Compared to pre-pandemic figures in 2019, Easter car rental prices have gone up by 135 percent with the possibility of some locations completely running out of hire cars. According to Which?, the average Easter rate for a booking so far in March 2022 is £280 per week. This in turn marks a rise of 135 percent from the pre-Covid (March 2019) rate of £119. And, according to the provider the prices are expected to keep rising. Motorists might also be forced to pay much more depending on the demand in their location. According to Which?, there have already been a number of “extraordinary” Easter booking prices including a £600 per week Fiat Panda in Mallorca, a £734 per week Skoda Octavia in Rome, and a £764 per week Ford Escape in Florida High. READ MORE: Electric car owner fined £100 after charging his vehicle in car park The high prices are the result of a shortage of new cars. During the Covid pandemic, car hire companies sold off vehicles in order to survive. However, they have been unable to restock their fleets ever since due to the ongoing semiconductor shortage that has resulted in car manufacturers slowing or even halting the production of new vehicles. The combination of Covid and global car manufacturing shortages has created a perfect storm in the car hire industry. DON'T MISS Drivers call for EV owners to pay tax [REVEAL] Drivers to be fined for parking in EV bays this month [WARNING] Electric car charging stations have ‘fundamental issues’ [INSIGHT] The pandemic caused a complete collapse of demand for hire cars as overseas travel came to a standstill. Rental companies have now missed nearly two years of normal-level trading and need to recoup some of their losses. Experts believe that it is likely some locations will have no cars to rent at all during peak periods in 2022. Providers reported running out of cars in some locations for the February half term, earlier this year. Enterprise Rent-A-Car said: “A key challenge right now is the global supply chain challenges, most notable is the chip shortage which is significantly impacting new car availability. “Our relationships with our manufacturing partners remain strong and our Fleet Acquisition team is working hard to secure additional vehicles to meet demand.” Prices were already much higher last year compared to pre-Covid levels. According to figures from Zestcarrental.com, in 2019 just one in 20 car hire customers paid more than £500 for their car rental. But in 2021, more than a quarter of rentals cost £500 or more. Which? experts said: “It’s very difficult to estimate how much higher rental rates could rise in 2022, but prices in October 2021 do give us an indication. “The combination of October half term and the short window of opportunity to travel between the travel traffic light system being scrapped (4 October) and the arrival of omicron (24 November), caused holiday bookings and demand for car hire to surge. “Average prices rose to more than double their pre-pandemic rate. “However, there were marked differences across Europe, with bookings in Portugal nearly triple their 2019 rate.” Experts are now trying to figure out when the prices might go down. Which? added: “None of these problems is likely to disappear overnight. “Car industry figures predict that the semiconductor crisis that is disrupting global car production will continue well into 2022, and even into 2023. “At the moment car rental fleets are small and firms are unable to expand. “But even when the manufacturing bottleneck ends, it will take time for car hire companies to rebuild fleets and recoup the losses of the last two years.”