Eighties classic Back to the Future is returning to TV screens this afternoon at 2.10pm on ITV2. Christopher Lloyd played inventor of the first time machine Doc Brown, who appears to be the age of Methuselah in the 1985 sci-fi comedy film, but was just 47 himself when he took on the role. He starred alongside 28-year-old Michael J Fox in what became a worldwide culture phenomenon. Mr Lloyd’s Doc is youthful with plenty of enthusiasm and he employed unique twitches and facial contortion to easily appear older than the teenage protagonist. Christopher, 83, said he enjoys playing older characters in an interview with The Guardian last year ahead of his role in Senior Moment. He said: “I enjoy playing characters of the age that I have now. I mean, they’re just as interesting as younger characters.” Christopher and Michael, 60, still have a close bond, with Christopher recalling to Guardian reporter Toby Moses: “He’s so great.” Christopher said: “He’s courageous, has a great sense of humour and a wonderful perspective on life. I have such admiration for him. “From the first time we met, and we shot together, the relationship has always been there. “And I know that if we were set to do something else again together, it would still be there. We just have a natural chemistry.” Michael said in 2021, working with Christopher “is just different than working with anyone else. He is a genius at laying out exposition.” The movie thrived from Christopher and Michael’s partnership, with their perfect on-screen chemistry and timing together. However, they may never have been co-stars. When the film first came along as an opportunity for Christopher, he was not keen. Director Robert Zemeckis told the Washington Post “Chris was reluctant to come in and meet. He wasn’t sure about the movie.” He added: “I would ask him questions, and he would give one-word answers. He’s very shy.” Yet Mr Zemeckis said he: “Instantly knew. That’s the guy. That’s Doc Brown. He just had everything the character needed.” Christopher took the role of Doc and spent the first five weeks filming alongside Eric Stoltz as Marty. The Hollywood Reporter said Michael was brought in six weeks into production when directors decided that Marty needed an actor with what Christopher described as “comic flair”. Christopher was not pleased when the news of the recasting came as he was not sure he could reshoot in the same way. In an interview with GQ, he recalled: “I had no idea the change was coming. “My biggest fear, because I was really working to get Doc right, I thought, ‘I don’t know if I can get it up to do [all the scenes over] again.’ So I was worried about it. But, it all worked out.” Back to the Future was an instant hit, becoming the highest-grossing film of the year in 1985. Two sequels were released, Back to the Future Part II in 1989 and Part III in 1990, both featuring Christopher and Michael. The franchise continues to attract new fans and Michael has previously spoken about the trilogy's enduring success. He said: “We thought it would speak to the Fifties generation and the Eighties generations, we didn’t know that it would speak to the Nineties generation and the 21st century generation. It just kind of continues to amaze us.” Mr Lloyd said: “It’s a dream come true to be in a film that has the kind of profound impact it’s had on so many people… “For it to endure the way this film has. It’s amazing, it’s a rarity.”