Brooklyn Beckham, son of footballer David and Spice Girl turned fashion designer Victoria, is getting ready to tie the knot with Nicola Peltz, whose financier father Nelson Peltz, 79, boasts an estimated wealth of £1.3 billion. The pair are due to exchange vows in front of a star-studded guest list in Florida this Saturday - but sadly Sir Elton John will be absent, as the date clashes with the rescheduled dates for his farewell tour. The Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour marks the final time the superstar will ever perform his music on a live stage. The epic finale tour began in 2018, but some dates had to be rescheduled owing to the coronavirus pandemic and Sir Elton's health issues following a fall last year. He will be in the same country as his godson that week, but must perform in Knoxville, Tennessee on Friday, before travelling to Lexington, New York the following morning - the day of the wedding. If travelling by road, the journey takes 11 hours - and although a flight would make matters easier, he will still be left with no practicable time to drop in at the Miami wedding. READ NOW: Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress Elton had been a trusted friend of Brooklyn's mum Victoria for decades, even making a cameo appearance for the Spice World movie. However, the other girls might be less thrilled with his influence, as Victoria has publicly name-checked him as the person who inspired him to leave the group. "Remember years ago, watching your dear friend Elton John on stage in Las Vegas," she recalled. "He performed 'Tiny Dancer', as if it were the first time, and you realised this was like oxygen for him. "It was a life-changing moment — while singing and dancing was fun for you, it wasn’t your passion. "That day, you started your quest to uncover your own dreams. It was time to step away from being a Spice Girl," Victoria said in a letter to herself, published in British Vogue. Though Saturday Night clearly isn't alright for Elton, unlike the words of his famous song, the star-studded bash will still go ahead. Glamorous blonde Nicola, who, at 27, is four years Brooklyn's senior, is a model and actress by profession, having appeared in Hollywood movies Transformers: Age of Extinction and The Last Knight, plus popular TV show Bates Motel. DON'T MISS... Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap [DEBATE] Joan Collins has not had surgery as star rejects Jane Seymour's remark [UPDATE] Naga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress [LATEST]  Her career currently dwarfs that of Brooklyn, who is relatively new to the world of work. Recently, he began to carve out a career as a celebrity chef, only to endure public criticism after it was revealed that each eight minute episode of his online show cost a jaw-dropping $100,000 (£74,000) to create. Meanwhile, some 62 members of staff were recruited to help him out in the kitchen, prior to him undertaking formal culinary training. The 23-year-old was not seen cooking any ingredients while attempting to teach his Instagram and Facebook fans how to perfect the dishes, giving rise to criticism that "he is to cooking what [his mum] Posh is to singing". However, Brooklyn, who has over 13 million Instagram followers, has voiced his commitment to becoming a skilled chef. Currently, his parents' wealth is said to currently be valued at £380 million, in comparison to the estimated £1.3 billion of wealth of Nicola's dad. The lavish wedding is set to take place this weekend in Miami, Florida and celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay will be one of the guests at the glitzy bash, amid speculation that the fiery-tempered cook could be a mentor to Brooklyn in his ambition to shine as a chef. All of the Spice Girls are said to have been invited too, alongside actress Eva Longoria, Madonna's son Rocco Richie and former footballer Phil Neville. Meanwhile, American Football player Tom Brady will also attend with his model wife Gisele Bundchen. The couple have reportedly decided to retreat to their own private beach for the occasion, in the £76 million ocean-front villa owned by Nicola's family. It has been claimed that the bride-to-be has decided against wearing a Victoria Beckham creation, and is instead planning to celebrate the big day in a Valentino dress, with A-list fashion stylist Leslie Fremar - who has also worked with Demi Moore by her side to help. The wealthy couple initially announced their engagement via Instagram. Brooklyn had delightedly penned the words: "Two weeks ago I asked my soulmate to marry me and she said yes. I am the luckiest man in the world.” Meanwhile, Nicola had her own tribute to her fiancé, gushing: “I can't wait to spend the rest of my life by your side. Your love is the most precious gift.” The big day follows an almost two-year-long engagement, after the pair originally began dating back in 2019. Express.co.uk has contacted Brooklyn's reps for comment.