British holidaymakers who are planning on driving in France during their holiday should educate themselves on the French driving laws in order to prevent some hefty fines. Driving from the UK to France has long been a favourite for tourists looking to take in gorgeous countryside landscapes while looking to get away. However, motorists can't just stick their keys in the ignition and head down the road to France without sufficient preparation. On top of all the correct travel paperwork and identification, such as a passport, if holidaymakers want to holiday in France by driving their UK car, they need to complete a comprehensive car checklist to make sure they don't end up in trouble with the law. With all but a few pandemic travel measures gone, millions of Brits are expected to head abroad in the coming months, hundreds of thousands of which to France. Here is a list of things that British drivers need to look out for if they plan on taking their car across the Channel on the Eurotunnel or by ferry. READ MORE: Fuel shortages to blame for ‘widespread disruption’ across the UK Paperwork: In addition to the driver's licence, motorists need to have a certificate that proves they have insurance to drive in France and the car's logbook or V5C document to validate their ownership of the vehicle. As long as the driver’s UK insurance includes third-party cover, then they should have the necessary protection to legally drive in France. Failure to be properly insured could land motorists with a €3,750 (£3,000) fine and a suspension of their license. DON'T MISS Motorist fuming after Asda driver reversed into car before driving off [SHOCKING] Electric vans are now cheaper to operate than diesel [REVEAL] Half of all new car sales will have to be all-electric models by 2028 [INSIGHT] Authorities can also take away the car there and then. Essential equipment: By law, drivers must bring the following when driving in France: Reflective vests - one for the driver and one for each passenger Warning triangle – compulsory in every vehicle with four wheels or more, in case of breakdown Headlamp beam deflectors - drivers either need deflector stickers or have to adjust the beam manually to avoid dazzling drivers, as British cars were built to drive on the left. Breathalyser, spare bulbs (not mandatory) for car lights, and if visiting in winter, snow chains when indicated in certain areas. If holidaymakers drive in France without reflective vests and a warning triangle, they could face a fine of €750 (£626). Clean air stickers: To enter some major French cities, motorists will need to display a clean air sticker, called a Crit'Air vignette. This identifies the vehicle with a certain emission level. These can be purchased from the French Government but can take up to six weeks to arrive. The cities include Paris, Lyon, Lille, Marseille, Toulouse, Chambery, and Grenoble. Drivers will also need a 'UK' sticker displayed clearly on the rear of the car unless the number plate already has the UK identifier on the left-hand side. Driving in France without these stickers may land drivers with a fine of over €140 (£117).  Child seats: Unlike in Britain, French rules on child seats are determined by weight rather than height. If a child is 10 years old or younger and weighs less 15kg, they require a child seat. Motorists may face a fine of up to €135 (£112), reduced to €90 (£75) if paid within 15 days if someone is not properly secured.  Turning off speed camera alerts: It is illegal to have speed camera alerts on a satellite navigation device in France, so drivers should switch them off to avoid issues with French traffic police. Motorists could face a whopping €1,500 (£1,250) fine if caught with a device that tells them where speed cameras are.