Travel journalist Simon Calder, who was broadcasting from Heathrow Airport, updated GB News viewers on the number of flights which have been cancelled over the Easter weekend as well as the hundreds of engineering works taking place on train tracks. Millions of travellers have been warned to brace themselves for severe delays at airports and "extremely busy" roads. Presenter Anne Diamond fumed over the situation and asked if it could have been avoided.  After listening to the number of works taking place over the bank holiday weekend, Anne fumed: "This is crazy, isn't it? "I know that some of it may be unavoidable but surely with better planning, they knew Easter was going to happen at this time of year, I mean why couldn't this be avoided?" Simon replied: "A very good question, well actually in 2016, Network Rail did a proper investigation and concluded a public holiday is the time to do it because you have fewer commuters, then Covid happened and now we are in the position where leisure travel at weekends, and particularly over holidays, is vastly higher in some cases than just normal commuting." READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait The travel expert described the situation as a "pretty perfect storm if you are staying on the ground". He later revealed British Airways had cancelled 52 flights which were mostly to European destinations but also short-haul flights to Belfast, Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Manchester and Newcastle. "If you are in the position of having your flight cancelled, they should have issued you with an alternative," he stressed. "Meanwhile, down at Gatwick, Easy Jet have cancelled about 30 flights today [Thursday] including to lovely Greek holiday islands such as Kefalonia and Zante."  Following his update on delays, Angela said: "Unless you are completely bound by kids off school and things like that you have just got to be more flexible and say, 'Easter is just a date and we will do our Easter holiday next week or something like that.'" The RAC predicts there will be 4.6 million leisure trips by road on Good Friday alone. Meanwhile, Network Rail said it was undertaking a £22 million upgrade project and has advised people to travel either side of the bank holiday. A total of 530 engineering works will take place over Easter, with Network Rail adding: “There will be disruption on some routes, so passengers are urged to plan ahead.” DON'T MISS...Easter travel warning: Roads set to be worst in 2 years this weekend [TRAVEL]Simon Calder outlines travel nightmares that face travellers in Easter [LATEST]Easter travel: 22million drivers to hit roads and flights cancelled [UPDATE] Transport Secretary Grant Shapps told the BBC it will be “extremely busy on our roads, potentially at our ports, particularly at Dover”. The warnings come as the Easter weekend is the first public holiday since the lifting of almost all coronavirus travel restrictions. The railway closures will also affect tens of thousands of Manchester City and Liverpool football fans travelling to Wembley stadium for the FA Cup semi-final. The FA has advised ticketholders not to take the train from the North West.  P&O Ferries has also caused issues for holidaymakers by suspending all of its Dover to Calais services over the weekend. Shortage of workers and staff sickness due to coronavirus have already caused chaos for air passengers in recent weeks. Carriers have been cancelling dozens of flights while ferry operators have struggled to meet demand as P&O Ferries services remain suspended. GB News is available to watch on Freeview and Sky. 