Fox News host Jesse Watters quizzed the controversial actor about the incident which took place at the Oscars last week. The actor paused as a voice could be heard behind the camera shutting the interview down. Although Jesse attempted to continue to probe, the interview was brought to an abrupt end. Jesse asked: “You understand it probably better than a lot of people, with your career. “And I was wondering if, you know, you had been the one that jumped up out of his seat and slapping Chris Rock, if you would have been treated the same way, Mel?” Avoiding the question, the veteran actor pointed his finger into the camera and shakes his head. He then waves his other hand before a voice shuts down the interview. Read more: BBC’s Clive Myrie makes savage quip about Will Smith Oscars slap Interjecting, a female voice said: “Hello, Jesse. Um, thank you, that’s our time.” Undeterred, Jesse continued: “Have you ever thought about that?” But the female voice added: “Um, I’m, thank you, Jesse. Uh, we, that is our time.” Mel avoided looking into the camera until Jessie thanked him for his time. “Well Mel, thank you very much for joining Jesse Watters Primetime. We really appreciate it,” the host said. The veteran actor looked back up and waved to viewers as the chat came to an end. Meanwhile, Will has resigned from the Oscars Academy after slapping Chris during the 2022 ceremony. In a statement, he said: “My actions at the 94th Academy Awards presentation were shocking, painful, and inexcusable. DON'T MISSWill Smith ‘should have Oscar withdrawn’ after Chris Rock slap ‒ POLL [POLL]Mel Gibson dragged into 'slap-gate' as fans call for him to lose Oscar [INSIGHT]Will Smith compared to Meghan Markle for his action at Oscars [VIDEO] “The list of those I have hurt is long and includes Chris, his family, many of my dear friends and loved ones, all those in attendance, and global audiences at home. “I betrayed the trust of the Academy. I deprived other nominees and winners of their opportunity to celebrate and be celebrated for their extraordinary work. I am heartbroken.” He added: “I want to put the focus back on those who deserve attention for their achievements and allow the Academy to get back to the incredible work it does to support creativity and artistry in film. “Change takes time and I am committed to doing the work to ensure that I never again allow violence to overtake reason.” Academy president David Rubin replied to the resignation stating he had accepted the action. He noted the Academy “will continue to move forward with…disciplinary proceedings”. Last Sunday, Will struck Chris on stage after the comedian made a joke about the actor’s wife Jada Pinkett Smith. The comedian compared Jada, who suffers from hair loss due to alopecia, to G.I. Jane referring to her shaved hairstyle. 