Boris Johnson is expected to make an apology to MPs today after he was fined by police for breaching his own Covid rules when he attended a birthday event at Number 10 during lockdown. He and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were both fined last week for taking part in law-breaking parties held during coronavirus lockdowns. The Prime Minister is expected to answer questions from MPs at 3.30pm this afternoon. The statement from Mr Johnson will follow a Cabinet meeting, and he is expected to argue that matters - such as Ukraine - must now take priority. Mr Johnson was found by the Metropolitan Police to have attended a birthday party, thrown in his honour, in the Cabinet room in June 2020, while strict coronavirus restrictions were in place for all of the UK. READ MORE: Boris Johnson 'no longer trusted to get job done' pollster warns A Downing Street source has said he will “offer a full-throated apology and recognise the strength of feeling” among MPs and the public on the matter. However, they said he is unlikely to go into too much detail on the matter. Prior to the statement, loyal Tory MPs have come out in an attempt to defend the Prime Minister's rule-breaking.  Brandon Lewis sought to defend the Prime Minister by insisting that other leaders and senior Government members had historically broken the law. The Northern Ireland secretary told presenter Kay Burley.: “I think we do see consistently, whether it is through parking fines or speeding fines, ministers of both parties over the years have been in that position. However, other Tories are less defensive of the Prime Minister, with one even calling for a vote of no confidence. “If I was the prime minister, I would show leadership here, recognise this requires crisis management as such, and say that ‘these are difficult times, I will give you the opportunity to support me through an actual vote of confidence’.” Opposition parties believe Mr Johnson deliberately misled parliament when he said he was not aware of any rule-breaking parties, and could push for a vote on this. Under Government rules, ministers are expected to resign for knowingly misleading MPs in the House of Commons. Following the announcement that he had received a fixed penalty notice last week, Mr Johnson said he "fell short" of his own rules and people "had the right to expect better" from him. 