Manchester United transfer chief John Murtough has reportedly informed Andreas Pereira that he has a future at Old Trafford under Erik ten Hag. The Brazilian has spent the season on loan at Flamengo with his Red Devils career presumed to be over, but the change of management could see him given an unlikely lifeline. Man Utd interim boss Ralf Rangnick sparked fan excitement when he suggested that the club could recruit up to 10 new players this summer. That supposedly upset some of the club's hierarchy who have no such plans, however, and Ten Hag is instead expected to prioritise extracting value from the existing squad when he arrives from Ajax. Indeed, there is a shrinking group to extract value from as a handful of players prepare to leave for free. Pereira, meanwhile, still has one year remaining on his contract should he decide to return from South America. According to ESPN, Murtough has already told Pereira that, if a permanent switch to Flamengo falls through, Ten Hag would be 'keen' to welcome him back to Old Trafford in time for next season. JUST IN: Everton to contact PGMOL demanding answers as Toffees baffled by penalty snub vs Liverpool  The energetic midfielder has scored five goals in 21 matches since leaving on loan. He has also banked impressive loan spells with the likes of Valencia and Lazio which, along with his sporadic contributions at Old Trafford, have made him a full Brazilian international. Pereira has a decent reputation with United fans for being tenacious and a willing runner. Those qualities are highly sought after at Old Trafford amid a series of timid performances which have dramatically soured the mood around the club.  Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Nemanja Matic are all set to ditch United in a few weeks' time, leaving a three-player void in central areas which Pereira could help to fill. Indeed, a rejuvenated version of the 26-year-old could save Ten Hag and Murtough the inconvenient job of having to recruit a squad rotation option in the summer transfer market. Ten Hag and Pereira go back a long time, and the Dutchman was assistant boss at PSV Eindhoven while the Belgian-born star was rising through their youth ranks. The incoming United boss is therefore clued up on what Pereira brings to the table, and would seemingly be happy to work with a familiar face. Clever moves like this one could be crucial to making sure United have a successful summer, having splashed the cash last year on a host of star-studded names. Another midfield option in Declan Rice has been priced at £150million by West Ham, which could leave United scrambling to put together deals for players further down their wish list. The likes of Ruben Neves, Aurelien Tchouameni and John McGinn are thought to be on it, and while the Red Devils are still likely to bring in new midfielders with so many poised to leave the club, Pereira is supposedly deemed a safe bet to bump up the numbers given his age, experience and past relationship with Ten Hag.