Marvel is showing no signs of slowing down when it comes to phase 4 of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, both on the small and big screen. Moon Knight premiered at the end of March on Disney Plus and stars Oscar Isaac as confused Egyptian crime-fighter Marc Spector/Steven Grant/Moon Knight - that's right, he plays three characters, all sharing the one body. With only two episodes left, fans are confused about what they "saw" in the latest chapter. Warning: this article contains spoilers for episode four. Steven and Marc have been fighting for control of their shared body and transform into their alter-ego Moon Knight when things get really bad. Now, in Egypt, Marc/Steven and Layla El-Faouly (played by May Calamawy) are in a race against Arthur Harrow ( Ethan Hawke) to find Ammit's tomb, both with a different purpose. Arthur wants to free the goddess, the personification of divine retribution, to unleash her power and chaos on the world, whereas the trio wants the exact opposite. Steven, who currently has control of the body, and Layla find the entrance to the tomb but run into some trouble stumble across the long-lost tomb of Alexander the Great and, in turn, find Ammit's stone statue - moments later, Arthur arrives. Read More: Where is Anne Darwin now? What happened to her? Briefly letting military expert Marc take over the body to try and find a way out of the situation, Arthur shoots Marc and leaves him to die in Alexander the Great's tomb. If that wasn't confusing enough for fans, Marc and Steven both wake up in a mental institution and, on trying to escape, are greeted by a giant hippopotamus in Egyptian god attire. Fan Daniel Diaz tweeted on these scenes unfolding: "#MoonKnight episode 4 had me JAW DROPPED for like 25 minutes at least. "WHAT DID WE JUST WATCH OMG. Love Layla. Hate Harrow. Hippo goddess? Best duo Marc and Steven hugging. Is it all real and fake at the same time?!?! My brain is shattered like the mind stone." (sic) "#MoonKnight Episode 4 IS THE SINGLE GREATEST EPISODE I HAVE EVER SEEN," @yinzerWRLD shouted. Having watched the episode, @Magnetrixz proclaimed: "Okay, hear me out. May Calamawy, Oscar Isaac and Ethan Hawke deserve an award for this series. COME ON???" (sic) Viewer @daylightandblue pointed out how Layla had a particularly physical episode fighting for her life several times and said: "Can we talk about how brave and strong Layla is in this episode.. she is so amazing. #MoonKnight." Michael Patterson added: "I've said it before, but Oscar Isaac is just incredible in Moon Knight. Episode four may just be the show's best yet, and I can't tell you how excited I was when I first watched it a few weeks back!! This show is one of the MCU's best, and Isaac is phenomenal. #MoonKnight." DON’T MISS…Lorraine skewers Starmer over calls for Johnson to resign 'What are Labour doing?' [LATEST]Ukraine general forced to sit out war freed 'Shamefully, Germany had him banged up!' [LATEST]Where is John Darwin now? What happened to Canoe Man? [LATEST] For methodology lovers out there, the hippopotamus is, in fact, Taweret, the Egyptian god of children and fertility and the protector of mothers and children. The name "Taweret", translates to "she who is great". Taweret doesn't have a significant role in any Marvel comics, so her character could take the show in any direction. Based on the final scenes being set in a hospital, which could possibly be, the afterlife, another dimension or in either Marc or Steven's mind, Taweret very well could. Is she here to help him find his way back to the earthly plane? Will she help heal his fractured mind?