Attending the Invictus Games, due to start tomorrow in The Hague, the Duchess, dressed in all-white, can be seen accompanying members of team Netherlands. Holding the Duchesses’ tan coloured coat around the newborn, the mother can be seen laughing and exchanging pleasantries with Meghan as they walk along. The Invictus Games, the first since 2019, has brought the Duchess of Sussex to Europe for the first time in two years.  Speaking of the heartwarming mother-to-mother moment, royal commentator Omid Scobie said on Twitter: “En route to the venue, the couple was escorted by Team Netherlands competitors and family -one of whom was proudly carrying a newborn. “Noticing the sudden drop in temperature, Meghan quickly handed over her coat to the mom to help keep the baby warm.”  Many took to Twitter to show their affection for Meghan. Denajay said: “I was wondering why the woman next to Meghan was holding the coat so awkwardly. “I couldn’t see the tiny baby wrapped in the coat. “Meghan is such a sweetheart.” Scorpio Girl agreed, writing: “Always looking out for others, she’s so sweet.”  READ MORE:Prince Harry's security row ridiculed as he visits Queen in UK Noticing the way the coat was dangling as she walked, Dandylione said: “Oh that’s why that lady is hugging the coat! “Ok I adore Meghan even more. “She’s so freaking sweet.” Elizabeth said: “This is what authenticity looks like. “Women supporting women in the moment.”  DON'T MISS:Horror as boy hospitalised by 'salmonella from Kinder egg' [REPORT]Ukraine defence chief mocks Putin over sunken ship 'New diving spot!' [REVEAL]Fury as branch customers turned away to back online [INSIGHT] Praising the Duchess for being an amazing mother, Talent Scout said: “Beautiful inside and outside." Ending the niceties, Bell Lee said: “Just goes to show how thoughtful Meghan can be in the moment.” The Invictus Games are set to return this weekend after being postponed first from 2020 to 2021, and then again to 2022 because of the pandemic. The event, the fifth Games, will see more than 500 competitors from 20 nations compete in a series of sports. Prince Harry has been the driving force behind the Invictus Games after seeing a British team compete at the US Warrior Games in Colorado in 2013. The Prince aimed to launch a similar event in the UK after witnessing the impact sport can have on the wounded in their recovery. The first games took place in London in 2014 at the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, the site of the 2012 London Olympics, after 10 months of planning. About 300 competitors from 13 countries that fought alongside the UK in recent military campaigns took part in the event, including the US, Australia, Canada, France and Afghanistan. 