Erik ten Hag has reached an agreement in principle with Manchester United ahead of taking over at Old Trafford this summer. The Dutchman is poised to succeed Ralf Rangnick, who will become a consultant at the end of the campaign. So Express Sport will now take a look at five players who can be forgiven for fearing the worst in the wake of this latest development. United loaned Anthony Martial to Sevilla hoping he’d rediscover his best form. But while the France international has had some good moments in La Liga, he remains as infuriatingly inconsistent as ever. Ten Hag only wants players who are fully committed to the cause and Martial’s attitude, at times, has angered United managers such as Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. It’s hard to see the 26-year-old getting a second chance under a new boss who wants to start afresh. And where Martial ends up remains to be seen, with Tottenham one possible destination. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz While Ten Hag likes to give young players a chance, he also likes having experienced goalkeepers. That’s long been the case during his Ajax reign, with Maarten Stekelenburg often picked over Andre Onana. Therefore, it’s hard to see Dean Henderson being happy. The England international wants to leave United behind regardless of who is in charge, having struggled for regular action this term. And with David De Gea undroppable at present, it’s easy to see the Red Devils granting Henderson his wish. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Widespread reports have suggested Ten Hag will look to sign a centre-back if he gets the United job. Jurrien Timber, in particular, has been linked. And any move for the young Ajax defender would likely be the final straw for birthday boy Eric Bailly at Old Trafford. Injuries have long hampered the Ivory Coast international from fulling his potential, having been signed by Mourinho in 2016. And with Ten Hag keen to freshen up the Red Devils’ squad, Bailly is one of the expected casualties. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag knows United need a new defensive-midfielder. So, with that being the case, it’s definitely possible Nemanja Matic will jump ship at the end of the season. Ten Hag could look to sign Ryan Gravenberch, while he’s expected to give Donny van de Beek another chance to show his true talent. Matic wouldn’t get into the team over either if he was to stay. And with links to Mourinho’s Roma still ongoing, a summer switch to Serie A may be on the cards. Ten Hag likes his strikers to be dynamic, like Sebastien Haller has been for him this season. And Cristiano Ronaldo has, unfortunately, lost that area of his game. His tally of 18 goals this season is impressive for a 37-year-old whose powers are starting to wane and fade. But Ten Hag will want a new focal point, meaning the veteran may struggle for regular action. Ronaldo is likely to stay for a second year but, from a personal perspective, it could end up being even worse than the first.