During the latest episode of Channel 5's Holidaying with Jane McDonald: The Caribbean, Jane explored the island of Grenada and was taken to do some interesting activities. One of the activities included making her very own chocolate bar which she was extremely excited about when first arriving at the location. However, after she got into the swing of things, she accidentally broke one of the machines after attempting to pour the chocolate into a mould. She met one of her tour guides, where she expressed her excitement of seeing how the chocolate was made. The tour guide said: "We just love to tell people about our chocolate, from the cocoa trees and the pods to the final finished bar, and you have a chance to make your own chocolate bar today." Excited at the news, Jane exclaimed: "That is really awesome because I am quite partial to the cocoa, who doesn't love chocolate." The first thing Jane was tasked with was "drying" the cocoa beans after fermentation, which included walking through the beans barefoot. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast guest on Rishi Sunak debate 'Two chancellors' As she began, she joked: "Oh blimey, I'm glad I washed my feet this morning!" before she began shuffling down the aisle of cocoa beans. She turned to the camera and teased: "So if you are just opening a nice bar of chocolate, think of my feet going through it." The next task she was assigned was adding the melted chocolate to the bar mould, to which she told the camera she could eat it "straight out the tap". Jane was introduced to worker Terrance who quickly showed her what it was she needed to do to create a smooth and even bar of chocolate. "I only have one button to push, easy! So I press that, oh, wrong? Wrong!" she asked Terrance. Terrance told her: "Let me grab that one for you," before handing her another tray so she could attempt another go. "That is a bad-tempered one! Why is it doing that! Oh, I am not good at this, am I? I left things to Terrance in the tempering room. "Sorry for wasting the chocolate and nearly breaking the machine..." she said to Terrance as she made her way out the room. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald, 59, flaunts toned legs as she downsizes travels [INSIGHT] Jane McDonald in tears at vow renewal ‘I never go to weddings' [LATEST]Jane McDonald makes change to trip to avoid heartache [WATCH] Every single chocolate bar is packaged by hand, and Jane turned to the camera once again and said: "If you get this bar of chocolate, I am so sorry, but it was my first attempt!" The team had a special surprise for Jane as they made her own chocolate label and named it McDonald's Milky Mouthful. "I am going to see for real if McDonald's really is a milky mouthful, mmmm! That is fantastic," she praised as she tucked into her chocolate bar. Viewers of the show were impressed with Jane's skills, although some weren't keen on the idea of her feet being in the cocoa beans. Greg Phillips sarcastically tweeted: "Can’t beat a bar of feet cheese chocolate." Mark and Marie added: "Fair play to #HolidayingWithJaneMcDonald for putting us off chocolate for life. Didn't think that was possible." User @AdamsWorld66 commented: "If only someone told me that feet were used to make my chocolate years ago, then I wouldn't have become so addicted!" @PinkSmiths4 said: "Well, that's me done eating any chocolate from the Caribbean islands.... FEET IN THE BEANS!" (sic). Holidaying with Jane McDonald airs Sunday at 9pm on Channel 5.