Chelsea star Ben Chilwell has bemoaned the hand ball law after Marcus Alonso was denied a stunning goal in the second leg of his side's Champions League quarter-final with Real Madrid. The Spanish defender thought he had struck the Blues' third of the night to complete a remarkable turnaround, however he was adjudged to have handled the ball in the built-up. In response to the controversial call to rule the strike out following a VAR review, Alonso's Chelsea team-mate Chilwell took to social media to express his frustration at the decision. The injured left-back tweeted: "This hand ball rule..." Goals from Mason Mount and Antonio Rudiger saw Thomas Tuchel's side draw level with Real Madrid on aggregate at the Santiago Bernabeu earlier on Tuesday night. The double saw Chelsea erase the two-goal advantage Los Blancos had built up at Stamford Bridge last week when Karim Benzema struck an astonishing hat-trick in the Spanish side's 3-1 triumph. With the tie precariously poised at 3-3 on aggregate, Alonso then fired in a third for the Blues on the night to seemingly complete a thrilling turnaround for Tuchel's side. However, the Spaniard's joy was short-lived. JUST IN: Man Utd target Milinkovic-Savic 'destined to leave' Lazio this summer  VAR intervened to rule that Alonso had handled the ball moments before he fired it in to the top corner of the Real Madrid net. After receiving a pass from Timo Werner, Alonso's attempted cross flicked up off the sliding Nacho and the left-back duly smashed home using his weaker right foot. However, replays showed the ball glanced off Alonso's arm having sprung up following Nacho's attempted interception. While Alonso would be denied Chelsea's third, Werner wouldn't.  The German latched on to Mateo Kovacic's slide-rule pass before slaloming through Real Madrid's penalty area and seeing his effort on goal ricochet of Thibaut Courtois and bobble into the net with just 15 minutes to play. Just when Chelsea looked to have completed the most remarkable of comebacks, Real Madrid responded. Luka Modric's pinpoint pass with the outside of boot found substitute Rodrygo, who cooly volleyed home moments after coming on. The Brazilian's well-taken strike levelled the scores up at 4-4 and sent the Champions League classic to extra-time.  