Staff inside the Capitol were forced to evacuate after an alert was issued shortly after 6.30pm (local time). The call comes after Capitol Police revealed they had been tracking an aircraft which posed a "probable threat" to the area. They said: "The USCP is tracking an aircraft that poses a probable threat to the Capitol Complex." However, Capitol Police later issued an update which said: "The Capitol was evacuated out of an abundance of caution this evening. "There is no threat at the Capitol. More details to come." It has since been reported the aircraft of concern was a military aircraft which was carrying parachuters. JUST IN: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off interview with 'dishonest' Piers Morgan According to the Associated Press, a single-engine aircraft was circling Washington after it picked up members of the US Army's Golden Knights. The parachuters were due to drop into the Washington Nationals' baseball stadium for a show before the side's clash with the Arizona Diamondbacks. The 41,339-seater stadium, which was first opened in 2008, is located just 1.5miles away from the US Capitol. Capitol Police were not informed about the plane carrying the team which subsequently led to the evacuation order, it has been reported. The force's initial warning added: "Evacuate the US Capitol, Capitol Visitor Center, Hart, Dirksen, Russell, Cannon, Longworth, Rayburn, Library of Congress (Jefferson, Madison and Adams) and the US Botanic Garden (Administrative and Conservatory) buildings. "If you are on the Senate side of the Capitol or CVC, in the Hart, Dirksen, or Russell buildings: move NORTH towards Union Station to the Aircraft Intrusion Assembly Area in the parks just prior to Columbus Circle NE. "DO NOT STOP at your primary assembly area. "If you are on the House side of the Capitol or CVC, in the Cannon, Longworth, Rayburn or US Botanic Garden (Administrative or Conservatory) buildings: move SOUTH towards Garfield Park. "DO NOT STOP at your primary assembly area. "If you are in the Library of Congress (Jefferson, Madison and Adams) buildings: move SOUTH towards Folger and Providence Parks. DON'T MISS: China’s ‘mighty dragon’ The terrifying weapons that Xi could hand Putin to break deadlock [REVEALED] Xi outsmarts EU: China secretly sends Russia weapons via serbia [INSIGHT] Le Pen calls for close ties with Putin [REPORT] "DO NOT STOP at your primary assembly area. "If you are in Ford, O'Neill, Postal Square, the Senate Pages Dorm/Schools at Webster Hall, the Senate Child Care Center or LOC Daycare Center, remain indoors."