The age at which Britons can get their state pension will differ depending on when an individual was born. This is due to increases in the state pension age which have taken place and further rises are set to be introduced in the future. The state pension age currently stands at 66 in the UK. This applies to both men and women - whereas it was previously 60 for women and 65 for men. It will increase twice in the coming years if Government plans go ahead. Under the current schedule, the state pension age will increase to 67 by 2028. READ MORE: WASPI women receive update in state pension age fight as 'further evidence' to be reviewed It is then expected to rise again to age 68 by 2046. This means people retiring in the future could be made to wait up to two years longer than currently to get their state pension. Britons can get a projection of their state pension age through the official Government website. It is easy to do, as users simply need to enter their date of birth to find out the information they need. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis: Do you pay for dentistry and opticians? A little-known way to cover the cost [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak backlash grows – ‘I’m getting £2 extra pension while he’s got millions’ [REACTION]‘Do I have enough to retire?’ Dave Ramsey suggests a ‘rule of thumb’ for what you need [RETIREMENT] They will then be told what their state pension age is projected to be and the date they will reach it. The state pension age is currently under review, and it is possible further changes could be made as a result of the evaluation. This is the second review into the state pension age. In the first state pension age review, it was recommended that the next review should consider whether the increase to age 68 should be brought forward to between 2037 and 2039. This would mean even more Britons waiting longer to reach state pension age. The review must be published by May 7, 2023. These regular reviews into the state pension age are required to be carried out by the Government at the behest of The Pensions Act 2014. Britons using the Government website to check their state pension age can also find out other information relating to their state pension. This includes their Pension Credit qualifying age, which is normally the same as their state pension age. Pension Credit is a benefit which lower income pensioners can claim, providing an income top up. The Gov.uk site can also tell people when they are eligible for a free bus pass. This can vary in different parts of the UK.