Tyson Fury has revealed that Dillian Whyte conceded that he was hurt by a left hook during an intriguing mid-fight conversation between the pair. The Gypsy King, who has now vowed to retire, marked his homecoming in style in front of 94,000 at Wembley Stadium, stopping his rival with a vicious sixth-round uppercut. And following the memorable triumph, Fury has revealed him and Whyte were engaged in conversation inside the ring as they traded blows. Remarkably, the Body Snatcher is alleged to have admitted he was hurt by one thunderous left hook. Fury explained: "I kept clipping him with that check hook. "We'd been practising on the pads hadn't we... Bang, bang, bang, bang. "Then the one thing that amazed me was I clipped the Body Snatcher with a left hook and I went 'you're hurt Body Snatcher ain't ya!" "And then he just went 'yeah!'" Fury then pounced before eventually laying Whyte out on the canvas and although he did make it back onto his feet before the count, the referee correctly called the contest to a halt. The Gypsy King was fully complementary of his opponent though and made it clear he told Whyte he would be a world champion one day. "Dillan Whyte is a warrior. And I believe that Dillian will be a world champion. But tonight, he met a great in the sport," Fury said. "I’m one of the greatest heavyweights of all time. And unfortunately for Dillian Whyte, he had to face me here tonight. "There’s no disgrace. He’s a tough, game man. He’s as strong as a bull. He’s got the heart of a lion. "But you’re not messing with a mediocre heavyweight. You’re messing with the best man on the planet. "And you saw that tonight with what happened." Fury has also ruled that he will now retire, due to a promise he made to his wife Paris before his trilogy with Deontay Wilder last October. "I promised my lovely wife Paris of 14 years that after the Wilder 3 fight, that would be it. And I meant it," he added. "We had a war. It was a great trilogy. And I meant that. "But I got offered to fight at Wembley at home, and I believe that I deserved—that I owed it to the fans, I owed it to every person in the United Kingdom to come here and fight at Wembley. "Now it’s all done. And I have to be a man of my word. And I think this is it. "This might be the final curtain for the Gypsy King. And what a way to go out! A big thank you to the United Kingdom!"