Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast now has more than 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to sharing their cleaning and tidying tips. One of the groups, which has 629,000 members, receives hundreds of tips each day. Eva O'Halloran asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Hi. Really hoping someone can help! “I have a massive back way full of yellow/black moss! “Has anyone any idea as to how to get rid of it without losing all the gravel? Thank you!” Eva’s post was inundated with responses but one of the most popular comments was to use soda crystals. Sandyholmes Holmes said: “Wet the ground sprinkle soda crystals over then leave and it will die off and you can sweep away. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's Santa Barbara home shows 'shift from royalty' “It will take a few days but it’s a cheap option.” Bev Bolan commented: “Soda crystals. Sprinkle on dry, leave a couple of days then sweep up and the moss comes with it.” Dri Pak Fine Soda Crystals cost 80p from Sainsbury’s. DP Soda Crystals are £1.75 from Waitrose & Partners. Wilko Original Soda Crystals cost £1.50. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using Wet & Forget, white vinegar, baking soda, Dettol and washing powder. DON'T MISSLaundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes [INSIGHT]Shower cleaning: How to remove shower screen limescale - ‘never fails’ [UPDATE]‘Effective’ way to ‘avoid weed infestations’ in the garden [ANALYSIS] Wet & Forget is a cleaning product used to remove algae, mould and lichen. Jenny Perks said: “Spray on Wet & Forget.” Jo Ball replied: “You could try Wet & Forget, it basically eats away moss and lichen.” Hulya Zurnacioglu commented: “Seen an ad where it says pour baking soda and, if the weather is dry, to wet a bit then leave a few hours or over night. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Then just sweep next morning, meaning to try it but haven’t as yet.” Janice Morris wrote: “Buy yourself a few bottles of the cheapest vinegar you can get. “Mix it with double the amount of water, wait for a fine day and spray the moss with the mixture.” Janice Thompson said: “Get some cheap soap powder and sprinkle on.  “Kills moss in a couple of days.” Betty Fleming suggested: “Dettol will kill that off.” Michele Greenaway Murphy suggested: “Washing powder bio. “Sprinkle over all and leave and wait until it rains. “Failing that, Round Up is fairly good.”