During Friday's instalment of Tipping Point, ITV host Ben Shephard welcomed contestants Michelle, Arif and Kayleigh onto the show. The players had to go head to head as they each tried to knock as many counters down in the machine as possible. The person with the most counters would then go on to the final round, in the hopes of winning the £10,000 jackpot. Arif and Kayleigh got off to a great start as they stormed into the lead, leaving poor Michelle in last place. However, during the quickfire question round, Michelle quickly turned things around by answering four questions correctly. This meant she had four counters to put into the Tipping Point machine. The player needed to win £800 to overtake her opponents, although, after knocking a double counter down, Michelle quickly overtook Arif and he was sent home. READ MORE: MAFS Australia: Producers allegedly cut out key scenes from Domenica During the third round, it was a tense moment for Michelle and Kayleigh as they battled against each other. Host Ben fired questions at the duo, and if they didn't know the answer, they could pass it to their opponent in the hopes they didn't know it either. The more questions they answered correctly, the more counters they won for the Tipping Point machine. However, Michelle had luck on her side as she managed to storm through to the final. After answering the questions in each category, Michelle had won herself £3,250. However, at the end of the round, Ben offered the player the chance to keep the money she'd won or trade it for three more counters. If Michelle managed to knock the jackpot counter down with her three additional counters, she would have won £10,000. However, Michelle decided to go with her gut and keep the money she'd won - despite the jackpot counter being poised near the edge of the bottom shelf. DON'T MISS...The Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik speaks on reuniting with co-star [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames A [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [NEWS] Despite taking the money, Ben played out what would have happened if Michelle had risked it. Michelle's first two counters edged the jackpot ever closer to the edge and by the time the third counter dropped, it seemed the slightest of touches would've sent it toppling. "Is that going to hit that silver one over?" the host asked. "It would have come down to this. Your knees would have been shaking, wouldn't they? "This is the third and final drop, what do you think, Michelle?" "Oh, I don't know, Ben?" she replied as he added: "Oh, is it going to go?" Both Ben and Michelle looked thrilled as the jackpot counter failed to drop, despite it taking yet another tiny push to the edge. "I can't quite believe it didn't go," the host said in disbelief. "It is clinging on. "There is millimetres in that but you know what, you absolutely made the right decision." Michelle's decision not to trade left some viewers divided and they took to social media to share their thoughts. Robert Mac penned: "She would've won if she'd answered a couple more of the easy questions correctly #tippingpoint." User @rebelmonkey simply tweeted: "Bottled it! #tippingpoint." While Steve Lowe commented: "I knew she'd make a pig's ear out of this! #TippingPoint." (sic) Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.