Arsenal can offer some of their squad players to Wolves in part-exchange for midfielder Ruben Neves. Sky Sports claims Arsenal have made Neves a top target for the summer transfer window and value him between £50million and £60m. The Portugal international has just over two years remaining on his contract at Molineux. Manchester United, Tottenham and Barcelona are also interested in signing the 25-year-old. Wolves technical director Scott Sellars recently admitted there will be interest from elsewhere in Neves, saying: “We’re obviously talking to him and we all know how much he loves playing for the club. We know how much he has settled here, but he is also an ambitious young man. "Rightly so, elite clubs all over Europe will have Ruben on their radar, but we have an excellent relationship with him and will do things properly, and collaboratively, when the time is right.” Express Sport picks out four Arsenal players who the Gunners could use to tempt Wolves into selling Neves for a cheaper price. READ MORE: Pep Guardiola discovers Fernandinho to quit Man City during press conference  Losing Neves would mean Wolves need to sign a central midfielder to replace him. Xhaka's future at Arsenal is again in doubt, with Roma interested in signing him. The Italian side were not able to match the Gunners' asking price last summer though and it looks unlikely they will qualify for the Champions League this season, which would have added a much-needed boost to their resources. Therefore Arsenal could offer Xhaka to Wolves as a like-for-like replacement. However, Xhaka's reputation since arriving in England may put the Midlands club off. His contract at the Emirates expires in 2024, with the option of a further year. DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu left with egg on his face after double Kulusevski mistake [OPINION]Tottenham boss Antonio Conte 'gives approval' to sign new Cristian Romero partner [GOSSIP]Dele Alli struggles blamed on Everton as Neil Warnock makes wild transfer claim [QUOTES]  Maitland-Niles will have just one year remaining on his contract when he returns from his loan spell at Arsenal. Mikel Arteta has made it clear the England international is not a key part of his plans. Maitland-Niles' versatility to play in a variety of positions could be attractive to Bruno Lage. He prefers to play in midfield so could help lessen the blow of Neves' departure.  Bellerin's time at Arsenal is coming to an end. He is enjoying a loan spell at Real Betis this season but there is no option to buy for the Spanish side. Another move to Spain would be more likely for the right-back. But his wealth of experience in the Premier League could be tempting for Wolves if Arsenal offer his services. Wolves' Max Kilman has been linked with a move away from the club this summer. If an exit does come about, Lage would need to bolster his defensive resources. Holding is set to fall further down the pecking order once William Saliba returns from his loan at Marseille. He has already struggled for game time this season so could be used by Arsenal as a transfer incentive for Wolves. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 