Oscar-winning actor Kim Basinger has opened up on the struggles she faced after developing agoraphobia and being terrified to leave her own home. The 68-year-old star, who was previously married to Alec Baldwin, shared her ordeal with Will Smith's wife Jada Pinkett Smith, who hosts the show Red Table Talk in the USA. A preview clip of the LA Confidential movie star appearing on the show alongside her 26-year-old daughter Ireland Baldwin aired where she spoke candidly about her experience. Kim confessed: "I wouldn't leave the house. I would no longer go to dinner." "Something just completely shuts down with you and you have to relearn everything," she added. "Everything used to make me nervous." READ NOW: Helen Skelton announces heartbreaking split from husband Richie Myler Her debilitating anxiety attacks first began when she was shopping for groceries in a local health food store in California. "My basket was almost full, and I found something really overcoming me in such a way that I couldn't breathe," she explained. "So I left the basket, and I made it to my car, and that was the last time I drove for almost six, seven months." The agoraphobia attacks even left Kim with a fear of driving through tunnels in her home city of Malibu. The star told Jada that it took her years to overcome the fear, during which she was afraid even to receive guests at her home for dinner. Kim told how the anxiety left her with a constantly dry mouth, and she felt "shaky" and "exhausted all the time". She then had to "relearn" how to drive as she slowly readjusted to leaving the house again. 9 1/2 Weeks star Kim previously addressed some of her issues in a documentary called Panic: A Film About Coping, which was released in 2001. DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip [LATEST] Jeremy Clarkson says Amber Heard wanted Top Gear stint in bid for fame [INSIGHT] Peter Kay says he’s doing ‘great’ as he makes rare public appearance [UPDATE]  She described a fear of public places as a debilitating issue she's suffered with all of her life. "I stayed in my house and literally cried every day," she admitted. The NHS website describes agoraphobia as a condition causing "a fear of being in situations where escape might be difficult or that help wouldn't be available if things go wrong". It lists some of the symptoms as rapid heart-beat, hyperventilation, dizziness, nausea and sweating, and suggests that traumatic events can sometimes be the trigger of the condition's onset. Kim's daughter Ireland has also suffered anxiety problems and the onset of an eating disorder, something which hurt Kim "worse than anything probably could". The model announced that she has been free of anorexia and bulimia for years now, but previously felt terror over consuming food. She said that taking just one bite of a meal would prompt her to start running immediately in a bid to offset the calories. Ireland believes the disorder began when she caught sight of cruel comments on social media telling her she was too fat to do her modelling jobs. Viewers can catch Kim and Ireland talking to Jada and her family on Red Table Talk via Facebook Watch today.