Luis Diaz has sent a message hailing Jurgen Klopp as the Liverpool star prepares to help the Reds on their final push to winning a historic quadruple. Klopp's side have already lifted the Carabao Cup, as well as reaching the final of the FA Cup and the semi-finals of the Champions League. Currently the hardest part of their quadruple bid appears to be the Premier League title, with Manchester City currently a point ahead. But Diaz believes the Reds have a key advantage in the final weeks of the season in Klopp, who he hailed as "incredible". “The manager? Incredible! That’s a single word you can use for him from the short time we’ve spent working together. He’s a very humble, down-to-earth person, very calm. He tries to ensure all his players are happy, and for me that’s very important," Diaz told Liverpool's website. “At the start, I think it was more about him telling me what I’ve been doing up to now. He was trying to put across to me that all it was about was for me to keep doing what I’ve been used to. READ MORE: Liverpool transfer boost as RB Salzburg sign Karim Adeyemi replacement “He wanted me to know that I’d been performing very well up to now and that I should just try to keep on doing more of the same. To play my football with joy and happiness, while obviously incorporating the preferred tactical plans and instructions into my game.” Despite Klopp's talents as a manager, Diaz is under no illusions as to the size of the task facing Liverpool as the season reaches its conclusion. He has warned his team-mates that they have no "margin of error" if they are to succeed in their quadruple bid. DON'T MISS: Liverpool could be about to pocket £10m because of Fulham's promotion (TRANSFERS)Borussia Dortmund hatch Jude Bellingham plan and set new asking price (NEWS)Carvalho breaks silence on Liverpool as Fulham secure Premier League (INSIGHT) “We know that we’re pretty much obliged to win every game between now and the end of the season and we know there’s no margin of error for us. Each competition is different, each trophy is different and every game is different within those competitions, particularly in the Premier League," Diaz added. "We’re treating every one like a final and we know what we’ve got to do. If and when the coaching staff need to call upon me, of course I’ll be ready and willing at all times, just like any other player that they decide to bring into their line-up. So, here’s hoping I can carry on in the same way, playing well and performing in the right manner so that things go well for the team. I’m here to help.”