If Russian President Vladimir Putin is able to secure a peace deal following his invasion of Ukraine, he will “one day go to war again”, Sky News host Andrew Bolt said.  Mr Bolt also asked if China might use this as a reason to finally invade Taiwan, wreaking having in the Indo-Pacific if the West appeases the Russians following the horrific war crimes they have committed in Bucha and Irpin, among other villages and regions, Mr Bolt said: “We can’t send troops, and we can’t send Ukraine our spare jets and we can’t leave open our use of nuclear weapons. “We can’t do anything that could provoke the Russian President too much and make this war worse. “But this is the worst. Everything has changed. It’s now clearer than ever Putin cannot be given a peace deal. He must be defeated. “If he gets anything out of this war that looks like a victory, he will one day go to war again in Ukraine, in Poland, in Moldova, in Kazakhstan. Who knows?” Addressing claims that Chinese President Xi Jinping has escalated tensions in the Indo-Pacific region through a draft security pact with the Solomon Islands, Bolt added that a Russian peace deal could spell disaster for Australia. He said: “And if China, Russia’s ally, watching on sees Russia get away with even these crimes, will it then conclude that invading Taiwan is worth its pain and that the West is always going to make peace in the end?” Australia has an unofficial partnership with Taiwan in which both have pledged to support peace in the Indi-Pacific region. They have now fast-tracked rearmament of their military fleet following fears that China could try and disturb that peace, emboldened by the apparent appeasement of Putin. READ MORE: The deadly weapons UK could send to Ukraine to end Putin's invasion [REVEAL] Over the past few days, as Ukrainian forces liberated cities and villages surrounding the capital of Kyiv, images have surfaced of some of the atrocities committed by Russian soldiers. Pictures of dead civilian bodies strewn across the streets, outside of their own homes, have awoken the world to the extent of devastation Putin has wrought on Ukraine. Claims that women have been raped and tortured have been accompanied by damning photos of naked corpses discarded in the street. Trench-like dugouts filled with body bags, and reports of deceased civilians crushed by Russian tanks, have caused fury at the prospect that Putin might still achieve peace with Ukraine and the West. DON'T MISS: Taiwan warns West - China threat has not gone away [REPORT] China accused of cyberattack as Putin and Xi Jinping ‘colluding’ be... [REVEAL] China plotting to exploit Russia 'template' to expand in Indo-Pacific [INSIGHT] But US President Joe Biden yesterday called for Putin to be tried for war crimes, adding that “this guy is brutal”. After visiting the besieged village of Bucha yesterday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky decried the actions of the Russian military as “concentrated evil”. Guarded by tight security, Zelensky seemed visibly disturbed by the aftermath of the scenes in the small village and vowed that “every crime of the occupiers on the territory of our state” would be investigated. Britain followed this up by condemning the “whole new world of horror” brought about by Putin and made renewed calls for a global response, including tougher sanctions on both banks and oil supplies.