Can you believe it’s been 17 years since the last set of James Bond auditions took place? Back in 2005, Daniel Craig beat Henry Cavill to being cast in the 007 franchise reboot Casino Royale. Had the latter been chosen we’d have had a Bond in his early 20s. Nevertheless, Cavill took another route up the Hollywood A-list, now being best known for starring as Superman and The Witcher. At 38-years-old, he’s a good age for playing Bond next and given he’s a former auditionee could well be within his favour. In fact, he’s tried his hand at spy franchises in The Man From U.N.C.L.E., Mission: Impossible – Fallout and the upcoming Argylle. The latest bookies’ odds from Ladbrokes have the hunk now twice as likely to play Bond next compared to fellow favourite Tom Hardy. Ladbrokes said: “Both names have been the subject of major interest over the past few months, but Henry Cavill is currently twice as likely as Tom Hardy to replace Daniel Craig as 007, as far as the odds are concerned.” Cavill’s odds are currently at 4-1, compared to the Venom star, 44, who is further back on 8-1. However, the Superman actor is only in second place being behind the No 1 favourite with bookies, Bridgerton star Regé-Jean Page. The 34-year-old only made one series of the hit Netflix period drama before focusing on Hollywood movies. In fact, he’s set to star in a reboot of The Saint, playing the same character Roger Moore did before he was cast as Bond, so you never know where it might take him. Other highlights in the latest odds include Aidan Turner on 7-1, while there’s a trio on 10-1 in Cillian Murphy, James Norton and Michael Fassbender. With No Time To Die out the way and this year marking the 60th anniversary of the James Bond film franchise, perhaps a new 007 will be announced later this year. Our best bet would be for some news on October 5, Global James Bond Day, marking 60 years since Dr No first hit cinemas. DON'T MISSJames Bond's tombstone unveiled by Prime Minister where he died WATCH [JAMES BOND DEATH]Nicolas Cage never forgot Sean Connery advice after Disney dropped him [SEAN CONNERY]James Bond: Timothy Dalton’s ‘slanging match’ on Licence To Kill set [TIMOTHY DALTON] The odds are fun speculation but should be taken with a pinch of salt given that 007 producer Barbara Broccoli has said she’s yet to start thinking deeply about Bond 26. However, the 61-year-old did admit that how it works is she and her team will sit down and work out what sort of tone for the next reboot they’d like to go for. And only after that will they then search for the right actor to fit it. Broccoli also said in the past that the next Bond will definitely be a man, but they’re open to any ethnicity.