Children often love chocolate eggs sold in supermarkets at Easter. Chocolate can, however, be bad for one’s teeth, so it is worth considering the healthiest options. Experts at Expressdentist.com have researched which Easter eggs are healthiest – and unhealthiest – for children. The experts have revealed that the Green & Black’s egg is the healthiest, with only 29g of sugar per 100g, allowing for a higher cacao content and also making it the best choice for teeth. Ferrero eggs were the second best eggs for children – the Ferrero Collection egg has 39.9g of sugar and the Ferrero Rocher, in third place, has 41.8g of sugar. However, these eggs have a high nut content so parents with younger children must be wary of any large pieces. READ MORE: Aldi shoppers praised £7 face cream for 'youthful' results In fourth place is the Lindt with Mint Truffles with 42g of sugar, and the Lindt Salted Caramel egg is the same. The Cadbury Chocolate Fingers Easter egg is next with 45g of sugar, and Nestlé’s Kit Kat Chunky Biscoff egg has 45.5g. The Cadbury Caramel Easter egg has 47g of sugar, while Mars’ Bounty egg has 48g. Hershey’s Cookies and Crème egg also has 48g of sugar per 100g.  As for the worst Easter eggs for low sugar content, both Galaxy Rippe and Galaxy Minstrels Easter eggs hold the top spot, with a whopping 68g of sugar per 100g in each egg. The Smarties Easter egg takes second place with 65.35g of sugar per 100g. This is over 10g more than the average sugar content across other popular Easter eggs. In third place is the M&M's Salted Caramel egg with 65g of sugar per 100g. Caramel is pure sugar, and so it is unsurprising that it places in the top rankings for high sugar content. Following closely behind are Nestlé’s Smarties Orange, with 64.9g, and Mars’ White Chocolate Twix, with 62g, respectively ranking in fourth and fifth. The full lists of the best and worst Easter eggs for children are below. Healthiest Easter eggs Green & Black’s Dark Chocolate Ferrero Collection Ferrero Rocher Lindt with Mint Truffles Lindt Salted Caramel Chocolate Fingers Kit Kat Chunky Biscoff Kit Kat Chunky Salted Caramel After Eight Cadbury Caramel Bounty Hershey’s Cookies & Crème Unhealthiest Easter eggs Galaxy Ripple Galaxy Minstrels Smarties M&M’s Salted Caramel Smarties Orange Twix White Chocolate