So if you’re an online shopper this is one for you. If you’re expecting a parcel or parcels then watch out. You are unlikely to know who is going to deliver your parcel so if you get a text saying a parcel is being delayed because there is an outstanding fee then your first reach is to click on the link. Do you have a question for our scam experts? Please email personal.finance@reachplc.com and include the word "scam watch" in the subject line. Unfortunately, we can't respond to every email. Don’t do it! Firstly, in the past, if a web address contained https, it meant the site is secure. But nowadays even a site that starts with https can be still run by scammers, so you can’t trust https any longer to mean it is not a scam. Secondly, if you visit the website, it looks just like the parcel delivery firm, usually the Royal Mail. The site will ask you to add in your card and address details. READ MORE: 'Cruel' scams ripping off Britons appear to come from friends' or family numbers This is so the scammers can get your bank details to be able to take payments. The scam relies on you not knowing whom the parcel is coming from. A variant of the scam uses customs delivery charges, which you now pay for all incoming parcels arriving from outside of the UK. The best source of advice on the scams type is the Royal Mail website. It lists several scams and what they look like. See here. If you get a request for payment, we recommend you go to the delivery firm’s website via Google and whatever you do, don’t click on any link received. DON'T MISSUrgent energy bills scam phone call warning [SHOCK] Ukraine crisis shock: Disgusting scammers set up fake charities [WARNING] Households 'fall victim' to £150 council tax rebate fraud [UK] Which is the best bank account for scams prevention? Scambusters say: Banks often pick up the bill for scams. The data on the percentage of claims for scams refunded by the banks is not published but TSB has a 100 percent refund policy for scams. Consider becoming a Scam Marshal. A Scam Marshal is any resident in the UK who has been targeted by a scam and now wants to fight back and take a stand against scams. Scam Marshals do this by sharing their own experiences, helping others to report and recognise scams, and sending any scam mail that they receive to the National Trading Standards Scams Team so that it can be utilised as evidence in future investigative and enforcement work. This work by Scam Marshals plays a huge role in helping to stop the scam mail altogether. We need you. STOP others being a cybercrime victim by reporting scams and suspicious emails. Forward the scam email to report@phishing.gov.uk. Use Rightly to stop fraudsters sharing your data exposing you to scams. Last week's scam warning column addressed a shocking clairvoyant scam. This type of malicious fraud plays "on fear and on social isolation", according to scam experts. Psychic and clairvoyant scams happen when a criminal writes you an email, a letter or may call you to tell you they have seen something either wonderful or terrible in your future. The criminal will ask for money to provide more information, luck, or good fortune to get you through the wonderful or terrible thing.