A gang of youths had clashed with security at Bootle Fair in Merseyside last night when a young man was kicked out on suspicion of assault. Police attended to remove the teenagers but were hit with bricks and bottles. One officer suffered minor injuries while two police cars were damaged in the fracas. Police detained the 15-year-old female, from Runcorn, Cheshire, on suspicion of assaulting a police officer, criminal damage to a police vehicle and a public order offence. A 21-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of criminal damage to a police vehicle. Both were taken into custody and have been questioned by police, reports Liverpool Echo.  Extensive enquiries into the incident are now ongoing and anyone with any information is asked to contact police. Sefton Community Policing Chief Inspector Tracie Trubshaw said: "We simply will not tolerate such appalling violence and anti-social behaviour in our communities and, while we have made several arrests, our extensive enquiries into the incident last night continue. This type of reckless behaviour not only puts the safety of officers at risk but also the safety of the public.  "Such antisocial behaviour and attacks on emergency service workers whilst carrying out their duties is unacceptable and we are working to identify and deal with those involved. I would ask parents and carers - do you know what your children are up to when they are out? "Please speak to them to prevent a repeat of this type of behaviour and the risk of somebody being seriously injured. I would like to reassure the community that going forward, we also have a number of options available to tackle such behaviour, including dispersal zones. Where we receive reports of anti-social behaviour, we will not hesitate to take action. "If you witnessed the incident last night or have any information then please don’t hesitate to get in touch. Whether you let us know directly or anonymously, through Crimestoppers, let us know and we will take action."  Anyone with information on this incident is asked to contact us @MerPolCC or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 with reference 22000249204. To report any crime, always contact 999 in an emergency. Alternatively, you can DM @MerPolCC, call 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111 or via their online form at: https://crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information.