The HGV driver tackled Just Stop Oil protesters who climbed on top of his tanker. The protestors had targetted the wrong tanker, as the vehicle was transporting chemicals, rather than oil. The driver was seen dragging activists off the vehicle and onto the ground at Grays Inter Terminal, in Essex, on Friday morning.  The owner of the RD Baker haulage firm, Rhydian David Baker spoke about the incident and said: "I don't understand why they have targeted my company because I don't transport oil. "I'm not happy about it. "It is a chemical tanker. "My driver called me and said they jumped on top of the tanker and broke off the number plates.   "And they cut my airline, it is disgusting." Just Stop Oil targeted three oil terminals on Friday morning, with Warwickshire police confirming that 12 arrests were made at Kingsbury terminal, near Staffordshire. The group is affiliated with Extinction Rebellion and in a video posted on the group's social media accounts, one member claimed they were "surfing" on top of an oil tanker at the Navigator Oil terminal, in Thurrock. One member said: "We have climbed onto this tanker. It was terrifying.   "We are going to stay here until we are physically removed. "It saddens me that this is the action we have to take to actually be listened to. We are calling on the Government to end all new licensing and development and production of all new fossil fuels." Just Stop Oil has said that immediate action needs to be taken to reduce carbon emissions to halt the most devastating consequences of global warming. The organisation state that society cannot "carry on emitting today and hope at some future date huge carbon sucking technology will solve the problem". READ MORE: How Camilla slapped down 'pompous' Charles over gin and tonic demand  On the juststopoil.org website, they state that "carbon is already killing us today, and yet global emissions are still rising". The environmental group demand, "the UK government makes a statement that it will immediately halt all future licensing and consents for the exploration, development and production of fossil fuels in the UK". They argue that Downing Street need to take the lead to "end our reliance on fossil fuels completely: by powering ahead with renewables and reducing the demand for energy". The added: "This can be done by insulating Britain and rethinking how we travel, by ensuring that no one is left behind and everyone’s voice is heard." DON'T MISS:Best pictures of Princess Anne's royal tour so far [PICTURES]Prince Charles will step in for Queen at Maundy Service [INSIGHT]Are Kate, Meghan and Camilla princesses? Royal title rules explained [EXPLAINER] 