Millions of British holidaymakers could be forced to cancel their summer getaways as passport delays turn into "shambles". One expert told GB News that the "government has to sort this shambles out as a matter of urgency". This comes as chaos at the Passport Office causes severe delays in the processing of travel documents. GB News Home Affairs and Security Editor Mark White said: "Millions of Brits are desperate to get away this summer after two years of Covid lockdowns. "The dream of foreign beaches are fast becoming a nightmare. "Huge demand post-Covid has tripled the normal processing time for many. "Pre-pandemic it took three weeks to process passports, now they are warning delays of ten weeks." JUST IN: Ben Wallace in remarkable John Prescott remark in row over porn  Prior to the pandemic, there were seven million passports issued each year. However, the Passport Office has predicted that this year could see more than 9.5 million passport applications. The Passport Office has hired 500 extra workers to deal with the chaos but many have accused them "of failing to prepare properly for a foreseeable surge in demand". MPs have warned constituents face missing out on weddings, funerals, and job opportunities.  One travel expert told GB News: "We have one person who, if they don't get their passport this week, will miss out on a job they secured in America. "We have another who missed her holiday and just managed to make it to her uncle's wedding. "Another person has just had to cancel their holiday because they waited 13 weeks for their passport. "From the perspective of the Government, they have to sort this shambles out as a matter of urgency." DON'T MISS: Ashworth hits out over state pension triple lock amid cost of living [INTERVIEW]Royal 'precedent' which could see Andrew snubbed from Jubilee balcony [VIDEO]Brexit LIVE: UK to unlock 'tens of billions' in major escape from EU [LIVE BLOG]  GB News' Mark White added: "The last thing the Prime Minister wants is a growing backlash from a public unable to get their passports in time." Around five million passports expired during the lockdown. Adding to the crisis, post-Brexit EU travel rules mean Britons must have at least three months of validity remaining on their passports. Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab said the UK would do "everything we can" to speed up the process but he could not guarantee whether people would not be forced to cancel flights. 