Catherine LeMay fell victim to a cruel scam emptying her and her children’s accounts of their entire life savings. BBC anchor Emily Maitlis revealed this week that she too had almost fallen victim to the very same scam.  Mrs LeMay, from Glasgow, has shared how she fell victim to a scam, warning others to be on their guard. The mum said she was rushing because she was flustered by the school run and quickly responded to a text pretending to be from Royal Mail about a missed parcel. After clicking on the link to rebook it she thought nothing more of it and carried on with her day. She told The Herald: “I looked again at the website and realised it was a replica and quickly phoned Santander to cancel my card.” READ MORE: NS&I announces Premium Bonds jackpot winners for April 2022 The mum continued: “The card hadn’t been used so I was fairly calm at this point.” Two days later she received a call from someone pretending to be from Santander’s fraud squad. When she asked if he was genuinely from the bank, he asked her to go onto the internet and check the phone number. Mrs LeMay explained: “It was indeed a Santander number.” DON'T MISS:'Thank you!' Martin Lewis saves man £492 a year on his Sky TV bill [INSIGHT]State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less [WARNING]State pension: Six increases will take place from next month [UPDATE] Scams are becoming increasingly sophisticated with fraudsters going to extreme lengths to convince their victims that they are genuine. The mum added: “He stayed on the phone for over an hour telling me about the parcel ‘Fishing Scam’ that 36,000 people across the UK have been hit by, including me.” After convincing her he was trying to help, she moved all the family’s savings into a ‘safe account’ where it promptly disappeared. Thankfully, Santander has since agreed to replace the funds she’s lost. On its website Santander said: “While there’s no one-size-fits-all approach when it comes to protecting yourself from fraudulent activity, we’ve put together a list of things that can help you spot and avoid fraud and scams. “Always think carefully before making a payment, especially if it’s a lot of money for you. Speak to someone you trust first, like a friend or family member, before making payments. “Pay extra attention to the warnings we provide when making a payment. “They’re in place to help you bank safely and avoid being scammed." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Santander also said: Customers can contact Santander on 0800 9 123 123 and report it to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.