The This Morning presenter got diagnosed with breast cancer last summer and had to undergo a mastectomy. During her ITV documentary Julia Bradbury: Breast Cancer and Me, the 51-year-old shared her journey with viewers, who got to witness Julia's diagnosis, to the moment she had the gruelling operation to have the cancer and her breast removed. The mum of two broke down in tears throughout the programme as she came to terms with her diagnosis. She also shared her fears of not being there for her children if the cancer did ever return. During one segment, Julia showed viewers her breast implant following her operation. As she inspected the area, she admitted to losing the feeling around her breast and in her fingertips. READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' "I haven't wanted to look at my breast while it was still very angry and sore," she admitted. "Of course, I have showered and I've caught a glimpse of this and that but I haven't stood front on in a mirror because I wanted it to be when I felt emotionally ready. "And when I felt that I some time physically to heal." "It's my new boob," Julia sighed as she took off her bra. "Ok, well it looks like a boob." "It just looks like a big lumpy boob," she continued as she felt the area around her breast. "I don't feel that at all, it might come back one day the sensation, but strangely I can't feel my fingertips." Julia sobbed as she told viewers before the operation her breasts were "small but perfectly formed". She later added: "I can't sleep very well, it doesn't seem to matter what time you go to bed or how tired you are." DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [VIDEO]Sharon Osbourne forced to miss The Talk as Ozzy falls ill  [NEWS]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [INSIGHT] As she filmed in the dark, Julia said: "3am seems to be the witching hour, just aching really...it's just a dull ache, nothing too bad just enough to make you uncomfortable." After watching Julia's emotional journey, viewers took to social media to praise the TV presenter. Others also admitted to shedding a tear as they witnessed Julia have her operation. Allison Alderton wrote: "Watching @JuliaBradbury #breastcancerandme What a moving inspiring brave lady. So much respect for your openness. You will undoubtedly have helped so many women who are going through a similar experience. X" (sic) Sheila penned: "Very emotional watching @JuliaBradbury #breastcancerandme. Wishing you all the luck in the world for a full recovery. Very brave lady." (sic) While Penny Irvine added: "Tears running down my face, I'm a club member too. " "Gosh this is so moving," Rachael tweeted, while Suz commented: "I can’t imagine being told you have breast cancer then telling your children & family. Thinking of @JuliaBradbury #breastcancerandme." Gary went on to praise: "@JuliaBradbury #breastcancerandme the courage and bravery you and many women have faced and to do a documentary so raw and real. "I don’t think you realise how much awareness and the lives you will have saved from doing this! sending hugs from Ireland." (sic) Julia Bradbury: Breast Cancer and Me is available to watch on the ITV Hub.