A young Jack Russell terrier, who works with Ukraine’s Center for Strategic Communications and Information Security, has built up an adoring fan base. This came after the State Emergency Service (SES) of Ukraine announced that the dog, named Patron, had "helped defuse nearly 90 explosive devices since the beginning of the full-scale invasion". Sharing Patron's success to their Facebook page, the SES added: "One day, Patron's story will be turned into a film, but for now, he is faithfully performing his professional duties." Express.co.uk readers praised the two-year-old terrier for his "brave" actions, with one saying he "obviously has more sensitivity than Putin". The reader, named Jackoby, added: "Sad that a small dog can gain such respect, when the Russian leader has so little!!" Another added: "He is so beautiful. Love him." Meanwhile, Kat Moi said: "I always want this little hero to be safe". A fourth reader, Spiderfly, called him "small but brave", adding: "Go on little chap do your thing". A user nicknamed Paradox2 also praised Patron, writing: "Well done little fella, a loyal and trusted friend." The terrier, who has been branded "the mascot of Chernihiv", works with SES rescuers in Chernihiv, in the north of Ukraine. They shared pictures of the dog to their Facebook page on Tuesday, calling him "our pyrotechnic dog Patron, who is loved by both adults and children". READ MORE: Putin humiliated by DOG who helps diffuse dozens of hidden explosives Patron is not only a hit with Express.co.uk readers - he also has fans across Ukraine, shown by the dozens of illustrations of the hero dog drawn by people across the country. Sharing the artwork to their Facebook page, the SES said: "Our brave baby Patron has inspired an incredible number of gifted artists and we are incredibly happy for that. "It motivates not to give up no matter how hard it is, to keep the bar high and to fight with new strength, knowing how many people are still waiting for help and how many people believe in us. "Our Patron doesn't let his feet down either and sends his gratitude to everyone. DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated by DOG who helps diffuse dozens of hidden explosives [INSIGHT] 'Morons support it' Russian tycoon condemns Putin's 'insane' war [REACTION] Putin's nightmare exposed as thousands of Russians flee [REVEAL] "Great heroes don't necessarily have to be great. "Therefore believe in your strength, in our defenders, in our Victory." This comes as Ukraine continues to put up a fierce resistance against the Russian invasion, which began on February 24 2022. But Russian forces have reportedly begun a renewed offensive to seize the East of Ukraine. Earlier this week, the Ukrainian President announced Moscow had launched the anticipated offensive to take the Donbas region. In a video address, he said: "Now we can already state that the Russian troops have begun the battle for the Donbas, for which they have been preparing for a long time." He said a "significant part of the entire Russian army is now concentrated on this offensive". But Mr Zelensky added: "No matter how many soldiers are driven there, we will defend ourselves. "We will fight. We will not give up anything Ukrainian."