Everton boss Frank Lampard has been questioned for his tactical decisions after his Toffees side whimpered to yet another Premier League loss under his control in a 2-1 defeat at West Ham on Sunday.  Lampard's men travelled to east London knowing a win would move them six points clear of Watford in the relegation battle as the Premier League enters the 'business end' of the season. However, goals from Aaron Cresswell and Jarrod Bowen consigned them to a fourth loss in five games, with defensive mistakes galore failing to help their cause. Bowen's strike came from a catalogue of errors, leaving Lampard disgruntled on the sideline as he watched on in disbelief. Relegation is now a real threat for the Toffees, who have earned just 12 points in the league since the start of October. But Lampard has come under a lot of pressure from pundit Jamie O'Hara, who said that despite Everton's 'shambolic' defending, Lampard had to take responsibility for taking off Dominic Calvert-Lewin whilst chasing the game. "It was absolutely shocking," O'Hara said on Sky Sports. JUST IN: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds "I mean, if I'm Frank Lampard in the dressing room after the game and I've watched that second goal back, I want to get them by the scruff of the neck. Honestly! The defending is absolutely shambolic. They've just got themselves back in the game, a massive goal. All you do is get rid of it, you can't score from row Z. For five to 10 minutes, just get rid of the ball. "Michael Keane tries to step in, [Alex] Iwobi gives it away, and both of them [Everton's centre-backs] are out of position which puts [Michail] Antonio in. You can't play in the Premier League like that and expect to win games, and Lampard should be saying to his centre-halves 'when you score a goal, just turn it for the next five to 10 minutes, you are in a relegation battle'. "Lampard as well, the decision he made to take [Dominic] Calvert-Lewin off, I didn't understand it. Why would you take off a player who can score a goal when you're losing the game?" Calvert-Lewin came back to the fore at the turn of the year after suffering a fractured toe against Brighton in August. DON'T MISS Gary Lineker threatens to block Match of the Day Twitter account over Man Utd post[SOCIAL]Newcastle plotting Arnaut Danjuma swap transfer with Miguel Almiron [GOSSIP]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has four glaring problems to solve after Brentford loss[COMMENT] He had scored in his first three league fixtures of the season to carry on his superb form from last season. However, the Sheffield-born star has failed to score in any of his eight league games since - leaving the Toffees short of goals and fans undeniably concerned. The Toffees travel Burnley on Wednesday in a relegation six-pointer against Sean Dyche's men, with the Clarets just four points behind their opponents.