The BBC's failure to honour its commitment to free licences for over-75s has led to nearly 4.5 million households paying up. They have been forced to fork out £159 a year to watch TV despite the soaring cost of living crisis with inflation, council tax, and energy prices all soaring. In 2015 negotiations on the BBC's future, the corporation agreed a deal with he Government to take responsibility for funding free TV licences for pensioners from 2020. However, the broadcaster then announced its intention to scrap the perk for all those not in receipt of pension credit. It warned that keeping the licence fee free for all over-75s would cost £745million a year. Analysis by the Labour Party indicates there are 5.3 million households with at least one person living there who is over-75 and would have previously been automatically entitled to a free licence. READ MORE: Ex-BBC chief says licence fee should be topped up with subscription However, fewer than 890,000 households have someone receiving Pension Credit, with the rest made to cough up for watching TV. The BBC has always said it has struck the "fairest" balance possible to protect its future while also offering free licences to those in most need. A BBC spokesman said at the time the decision to scrap automatic free licences was made: "We’ve reached the fairest decision we can in funding free TV licences for the poorest pensioners, while protecting BBC services. "If the BBC funded all TV licences for the over-75s it would mean the closure of BBC Two, BBC Four, the BBC News Channel, the BBC Scotland channel, Radio 5 Live, and several local radio stations." However, following the release of its new analysis, the Labour Party is blaming the Conservatives. They point to the Tory Party's 2017 election manifesto which promised to maintain free licences for the rest of that Parliament. DON'T MISS:BBC licence fee: Tory MP Julia Lopez comes out fighting for TV rebels [UPDATE]TV licence: How to get a refund on the £159 BBC licence fee [INSIGHT]Andrew Neil says BBC must scrap TV licence for new model [REACTION] The Parliament was due to run for five years before an early election was called in 2019. Shadow culture secretary Lucy Powell told the Mirror: “The Tory cost-of-living crisis is hitting pensioners. "On top of rising energy bills and food prices, many will not be able to afford to keep the TV on - risking isolation and loneliness in old age." Dennis Reed, director at the Silver Voices which campaigns on matters impacting over 60-year-olds, warned the cost of living crisis would leave many forced to give up paying for a TV licence, cutting them off from the world. He said: "The Tory broken promise on free TV licences is heaping worry upon worry for older people as we try to negotiate the cost-of-living storm. "Thousands are giving up their main connection to the world outside because they can't afford to pay the £159 fee, or flirting with fines by putting off payment. “It will cut off poor pensioners from information and entertainment at a time when they will need it more than ever. “Ministers should hang their heads in shame having broken solemn promises." A Government spokesman said: "The BBC should be supporting people affected by its decision to stop funding free licence fees for the over-75s and treat them with the utmost sensitivity. "To support families in the face of rising living costs, we have frozen the cost of a licence fee for two years, are increasing the threshold in which National Insurance Contributions are made, reducing fuel duty by 5p per litre and providing £500million through the Household Support Fund."