Brooklyn Beckham is the son of a British power couple: the iconic former professional footballer David Beckham and Spice Girls singer Victoria Beckham. At only 23 years old, Brooklyn is already a multimillionaire. According to Celebrity Net Worth, Brooklyn Beckham is worth an impressive $10million. This is equal to around £7.6million. He is most famous for being the eldest son of Victoria and David Beckham, who have an astonishing combined net worth of $450million. This works out at around £345.6million. READ MORE: Body language signs Princess Eugenie is not ‘Team Cambridge’ The former England player now co-owns Inter Miami CF, which has been valued at between $600million and $650 million (£460.8million and £499.2million). But despite his incredibly famous parents, Brooklyn Beckham is also a star in his own right. He started modelling in 2014 and has appeared in big names such as Vogue China, Miss Vogue, Interview, L'Uomo Vogue, T: The New York Times Style Magazine and Dazed Korea. He quickly became passionate about life behind the camera as well and turned his hand to photography. At 16 years old, Brooklyn photographed a campaign for British luxury fashion house Burberry. While it was a huge accomplishment for someone so young, leading photographers flocked to express their annoyance at the decision to hire Brooklyn. Fashion photographer Chris Floyd told The Guardian that Burberry’s decision to employ someone so inexperienced was a “devaluation of photography”. He continued that Brooklyn's easy jump to fame went "against everything his parents represent", and that he was hired because of his huge Instagram following, although he appreciated that this move would appeal to a younger generation interested in the clothing. Last year, Brooklyn turned his hand to the culinary arts and filmed cookery series Cookin’ With Brooklyn, stating in the trailer: "I’m going to work my a*** off and see where I get. I’m getting goosebumps about it, but I’m so excited.” The show also received criticism, with a source claiming that an eight-minute video of Brooklyn making a sandwich cost $100,000 (around £76,800) to make. It is younger brother Romeo Beckham who is the highest earning sibling. At just 19 years old, the second of four children has a reported $5million (around £3.8million) in the bank, according to Celebrity Net Worth. He was reportedly paid £1.2million to be the global face of Puma, and was formerly the face of Burberry too. While Brooklyn certainly leads a lavish lifestyle, it's certainly about to get even more extravagant, as his new bride Nicola Peltz has even more money than him. The actress and model, known for her roles in Bates Motel and Transformers: Age of Extinction, has a cool $50million (around £38.4million) in the bank. She is the daughter of Nelson Peltz, whose is one of the richest men in America and 1,931st richest man in the world, according to Forbes. Nelson is a founding partner of Trian Fund Management, L.P, a multi-billion dollar asset management firm. However, the pair were thought to have signed an epic prenup ahead of their nuptials.