Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has admitted he is 'not happy' with his team's result against Leicester on Saturday after a 1-1 draw dealt yet another blow to their Champions League qualification hopes. Fred's equaliser cancelled out Kelechi Iheanacho's opener, but the Red Devils could not grab a winner, dropping more points against Brendan Rodgers' men to leave themselves a mountain to climb for the rest of the season. The Red Devils now sit three points behind Arsenal having played two games more, and the Gunners have come into their best form this season with six wins from their last seven games. Rangnick has just eight games to save United's season, and they still have to face Liverpool, Chelsea and Mikel Arteta's men before the campaign ends in late May. And the German has admitted he is not happy with the result in what was a must-win game. "The second half was the better one, we were struggling to find the rhythm in the first half possibly because of the international break," Rangnick said. "We gave away a goal on a transitional moment but the reaction after was good and scored a goal. In the end we were not happy with the result but the second half was OK. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'did not have high expectations' as side battered by Chelsea  "In the last 15 minutes we tried to score a goal but in this game we did not score the late goal. We don't have the offensive players and even Jesse Lingard was feeling sick. The only one we had was Marcus Rashford. We knew this morning Cristiano Ronaldo could not play and decided to start Paul Pogba." A front three of Anthony Elanga, Jadon Sancho and Bruno Fernandes were largely ineffective against a resilient Foxes defence. But despite their offensive frailties, Rangnick could not fault the performance of his defensive stars with under-fire captain Harry Maguire earning particular praise. "Harry Maguire had a flawless game defensively and offensively," he continued. "He prefers to play on the left side but I decided he should play on the right after seeing him for England and as a right-footed player it makes it easy to play." DON'T MISSMo Salah will do 'everything on his part' to join Barcelona as Liverpool issue 'threat'Man Utd likely to do four things in potential Erik ten Hag announcementMan Utd will go against 'Ralf Rangnick's recommendation' if Erik ten Hag is snubbed  United face a beleaguered Everton side on April 9 in what is a huge game at both ends of the table. The Toffees are in dire need of a win given they sit just three points clear of the relegation zone. And Rangnick will look to pounce on their poor form in a bid to reignite the tiny flicker of hope that continues to burn on at Old Trafford. 