Arsenal have been handed a boost in their pursuit of Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus as it has emerged that talks have not yet begun over a new contract. The Gunners are desperate to add a new forward to their ranks and Jesus is top of Mikel Arteta's list of targets. Jesus has been identified as a potential signing by sporting director Edu Gaspar, who knows the player well from his time working with the Brazil setup. And according to reports, Arsenal will approach Man City regarding a move for the 25-year-old at the end of the season. The Brazilian is out of contract in 14 months' time and will be able to speak to clubs about a free transfer in January 2023. That is despite his recent goalscoring heroics, where he scored an incredible four goals against Watford and grabbed another against Real Madrid in the Champions League semi-final first leg. READ MORE: Arsenal's pursuit of Jesus proves Arteta's 'process' is working  Arteta is on the lookout for a new face to lead the line with doubts over Alexandre Lacazette's long-term future at the club, although Eddie Nketiah's recent form has provided some encouragement. Football.london reports that City star Jesus is on the club's shortlist of names to sign a striker and Edu has been locked in discussions with Jesus' representatives to discuss a potential move to the Emirates Stadium. His efforts to recruit Jesus will no doubt have been improved by the idea that City have not entered into talks with Jesus and his agent over a new contract yet. And if nothing changes in that regard, Arsenal could pounce by launching a cut-price swoop for the versatile attacker. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'put £84m offer on table' for Arsenal target OsimhenArsenal to watch Abraham ‘up close’ as Roma set asking priceArteta's Arsenal rebuild takes new twist as Lille outline David terms  The striker, who cost £27million from Palmeiras in January 2016, was earmarked as a long-term replacement for Sergio Aguero. But Pep Guardiola has found a different role for Jesus, deploying him on the right side of his front three rather than through the middle. However, his place in the side has come under threat following the signing of £100m man Jack Grealish and emergence of Phil Foden, with Jesus making just 17 starts in the Premier League. Despite his lack of minutes on the pitch, he has managed to score 12 goals in all competitions, but he may want more reassurances of his playing time before thinking about committing to anew deal. When asked about whether he will stay and fight for his place at the Etihad Stadium, Jesus refused to be drawn on what the future holds for his career. “I think it's not time to think about this. I think you expect me to say this, but it's true," he said. "Now is the best moment of the season, I want to enjoy it, to keep focused on my team, with my team-mates to fight for the Premier League." 