Politics expert Sir John Curtice has called for the Prime Minister to replace Chancellor Rishi Sunak with his predecessor Sajid Javid. In an interview with GB News, the professor of politics argued the current Secretary of State for Health and Social Care would be an ample replacement amid cries for Sunak to resign. The Chancellor has experienced turbulent support following recent scandal surrounding his ‘partygate’ fine and his wife’s non-domicile tax status. Sir John was adamant the Prime Minister should “put to bed” previous qualms with Javid and appoint him as Chancellor of the Exchequer to avoid criticism of instability in the Tory Government.    “If the Prime Minister was minded to remove Rishi Sunak for anybody, then one potential contender is Sajid Javid” claimed Sir John Curtice. The current Health Secretary previously served as Chancellor of the Exchequer under Johnson’s leadership between 2019 and 2020. Following a refusal to dismiss his aides during a cabinet reshuffle, Javid resigned from the position. Sir John Curtice, currently acting as Professor of Politics at Strathclyde University declared “the particular row that led to Javid originally resigning seems now to have been put to bed.” The professor assured Brits “Javid is certainly no fiscal liberal,” and would be a more than adequate candidate for chancellor. READ MORE: Boris Johnson did not flout Covid rules with ‘malice' Sir John highlighted the appointment of Javid would quash criticism surrounding the Prime Minister’s apparent inability to establish a stable leader of the Treasury. He speculated, “maybe going back to Sajid Javid is one move Boris Johnson could make that would not expose him to criticism that he loses chancellors.” If Sajid Javid were to resign, he would be the second chancellor to do so since Boris Johnson came to power in mid 2019. The politics professor claims a return to Javid as Chancellor would suppress rumours the Prime Minister “falls out with his chancellors all rather too often.” Read more: Boris Johnson did not flout Covid rules with ‘malice' Chancellor Rishi Sunak has faced calls from opposition MPs to resign after he received a fixed penalty notice for violating lockdown rules. The fine related to the Prime Minister’s birthday gathering held in Downing Street on the 19th June 2020. The Prime Minister and his wife Carrie Johnson have also received fines following a Met Police investigation. Labour Leader Sir Keir Starmer has claimed Rishi Sunak and Boris Johnson “must both resign,” as their actions have “dishonoured” the nation. Sunak has offered an “unreserved apology” for his behaviour during lockdown and explained he deeply regrets “the frustration and anger” caused by ‘partygate’. Don't miss:Queen should NOT sack Boris Johnson [POLL RESULTS]It’s Rishi’s tax strategy that riles us Tory voters [COMMENT]Sajid Javid: We must shield disabled people from cost of living crisis [REPORT] The penalty notice builds upon widespread criticism of the Chancellor amid revelations of his wife’s non-domicile tax status. Akshata Murthy, the Chancellor’s wife, is estimated to have swerved £20m in income tax as a benefit of her non-dom status which exempts foreign income. Since information of her tax status emerged, Murthy has announced she will revoke her non-dom status and pay UK income tax rates moving forward. The shocking reports coincided with a 1.25% rise in national insurance and a sharp spike in energy prices under the Chancellor.   