Boxing advisor Daniel Kinahan has been named as part of an organised crime group accused of smuggling cocaine and 'heinous crimes'. Kinahan founded boxing promotion company MTK Global in 2012. In the past, Kinahan has acted as an adviser for world champion fighters Billy Joe Saunders and Tyson Fury. The promotion company he founded a decade ago, MTK Global, manages fellow top fighters Josh Taylor and Michael Conlan, although the organisation no longer has ties with Kinahan. The 44-year-old, along with his father and brother, has been placed on an Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) list by the US Treasury Department. Four other key members named as part of the organised crime group have also been put on the list. A £3.8million reward has been offered up by the US Department of State for information leading to the disruption of the group which has been accused of committing 'heinous crimes' by US Ambassador to Ireland Claire Cronin. Brian E Nelson, the Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, said: "The Kinahan Organised Crime Group (KOCG) smuggles deadly narcotics, including cocaine, to Europe, and is a threat to the entire licit economy through its role in international money laundering. "The KOCG emerged in the late 1990s and early 2000s as the most powerful organized crime group operating in Ireland. Since then, Irish courts have concluded that the KOCG is a murderous organization involved in the international trafficking of drugs and firearms. "Criminal groups like the KOCG prey on the most vulnerable in society and bring drug-related crime and violence, including murder, to the countries in which they operate." Kinahan has always denied that he is part of an organised crime group. In a press conference held by Garda Commissioner Drew Harris on Tuesday, it emerged that the Irish police had seized £6.3m in cash from the Kinahans since 2015, along with 48 firearms, 2,212 rounds of ammunition and almost £17m worth of drugs. Harris also called on athletes linked to the Kinahans to 'think of their fans and reputation', adding: "What was implicit is now explicit." The US sanctions, which have been imposed on three businesses as well as the three family members, mean that US banks and financial institutions can no longer work with the crime group members or affiliated businesses. Money held by the Kinahans in US banks or property may be blocked and reported to the OFAC, while those targeted by the sanctions are prohibited from flying on US airlines.