Brooklyn Beckham was wed to billionaire heiress Nicola Peltz on Saturday at a £76 million Miami mansion belonging to the bride's family - and his family were pride of place at the showbiz wedding of the century. Victoria Beckham pronounced herself and husband David a "proud mum and dad" as she revealed snaps of the pair hand in hand at the ceremony. Former footballer David Beckham could scarcely conceal his delight while the cameras rolled, grinning as he clutched his wife's hand. He wore a stylish black suit, after revealing in the days preceding the wedding that he'd been shopping for his outfit. Meanwhile Victoria strode purposefully alongside him, clad in a floor-length sparkling silver gown. "Proud mum and dad," Victoria wrote in view of her 29.6 million followers, before adding: "congratulations Mr & Mrs Beckham @brooklynpeltzbeckham @nicolaannepeltzbeckham". READ NOW: Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer The touching photos of herself and David also depicted guests in the background dabbing their eyes tearfully as Brooklyn and Nicola prepared to exchange their vows. The glamour-fuelled snaps of fashion designer Victoria and her family are being published by British Vogue. The bride notably decided against wearing a Victoria Beckham creation on her special day, instead choosing a Valentino gown. However it seems clear there are no hard feelings between them. In fact, in another photo published today of the bride and groom themselves, the Beckham matriarch gushed: "Welcome to the family!" Nicola replied with a "Thank you", showering her response with love heart emojis. The photos attracted more attention than the average post on Victoria's Instagram account, with photos of herself and David quickly gaining over half a million likes in a single hour. Meanwhile the snap she shared of Brooklyn and Nicola themselves racked up almost one and a half million likes. DON'T MISS: David Beckham holds Victoria’s hand as they watch son Brooklyn wed [UPDATE] Brooklyn Beckham's wedding guests from Gordon Ramsay to Eva Longoria [INSIGHT] Brooklyn Beckham's star-studded £3m wedding with heiress Nicola Peltz [PHOTOS]  The nuptials have set the families back £3 million - and no doubt part of that cost involved keeping the champagne flowing for the celebrity guests. Famous revellers included Eva Longoria, Gisele Bundchen, tennis champs Venus and Serena Williams, Madonna's son Rocco and Spice Girls Mels B and C. Emma Bunton raised eyebrows when she announced she wouldn't be coming just hours before the celebrations began, although she shared a sweet snap of herself and the newlyweds partying together on a previous occasion, while offering her best wishes on Instagram. Describing the pair as "beautiful souls", the singer also urged: "@victoriabeckham @davidbeckham try not to cry to much!! #happytears". In a saddening twist for Brooklyn, his godfather Elton John, whom Victoria reveres, was also unable to attend what had been tipped as the ultimate showbiz wedding of the decade. His farewell tour, marking the final time he will ever perform his music on a live stage, is currently in full swing, and he was due in Lexington, New York on the day of the wedding itself. However the luxurious bash still went ahead as planned, with Brooklyn's younger brothers Romeo and Cruz as best men and Harper, the baby of the Beckham family at age ten, as a bridesmaid.