Newcastle have been handed a surprise boost in their pursuit of Aaron Ramsey after Rangers reportedly ended their interest in signing him permanently. The Welshman arrived at Ibrox on loan in the January transfer window, but has started just seven games for them in that time. And he now looks set for another spell on the sidelines after suffering a hamstring injury in the Scottish Cup win over Celtic on Saturday. As a result of those issues, Corriere Dello Sport report that he is 'unlikely to be redeemed' by the reigning Scottish champions at the end of his loan from Juventus. It is stated that the midfielder had been hoping for a 'different impact' from his move to Glasgow, but his physical condition has 'slowed him down'. The injury he suffered against Celtic has 'seriously jeopardised' his chances of remaining at Ibrox beyond the end of the current campaign. Rangers are said to be 'skeptical' about his suitability for a challenging physical season in Scotland and so are unlikely to bring him back. Ramsey does still have another year to run on his contract at Juve, who will not find it 'easy' to send him to another club this summer. READ MORE: Newcastle switch transfer plans with Ivan Toney among two targets One potential option could be Newcastle, who were frequently linked with making a move for the Welshman in the January window. Eddie Howe could resurrect his interest in the summer when he looks to overhaul his Magpies squad. Rangers boss Giovanni van Bronckhorst had been questioned for not using Ramsey in the first leg of their Europa League quarter-final tie with Braga. Ramsey came into the side to play 80 minutes of the second leg, ahead of which Van Bronckhorst had insisted that the Welshman had qualities he could use, a stance that now appears to have changed. DON'T MISS: Alan Pardew set for management return after taking CSKA Sofia training (NEWS)Newcastle plan 'significant' Eriksen offer to beat Spurs and Brentford (TRANSFERS)Shearer angry with Newcastle's 'lack of drive' despite Wolves win (INSIGHT) “He has had a difficult period. He is playing more games lately for us and also for Wales. Of course we know his qualities. We have a lot of midfield players available now and this was the first game out of two in the quarter-final," the Rangers boss said last week. “It’s a busy period but the qualities of Aaron we can use. We know his quality and you see what is needed for games. You also have to do your game management and look a little bit ahead. That’s what we are doing right now. So Aaron, for sure, will have his game time.”