The future king looked adorable as he arrived with his younger sister Princess Charlotte, six at St George's Chapel in Windsor on Easter Sunday. The two children were decked out in their Easter finest for the service. The eight-year-old arrived wearing a smart suit as he joined his proud parents, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William for the outing. Meanwhile, Princess Charlotte twinned with Kate, as both royals wore blue dresses to the event. Royal fans reacted with excitement at the Cambridges' appearance at the service, with one Express.co.uk reader - nicknamed ExMilitaryExPat - describing the family as "simply flawless". Another, oak4, wrote: "Lovely outfit, lovely children, lovely husband." A third, Caribidus, said: "Although Her Majesty was unable to attend, I am sure she will have felt blessed by the younger members of the RF representing her in person. "The true RF are in safe hands." Meanwhile, Florrie50 described Kate as "class personified". This is the second public appearance for the young royals in just a few weeks after the two children attended their beloved great-grandfather Prince Philip’s memorial service at the end of March. Prince George and Princess Charlotte stole the nation’s hearts when they arrived hand-in-hand with their parents for the Westminster Abbey service to celebrate Philip's life, following his death aged 99 in April 2021. DON'T MISS: Queen will no longer attend events as public told to assume absence [INSIGHT]Kate dazzles as Duchess arrives at Easter Sunday service with William [PICTURES]Sophie Wessex stuns alongside Edward and Lady Louise [REVEAL] The occasion gave the youngest generation of royals the chance to remember their much-loved great-grandfather, after they were unable to attend his funeral due to Covid restrictions. George and Charlotte carried out traditional royal line-up duties, shaking hands with the clergy who bent down to speak to them. The young royals are currently enjoying an Easter break from their school Thomas’s Battersea. But George, eight, and six-year-old Charlotte were not joined by little brother Louis who at just three years old was seemingly deemed too young to attend the service. Princess Eugenie arrived at the event alongside Peter Phillips and his children Savannah and Isla. Zara and Mike Tindall also attended with their eldest daughter Mia. The Queen, however, was absent from the event. She has been suffering from mobility issues in recent weeks and announced that she would be unable to attend the festivities earlier this month.  The 95-year-old monarch also cancelled her attendance at the Maundy Thursday service, calling in Prince Charles to take her place. Prince Charles and Camilla were also absent from the service today.