Manchester United legend Dimitar Berbatov hopes that his former employers can rescue their top-four bid and qualify for next season's Champions League, but he has also acknowledged that a fundamental lack of goals could make life difficult. The Bulgarian experienced no such issues during his own stint at Old Trafford, scooping up two Premier League titles in a four-season stint. United stumbled to their second defeat in three games on Saturday as Everton ran out 1-0 winners at Goodison Park. It was another shock to the system for the Red Devils faithful who would have hoped for a more spirited performance against the Toffees, who are still in the midst of a relegation fight. Anthony Gordon's goal decided the game, making it the latest instalment in a frustrating period which has seen United fail to win by more than a one-goal margin for almost two months. Berbatov was quick to point out where his former side's weaknesses lie. "I think [the attack] is a bit short of options," he told the Man Utd official website, "Cristiano Ronaldo still can score goals and I'm pleased with everything he's doing so far. JUST IN: Kevin De Bruyne refuses to discuss chances of Man City vs Liverpool Champions League final    "Anthony Elanga is emerging on the scene and he's a great talent. I hope Marcus Rashford can find his footing and get into the form we know he has. He can score goals and terrorise defences. "I can agree we are not scoring enough goals to win the games. I can clearly remember, and Wes [Brown] can back me up here, when winning 1-0, 1-0, 1-0 down the road was enough to get three points. Unfortunately, that doesn't happen at the the moment and, because of that, we are suffering and losing points where we should win points." DON'T MISS...Arsenal star Ben White targeted by sly Brighton dig after shock victoryMan City 'missed chance to win league vs Liverpool' claims Man Utd hero Gary NevilleChelsea boss Tuchel highlights Christensen error for Xavi to avoid Indeed, attacking options have already been made a priority ahead of the summer transfer window. Ralf Rangnick sparked fan excitement back in February when he claimed it is 'obvious' that the club would pursue a new striker at the end of the season. United's hand has effectively been forced in that department with Edinson Cavani set to depart upon the expiration of his contract. Marcus Rashford is also believed to be considering his future over game time concerns, while Cristiano Ronaldo may also opt to jump ship if United's top-four bid falls short. Ronaldo's frustrations came to the fore at Goodison Park when fan footage showed him slapping an Everton supporter's phone to the ground. The 37-year-old later issued a public apology, but the victim's mother had scathing words for the way it was conducted. Six points off fourth place and with seven matches left to play, Norwich City at home may be the ideal fixture in which to restart United's quest for Europe. Liverpool and Arsenal then await in successive games, however, which has left some fans feeling less than optimistic.