CBS’ fast-paced procedural drama FBI returned with another thrilling episode which saw the beloved Agent Maggie Bell (played by Missy Peregrym) come close to meeting her death. Although she narrowly escaped, fans were forced to bid adieu to the character after the actress confirmed her temporary departure.  WARNING: This article contains spoilers from FBI season four, episode 18. The most recent episode of FBI saw Agent Bell come close to a harrowing death after the team found themselves on the hunt for a dangerous terrorist. Alongside Agent O.A (Zeeko Zaki), the pair were focused on capturing Hakeem Abbas who was armed with deadly sarin gas and made his hatred for America known. Although they were able to kill the terrorist, things took a turn for the worse when Bell discovered she was trapped in the lab with an open canister of the gas. This scene left viewers on the edge of their seats as Bell tried to find a way out as the gas was billowing out, leaving her exposed to poisoning. READ MORE: 'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry Thankfully O.A came to her rescue just in time and took her to the hospital, however, the traumatic experience means she will spend a significant amount of time in recovery. As a result, Bell will not be making an appearance on the show until further notice. Ahead of the episode's release, Missy confirmed this on Instagram, with a post which read: “Tonight is my last episode of the season – you don’t want to miss it! I’m off for maternity leave now.” Although her character may introduce therapy to help her recover, the traumatic event provided leeway for the actress to welcome her second child with her husband Tom Oakley.  Although the jaw-dropping episode caused a fan frenzy in her comment section, many viewers were pleased she would eventually return to screens. @na1ajane wrote: “Thank you for letting us know you'll be back I was scared for a moment.” A second fan @SamanthaSanderson added: “Can't wait for the episode, and I'm super happy to know you will be back next season. Enjoy your time off with your babies.” As @nikitanolimits noted: “As long as you’ll be back!!! Can’t watch FBI without you!” DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed at Harry and Meghan's camera crew [INSIGHT]FBI season 2 cast: Who is in the cast? [INSIGHT]FBI Most Wanted release date, cast, trailer, plot: When is it out? [INSIGHT] @Karina_longfellow commented: “Thank you for letting us know! I hate when I don't know what is happening with my favourite actress on a show!” A relieved @Katmclean_ stated: “THANK GOD YOU TOLD US YOU'RE COMING BACK PHEW. I can watch the episode in peace now.” While @bettyboo08 shared: “Yes yes yes I’m just glad you're coming back !!! And congrats.” Speaking on Bell’s recovery, the Showrunner Rick Eid told TV Line: “The reality is that [Maggie's recovery] is a journey, it's going to be a while!  “When she does come back, whenever that is, she’ll probably, for the most part, be the same ol’ Maggie, but she did go through something pretty traumatic.” “There are not only physical injuries but maybe some emotional ones, and that may affect how she sees the world and how she handles cases,” he concluded. The showrunner also revealed there were “a bunch of different” ideas before they settled on the sarin gas storyline. Eid added: “We had a need to find a story point that sent her off for a while, and this one seemed like a natural.”  FBI is available in the USA on CBS. A UK release date is yet to be announced.