Twice a week, the Euromillions draw gives people across Europe the chance to take home life-changing figures. The draw takes place every Tuesday and Friday and tonight, participants have the opportunity to win up to £54million, as well as additional opportunities to win smaller sums from the pot. Launched on February 7, 2004, by France's Française des Jeux, Spain's Loterías y Apuestas del Estado, and the United Kingdom's Camelot, the transnational lottery has been drawn 1,517 times so far. EuroMillions is played between nine European countries, including the UK, Ireland, Spain, France, Austria, Belgium, Luxembourg, Portugal and Switzerland. The draw closes at 7:30pm GMT, so to be in with a chance of winning, make sure you buy your ticket before this time. On every draw, the results are announced at approximately 8:45pm BST.  READ MORE: Woman's fury as Camelot refuses to pay £1mllion 'jackpot'  To play EuroMillions, you must choose five main numbers from 1-50 and two lucky stars from 1-12. Next, decide how many lines you want to buy - the rate is currently £2.50 per line. Buying more lines increases your chances of winning. Tonight, the jackpot sits at a colossal £54million. In order to win this jackpot, one of your lines must match all five numbers and both lucky stars. However, if your luck runs dry for the jackpot, additional opportunities are there to win smaller prizes.  There are 13 ways to win in the main draw, with larger prizes awarded for successfully matching more numbers. The overall odds of receiving any prize are 1 in 13. If you match fewer numbers, you can still take home pretty impressive sums. With every ticket, you'll also be entered into the Millionaire Maker draw, which will turn the lucky ticket holder into a millionaire if their raffle code is picked. You can buy tickets online or in an authorised store - there will usually be a sign outside promoting the lottery. Tonight's National Lottery EuroMillions winning numbers are: 01, 11, 13, 24, 49. The Lucky Stars are: 05, 06. Tonight's National Lottery Thunderball winning numbers are: 10, 11, 17, 20, 30. The Thunderball is 08. DON'T MISS: National lottery: Camelot launches legal action over losing licence [INSIGHT]Locals fume as postcode lottery sees energy bills soar [ANALYSIS] Body language signs Princess Eugenie is not ‘Team Cambridge’ [EXPLAINED]      The odds of winning EuroMillions are naturally quite slim - with millions taking part across nine countries - however, there are various methods to boost your chances. By joining a syndicate, which is a group of players purchasing tickets, you can increase the likeliness of taking home a prize. If one person wins, you split the money. This option allows you to enter multiple lines into the draw without increasing the cost of playing.  Having a share of multiple lines as opposed to just one singular will improve your chances of winning. Another option, suggested by EuroMillions, is to play with random numbers greater than 31. Most players use significant dates to select numbers, which limits their choice to 31 and under. The odds of a random set of numbers being drawn are the same as the odds of a familiar pattern being drawn, but the prize amounts are partly determined by how many players win. So by choosing a mix of small and large numbers, you’re more likely to choose numbers that haven’t been picked by anyone else. 