The Home Secretary said the “world-class, world-first” model for relocating people entering the country has sparked interest across EU nations. Denmark has been in negotiations with Kigali for two years over a similar plan to the UK but has failed to get it over the line. Ms Patel spoke to the Danish government on Wednesday evening ahead of the official announcement along with counterparts in other nations. She said: “There is no question now, no doubt, the model that we have put forward, I’m convinced it is world-class, obviously a world first, and it will be used as a blueprint going forward." “I would not be surprised if other countries start coming to us directly on the back of this as well.” The Danish government wants to cut the number of refugees in the country to "zero" fearing the system is unsustainable. It passed new laws last year allowing it to move asylum seekers to third countries while their cases are processed. But so far the Danes have failed to secure an agreement on the transfer of people. Ms Patel also spoke to the Council of Europe, an organisation created to uphold human rights, democracy and the rule of law in Europe, which was “interested” in the reforms. “They understand that we cannot carry on as we are,” she said.  The organisation met on Thursday night and understands the “status quo is not an option”. Ms Patel added: “The Council of Europe themselves recognise that there is a problem and that we have to work together to find a solution.” Ms Patel said the agreement struck with Rwanda was nearly a year in the making with officials in the African nation for the last month to iron out the last few technicalities. The Home Secretary said she expects the first wave of removals to be carried out in the summer. Ms Patel and her team have been working on the wider immigration strategy for two years, with aides plotting out points by writing on the walls in the department. She said the focus is now on turning the vision into reality and there would be a “lot of activity” to make it “operational”. Critics have accused the Cabinet minister’s plan of being “inhumane”. Hard-left Labour MP Diane Abbott: “Priti Patel is a disgrace. All she cares about is pandering to racists.” The Home Secretary said it was “easy to condemn” but opponents have failed to come up with alternatives. Ms Patel signed the deal with Rwanda in the capital Kigali as Boris Johnson gave a speech in Kent setting out the wider plan for reform of the immigration system.  They have faced accusations the announcement was rushed out to distract from the fixed penalty notice the Prime Minister was issued for lockdown rulebreaking. But Ms Patel inisted the pair have been in lockstep on migration reforms all the way through the plans being drawn up. The Home Secretary said the only way she would have announced the Rwanda relocation scheme was when she had “absolute confidence” they were “good to go”. “I’m not going to say ‘I think it is going to be fine, let’s give it a go’,” she said. “This is not my way of working. This is too serious and it has so many implications.” Ms Patel has considered a number of options for trying to contain the small boat crisis in the English Channel, including controversial “pushback” measures to turn around vessels before they reach British waters. But the measure is considered dangerous by many and has not been used so far. Ms Patel denied the option was “dead”, adding “we never rule anything out”. “There’s no one single solution,” she added. “It’s hard stuff this, having to be pretty tenacious and carry on slogging it out, sometimes against the lawyers.” Under the landmark agreement with Rwanda, anyone entering the UK illegally would be potentially eligible to be relocated to the East African country. They would be given a one-way ticket and allowed to claim asylum once they reached Kigali, where they would be given support to rebuild their lives. More than 70 percent of people entering the country without permission are men, according to government figures. A group of 160 charities and  pressure groups called for the plan to be scrapped and claimed it was "shamefully cruel". Andrew Griffith, the director of policy at No 10, said it is hoped the scheme will be operational in “weeks, or a small number of months”. He said: “It doesn’t require new legislation – we think that we can do this under the existing conventions." “And therefore this should be possible to be implemented and operationalised in weeks, or a small number of months. So we are ready to go in that sense.”