Camilla and Charles are set to distribute money to prominent community figures during the event at St George’s Chapel, Windsor Castle The royal couple are joining the congregation at the chapel on Thursday for the annual service which is an important fixture in the royal calendar. Images show Camilla beaming while arriving at the service dressed in a stylish dark blue suit dress and matching hat. It comes after Buckingham Palace announced on Friday that the Queen would not be taking part, and the prince would distribute the Maundy money to community stalwarts instead. The monarch traditionally distributes Maundy money to pensioners at the service but hasn't taken part since 2019 after the service was cancelled twice in 2020 and 2021 due to the Covid-19 pandemic.  It is the first time Charles has stepped in for the ancient event with Princess Eugenie accompanying the Queen at the last service in 2019. As well as missing the important royal event, sources say the Queen is also "not expected" to join Royal Family members for the Easter Mattins Service at St. George's Chapel on Sunday - which falls this year on the one-year anniversary of her husband Prince Philip's funeral. It will be the first Easter Sunday service the 95-year-old monarch will have missed in five decades, according to royal author Omid Scobie. The Maundy money event comes just weeks after the Queen, who has been experiencing mobility issues in recent months, travelled to Westminster to her late husband Prince Philip's memorial service with other members of the firm. READ MORE: Have Your Say: Should the Queen step down and make way for Charles? There has reportedly only been one other time the monarch was forced to miss the event and send a representative during her 70-year reign. The last time was in 1970, while she was away on a royal tour in New Zealand. The Queen Mother represented her daughter at the Maundy event instead. It comes amid a number of royal engagements the Queen has had to step back from in recent times including last month's Commonwealth Day ceremony due to concerns about her "comfort".  DON'T MISS: Harry ‘highly unlikely’ to see Queen for 96th birthday [INSIGHT]Charles and Camilla will not visit Sussexes during Canada royal tour [COMMENT]Prince Albert tests positive for Covid a second time [ANALYSIS] When arriving at the chapel, the royal couple will be welcomed by the Dean of Windsor, the Right Reverend David Conner, who gave the address at Philip's memorial service. Prince Charles will then distribute coins to 96 men and 96 women - in honour of the Queen as she will turn 96 on April 21. Each recipient, who are nominated by their local dioceses for their contributions to their church and community, are handed two purses - one red and one white. The white purse is filled with uniquely minted Maundy money - silver 10p and 3p pieces - to the value of 96 pence and the red purse contains a £5 coin and a 50p coin portraying the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.  