English film and TV actor James Northcote has become internationally known for his long-running role in The Last Kingdom as Aldhelm, the former right-hand man to the Lord of Mercia, Aethelred (played by Toby Regbo). James sadly won’t be reprising his role in Netflix’s upcoming film, Seven Kings Must Die, though he may have been thankful to escape some of the show’s tough filming conditions. Aldhelm star James has recalled some of the difficulties which plagued the cast of The Last Kingdom during the filming of season five. The Netflix series’ latest season nearly brought the story of Uhtred of Bebbanburg (Alexander Dreymon) to a close. However, the medieval saga isn’t quite over yet, as much of the cast had to endure another muddy, blood-soaked few weeks of shooting for the show’s follow-up feature film. James still managed to enjoy himself on the set of season five but admitted the conditions were not always ideal. READ MORE: Gogglebox backlash: Shirley called out for ‘insulting’ co-star He explained: “The amazing thing about The Last Kingdom crew is it’s just the friendliest place to work.” Although almost every episode features brutal confrontations, arduous journeys and vast battles, the cast and crew still managed to keep their spirits up between takes. Unfortunately, this was more difficult than one might expect thanks to the endless list of health and safety risks the cast had to look out for. “It’s not always easy shooting in -10 temperatures,” James recalled to Netflix. “And it’s not always easy when you’re up to your knees in mud sliding around in a battle, trying not to have your head cut off by a much more experienced stunt person.” Thankfully, the stars of the series all completed filming without any serious injuries and their heads were still very much attached to their necks. “So we all try and look out for each other,” James added. “We all try and make sure that everyone gets to work to the best of their abilities.” DON'T MISS:Britain’s Got Talent viewers call out ‘staged’ water escape [REACTION]Yellowstone’s Kayce star drops update on series’ future [INTERVIEW]Moon Knight: Oscar Isaac wanted viewers ‘to feel drugged’ [INSIGHT] The actor credited the Netflix production crew for helping everyone keep safe when filming The Last Kingdom’s trickier sequences. He went on: “The crew, both British and Hungarian, are so skilled and so supportive and so passionate about the show. “And you can’t say that about every job you work on. We’ve really, really become a team and are so invested in the story and the success of the show. “It’s an amazing place to get to work, and the people are incredible.” The Last Kingdom team’s passion for the series clearly shone through on screens, and it quickly became one of the most-streamed Netflix projects of the last few years. James had one of the most compelling storylines as Aldhelm, who eventually shifted his allegiance to Aethelred to his wife Aethelflaed (Millie Brady), whom he believed would make a better leader for Mercia. Sadly, his journey came to a crushing end when he was stampeded to death during Uhtred’s siege against King Edward (Timothy Innes) in the series finale. His demise means James most likely won’t be back for Seven Kings Must Die, which concluded filming earlier this year and is expected to drop on Netflix in late 2022 or early 2023. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix.