Limescale is caused by naturally occurring minerals in hard water, leaving a chalky white residue on wet surfaces. While limescale is almost impossible to avoid around toilets, taps, showers and kettles, there is one hack to make the chore so much easier. Talking exclusively with Express.co.uk, Olly Cavner, Resident Services Manager, at apartment rental brand, Essential Living, explained the effectiveness of using a 2p coin to remove limescale on toilets. The brown stains in your toilet aren’t what you think - they’re bits of limescale. You aren’t doing anything wrong in your cleaning regime; these deposits are caused by hard water. Limescale is normally white, but the mineral deposits in the toilet such as iron, calcium, magnesium and lime will turn the limescale brown or green. The brown marks in your toilet won’t go away by themselves, you’ll need to give them a thorough cleaning. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share £1 hack to remove stubborn toilet bowl stains As limescale dries it picks up any dirt particles along with it and the stain builds up layer by layer. Olly said: “When hard water evaporates calcium and magnesium combine to form limescale, which can instantly ruin the clean look of your bathroom. “Being a difficult substance to tackle, the 2p coin is one of the cheapest and most effective ways to remove limescale from a toilet bowl.” The cleaning guru explained why the copper coin is great for removing limescale and how to carry out this hack. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to clean ovens using a dishwasher tablet - ‘easy trick’ [TIPS]Laundry: How to dry clothes faster and reduce energy bill costs [INSIGHT]Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows [EXPERT] Olly said: “This is because when you wet a 2p coin and scrape away the limescale, the chemical reaction between copper and limescale causes it to break down. “Simply hold the coin at a slight angle and rub the limescale build-up, almost like you’re chipping away.” Those who find that this hack isn’t working well for them can always opt to use limescale spray. The expert said: “If you find this trick alone isn’t quite working, you can also try using limescale spray. “Foam the spray up into a sponge and dab it on so the foam is sitting on the limescale. “Then leave it for 20 minutes and try to scrub the limescale away with a bathroom sponge scourer.” Other proven methods can include using a toilet brush and distilled white vinegar, according to Olly. White vinegar can help soften limescale marks. He added: “Let about half a cup of white vinegar sit in your toilet for a few minutes and then scrub with your toilet brush. “Cleaning the rim with vinegar is also effective for extra shine.” Homeowners could even pop some soda crystals in just before flushing to give you some extra scrubbing power. Once the acid has had time to work, the reaction between them can act as a boost to scrubbing.