Maintaining a beautiful garden lawn is easily done with regular care, and timing is crucial to get the best results. From mowing to sowing fresh seed, these key tasks are best done at certain times of the year - but when? These are the best times to cut, water and treat your garden grass throughout the seasons.     Mowing is one of the most straightforward tasks on the lawn care calendar, but getting the timing wrong could be critical for the growth of your garden grass. Cutting too close or when the conditions are too wet can leave your lawn weak and prone to weeds, moss and drought. During the winter months, mowing should be avoided while growth is dormant, though it is generally safe to do the first cut in early spring - around March or April. The first cut of the year should be done using a high setting to remove no more than one-third of the height, though you should do a more low-cut mow as the year progresses. According to Fantastic Gardeners, garden grass is best mowed from April to October. READ MORE: Kate & William prepping move to Windsor - inside £2.5m Frogmore House Rainfall is common across the UK leaving little need for regular watering in the garden. Nonetheless, lawns can become drought-prone during dry periods which is why it is crucial to water the grass yourself. When the weather is mild, dry soil should be watered every 8-10 days, preferable in the morning before the temperature reaches its peak. Clay soils require just half an inch of water while sandy soils need at least one inch. Lawns should be watered between April and October, though there is no need to do so in periods of heavy rainfall. Overseeding is the simplest way to rejuvenate a bare, patchy lawn, and it is best done at the end of summer - though it can also be done in late spring. Sowing fresh seeds on your grass will work best during these months while the soil is still warm and the moisture levels increase. You should seed your lawn in May, August, September, or November for the best results. This vigorous process will leave your lawn looking brand new, but only if it is done at the right time of year. Scarification is most effective at a time when the lawn is growing actively - from late spring to the end of summer. April, September and October are the best months for scarifying your lawn, though it can also be done in May and November if growth is still vigorous. DON'T MISS:How to save spring bulbs after flowering - 4 easy steps to follow [INSIGHT]Weed killer: Why baking soda is ideal to banish weeds cheaply [ANALYSIS]How to clean a gutter: 8 signs you need to clean your gutter [REVEAL] Aeration is the easiest way to improve drainage and increase the soil temperature in your grass, but it is crucial to time it right in order to allow the lawn to recover. The best time to aerate any soil is after the summer when the grass is most worn down and moisture levels begin to rise. Clay and sandy soils should be aerated at least once a year, while loam and peat soils should be done every two years. August, September and October are the prime months to aerate your lawn, though this task can be done if the weather is mild during April and May. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Invasive species like crabgrass and broadleaf weed can be a nuisance for growing grass, but there are plenty of ways to banish these pesky plants. While removing weeds can be done throughout the year, it is often more effective to do so at certain points in early spring and late summer. If your lawn is filled with crabgrass, it is best to tackle the issue in March and April as the weed starts growing. It can also be killed in October and November if the first frost is yet to arrive. For broadleaf weeds, you should take steps to eliminate growth between February and May or August and September. Hand digging followed by a spray herbicide is the best way to tackle these pesky weeds. Seasonal pests will come and go throughout the year, though there are two destructive creatures which are likely to frequent your lawn in the warmer months. Chafer grubs and leather jackets thrive in warm, moist soil, and they can be particularly hard to get rid of. Using pathogenic nematodes between July and September will provide an effective treatment against chafer grubs in your lawn. Leather jackets are easiest to remove between September and October before the soil gets too cold for them. Careful feeding will rejuvenate the green growth of your lawn, but you should avoid doing it outside of the spring and summer months. Granule feed is best used in April and May, though it can also be used in March if the lawn is visibly growing. Liquid feed should be used in June and September, though it can also be used in July and August if the weather is not too hot.