Liverpool are closing in on a historic quadruple, and if they can achieve the unthinkable then they will be the first English side to do so. But this was already on their minds last summer, as revealed by midfield maestro Thiago. Liverpool are moving in on achieving the unthinkable and becoming the first English side to ever win the quadruple, but it's nothing less than they were planning last summer. After making the FA Cup final on Saturday with a 3-2 win against Manchester City in the semi-final, Liverpool thrashed Manchester United 4-0 just days later to pile the pressure on Pep Guardiola in the Premier League. And with Jurgen Klopp's side favourites to win another Champions League, chances of winning the quadruple have gone from a dream to a reality. Klopp's Liverpool side are full of winners, and they are one of the greatest sides in the club's history. But they're that competitive that Thiago revealed last summer that this was exactly what they were planning on doing this season, even before a ball was kicked.  JUST IN: Mikel Arteta ‘sends Arsenal scout to Paraguay’ on transfer mission Should Liverpool beat Villarreal in the semi-final of the Champions League, they will be in a position to win two more finals after already beating Chelsea in the Carabao Cup earlier this season. And it's Chelsea that they'll face in the FA Cup final at Wembley in a fierce rematch between the two sides. But the wind is firmly in Liverpool's sails, and with the possibility of completing the quadruple, they could put themselves in the conversation for the best English side of all-time should they win every competition. And surely that's enough of an incentive to give that bit extra when needed between now and the end of the season. But it's not as if Liverpool have got to this stage by luck, or coincidence, this was all planned out as Thiago revealed last summer. It was a nightmare year for Liverpool and for Klopp last season, but despite all their injury problems they managed to finish third and secure Champions League football.  READ MORE: Eriksen to show Brentford 'respect' as Tottenham keen on reunion And Thiago said that their disappointments last season were a springboard for success during this campaign, and everything that they've wanted to achieve has so far paid off. "I'm never pleased with my performance, I always want more and more and more and more," Thiago told Liverpool's official website in August. "The minimum we have to give is how we ended with these wins, with these extraordinary moments. But at the end, it was just about pushing because of the situation that we had. We weren't happy enough, so we were pushing to be as happy as we could. "But now we start from zero and we want everything, we want to win everything again. It was great to have everybody and everything against us, and we did it. Ali's goal was unbelievable, I remember games in Old Trafford that we won without playing that football and it was also good.  "But it's just experience that you have to say, 'OK, we finished last season playing a game we were not that happy with and we finished third.' So playing as we want and as we desire, we can reach and we can win everything, as I say." Liverpool have done exactly that, as they have reached, and won everything so far, with a grandstand finish lined up between now and the end of the season. And Thiago is loving every minute of it, as he conducted a follow-up interview with the club in March. With Liverpool continuing to challenge in every competition, Thiago said: "The other day I was talking with some friends about it and I never had, in the years that I have been involved in football, I never had a month so exciting like this with such important and exciting matches every three days. So it will be amazing.  “It looks like a World Cup, a European Cup, where every game is a final. With that we are in a one-mission mood and we are there.” Although the quadruple is looking like a serious possibility, Klopp still does not want to entertain the idea of it as he looks to remain focused. "You can mention whatever you want, it doesn’t make it more likely," Klopp said. Liverpool may not have looked human at times this season, but surely the nerves will be starting to kick in at Anfield now, with the ultimate prize within touching distance. But they continue to plan game by game, and with each win the tension and excitement continues to build in Merseyside. 