The BBC comedy returned to iPlayer in March after edits were made to the programme to “better reflect the changes in the cultural landscape”. The Matt Lucas and David Walliams sketch show was pulled in 2020 after the pair were criticised for their use of blackface. While it has returned to iPlayer after having certain scenes removed, viewers have hit out over a scene featuring racial slurs relating to an East Asian character. The scene involves a university counsellor called Linda Flint who describes a student in an offensive manner while they are sitting in front of her. The character says of an East Asian man: "Um, how can I describe him? He’s got straight black hair, yellowish skin, slight smell of soy sauce." Many viewers were offended by the scene and took to Twitter to express their disdain over the sketch. Anita Singh remarked: "So Matt Lucas and David Walliams have cut the blackface from Little Britain to “reflect the changes in the cultural landscape” (and get it back on iPlayer) yet this has stayed in." READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? Bally Singh added: "Typical. Asian people have to deal with racism every day in the form of jokes and find it harder to call out because of scenes normalising the humour, much like this. Changes in the cultural landscape to protect and respect us all will just have to wait, I guess." Lucas added: "Saying ‘times have changed' isn’t an excuse, like I genuinely don’t know how this show was allowed to be aired." Sunflower Queen commented: "I used to watch Little Britain as a child, didn’t really understand the references, now as an adult I watch it back and feel sick to my stomach that it was even allowed on TV. "Quite unbelievable that they’ve “apparently” edited it and this has been left in..."  Despite the backlash, the BBC has issued a statement on its decision to air Little Britain on BBC iPlayer again. The broadcaster said: "All jokes in our output are judged on context and intent. "The sketches in which the character Linda Flint makes reference to the appearance or race of a series of people are intended to expose and ridicule some of the outdated prejudices and racism that still exist in parts of British society, which is more apparent when viewing the sketches within the context of a full episode, and across the series as a whole. "The programme is part of the BBC’s comedy archive and information is provided for iPlayer viewers about the inclusion of discriminatory language." DON'T MISS...Dan Wootton erupts over Little Britain censoring ‘BBC are hypocrites!' [LATEST]Little Britain returns to BBC after edits made  [UPDATE]Matt Lucas and David Walliams blasted for ‘outdated’ Comic Relief skit [REACTION] Little Britain was removed from Netflix and BritBox in 2020, as well as BBC iPlayer, in the wake of Black Lives Matter protests around the globe. The sketch show was criticised for its use of blackface make-up in some scenes. Actors Lucas and David apologised for their use of blackface on the show in June 2020. They said in a joint statement on Twitter: "Once again we want to make it clear that it was wrong; we are very sorry."  Little Britain began as a radio programme in 2000 and was adapted into a BBC series in 2003 where it ran until 2007. Following the success of the programme, Matt and David created a travelling stage show based on their series. A BBC spokesperson said of its return to iPlayer: "Little Britain has been made available to fans on BBC iPlayer following edits made to the series by Matt and David that better reflect the changes in the cultural landscape over the last 20 years since the show was first made." Little Britain is available to stream on BBC iPlayer. 