James Watson, 41, has been convicted at the Old Bailey of murdering Rikki - who died in November 1994. Watson was just 13-years-old at the time of the horrific attack. Rikki was strangled and his naked body dumped in woodland near his home in Peterborough. To compound the family's tragedy, Rikki's mother, Ruth Neave, was initially charged with his murder. The 53-year-old was finally acquitted in 1996, but was jailed for seven years after admitting child cruelty. Watson, of no fixed address, was convicted following a DNA breakthrough in 2016, which revealed that he had been in physical contact with the six-year-old boy on the day of his disappearance. Watson was convicted after jurors were given a majority verdict direction by judge Mrs Justice McGowan. Clare Forsdike, a senior crown prosecutor at the Crown Prosecution Service, said the conviction brings "justice for Rikki" and "concludes an appalling unsolved crime almost 30 years after it happened". Rikki's sister Rochelle Neave, 30, said the verdict was a "victory" for the family. She said: “He thought he'd got away with it for that many years and thought we were just going to go away and roll under the table. We weren't.” The schoolboy disappeared on 28 November 1994. His body was found in woods near his home in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire the following day. He had been strangled and his naked body deliberately posed in a star shape by his killer. The court heard that Watson had launched a "surprise attack" on the boy and strangled him with his own jacket. Watson was seen with Rikki the day he went missing and was spoken to by police as a witness at the time. A cold case investigation into the murder was opened in 2015. A DNA match to Watson was made after adhesive tapings on Rikki’s clothes were examined. The killer claimed he may have lifted Rikki up to help him see over a fence, but police discovered archive TV footage which showed there was no fence at the time. Watson was arrested in 2016 and released on bail. He then fled to Portugal but was re-arrested near the British Embassy in Lisbon and brought back to the UK. Ms Forsdike said Watson had put the Neave family through “agony” for decades. She said: “Ultimately a combination of evidence from DNA, post-mortem, soil samples, eyewitness testimony, and his changing accounts proved overwhelming. “Only James Watson knows why he did it. He remained silent for two decades and then put Rikki's family through the agony of a trial.” The verdict brings a long-awaited vindication for Rikki's mother Ruth Neave, a mother-of-four, who stood trial for her son's murder but was cleared by a jury in 1996. Jurors were told that incorrect weight was given to sightings of the schoolboy during the prosecution of Ms Neave, at a time when reliable evidence showed that he was already dead. John Price QC said this was a "fundamental error" which "deflected the focus of attention of the investigation". Ms Neave was acquitted of his murder but jailed for child cruelty. Ms Neave later claimed that she had been "bullied" into admitting the charge. Rikki’s younger sister Sheradyn Neave, 27, was a baby when her brother died. Following the verdict, she said: “I think we were let down by the police at the time, we were let down by social services, we were let down by everyone who was in our lives who was meant to care.” Sister Rochelle Neave remembered her brother as a "cheeky" and "loving" boy who looked after his siblings. The jury deliberated for over 36 hours before delivering its verdict. Following the trial, Paul Fullwood, the former assistant chief constable who led the cold case review, described Watson as “a fantasist, a dangerous individual, and a compulsive liar”.  Watson has a long list of previous convictions, including sexual assault. He will be sentenced at a later date.