Today marks one year since the death of Prince Philip. The Duke of Edinburgh passed away at the age of 99 at Windsor Castle in April last year. The loyal consort left behind his wife of 73 years, the Queen, and four children, eight grandchildren and twelve great grandchildren. A Service of Thanksgiving for the Duke of Edinburgh was held last week at Westminster Abbey. The Queen was joined by many members of the Royal Family – including Prince Andrew, who had previously remained out of the limelight since his settlement with Virginia Roberts Giuffre. Ms Giuffre had accused the Duke of York of sexually assaulting her three times when she was 17 – accusations which he vehemently denies. In February, it was announced that Andrew had agreed upon a settlement in principle with Ms Giuffre. A statement read: “The parties will file a stipulated dismissal upon Ms Giuffre’s receipt of the settlement (the sum of which is not being disclosed).” It was later reported to be as much as £12million. The Duke of York also pledged to “demonstrate his regret for his association” with the sex offender financier Jeffrey Epstein, by supporting the “fight against the evils of sex trafficking, and by supporting its victims”. One royal expert has claimed that the statement points to Andrew potentially making a return to public life. Speaking in February, the Daily Mirror’s royal editor, Russell Myers, claimed that the Duke still thinks “he’s got a lot to offer”. Mr Myers told an episode of Pod Save The Queen: “The way the statement was worded was very, very interesting indeed. “I think it potentially gives Prince Andrew some sort of avenue to work with victim’s charities. “That’s how I read it. I read that he is going to offer himself up. “I was speaking to friends of his yesterday – he [Andrew] definitely feels he’s got a lot to offer public life.” Prince Philip’s memorial service was Andrew’s first public appearance in months. In a controversial move, the Duke escorted his mother into the Abbey, having travelled together from Windsor. Speaking on the matter in last week’s episode of Pod Save The Queen, Mr Myers reiterated his previous point. He said: “He still believes – I speak to people close to him all the time, throughout the whole debacle of this court case, and they were still saying that he believes he has still got a lot to offer the Royal Family. “He still believes that he is a young man, he’s 62, he has still got ambitions of serving in a role of public service, serving within frontline royal duties.” Mr Myers continued: “So he’s not willing to sort of lay down and die and sort of disappear into the background, and a lot of other members of the family wish that he would do that. “But that is not what he wants to happen.” After the service concluded, the Duke escorted Her Majesty out of the Abbey.  The pair were seen leaving together in the Queen’s car. Following Andrew’s reappearance, it’s been reported that the prince is in line to chaperone his mother again to the races in June. A source told the Sun last week: “He was meant to stay invisible during the Platinum Jubilee so there is no way he will be at events like Trooping the Colour. “But the Queen needs a chaperone on all occasions at the moment due to her mobility issues and Andrew has earmarked the Derby as the one he will accompany her at. “He just doesn’t seem to understand the public outcry.” To subscribe to Pod Save the Queen go to your normal podcast provider.