Erik ten Hag has been compared to former Manchester United coach Louis van Gaal. The Red Devils are widely expected to announce the appointment of the Ajax boss as their new manager in the coming days. United have been on the search for a permanent manager since putting Ralf Rangnick in temporary charge of the team last autumn. And Ten Hag has apparently seen off seven rivals to land the top job. The 52-year-old has done a stellar job with Ajax and could win his third domestic double before the season ends. And Dutch journalist Marco Timmer thinks Ten Hag is similar to current Netherlands boss Van Gaal but has one main difference. “He is a top coach who will do well,” Timmer said. “He wants to win and plays dominant attacking football with the door closed. He reminds me of Van Gaal. As a coach they are similar, but as persons they differ. Van Gaal is like a teacher and Erik is more easy-going and humble.” JUST IN: Arsenal ready 'important proposal' to Paulo Dybala as Juventus ace set for 'three offers'   Ten Hag worked as PSV’s assistant manager from 2009 to 2012 before becoming boss of Go Ahead Eagles. He then oversaw Bayern Munich’s second team ahead of two-and-a-half years in charge of FC Utrecht. And Timmer insists the former FC Twente player has a huge amount of knowledge at his disposal. “Go Ahead Eagles was his first job as a coach,” Timmer added. “I support the team and saw him every day. He is a little bit of a workaholic and also a bit of a control freak. He has knowledge of tactics, techniques and sports science after he went to Germany to research which is the best way to prepare the team in a physical way.” READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal     Meanwhile, fellow journalist Rik Elfrink, who went to school with Ten Hag in Haaksbergen, has praised the Dutchman for his ability to overcome barriers. “Erik is a guy from the east Netherlands,” Elfrink said. “He has had to overcome some resistance in Amsterdam because the west of the Netherlands is different. But he is a very determined and serious guy. “Sometimes he seems a bit nerdy maybe - but it is not easy to stay coach of Ajax for over four years after coming as an outsider. At school he was the best player and normally the players of our school went to FC Twente. He was one of them and he was a good level. Erik was then, with respect, an average player in the Eredivisie but a smart, clever player in midfield. He was always busy with tactics.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 