Several photographs of Prince Louis were released over the weekend to celebrate his fourth birthday. Kate Middleton and Prince William’s youngest child was pictured wearing a grey jumper with stars across the chest. It has now been revealed, that the jumper previously belonged to Prince George. The youngest Cambridge child had been dressed in a grey cashmere jumper. It is from the brand Olivier London, and its 2017 collection, thus making it older than Louis who was born in 2018. The brand said on social media: “Happy Birthday Louis. Thrilled to see our Star Jumper still going strong, a lovely testament to the long lasting nature of our cashmere. Have a lovely day Louis." The jumper is decorated with four colourful stars, which range from red, to blue, to yellow and then navy. READ MORE: Meghan 'pushes Harry away' after televised kiss Underneath the jumper, Louis wore a blue and white checked shirt, unbuttoned at the collar. On the bottom, the young Prince wore a pair of turquoise shorts. Fans flocked to social media with their well-wishes, one wrote: “Congratulations Prince Louis he has grown so much and is identical to his brother Prince George they look like twins.” Another commented:”Dapper!” While a third added: “Congrats to the handsome birthday boy spitting image of the talented photographer.” DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton's trick to stop dresses blowing in wind [INSIDER]Queen Letizia 'haughty elegance' compared to 'perma-smiling Kate' [PICTURES]Princess Charlotte to inherit Diana's 'iconic' jewel over Lilibet [NEWS] A fourth said: “He is absolutely gorgeous, happy birthday.” The photographs were taken at the seaside in Norfolk earlier this month. The Duchess of Cambridge took the photos of her son, as well as choosing his outfit. Kate is concious of sustainable fashion, often repeating her own outfits and wearing clothes from ethical companies. This isn’t the first time Louis has worn George’s clothes. In his first birthday portraits, the youngest-of-three wore an adorable buttoned jumped. The item was from childrenswear brand Elfie London, who revealed the jumper to be from a collection before Prince George was even born. They wrote on Instagram: “We were so pleased to spot Prince Louis in our Frog Jumper for his first birthday. “This jumper was from one of our first collections over seven years ago!! And as we always intend our designs to be cherished and handed down, we were thrilled that this has been the case here. “Happy Birthday Prince Louis!!"