Meghan Markle "pushed" Prince Harry away when he leaned in for a kiss during last Saturday's opening ceremony of the Invictus Games. The kiss was captured during the televised ceremony - but now a body language expert has cast doubt on the romantic moment. Body language expert Louise Mahler said that Meghan Markle actually "pushes him away and walks off" after the kiss. She remarked that Meghan "has all the affection of an alley cat - not much". Speaking on Australia's Sunrise programme, Ms Mahler analysed the Duchess of Sussex's body language during her time on stage. A co-host remarked that there were some "very public displays of affection - PDAs as the young ones love to call them - between Harry and Meghan". The body language said: "I don't know what she was doing there at the Invictus Games but when she is on stage, she is so confident as a performer." JUST IN: Harry slammed by palace insiders as Charles 'furious' She continued: "The kiss, however - she has all the rhetoric but none of the body language of somebody who is actually affectionate. "When he walked up, you would think you would lean forward and put your hands into a cuddle. "Instead, she put her hands flat on his chest and stood bolt upright. "He then kissed her, but she pushes him away and walks off. "She has all the affection of an alley cat - not much!" Commentators praised the body language expert, with one user, Wicked Felina, writing: "Spot on the regarding the hands up! "When you don't want to be near someone for many reasons, that's exactly what you do! She's good!" DON'T MISS: Queen faces 'bittersweet' Platinum Jubilee celebrations [VIDEO]Ferrari left speechless after Meghan's half-sister raises absurd claim [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Harry's secret plans for UK return - 'desperate' [LIVE BLOG] Meghan supported her husband in his role as private patron of the Invictus Games, which sees 500 injured and sick military personnel and veterans from 20 nations compete in a week of adaptive sports. A film crew is believed to have joined him at the games as part of filming for a Netflix series called Heart Of Invictus. Prince Harry and Meghan made a deal with Netflix in September 2020 to make a range of programmes that they said would focus on creating content that "informs but also gives hope" The Duke and the Duchess of Sussex have reportedly been invited to join the Queen on the Buckingham Palace balcony for celebrations during the jubilee bank holiday in June.