Princess Anne arrived at the National Museum and Art Gallery on day two of her royal trip to Papua New Guinea. She later attended a dinner with James Marape, Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, and other representatives where she gave a speech and conducted the investiture of Sir John Pundari. The Oceania tour is on behalf of the Queen, in celebration of the Platinum Jubilee. For the official dinner, Princess Anne opted for a beautiful and very summery white blouse. The royal changed into a white eyelet embroidery floral shirt featuring long sleeves and a belt and a brown midi skirt. The Princess Royal finished the outfit with her favourite pair of beige pumps. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham marries into astonishingly wealthy family  For jewellery, the Queen's daughter donned a pair of pearl earrings and a pearl necklace which she combined with a gold brooch that has not been seen on the royal before. The brooch seemed to feature a big flower and some feathers on one side. She accessorised the outfit with a beige handbag. Princess Anne was also seen carrying a cream scarf which nicely complemented the rest of her stylish outfit.  Princess Anne styled her hair into her classic chignon, which has now become the royal's iconic hairstyle. Earlier today, the royal wore an elegant beige skirt and blazer suit dress. The satin-looking material was cinched in at the waist with three buttons. The skirt was knee-length with a slit along the side which added a bit of character to the outfit. Princess Anne donned the same suit she wore when arriving in the country the day before to visit a hospital in Papua New Guinea. She combined the beige two piece suit with a white blouse underneath and beige pumps. A gold brooch carved into an ornate three flower, three-leaf pattern, finished the royal's outfit. Royal fans took to social media to comment on Princess Anne's stylish looks. Twitter user @toriaa_h wrote: “Anne with a high waisted trouser suit?! “If this was Kate people would be screaming. “Also I love the blouse!” 