Jo Wood, 67, was married to The Rolling Stones guitarist for 24 years and shares two children with the musician. The style icon is now in a race against time to be back on her feet again ahead of The Rolling Stones concert in Hyde Park this summer. Speaking of the incident, Jo said: “I’m in agony! It's all due to me falling down a stone staircase holding my little nephew and breaking my ankle at Ronnie's. And, no, I wasn't drunk!” "I want to get better so I can see the Stones in Hyde Park this summer." She added to Daily Mail: “I want to say 'hello' to Keith [Richards] and [his wife] Patti — and limping along on one leg in an orthopaedic boot is not a rock 'n' roll look!" The model and presenter also took to Instagram with an update for her followers and revealed she had to undergo an operation. READ MORE:Zoe Henry addressed Emmerdale's Rhona being 'killed' off Jo shared a photo of her bandaged foot in its cast in the car on the way home, and wrote alongside: “HOME! For six weeks…. Thanks again for all of your wonderful messages.” She eloped to Las Vegas in 1973 with her first husband, clothing entrepreneur Peter Greene. Their eldest son Jamie was born a year later but the marriage ended in 1976 and the following year she met Ronnie. “For our first date he took me to a nice pub on Chelsea Embankment and we had tequila sunrises,” she told the same publication.  They wed in 1985 and have two children, Leah and Tyrone and she became stepmother to Ronnie's son Jesse, from his first marriage. Much of their relationship was spent on the road with the legendary rock band. Her marriage to Ronnie ended in divorce in 2009 when he cheated on her with Ukrainian waitress Ekaterina Ivanova. Jo has since said: “I was devastated but in time realised that splitting from Ronnie was the best thing that could have happened. I got my freedom back.” DONT MISS:Alison Hammond 'might die sooner' but vows to 'have fantastic life' (PHOTOS)Laura Hamilton sparks frenzy as she flashes cleavage in swimsuit (NEWS)Johnny Depp's best friend sobs in court over Amber Heard abuse case (LATEST) One of the things she is proudest of is bouncing back from the divorce to start all over again. She said: “A highlight was starting my career again when I was 53. “By then most people are deciding when they’re going to retire. I can’t imagine ever retiring from what I do." Jo has appeared on a variety of staple TV programmes, from Strictly Come Dancing to Celebrity MasterChef.   However, the ex-wife of Ronnie has now turned her back on TV to instead focus on enjoying her new life in the Northamptonshire countryside. She moved to the county in 2019, turning her back on London and shocking friends who were convinced she’d soon be back. Jo has no regrets although “everything went wrong” when she began work on her listed farmhouse. She said: “It was a real change coming from Camden to here. The house is completely off-grid. “I have a borehole for water and produce my own power. In the beginning, everything went wrong and I kept thinking ‘What have I done?’ “But I’m really happy now everything’s nearly finished. "It’s so nice to wake up to the sound of the birds instead of police cars zooming up the road.”