Manchester United fans voted with their feet as thousands failed to turn up for kick-off against Chelsea on Thursday. There were plenty of empty seats as the Premier League match started at Old Trafford. Many supporters were protesting against the club's owners the Glazers outside the stadium. It is not the first time in recent weeks that fans have taken that stance. Before the 3-2 win over Norwich earlier this month, many decided not to enter the ground until the 17th minute. Each minute signalled a year of the Glazer's ownership. United legend Gary Neville was on co-commentary duty for the match against Chelsea. And he noticed fans starting to enter Old Trafford in the minute they promised again. READ MORE: Mino Raiola 'in a bad position' in hospital as reps deny football super-agent has died  He said: "A little bit, it has filled up a little bit. It's a bit of a strange atmosphere, I must say." Sky Sports commentator Martin Tyler added: "The 17th minute was on the agenda for the dissenters - one for every year of the Glazer ownership." Tyler then joked in the 21st minute "we're almost full now" as the camera panned around the stadium. United supporters have regularly protested against the Glazer family's ownership of their club. The Americans' decision to join the European Super League last year - which they have since pulled out of - was the final straw for some fans. DON'T MISSMan Utd may be about to sign their own 'Xavi and Andres Iniesta' for Erik ten Hag [COMMENT]Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp signs two-year contract extension until 2026 [NEWS]Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer [GOSSIP]   Neville has been vocal against the Glazers and earlier this month demanded that they left. Speaking on the Gary Neville podcast, he said: "They (the Glazers) are taking dividends out of the football club. "No good business, when the core activity of that business is failing miserably, when the cash has been depleted over the last three years to the levels that it has, continue to take money out. Yes, maybe when the club's rich, it's winning, there's hundreds of millions in the bank, the sponsorship contracts are coming in, there isn't Covid and the stadium's absolutely amazing, you might say, 'OK, the owners can take a dividend'. Not today. "Out of respect, don't take money out of a business when the core activity of the business is failing, when the stadium needs hundreds of millions spending on it, when the training ground needs money spending on it, when the team needs money spending on it, when they need a manager who's paid a handsome wage to compete with [Jurgen] Klopp, [Pep] Guardiola and [Thomas] Tuchel - don't you take money out of that club. These do and that's why they must go." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 