Bruce Willis was one of the highest paid actors in the world in his prime, with an estimated net worth of $250 million, but now, aged 67, he has had no choice but to leave showbiz behind and enter retirement. The Die Hard and Pulp Fiction star has been experiencing severe cognitive difficulties due to his aphasia diagnosis, but all his troubles seemed out of mind as he and wife Emma Heming Willis posed for a touching snap in the woods together recently. The social media post marks the first time that brave Bruce has been pictured since letting the world know about his condition. The post read "Mom & Dad in their favorite habitat" and showed the star looking happy and loved up with his wife, as he tenderly wrapped an arm around her leg. Bruce has five daughters aged between nine and 33, who are all supporting him during this difficult time, and has been married to Emma following his 2000 divorce from fellow acting legend Demi Moore. Aphasia is a neurological problem caused by damage to the language processing and speech production area of the brain. READ NOW: Rachel Riley on struggle as she's bombarded with 'disgusting' messages For most people living with the condition, struggles arise with reading, writing, speaking and understanding words. Sometimes, aphasia sufferers are unable to think of which word to use, or they may string words together incorrectly when they speak. If Bruce had continued with his career, it is likely that the progression of his impairment would have prevented him from learning his lines for film roles, so he made the difficult decision to bow out. However, the multi-award winning The Fifth Element star now looks set to enjoy his retirement in peaceful and calm surroundings with his wife by his side. Bruce's eldest daughter Rumer, 33, had originally broken the bad news about her dad's retirement in an Instagram post, to the dismay of his fans. "To Bruce's amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities. "As a result of this and with much consideration, Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him," she wrote. "This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [OPINION] Zoe Ball apologises for 'damage' to A3 after 'shock' over car accident [INSIGHT] Charlene White welcomes Dan Walker to ‘ITN family’ after BBC exit news [LATEST]  "We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him." Finally, in a hint that his life will be filled with fun despite his recent struggles, she added: "As Bruce always says, 'Live it up' and together we plan to do just that." The note was even signed by Bruce's ex-wife Demi Moore, who has reportedly remained amicable with him since their split 22 years ago. The latest photos of Emma and Bruce were taken in a remote environment, according to the hashtag #offthegrid on her post. This suggests that they are taking time away from their mobile phones and electricity to enjoy quality time together as a couple, without any of the distractions of modern life. Emma, who has 250,000 followers on Instagram, also recently shared photos of herself in tears of joy at her and Bruce's wedding celebrations 13 years earlier. The snap prompted a deluge of support from understanding fans. @meglabella reported that her father was experiencing the same "heartbreaking" problem as Bruce, before thanking the couple for "shedding light on aphasia". Meanwhile @tracyjo426 added: "Prayers of healing health for you, Bruce and the family."