Brenda Blethyn is currently on ITV screens in the comedy Kate & Koji but the beloved actress is probably best known for her lead role in the crime-solving series Vera. The 11th series continued earlier this year after taking a break following its premiere in 2021 and the actress has opened up on what it’s like filming the hit drama set in Northumberland. Vera star Brenda and her ITV co-stars are on set for six months at a time. The days are long and the weather can be gruelling. However, the brutal cold climate doesn’t phase the beloved actress. She admitted: “I’m generally the warmest one on set. But the long, freezing shoots do take their toll. Read more: Vera star speaks on having exclusive access to key location “At the end of every series, Brenda swears she’s going to quit the role. “I come home and say, ‘Never again! Where’s me slippers?’ But then I miss Vera. “I miss the cast and crew and so I hope it’ll come around again.” Opening up on the success of the series, which is in its 12th year, Brenda attributed Vera’s popularity to her sense of style. She said: “People like Vera because the viewers are not in competition with her hourglass figure. “She doesn’t look like she’s just rolled off a catwalk and she’s not dependent on lipstick, and I think people appreciate that.” “They like her put-downs too,” Brenda told the Daily Mail. Kate & Koji concludes with a double-bill on Wednesday as the comedy starring Brenda and Okorie Chukwu completes its second series. DON'T MISSVera's Jac Williams star addresses show backlash to series 11 delays [INTERVIEW]Vera's Kenny Doughty opens up on reuniting with teacher [INSIGHT]Brenda Blethyn on why she married her husband after 30 years [INTERVIEW] In the first instalment, titled Saint Lavinia, Koji develops a symptom that worries him. Meanwhile, Kate is suspicious when a lifelong enemy sudden decides to make amends. In the series two finale, Kate ignores her friends’ advice and stands by Councillor Bone. Ahead of the double-bill, Blake Harrison, who plays Medium Dan, praised Brenda on Twitter. He posted: “#kateandkoji ends tonight with a double bill at 9pm on @ITV. “It was amazing to work with @BrendaBlethyn again! She’s a true legend. Also @okorie_chukwu who is as talented as he is handsome which makes me hate him a little…he also back flips.” (sic) Fan Karen Bailey tweeted: “#kateandkoji one of the best things on TV at the moment. @BrendaBlethyn is comic genius.” (sic) Gavin Owen added: “Another great episode of Kate and Koji on @ITV last night really hope it gets a third series #kateandkoji #comedy #ITV.” Kate & Koji concludes with a double-bill on ITV on Wednesday from 9pm.