Lando Norris and Max Verstappen made a joke about George Russell after both secured top-three finishes in the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. Norris joked that if he wanted to be like Russell he would claim he had the ‘seventh-fastest car’ despite his podium. Verstappen joked back that Norris should claim it's ‘all the driver’ and had the ‘worst car’. As the joke continued, Norris then claimed McLaren were the ‘ninth or tenth’ fastest car on the grid but his ‘amazing’ driving was what made the difference. Norris’ third-placed finish secured McLaren’s first podium of the season just weeks after the team finished 14th and 15th in Bahrain. Speaking after the race, Norris said: “I mean, if I want to be like George, I'll say I had like the seventh fastest car!" Verstappen replied: “You should say it’s all the driver, mate! All the driver! You had the worst car!" READ MORE: Max Verstappen rubs salt in Lewis Hamilton's wounds after lapping Brit Norris responded: “It is. Yeah, we’re ninth or tenth – but my driving this weekend has been pretty amazing!" The comments come after Russell claimed Mercedes only had the fifth-fastest car moments after scoring a podium at the Australian Grand Prix. Russell secured fourth in yesterday’s race which ensured the Mercedes rookie is the only driver on the grid to have four top-five finishes this season. However, Russell still claimed he was ‘fortunate’ after the race yesterday and claimed the team needed to find a ‘better compromise’ to ensure it can challenge for stronger results. He added: "I’m relatively pleased to maximise the points available this weekend. Whether we’re getting the most out of the car is a different story and I do think things have fallen slightly in our favour with these first four races. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen felt Imola win was deserved after Charles Leclerc issue [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen wins Imola GP as Lewis Hamilton endures fresh nightmare [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen takes swipe at Red Bull engineer on team radio [PICS] “I’m really happy with this P4, but if we want to sustain this position in the championship, we need to find more pace.” Russell’s consistency has paid off with the former Williams man fourth in the drivers' standings and only 37 points behind Charles Leclerc. Norris’ podium means he has now jumped Lewis Hamilton in the drivers’ standings to sixth. Hamilton has struggled with the new Mercedes package and could only manage 13th in yesterday’s race. The seven-time champion has now had two poor results this season after his 10th in Saudi Arabia.