Johnny Depp took to the stand on Tuesday to give his testimony as his $50million defamation case rolls on. The Pirates of the Caribbean star filed the lawsuit over a piece Heard wrote for the Washington Post in December 2018, in which she claimed to be a victim of domestic abuse. While Depp was not named in the pinion piece, he has stated the claims are part of an “elaborate hoax” against him. Reflecting on the ongoing lawsuit, ITV host Lorraine Kelly spoke to Ross King, who touched on the latest details to emerge. Testifying on Tuesday, Depp commented on how the allegations made by Heard have impacted his Hollywood career. He told the court: “I felt a responsibility to not only clear my name for the sake of, for many reasons, but I wanted to clear my children of this horrid thing that they were having to read about their father which was untrue. “And also, after many years of being in this industry, at the time I’d probably been in the industry about 30 plus years, 35 years, never had any problems or anything like that. “I’d met many people over the years and had the opportunity to talk to those people and even give advice to these people and I’m not… READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge “My goal is the truth, my goal is the truth, because it killed me that people I had spoken with and met with over the years, who were maybe in not such a great position and needed advice, and I gave them the best advice I could. “All I could think of was those people would think that I was a fraud and I had lied to them. “And, so I had to wait for my opportunity to address the charges, which were criminal charges.” He continued: “They just weren’t true so I felt the responsibility of clearing the record, and the only way I could get to the point where I could speak has taken this full six years. “It’s been six years of trying times. It’s very strange when one day you’re Cinderella so to speak and then in 0.6 seconds you’re Quasimodo.” Watching a clip of Depp in court, Kelly commented: “Gosh that is actually painful to watch, it really is. It’s very, very sad. “He did as well Ross, he spoke as well about the first time he met Amber Heard and how that relationship kind of took off.” “Yeah Lorraine, I mean they went into absolutely everything,” King replied. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp rewrote Jack Sparrow in Pirates of the Caribbean [INSIGHT]Johnny Depp ‘ashamed’ of texts about Amber Heard's 'rotting corpse' [LAEST]Johnny Depp says he's 'never struck' ex-wife Amber Heard [UPDATE] “He’s going to be back in court later on today. They went through everything from how many times he’d met Amber Heard’s parents, her sister, etc.” The lawsuit continues this week and is expected to take place over the next six weeks. Depp also told the court how Heard snapped at him when he took off his own boots rather than wait for her to remove them. He recalled: “I worked quite a lot and when I came home from work I’d come in the house and she’d sit me down and give me a glass of wine and take my boots off and set them to the side. “I’ve never experienced anything like that in my life. I never experienced that and it became a regular thing, kind of routine. “One night I came home and she was on the phone, I took my boots off, suddenly Ms Heard approached with this look on her face, she just said ‘What did you just do? What did you do?’” Depp claimed Heard told him: “That’s my job. You don’t do that, I do that.” after that, the actor said he “started to notice other tidbits that come out”. Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV from 9am.