The UK has announced a new package of military aid for Ukraine, totalling more than £100 million. The latest support will include more NLAW and Javelin anti-tank weapons, as well as Starstreak air defence systems. The additional spending builds on the £350 million of military aid and around £400m of economic and humanitarian support that the UK has already provided. The new measures were announced on Friday, April 8, before the Prime Minister made his surprise visit to Kyiv. Mr Johnson was the first member of a G7 country to travel to the Ukrainian capital for talks during the conflict. The Ukrainian President hailed the UK's "decisive and significant support" after the meeting. Andriy Sybiha, deputy head of the Ukrainian President's office, wrote in a Facebook post: "The UK is the leader in defence support for Ukraine. "The leader in the anti-war coalition. "The leader in sanctions against the Russian aggressor." The Prime Minister praised Mr Zelensky's "resolute leadership" and hailed "the invincible heroism and courage of the Ukrainian people", in a statement issued after the talks. He said: "Ukraine has defied the odds and pushed back Russian forces from the gates of Kyiv. "I made clear today that the United Kingdom stands unwaveringly with them in this ongoing fight, and we are in it for the long run. "We are stepping up our own military and economic support and convening a global alliance to bring this tragedy to an end, and ensure Ukraine survives and thrives as a free and sovereign nation." After their talks, the two leaders went on a walkabout in the Ukrainian capital. READ MORE: Marine Le Pen's Brexit warning to UK: 'Raise our voice!' The Prime Minister entered into conversation with a passerby and shook his hand. Later, Ukraine's Ministry of Defence posted a video of the walk to its Twitter page. They wrote: "At a handshake distance. @BorisJohnson and @ZelenskyyUa walked through the center of Kyiv and talked to ordinary Kyivans. "This is what democracy looks like. This is what courage looks like. "This is what true friendship between peoples and between nations looks like." DON'T MISS'Less of the blathering buffoon' Piers Morgan praises Boris Johnson [REVEAL]Boris Johnson compared to Churchill after surprise trip to Kyiv [SPOTLIGHT]Brexit LIVE: Lord Frosts blasts EU for not scrutinising Russia links [INSIGHT] Mr Johnson also received praise from some unlikely quarters for his open show of solidarity toward Ukraine and its people. Former BBC reporter and investigative journalist John Sweeney said: Fair play to @BorisJohnson. "I don't like him one little bit. But it's good that he's in Kyiv."