Their intervention has been prompted by the release of shocking figures showing that many departments have much reduced levels of staffing. The Department of Education is at the bottom of the pile with only 25 per cent of its staff working in offices. The Home Office at a moment of crisis with Ukrainian refugees needing visas processed, plus thousands of illegal migrants surging across the Channel, has a woeful attendance rate of 42 per cent. With a war in Ukraine, less than a third of the Foreign Office are at their desks, which perhaps explains why they were caught napping in 2021 when the Afghan capital Kabul fell to the Taliban. But perhaps they were taking their cue from their boss, Sir Philip Barton, on £185,000 a year, who was on an 11-day summer holiday during the debacle. The Department of Transport, ultimately responsible for the backlog in HGV driver applications that caused an inflation-triggering supply crisis last year, has just 48 per cent of its bureaucrats at desks. Never have Britons been under more stress thanks to a cost-of-living crisis, rising inflation and a war in Europe, and yet the government employees who should be helping to deal with these issues are keen to stay at home enjoying their new work-life balance whilst being paid the same wages as if they were commuting every day. With families facing rocketing price increases, it seems a supreme indulgence to have highly paid bureaucrats enjoying the benefits of guaranteed wages and pensions while sitting at home. Permanent Secretary Sarah Healey exemplified this cushy life by revealing how working from home gave her more time to ride her luxury Peloton exercise bike. Heading the Department of Digital, Cultural Media and Sports on an annual income of £170,000, it really put out the wrong message to the thousands of civil servants working beneath her - and still only 43 per cent of them are getting off their exercise bikes. Even worse, she got a £20,000 bonus last year while working from home. "There are severe signs of the civil service not being as effective as it should be," says Tory MP Sir Geoffrey Clifton-Brown, "and I think that's because for the bulk of the period they need to be back at work."  Needless to say it is civil service unions that are leading the campaign for staying at home, with one saying "ministers should be concerned with what is being delivered by civil servants, not where their desk is". But their poorly performing reality has been revealed by several recent bureaucratic created problems. The latest civil service revolt against Priti Patel's popular Rwandan illegal migrant solution is just another example of them dragging their feet on delivering policies. Levelling up minister Michael Gove might be trumpeting his latest measure to help Britain's declining high streets - forcing landlords to let empty shops to community groups - but by far the biggest lever government can pull to help decaying city centres is to get civil servants back in their offices where they can spend their taxpayer provided money in high street businesses. "To deliver this," says Jacob Rees-Mogg, "the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and I urge you to issue a clear message to civil servants in your department to ensure a rapid return to the office." Otherwise, the taxpayer should demand civil servants have their wages cut and their huge offices sold off to reflect their reduced input in to the nation's daily life. It has been estimated working from home has cost city centres £3billion in lost revenue over the last year. Bearingin mind the economic stimulus government departments can bring to the country, whatever happened to Boris' plan to move the House of Lords out of Westminster to either York or Birmingham? This would be a brilliant demonstration of his levelling up agenda, spreading around much-needed jobs and expenditure. With local elections fast approaching, it is time now for the Tories to show they are on our side by demanding we get better value from our civil servants and start delivering on the PM's promises. Trimming government fat is just what is needed during this cost-ofliving crisis. 