Former Great British Bake Off host Sue Perkins has taken to Twitter to lament the sale of Channel 4 by the government. The comedian's tweet comes after the Government has pushed ahead with the privatisation of the channel despite the broadcaster urging to keep it under public ownership. In view of her 1.2 million followers, the star shared her thoughts on the move. Sue wrote: "A government that talks about celebrating British achievements in the same breath as selling them off to foreign investors. "We are sunk." The channel will reportedly be sold off by the Government for at least £1billion in the biggest privatisation in nine years - since the Royal Mail went private. READ MORE: Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home The move risks the channel falling into the hands of streaming platforms such as Netflix or Amazon Prime. The new flagship Media Bill, set to be discussed in the Queen's speech next month, will enable ministers to sell the channel ahead of the next election. It comes after a series of clashes between the Tories and Channel 4 ahead of the 2019 election. In the same year, Dorothy Byrne - Channel 4's boss - branded Boris Johnson a "known liar" and "coward" and compared him to Russian President Vladimir Putin during a conversation at a TV festival. Similarly, Channel 4's former lead presenter Jon Snow was filmed screaming "f*** the Toris" at Glastonbury in 2017. The proceeds of the sale are expected to be earmarked for levelling up funds by “putting money into independent production and wider creative skills in priority parts of the country". Responding to the announcement that the move was going ahead, a spokesperson for Channel 4 said: "With over 60,000 submissions to the government's public consultation, it is disappointing that today's announcement has been made without formally recognising the significant public interest concerns which have been raised." They added that there needed to be a "lengthy legislative process and political debate", saying: "Channel 4 remains legally committed to its unique public-service remit. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan responds to Gary Linker following jibe over new show [ANALYSIS]Carol Vorderman issues distressing warning over online abuse [INSIGHT]Monty Don divides fans by unveiling big team behind his famous garden [UPDATE] The focus for the organisation will be on how we can ensure we deliver the remit to both our viewers and the British creative economy across the whole of the UK." Following her post, Sue's followers took to the comments to weigh in on the sale with their thoughts. @EleanorSews replied: "We aren’t sunk, we are FURIOUS." @SharonP93081142 claimed: "Yes, the government is sinking into the mire and dragging us with it." While @dave43law called on the comedian to front a campaign against the privatisation. They wrote: "We can fight the sale of Channel 4 - needs a crowd of celebrities to rise up and challenge the narrative as the House of Lords can block this - you must know a few people," he added alongside a laughing face. @sobusybbeez backed the call and added: "Sue we need you and as many of your well known friends as possible to get together - we will support you. "The Hacked off group managed to change things - please please get together a team to fight this destruction of our culture. Thank you."