According to people polled for a new Ipsos survey, almost half of Britons have a favourable view of the Royal Family and want to see the Queen’s reign continue. Out of the 2,055 Britons aged between 16 to 75 polled online from March 24 to March 25, 44 percent believe Britain would be worse off if the monarchy was abolished. The figure was twice that of those who thought it would be better for Britain to see the Firm’s reign being scrapped. A quarter of respondents though believe it would make no difference. Opinions of the monarchy were more split when it comes to Gen Z’s and millennials – those aged 16-34 - though. A third thought abolishing the monarchy would be worse for Britain.  While 29 percent said it would be better for the country. The Ipsos study also questioned the longevity of the Royal Family, with many Britons expecting to see the monarchy’s tenure continue. However, looking further into the future appears to cast some doubts among respondents about how long the Firm will last. Three-quarters of responders expect Britain will have a monarchy in 10 years. This dips to 68 percent when considering if Britain will still have a monarchy in 20 years.Even fewer expect to see a monarchy in Britain in 50 years time, with just 45 percent thinking it’ll still be a focal point by then.The responses come despite a series of scandals that have impacted the Royal Family in recent years. Two years ago, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped back from their royals as senior royals in order to pursue a financially independent life away from the Firm in the US. READ MORE: 'A special bond' Kate 'checks in with Queen every single day' After quitting duties, Meghan, 40, and Harry, 37, took part in a sit-down interview with Oprah Winfrey where the pair made a series of bombshell claims about their time as royals. The couple mentioned "concerns and conversations" which had been raised by a member of the family about what colour Archie's skin would be.Harry claimed he and his father had a strained relationship, and also claimed Charles and his brother William were “trapped”. A statement was issued by Buckingham Palace in the aftermath which said the Royal Family was “saddened to learn the full extent of how challenging the last few years have been for Harry and Meghan”. It added that “while some recollections may vary” the issues were “taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately”. Another bombshell that rocked the Royal Family was Prince Andrew’s sexual abuse civil case which was brought against him by one of Epstein’s victims, Virginia Giuffre. DON'T MISS Charles 'should let Wills leapfrog him to throne', say 42% of Britons [REVEAL] Kate Middleton 'didn't want to make it too easy' for Prince William [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan make up two of the three least popular royals [REPORT] Andrew reached a settlement with Ms Giuffre last month formally ending the civil case brought against him in the US. The out-of-court settlement accepted no liability and the Duke of York has always strongly rejected claims of wrongdoing. Further turmoil for the royals came when it was announced that Scotland Yard looking into allegations that Prince Charles’ charity was involved in a cash for honours scandal. The Prince’s Foundation, Charles’s charitable body, is at the heart of a criminal inquiry into allegations that a Saudi donor was offered help in securing a knighthood. Clarence House previously released a statement reading: “The Prince of Wales had no knowledge of the alleged offer of honours or British citizenship on the basis of donation to his charities.”  While a spokesperson for the Prince’s Foundation said: “It would be inappropriate to comment on an ongoing investigation.” Despite the controversies, the latest Ipsos survey highlighted half of Britons have a favourable opinion of the Royal Family as a whole, with many who will form key roles in the future of the Firm ranking well among the public. Sixty-nine percent of Britons showed a favourable opinion towards the Queen. While, 64 percent of people have a favourable opinion of her grandson Prince William while 60 percent of respondents think favourably of his wife the Duchess of Cambridge. And 43 percent have a positive opinion of heir to the throne Prince Charles, while 36 percent feel positively towards his wife and future Queen Consort Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall.