Latest figures show just 12,000 Ukrainian refugees have arrived in the UK under two schemes to help those displaced by Vladimir Putin’s war, yet there have been more than 80,000 applicants. Around 10,800 of these have arrived through the Ukraine family scheme — those who have existing family ties to the UK. Just 1,200, however, have arrived through the Homes for Ukraine sponsorship scheme. More than 200,000 Britons are thought to have expressed interest in opening their homes to a refugee under the new initiative. Home Secretary Priti Patel apologised “with frustration” late last week over the delays. Conservative MP for North Thanet Sir Roger Gale played an instrumental role in bringing one family to the UK, having personally organised for Sergei and Oksana Koletvinov and their children to stay with his daughter last month. Just weeks after calling for Ms Patel’s resignation in the House of Commons, he tells Express.co.uk that the Home Office’s response to the crisis has been “acutely embarrassing”. He said: “I am so beside myself with anger at the way the Home Office has behaved, in the way we are not facilitating refugees.” “The bureaucracy is unbelievable. Now, the Home Secretary says rather grandly, ‘Well, we have to be careful because Russian spies could come in posing as Ukrainians’. VOTE: 'Would Rishi Sunak make a good PM?' - VOTE NOW “From your memory and mine, the last two Russian spies that came over to try and poison the Skripals in Salisbury came in on visitors visas. “That’s how good we are at stopping Russian spies coming in. “If the Russians want to get spies into the country, they will, as I’m sure we get spies into Russia.” Sir Roger went out to Calais shortly after war broke out in Ukraine and spoke to several Ukrainian refugees, finding a home for the Koletvinov family in a village just outside Canterbury. The Tory MP, whose constituency covers from Margate to Herne Bay, also travelled to Lille in an attempt to find the visa centre in the city. He said: “Let me put it this way, it’s very well concealed if it does because the world’s press and me couldn’t find it, and neither could the Croix Rouge — the French Red Cross.” He continued: “I said at the time, when I came back from Calais, that this facility did not exist, and that the Home Secretary had misled the house, and under any normal circumstances that would be a resignation issue. “Well, it hasn’t happened, of course. “But I firmly believe that the Home Secretary has to take full and total responsibility for this.” The Home Secretary insisted this weekend that the UK will “absolutely see changes in numbers” as work continues, but denied visa requirements and checks are slowing the process and causing delays. DON'T MISS:EU plot to raid £560tn London market dealt hammerblow [REPORT]Rishi Sunak refuses to resign as inquiry is launched [NEW]New 'lethal' weapons Britain will send Ukraine to obliterate Russia [REVEALED] The Red Cross has urged Downing Street to temporarily lift all visa requirements, as other countries have. More than 4.5 million people have fled Ukraine since Putin invaded, with neighbouring Poland taking in more than 2.5 million of these. In contrast to the UK, Germany has already taken in more than 320,000 Ukrainian refugees. Sir Roger said: “I said at the beginning, before Keir Starmer or anyone else was saying it, that we should have adopted the same system as the rest of Europe, and indeed countries beyond Europe, and just taken anybody with a valid, current Ukrainian passport, or children without passports if they were with an adult with a passport. “And we should have done that. “We should have married up people with receiving families as swiftly as possible.” Sir Roger added that a number of his constituents had offered to house Ukrainians, with some of those considering heading over to Calais in a bid to meet the families and speed up the paperwork process. Some Ukrainian refugees are already giving up on the Homes for Ukraine scheme, according to recent reports. They have turned to other countries for help, with some returning to the warzone after running out of both money and patience. Daria Matsuk left her home in Zaporizhzhia, and has been staying in a hotel in Bulgaria while she tries to get to the UK. She told the i this weekend: “I’m considering trying other countries, maybe Canada or Ireland. “I did consider giving up. I guess that’s what the UK Government wants. “I’ve seen lots of people offering houses again because their sponsees decided to go elsewhere.”