James Martin’s Saturday Morning celebrated its Easter special episode today with the TV chef, 49, back in the ITV kitchen cooking up a feast while in the company of 80s music icon Paul Young and Rosemary Shrager. However, viewers at home were “irritated” over guest Rosemary, who was interviewed by the cook. TV presenter, Rosemary, is best known for being an haute cuisine teacher on the reality television programme Ladette to Lady and as a judge on Soapstar Superchef. The 71-year-old host also appeared on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! in 2012. However, fans of the ITV cooking programme expressed frustration about the reality star on social media. Posting on Twitter, @lizzy57 said: “Love @jamesmartinchef, but turned it off this morning."(sic) READ MORE:Emmerdale theory: Maya Stepney returns to take down Meena Jutla They went on to add: @RosemaryShrager shreaking was too much for a Saturday morning.” Another viewer, @nick0510 echoed: “Does rosemary shrager ever stop for breath on @jamesmartinchef show. B***** hell!!!"(sic) They added: “Even James can't get a word in!!!!!” @Sweggers fumed: “How irritating is #RosemaryShrager? #jamesmartin.” However, others praised the culinary expert for her enthusiasm and claimed she “put a smile” on their faces. @NeilMorris18 gushed: “@jamesmartinchef love that lady on the programme this morning - haven’t got a clue who she is - sitting here eating me Weetabix with a smile on me face - love people like her. “James Martin - putting normality back in the world on Saturday mornings.” @tequila127 beamed: "Watching on +1… loving Rosemary Shrager she’s such an exuberant wonderful lady!” along with a love heart smile emoji. While @Noodles2312 simply wrote: “Such enthusiasm about everything @RosemaryShrager @jamesmartinchef.” Despite her larger than life personality and infectious laugh, the mother-of-two said she hadn’t always been confident, especially before entering the I’m A Celeb jungle a decade ago. She told the Daily Mail: “I had lots of sleepless nights. “We had to do a publicity shoot in London before we went to Australia where we all had to be pictured in our camp gear which was trousers and T-shirts. “I was in a frenzy about it as I hadn’t worn trousers for 30 years." She went on to say: “When I got changed, they couldn’t find any to fit me.” Furthermore, the TV star was delighted to appear alongside James on Saturday as she posted a snap of herself beside the restaurateur, captioning the post: “Don’t forget to tune into James Martin’s Saturday morning show from 9.30 am today. The reality star added: “Happy Easter Everyone. x” James Martin’s Saturday Morning airs Saturday on ITV at 9:30am 