Gary Lineker has applauded Leeds United fans for their grand gesture towards club hero Marcelo Bielsa in the Argentine newspaper La Capital. The iconic coach was dismissed in February after a turbulent run of results left the Whites teetering on the brink of Premier League relegation. Almost two months after he was sacked, fans are still paying tribute to the 66-year-old and made sure he got wind of their latest thanks by taking it to his place of birth. A full-page advert was published in La Capital on Saturday, the biggest newspaper in Rosario, Argentina, with the boldly-written message 'Thank you Marcelo' followed by an emotional statement. "We stood in the August 2018 sun mesmerised by football we didn't know was possible," it read, "And we felt something again. You reminded us that football can be beautiful and that a team can be greater than the sum of its parts. Side before self. "And you gave us so much more than football. You took us through a pandemic and brought us together while we were all apart. You showed us that integrity and decency matter, in good times and bad. JUST IN: Arsenal ready 'important proposal' to Paulo Dybala as Juventus ace set for 'three offers' "You embraced our fears and turned our despair into hope and our footballers into heroes. You improved us all. You restored our pride, gave us joy and created precious memories that will last a lifetime. And it was beautiful, Marcelo. And it will always be so very beautiful. Thank you." Lineker, who spent three years with Barcelona, applauded Leeds fans for their efforts with the message "Bien hecho", which translates to 'well done'. The England hero wished Bielsa well at the time of his sacking, commending him for the 'swashbuckling football' that he brought to the Premier League. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal Leeds made the tough decision to pull the trigger after a 4-0 thrashing at home to Tottenham left them hovering two points above the relegation zone. Bielsa appeared to have no answers for a torrid run of results, but his exit was mourned by the Elland Road faithful all the same. The Argentine held esteemed managerial posts with the likes of Argentina, Chile and Athletic Bilbao but stuck with Leeds in the Championship for two seasons before securing promotion to the top flight for the first time in 16 years. His courageous and entertaining brand of football led them to a superb ninth-place finish last campaign, although injuries stopped all momentum this time around.  With the worst defensive record in the Premier League, the Whites turned towards Jesse Marsch who, to his credit, has steered the club towards safety. Now into the season's final stretch, Leeds are nine points clear of trouble although the games in hand enjoyed by the chasing pack could alter the relegation landscape. Fans may feel more positive about their survival prospects after Burnley controversially sacked long-serving manager Sean Dyche on Saturday, with club captain Ben Mee now forming part of a makeshift caretaker coaching staff.