Bayern Munich will reportedly demand £33million for Robert Lewandowski this summer, should they fail to convince the prolific Pole to commit to a new contract. The Bundesliga champions are understood to be determined to retain the 33-year-old, however Barcelona appear ready to pounce amid reports the striker 'won't sign a new deal'.  Lewandowski's current contract with Bayern is set to expire in the summer of 2023, and with no agreement over an extension reached, the current Bundesliga leaders have been forced to consider selling their star striker. According to Bild, Bayern do not wish to see the Pole depart, however, should he refuse to commit to a new deal, the Bavarians are understood to have accepted they may need to cash in on him this summer. The German outlet report that Bayern would be willing to listen to offers for Lewandowski at the end of the season as they seek to avoid losing him on a free transfer next summer. With that in mind, the Bundesliga giants are understood to have placed a price tag of 'at least' €40m (£33m) upon the free-scoring forward. Bayern are growing increasingly fearful of losing Lewandowski and such concerns won't have been helped by news from the striker's homeland that a change of scenery appears on the cards. According to Polish television channel TVP Sport, Lewandowski will reject the club's offers over a new deal as he has already lined up his next club. READ MORE: Lacazette's disrespectful interview proves why Arsenal cannot give him new deal  Barcelona continue to be the club most heavily-linked with securing the striker's signature and, according to reports in Spain, via Sport, the La Liga side are 'happy to meet' Lewandowski's demands by offering him the three-year deal he desires. The Pole's camp are believed to have contacted Barcelona officials to alert them to his 'market situation' as Bayern remain reluctant to table such terms. Reports of Bayern setting an asking price for Lewandowski come a matter of days after the club's CEO Oliver Kahn dismissed suggestions the striker could depart this summer. Kahn told Amazon Prime: "We definitely have Robert with us for another season. DON'T MISSBanned Conor Gallagher sends Chelsea and Thomas Tuchel message after FA Cup semi triumph [SOCIAL]Jurgen Klopp has already told Liverpool how to beat Man City to the Premier League title [QUOTES]Five Premier League clubs Coutinho could join with Aston Villa plans in tatters[TRANSFERS]  "We know what we have in him and we're relaxed about it. Apparently there's a competition out there: 'Who will tell the biggest nonsense story about Robert Lewandowski?' Talks will continue. We're not crazy and are [not] discussing the transfer of a player who scores between 30 and 40 goals with us every season." Lewandowski remains one of Europe's most highly-rated marksman with the forward having hit a staggering 47 goals in just 42 Bayern outings so far this campaign. The striker's exploits have seen him surpass the 40-goal milestone for a seventh successive season.  