The Conservative MP for Tiverton and Honiton has spoken publicly following the allegations. The Conservative party has suspended the whip from the parliamentarian pending an investigation into claims he viewed explicit images on the green benches of the House of Commons. Mr Parish told reporters: "It's embarrassing and it's embarrassing for my wife and family and so that's my main concern at the moment." Asked by a reporter if he understood the upset that he might have caused, the MP replied: "Of course, I do and I apologise for that. "But I will still await the finding of the inquiry." The reporter pressed: "But you maintain this was something that was sent to you, it was not something that you had searched?"  "I will await the finding of the inquiry," repeated Mr Parish. The 65-year-old MP's wife Sue Parish told the Times: "It was all very embarrassing. "He's quite a normal guy, really. He's a lovely person." "It's just so stupid," she added.  The select committee chairman has rejected calls to stand down immediately as an MP but has said he would be continuing his "duties" as an MP for Tiverton and Honiton, in Devon, while "cooperating fully" with investigators. He said he would only consider his position after the conclusion of an inquiry, having earlier been revealed to be the subject of the allegations, ending days of speculation after the claims surfaced during a meeting of Tory MPs on Tuesday. Conservative former Cabinet minister Karen Bradley said she "would urge him not to come into Parliament" while under investigation and was clear he must quit if found guilty. She told Channel 4 News: "I'm struggling to find an excuse, I'm struggling to find a reason that might mean it was acceptable but let's let the investigation take its course."  Labour's Harriet Harman, who is the longest-standing female MP, called on Mr Parish to stand down amid a "new low for the House of Commons". "If this is what he has done, he should stand down from Parliament right away. It is not right for him to go through the investigation processes if that is what he has done," she told BBC Radio 4's PM programme. "Clearly he is not fit to be in Parliament. "He should accept that and not drag the processes out."