Prince Harry and Meghan Markle married at St George's Chapel, Windsor, back in 2018. Meghan was every bit the beautiful bride for her big day in her Givenchy white gown. A long-standing royal tradition meant Meghan could borrow a tiara from the Queen for her wedding day.  Meghan had reportedly wanted to wear an emerald tiara, but the final choice was made by the Queen. This may have been the emerald Greville tiara, which was worn by Princess Eugenie when she married Jack Brooksbank, just six months after Meghan's wedding. Alexandra Michell, Gemologist at Prestige Pawnbrokers of Channel 4’s Posh Pawn told Express.co.uk: "The tiara originally belonged to Dame Margaret Greville and was left to the Queen Mother in 1942. "It then subsequently passed to Her Majesty, and it had not been worn by any member of the Royal Family until Prince Andrew’s daughter showed it off beautifully complimented by her dark wispy hair on her wedding day. “It was made by Boucheron in 1919 for Mrs Greville and is made from platinum and pave set with rose-cut and brilliant-cut diamonds as well as six emerald cut emeralds either side of the centre, rub-over set with the impressive 93.7cts cabochon-cut emerald,” the expert noted. How much would this tiara be worth in comparison? Alexandra added: “With such strong historical provenance, from Mrs Greville to the Queen Mother, and now the Queen, an elegant jewel such as this would be estimated to fetch £5-10million at auction." Instead, Meghan wore Queen Mary's Bandeau Tiara for her nuptials.  The Duchess has been the only royal bride to wear this tiara for a wedding in recent decades, making it a very unique choice. Like all of the royal tiaras, Queen Mary's Bandeau Tiara is steeped in royal history. The precious diadem was first introduced into the Royal Family by Queen Mary, the wife of King George V. Queen Mary's Bandeau Tiara is bedecked in diamonds and precious metal, and it even features a detachable brooch.  The tiara was specifically designed to accommodate a brooch, which was given to then-Princess Mary by the County of Lincoln to mark her marriage. Daena Borrowman, Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke to Express.co.uk about the tiara. She said: "The art deco style Queen Mary Diamond Bandeau Tiara consists of diamonds and platinum fashioned into 11 sections interlaced with ovals and pave diamonds. "The tiara is crested by an eye-catching, detachable, 10 diamond-studded flower-shaped brooch from 1893, given to the then Princess Mary at the time of her wedding to Prince George.  "The actual tiara itself was created in 1932 with the express purpose of accommodating the special brooch. "It had its most iconic moment in 2018 when Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex wore it on her wedding day." The current Queen Elizabeth II inherited the tiara when her grandmother died in 1953. Although the Royal Family is unlikely to ever part with the beautiful diadem, it would be worth a staggering sum should it ever be sold. Daena added: "Its current value is £2million and the average Briton might only be able to afford it after 60 years of hard work." 