On Wednesday, the Princess Royal, 71, and Kate, 40, joined forces for a visit centred on improving maternal health. The pair’s rare joint engagement saw them visiting the London headquarters of the Royal College of Midwives (RCM) and Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG). Princess Anne and the Duchess of Cambridge have only ever been pictured together before at family events. Today’s visit came as Anne is patron of the Royal College of Midwives while the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists is one of Kate’s patronages. The building visited by Their Royal Highnesses houses a collection of women’s healthcare organisations and the hub has been designed by the RCOG to foster collaboration across the sector. Upon arrival, the Princess and Duchess were welcomed by RCM chief executive Gill Walton and RCOG president Dr Edward Morris. However, the actions of the pair had royal fans excitedly talking before their royal visit had kicked off fully. Footage shows Kate and Anne climbing out of a black car together while photographers snap pictures of the pair. In the video, the Duchess of Cambridge can be seen hanging back so that Anne can step out in front of her as they approach the building. Many praised Kate for her actions describing them as both “dignified” and “respectful”. One royal fan called ‘Sarahinroyal’ wrote: “You can notice The Duchess is walking behind The Princess Royal” while Angela added: “Catherine is respectful and lovely.” READ MORE: Princess Eugenie 'orchestrated' Meghan and Queen's first meeting While another with the username BRFguards also commended the Duchess for being “respectful” towards Princess Anne. They wrote: “Love how Catherine waited for her aunt, Princess Anne, to go a little ahead. It just shows how respectful she is to her in-laws.” A user called Jen agreed with their statement, commenting beneath: “I love that too. She is always so dignified and respectful”. A fourth with the user ‘Issuesofmytime’ pointed out that when accompanied by Prince William, Kate is of a higher rank than Anne, due to being married to an heir to the throne. However, at today’s visit, Princess Royal is the more senior member. DON'T MISS Queen's photographer lifts lid on what monarch is like behind the lens [INSIGHT] Calls for Prince Andrew to lose Duke title after York honour loss [REVEAL]Harry felt marrying Meghan was best way to get her police protection [REPORT] The user praised the Duchess for her actions towards Anne who is extremely dedicated to royal service. They wrote: “What I love about this is that Catherine showed her respect and due deference to the woman who’s been grinding for decades even when she didn’t have to. “She could’ve walked ahead, but she didn’t because she knows who the OG is.” Eileen chimed in to describe Kate’s actions as “instinctive”, before adding: “[It’s] never oh look at me getting it right. She really is the jewel in the Crown.” While Susan gushed: “Yes. Kate really is an intelligent, skilled woman, very refined. Excellent at what she does.” During their visit, Anne and Kate watched a demonstration of a new Intrapartum Fetal Surveillance tool, which monitors the safety of babies during labour in order to move to an emergency delivery if the baby’s head gets stuck in the mother’s pelvis. The tool is one developed over the past five years by the Avoiding Brain Injury in Childbirth collaboration. The organisation hopes to pilot the tool later this year and roll it out to all British maternity service centres in 2023. Anne and Kate also met with representatives from Tommy’s National Centre for Maternity Improvement and learned about the innovative digital tools that are being developed to identify and support women with higher-risk pregnancies.