Many throughout the UK will be travelling to visit family and friends on the first Easter without harsh coronavirus restrictions in three years. But as the cost of living crisis pushes millions of households into financial difficulty, there are ways you can shave money off your bills by fully switching off or unplugging some everyday household appliances. Plenty of everyday electrical devices can still consume energy, even when you’re not actively using them. Energy bills rose this month by 54 percent for millions of households, and rampant inflation is pushing costs up across the board. As the long-awaited Easter Bank Holiday weekend approaches, many are looking for extra cash to spend on time with family and friends - instead of spending unnecessary amounts on high energy bills. Thomas Goodman from MyJobQuote revealed the appliances you should switch off or unplug before you leave home for the long weekend. READ MORE: UK and EU food prices compared: How much YOUR weekly food shop cost WiFi is one household essential that never gets turned off - but if you’re not using it, you could save yourself a couple of quid by unplugging. Mr Goodman said: “As Wi-Fi routers are meant to be left on all the time, they use a relatively small amount of energy and aren’t the biggest energy drainer you could get. “As the average WiFi router uses just 0.008 kWh, turning it off for a seven-day holiday would save just under £2." If you’re leaving home for a period of more than a few days and the temperature isn’t low, it’s worth turning off your boiler to save money. Mr Goodman explained: “If you are going on holiday during the warmer, summer months then it is advisable to turn your boiler off, as you simply won’t be needing it while on holiday. “Be mindful, however, as some boiler systems may cause more issues when turned off for a long period of time and can result in issues such as your valve or pump seizing up.” DON'T MISSUK and EU food prices compared: How much YOUR weekly food shop cost [INSIGHT]You could save £303 on your utility bills with just 'few adjustments' [ANALYSIS]Save money on energy bills: How to make your fridge more efficient [EXPLAINER] According to Mr Goodman, leaving your kettle and toaster plugged in over a period of seven days can add an extra £14 to your electricity bill. Mr Goodman explained: “Both the kettle and toaster are not only fire hazards, but are significant energy drains when left plugged in. “A typical toaster and kettle left plugged in and switched on will still use electricity, even though they are not in active use, both together can increase your energy bill during a seven day holiday by over £14!” Mr Goodman said: “On average, a dripping tap left on adds just under £11 per month, resulting in £130.80 added to your annual bill.” To avoid either an increased water bill, simply turn off your stopcock - you can usually find this under a kitchen or bathroom sink.