Over 7,000 seasonal jobs will be created by the Newcastle holiday park operator in the coming weeks. The Gosforth firm owns 66 holiday parks across the UK. The company has confirmed plans to invest £140million for this upcoming season. This is the most significant sum the holiday park has ever invested in the resorts to date. Parkdean will be creating new and upgraded accommodation, including 850 new caravans and lodges, refreshed chalets, and new facilities for guests. READ MORE: Ryanair flight to Alicante declares emergency after take-off  A total of 13 parks have received new pitches and developments this year giving guests the chance to become holiday homeowners. The holiday park will also have a new park-wide Wi-Fi coming to caravans at 50 parks by the end of the year. Three parks – Newquay in Cornwall, Southview in Skegness, and Naze Marine, in Walton-on-the-Naze, Essex – will also offer brand new activities for guests.  The parks will continue with their popular brand partnerships, Bear Grylls’ Survival Academy, Tots’ Breaks, and entertainment from Milkshake and Nickelodeon. The company will be soon recruiting 7,000 seasonal jobs across sales, food and beverage, and housekeeping. This year will see another staycation boom with advance holiday bookings at record levels. Chief executive of Parkdean Resorts, Steve Richards, explained that the investment comes after a record year of customer feedback scores for the holiday park. Mr Richards said: “This investment is great news for our customers, staff and the local economies in which we operate. "By investing in our parks we’re not only improving the guest experience. "We’re also ensuring that holidaymakers keep coming back year after year, spending money in local shops, attractions, pubs and restaurants, and supporting the communities which rely so heavily on tourism." He said “2021 was a huge year for staycations, and our teams will continue to go above and beyond to deliver phenomenal service for our guests, making sure that 2022 is even better”. Over 375 trainees joined the company on the Government’s Kickstart scheme last year. More than 550 trainees are set to be recruited this season. Parkdean Resorts is also committed to the environment with several projects and goals the company want to achieve by 2025. These include reducing CO2 by 25 percent and a 75 percent reduction in waste to landfill.