Carol Duffy is worried that she won’t be able to pay her rent after being tricked into handing over the money which she was saving for her retirement. The 57-year-old grandmother is devastated because she may also have to cancel her upcoming wedding. A grandmother from Solihul has shared how she fell victim to a scam because fraudsters tricked her into thinking she was helping the bank stop fraud. Ms Duffy lost £11,800 - money that was earmarked for her retirement - and now fears that she won’t be able to pay her rent this month. She told BirminghamLive : "I was devastated when I realised what had happened. “I've been in tears." READ MORE: ‘I’ve met a famous Hollywood director’ Gran’s extra work pays £250 She continued: "My partner was at work at Land Rover and he received a phone call from a woman claiming to be from the bank, saying someone had tried to take money out of his account. "He couldn't hear her properly so he told her to ring me. “She told me she was from Halifax and said ‘We need your full co-operation because someone is trying to take money out of people's accounts, including yours, and we need to try to catch them'. "I thought 'Okay, I can help people here'." DON'T MISS:Pension savers may be at risk of 55 percent tax charge [WARNING]Martin Lewis' advice if energy firm is doubling your direct debit [ALERT]Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month [INSIGHT]    It’s another example of how fraudsters are becoming increasingly clever, going to new lengths to convince their victims that they are genuine. Ms Duffy added: "That was my pension money and our wedding fund. “We were getting married soon but I don't know if it will be going ahead now - we've a few payments left which we now can't afford and we now owe rent on our house. "It was all our savings. It's left me with nothing, they took all of it." Carol has reported the scam to Halifax, but has only received a partial refund of £823. A Halifax spokesperson said: “Helping keep our customers’ money safe is our priority and we have a great deal of sympathy for Ms Duffy as the victim of a scam. “We fully investigate each individual case and do all we can to get back the money that a victim has lost to fraudsters. "Unfortunately in this case, she authorised the payment despite us blocking the initial transaction and providing relevant warnings about the risk of this being a scam." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Sadly she did not take sufficient steps to verify if the call she received from the fraudster was genuine. “If a customer has any suspicions about activity on their account or, as was the case here, a message or phone call they have received, they should call us using the number on the back of their bank card or on our website. “It’s important for people to be aware their bank will never ask them to transfer money to a different account.” People should stay vigilant and report any suspicious messages to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.