Dillian Whyte has denied that he was dropped by Tyson Fury when the pair used to spar as the war of words between the two continues ahead of Saturday’s bout. The pair will exchange blows in a highly anticipated fight at Wembley Stadium. WBC heavyweight champion Fury is going into the fight having breezed past Deontay Wilder to defend his world titles. And The Gypsy King has claimed that he used Whyte as a ‘punching bag’ when they used to spar. Whyte has twice been drafted in as a sparring partner for Fury. He joined Fury’s camp a decade ago ahead of the 33-year-old’s five-round win over Martin Rogan, before being used again ahead of the doomed battle with David Haye a year later. “I’ve sparred Dillian Whyte many, many times. And every single time I used him as a punching bag. There were times when he couldn’t defend himself and there was a time where we had to stop the sparring and Hughie had to spar him, my cousin Hughie instead,” Fury told BT Sport. JUST IN: Teenage boxer Ali Tazeem dubbed 'next Amir Khan' dies “Hughie was about 18 at the time and he used to batter him. All these stories of him knocking me down 25 times in sparring – highly unlikely anyone believes that rubbish.” But Whyte has a wildly different version of events, despite conceding that he was at times ‘outboxed’ by Fury. The 34-year-old even appeared to imply that it was Fury who was knocked down. “Tyson Fury has never knocked me out and never dropped me. Ask him about the rest of the sparring. I can hold my hands up. He’s never held his hands up and said I’ve never knocked him down or dropped him or anything like that. I’m holding my hands up and saying that Tyson Fury has never knocked me down or dropped me, ever,” Whyte told BT Sport. DON'T MISS...Boxing tonight: Schedules, live streams, how to watch Conor BennTyson Fury hints at retirement announcement after Dillian Whyte fightHaye tips Fury to suffer similar fate to Joshua during Whyte fight “There have been times in sparring when he’s outboxed me because I had never had the experience. He was fighting the likes of Martin Rogan for championships when I had no fights. “I was there for different things - I was learning and I was improving. I’m a realist, I get outboxed sometimes. I put my hands in their air.” Fury is around five inches taller than Whyte. Asked if weight and height could be a deciding factor, the South Londoner responded: “We’ll find out. I’m probably one of the strongest boxers to have ever lived. “Physically, I’m one of the strongest to have ever lived in any area. And I’m not someone to talk lightly about these things. He’s a big guy. He’s taller than me and he’s this, that and everything than me. “Tyson Fury is not the most physically strongest guy. I know that from being around. Look how long it took him to finish off Wilder. Wilder was done after three rounds. Wilder was breathing out of his arse after three rounds.”