Jacob (played by Joe-Warren Plant) was left heartbroken when his girlfriend, Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger), was murdered last year as they were ready to leave Emmerdale and go travelling. Earlier this year, it was revealed to the teenager Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) had killed his lover as she had found out about the other crimes the villain had committed. Although the murderer has now left the ITV soap, the consequences of her actions are going to have an impact on the residents' lives for some time to come and for Jacob, this could result in him making a life-changing decision. Earlier this week, Meena was sentenced to 25 years in prison for murdering Leanna, which came as part of a 75 year combined imprisonment for all the people she had killed in the village. Liam Cavanagh (Johnny McPherson) didn't attend the court hearing to listen to the judge give his verdict but instead, he spoke to his daughter. With some encouragement from Jacob, he was finally able to let go of the past and although he knew his grief would never go, he knew he had got justice for Leanna. As Jacob has also been struggling with his emotions regarding the loss of his girlfriend in recent months, he hasn't really had a big storyline. However, this could be because the writers of the show are gearing up for him to tell his friends and family his journey in the Dales has come to an end. READ MORE: Law and Order delay sparks backlash as NBC fails to air new episodes In one final twist to the Meena saga, he could explain to his parents, David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden) and Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi), he is going to go travelling. This is something Leanna always wanted to do and now they have got justice for her death, the teenager could decide he is going to live out his girlfriend's dream. With no time limit on how long he might be gone, this could be a way of writing him out of the show for a fair few years. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media earlier this year, producer Kate Brooks teased a possible exit could be on the horizon following Meena's sentencing. The soap boss said: "This woman wreaked havoc in the village and destroyed people’s lives, Liam has lost his daughter, Manpreet [Sharma... what hasn't she been through in the past 12 months?" "So I think we were very conscious not to just tie it up in a very neat bow and say okay, now Meena has left and gone from the village, let’s just move on," she continued. "Jacob, he finally found love again with Leanna after Maya [Stepney], so the fact Meena has destroyed that and took that away from him kind of sends him off into a new direction. "So the ramifications will be felt for a long, long time after Meena has left the village. Loads of really exciting stories." With Jacob having been a regular character on the show since his arrival in 2010, an exit for him would prove to be a big moment for the show. After 12 years, viewers could be bidding farewell to the young man they have seen grow and it would certainly be an emotional departure. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker bids sad farewell to co-star Paige Sandhu [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Katie Hill told to go back home by bosses after blunder [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT] The actor who plays Jacob, Joe-Warren, did make an exit from the show quite recently when he participated in Dancing on Ice. Revealed to be a member of the 2021 cast, he took an eight-month break from the show at which time, his character went to go and visit his auntie, Alicia Gallagher (Natalie Anderson), abroad. Following his participation in the reality television show, the actor spoke on ITV's Lorraine about the possibility of going back to acting school. This would mean taking a prolonged break from his role as Jacob to put as much time and effort as he could into learning more. The soap star explained: "I think I need to go back to acting classes, for sure. I’ve always got some improving to do." "There’s a level I want to get to but I’m not quite there yet," he added before discussing how he got into acting in the first place. The soap star continued: "My mum and my dad sent me to theatre school in Blackpool to try to improve my confidence." "It was my dad who used to be on Emmerdale as an extra and he did parts in Coronation Street. He never got that role that I’ve been so lucky to get. "So I think he just channelled all his energy into me," the youngster commented. Usually, there is an official announcement prior to a character leaving the show so this could be coming in the next few months for Jacob. Someone viewers definitely won't be seeing again anytime soon is Meena as the actress who played her, Paige, has now left the show. Speaking about her departure, the soap star said: "She's finally gone down. Who knew?" "I just want to say thank you all for all of your support. Thank you to everyone at Emmerdale and ITV and all my beautiful actors and the crew. "You're all amazing — you've made this experience just the best of my life, and I will treasure these moments forever. "And a big thank you, especially to Rebecca Sarker, my on-screen sister but also a sister in my heart. I love you so much." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.