Migrants who cross the English Channel on small boats risk being relocated with a one-way ticket to Rwanda. UK Cabinet minister Simon Hart told Sky News that Boris Johnson's Government will pay Rwanda about 120 million pounds to house migrants and process their asylum applications. Sky News today tweeted: "The latest MoD figures show that 252 migrants were detected in seven small boats in the English Channel." The Home Office said the deal to send migrants to the landlocked African country. was a "world-first". The move comes after Justin Welby said the government's plan to send asylum seekers to Rwanda is "opposite the nature of God". Reverend Justin Welby will today use his Easter Sunday sermon to criticise the government scheme that will see refugees who reach the UK through illegal routes deported to Rwanda. He is expected to say that the policy is un-Christian and raises "serious ethical questions". Priti Patel has been warned that her evidence behind the Rwanda plan is "highly uncertain". It has been suggested the Rwanda plan could act as a deterrent to refugees wanting to enter Britain. The Home Office raised concerns to say the "evidence of a deterrent effect is highly uncertain and cannot be quantified with sufficient certainty". Home Office official Matthew Rycroft had correspondence with Ms Patel just two days before the initial £120 million deal with Rwanda was unveiled. In his letter to the home secretary, Mr Rycroft said he was “satisfied myself that it is regular, proper and feasible for this policy to proceed”, as he cited the intention to prevent loss of life in the Channel and maintain “public trust and confidence in border controls”. However, he stressed: “This advice highlights the uncertainty surrounding the value for money of this proposal. I recognise that, despite the high cost of this policy, there are potentially significant savings to be realised from deterring people entering the UK illegally. “Value for money of the policy is dependent on it being effective as a deterrent. Evidence of a deterrent effect is highly uncertain and cannot be quantified with sufficient certainty to provide me with the necessary level of assurance over value for money. 