Immunologist Doctor Jenna Macciochi, on behalf of Berocca spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk to offer her tips when it comes to the best and worst foods for keeping your immunity strong no matter the season. Your immune system is your greatest health asset and does so much more than merely protect you against infection. Research shows that it plays a major role in every single aspect of your mental and physical health. When it's working properly, your immune system will reduce your susceptibility to infection and disease, improve your ability to recover if you do get sick and stave off unwanted inflammation, age-related immune decline and chronic disease. According to Doctor Macciochi, oily fish is one of the best types of food to be consumed. “The astaxanthin reddish pigment that gives the pink colour to salmon, trout and seafood has potent antioxidative and anti-inflammatory effects, and through these and other mechanisms, astaxanthin can enhance and improve how your immune system functions,” she added. Dark green vegetables which include kale, chard, spinach, rocket, Brussels sprouts and sprouting broccoli should also be on top of the list. “All of these types of vegetables provide a variety of beneficial micronutrients, such as vitamin A and magnesium, but also folate, an important nutrient in supporting methylation. “They also carry many phytonutrients and chlorophyll, shown to reduce oxidative stress and stimulate production of new immune cells from the bone marrow.” Other staples in your diet should include legumes and garlic. Doctor Macciochi explained: “Legumes are rich in fibre to feed and fertilise your microbiome. “They are also a good source of plant protein. “Garlic is a rich source of fibre and of sulphur - containing compounds known as glucosinolates which are instrumental to optimising immune function. “Garlic contains chemical compounds proven to display antimicrobial activity. “We also have evidence in humans that garlic may be effective in treatment and prevention of upper respiratory viruses.” When it comes to the optimal health value for fruits and vegetables, opt for those which are orange as these are a form of plant-based vitamin A, said Doctor Macciochi. “It acts as an antioxidant and is particularly important in the defences of the body barriers: skin, gut and lung,” added Doctor Macciochi. “It supports ‘oral tolerance’ the mechanism by which our body ‘tolerates’ food and other benign items in our environment’.” For the foods which may be wrecking your immune system and increase sickness, the five foods to stay away from according to Doctor Macciochi include: