Moscow has come under pressure after images from Bucha, which is located on the outskirts of Kyiv, showed bodies piled up on the street. The Human Rights Watch even concluded Russia had carried out "unspeakable, deliberate cruelty and violence" against the Ukrainian people. However, an academic had added yet another layer to the discussion about the Kremlin by analysing the social media activity of Russian nationalists. Dr Ian Garner, a historian and translator of Russian war propaganda, said: "I’ve been sharing what many Russian nationalists are saying on social media for weeks. "What they’re saying today is a new level of extreme. They’re baying for genocide. They demand it. "They won’t be satisfied until they get it. I can’t post any quotes. JUST IN: Ukrainian troops recover stolen 'treasure trove' after ambushing Russian armoured vehicle "They don’t deserve to be shared. We don’t gain anything from it. "I’ve spent years reading war propaganda and accounts of the most awful traumatic events, and this stuff is - and I’m not exaggerating - grotesquely f****d up. "The West’s response to war crimes is to call for investigation and justice. "The other side’s response is to call for genocide against Ukrainians. What can you even do with that?" READ MORE: GB News: 'No surprise' Putin built-up troops for Ukraine invasion after 'Afghan fiasco' Boris Johnson has also responded to the claims Russia has committed war crimes in Ukraine. The Prime Minister said: "The discovery of more mass graves outside Kyiv is sickening. "The UK will not stand by whilst this indiscriminate and unforgivable slaughter takes place. "We are working to ensure those responsible are held to account. We will not rest until justice is done." DON'T MISS:  French urged to turn off dishwashers as energy crisis deepens [REVEAL]100,000 MORE techies 'to leave' Russia in IT industry exodus [INSIGHT] Orban triumphs in Hungarian election after celebrating 'huge victory' [SPOTLIGHT] Across the pond, an ex-adviser to former President Donald Trump has warned Putin sees Ukrainians as "traitors". Fiona Hill, who is originally from County Durham, said: "He wants to remove them [the Ukrainians] as a threat." Ms Hill, who worked as Mr Trump's Russia adviser on the National Security Council, added: "He is moving from capture to basically carnage and annihilation, I think. "The Russian view of removing a threat is to crush it completely."