Mr Blackford slammed the Tory Party for Mr Sunaks non-disclosure of his family's finances, criticising Mr Sunak due to his increase in National Insurance by 1.25 percent as many Brits are struggling with the cost of living and are being plunged into poverty. Mr Blackford claimed the Tory Party were treating "us all as fools" over the latest Tory scandal. Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak's wife's non-dom tax status has caused calls for his resignation and an investigation into his family's finances. The Scottish MP also discussed Ms Murthy not paying inheritance tax, claiming his message to the couple today was that they should be paying tax back. Mr Blackford said: "The financial interests of your spouse are included in the recreations that you should be making. "And when you've got the Chancellor of the Exchequer, that's putting pressure on households up and down these Islands, and yet his wife is able to declare income outside the United Kingdom. "Not pay tax on that, she would be paying about £2m a year. "And my message to them today is they should be paying that back tax.  JUST IN: Brexit ‘silver lining’ for businesses as huge move making UK ‘more resilient’ to shocks     Mr Blackford added: "And let's not forget, even with the declarations that they're now making, that his wife will not be subject to inheritance tax in the UK. "Quite frankly Sunak and those that are in the leadership of the Tory Party are treating us all as fools." Mr Sunak has announced that he is quitting Downing Street and his family will be moving out of No.11 in due course following the scandal, he has also written to Lord Geidt for an independent review of his financial situation. Deputy Leader of the Labour Party Angela Rayner has also written to Lord Geidst, along with Prime Minister Boris Johnson. .READ MORE: Rishi Sunak refuses to resign as inquiry is launched into ‘damaging’ financial affairs     Ms Rayner included  added questions about Mr Sunaks families finances Ms Rayner said in part of her letter: “A fish rots from the head. It is the Prime Minister’s responsibility to bring this debacle to a close-by ensuring that standards are upheld across his Cabinet,” In his request for a review, Mr Sunak said: “My overriding concern is that the public retain confidence in the answers that are given and I believe the best way of achieving this is to ensure those answers are entirely independent, without bias or favour." Mr Sunak added: “I am confident that such a review of my declarations will find all relevant information was appropriately declared. “I have throughout my ministerial career followed the advice of officials regarding matters or propriety and disclosure and will continue to do so.”  DON’T MISS: Le Pen joins Macron in next round despite Eurosceptic Melenchon 'breathing down her neck' A spokeswoman for Ms Murthy said: "Akshata Murthy is a citizen of India, the country of her birth and parents’ home. "India does not allow its citizens to hold the citizenship of another country simultaneously. "So, according to British law, Ms Murthy is treated as non-domiciled for UK tax purposes. "She has always and will continue to pay UK taxes on all her UK income."  