Kate and Prince William rode standing in an open-top Land Rover during the inaugural Commissioning Parade on March 24. This move, which took place during their final engagement in Jamaica before the Duke and Duchess travelled to The Bahamas, was deemed controversial by some commentators and critics, who claimed it echoed Britain's colonial past. One of the reporters who followed Kate and William during the tour, however, claimed the Duke and Duchess took part in the ride following a request by the Jamaican military. Simon Perry, who covered the tour for People magazine, wrote in the publication: "The couple — I thought looking uncomfortable at times — rode away from a Jamaican military parade standing high in the back of a Land Rover. "To be fair, the couple was boxed in by certain elements governing a Jubilee tour — such as military parades and callbacks to Queen Elizabeth's earlier visits — as well as requests from the host countries (it was the Jamaican military who requested they ride from the ceremony standing in the Land Rover)." Express.co.uk has contacted the Jamaican Ministry of National Security for comment on this claim. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here The Land Rover ride mirrored the one taken by the Queen and Prince Philip during their own visit to Jamaica in 1953 - when the country was still a British colony. Kate donned an ivory lace Alexander McQueen which reminded of the outfit donned by the sovereign almost seven decades ago. And Prince William donned his Blues and Royals No 1 Tropical dress. During the parade, the Duke quoted Bob Marley in a speech given to the young men and women standing in front of him. READ MORE: William and Kate 'always knew' Jamaica would prove difficult He said: "Being asked to lead men and women through uncertainty and danger is daunting. "You never know how strong you are, until being strong is your only choice." Among those who suggested riding on a Land Rover much like the Queen and Philip had done 69 years before could be seen as unprogressive, there was historian Dr Tessa Dunlop. Sharing a tweet with a picture of the Cambridges during the parade and another of the sovereign and her husband at Jamaica's Sabina Park in the early 50s, the historian wrote: "Who is advising #williamandkate? "Times have changed… or not!?" After her message sparked a lively debate, Dr Dunlop tweeted: "Clarification 'to the debate' this tweet has provoked. "During Queen’s 1953 tour she spoke of UK ‘leading other still backward territories forward’. "Language and sentiment that would be unacceptable today. "Times change and so too should the imaging. #RoyalTourCaribbean". Among those who stood by the Cambridges, there was royal commentator Richard Eden, who responded to the historian's first post tweeting: "Personally, I thought it was a charming touch." The Daily Express royal correspondent, who followed Kate and William around the Caribbean nations they visited, also tweeted: "This is a military review vehicle proudly offered to the couple by their Jamaican hosts. "It’s the type of vehicle used by other heads of state at military parades and reviews. "See Macron every July 14, US President Johnson in Vietnam." Kate and Prince William toured Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas between March 19 and 26. While their visit was marred with protests and activists calling for slavery reparations, Kate and William also attracted huge crowds of locals hoping to be able to catch a glimpse of the royals and speak with them. This was one of the tours planned by the Firm to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Later this month, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and Prince Edward will visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines. Moreover, Princess Anne will travel to Papua New Guinea for another royal tour.