Erik ten Hag has been given a exceptional reference by Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola, who even joked about being 'sacked' while praising the Ajax manager. Ten Hag has been heavily linked with the Manchester United job, and could become Guardiola's rival. Guardiola worked together with Ten Hag while the Dutchman took charge of the Bayern Munich reserve side between 2013 and 2015, and the City boss has been very complimentary of him in the past. But now he could be in a position where his friend becomes his arch-rival, as United begin to close in on an appointment. Ralf Rangnick's stint as interim boss is up on June 1, and United are working hard to appoint a long-term replacement. Ten Hag has been listed as the frontrunner to land the role, and Guardiola has showered his former colleague with praise by even suggesting his own future could be up. JUST IN: Dean explains why he's quitting Premier League as ref denies VAR role Ten Hag has already reportedly had an interview at United over their upcoming vacancy, and the Dutchman is in talks to become their new manager. And Guardiola certainly thinks he is fit for the role, as he even said he could manage City one day. Guardiola opened up to Eurosport about Ten Hag, as he said: "An incredible person, human. I was surprised at how humble and good [he was at Bayern Munich]. The qualities he has, just look at his Ajax team in the last years. A joy to watch… in many, many things.” And his high praise even led to a reporter asking him if he could one day replace Guardiola as City boss, which won't go down well amongst United fans. Not one to shy away from a charming reply, the Spaniard replied: "Do you want me to leave? Are you sacking me? "Are you asking me about if Erik ten Hag could be here at Man City? Yeah definitely. Definitely yeah. A lot (of coaches) could be here, and I think he could be one of the ones, yeah. For the way he approaches the game, he could definitely be here for Man City." If Ten Hag takes the United job, it's unlikely that he could ever switch allegiance and become City boss, which may potentially lead to him reconsidering based on Guardiola's future plans. But it looks as though Ten Hag is the popular choice amongst United fans, and with the Dutchman taking advanced English lessons, he appears set on a move. The Ajax boss could have made the Premier League switch last year, as he was interviewed by Tottenham after they sacked Jose Mourinho. Ten Hag is now the overwhelming favourite alongside Mauricio Pochettino for the United job, as the pair are seemingly in a two-horse race for the role. The Argentine is almost certain to leave Paris Saint Germain after failing to deliver Champions League success, and Pochettino has never really settled in France. The PSG boss is still living out of a hotel in Paris while his family are back in England, making a move to United a likely welcome transition, And Pochettino has Premier League experience too, managing both Southampton and Tottenham in the English top flight already. Ten Hag on the other hand, has only worked outside of the Netherlands once. But Guardiola is clearly sold on Ten Hag's methods, and praise from the City boss is guaranteed approval that he could make it in the Premier League, making it an even tougher decision for United. Whoever United choose they must act quickly, if they are to stand the best chance next season. United's next manager needs time, as none of Sir Alex Ferguson's successors have got it quite right. But their candidates may be holding back from making a decision, with United looking like missing out on Champions League football next season.