The M6 southbound between Junction 24 and Junction 23 near St Helens was closed off after the lorry overturned in the early hours of this morning. Dramatic photographs show the vehicle lying on its side on the embankment.  The driver escaped with minor injuries. Traffic information service Inrix reported: "M6 Southbound closed, queueing traffic due to overturned lorry and recovery work from J24 A58 Liverpool Road (Ashton in Makerfield) to J23 A580 East Lancashire Road (Haydock). Closed so that complex recovery can take place, after a lorry left the road earlier this morning. "Diversion - via the A58 Liverpool Road and the A580 East Lancs Road near Haydock." National Highways said a section of the busy motorway was closed off as workers worked to recover the lorry. A Highways spokesperson said: "The M6 in Greater Manchester is closed southbound between J26 Orrell Interchange (M58) and J23 Haydock Island (A580) to facilitate a recovery operation for a lorry which has left the carriageway and come to rest in the nearside verge between J24 (St Helens) and J23. "All emergency services have been in attendance, and specialist recovery is now on scene to recover the vehicle. This is likely to take some time due to the location the vehicle has come to rest. "Initially the road was closed between J24 and J23 however significant delays were caused by the closure between J26 and J24. As a result the closure has been extended between J26 and J23 to prevent delays increasing further. This closure is also closing the southbound entry to the M6 at J25." National Highways: North-West posted on Twitter shortly after 5am: "Only 1 lane (of 3) is now closed on the #M6 southbound in #GreaterManchester between J24 (#StHelens) and J23 due to a lorry which has left the carriageway. A full carriageway closure will be required when recovery is on scene. Updates to follow." In a 8.23am update, they said drivers could expect delays of more than an hour, writing: Delays of over 1 hour on the #M6 southbound between J26 and J24. This is due to the ongoing closure between J24 and J23 to recover a lorry which overturned this morning." North West Motorway Police posted on Twitter: "We are currently dealing with an RTC on M6 sb between J24 and J23, one lucky driver with slight injuries." Drivers are advised to follow the diversion solid circle symbol. It says: "Exit the M6 southbound at J24 "At the junction, turn right and join the A58 (Liverpool Road) westbound and continue for 2 miles "At the junction with the A580 (East Lancashire Road) turn left and join the A580 eastbound "Continue for 2.5 miles until the M6 J23 "Merge left onto the roundabout, and then take the 4th exit to re-join the M6 southbound to continue onward journey." The crash came as millions of travellers take to the roads to get away for the long Easter weekend.