Atletico Madrid players warned Jack Grealish "we're going to get you next week" during the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final against Manchester City, according to Gabriel Agbonlahor. Grealish has spoken to his former Aston Villa team-mate to reveal what Atletico stars Sime Vrsaljko and Stefan Savic told him during the match at the Etihad. City beat Atletico 1-0 thanks to a second-half strike from Kevin de Bruyne. They now head to the Wanda Metropolitano on Wednesday, aiming to reach back-to-back Champions League semi-finals. In the first leg, Grealish came on as a 68th-minute substitute. He was involved in a number of altercations during his time on the pitch, including one that saw right-back Vrsaljko booked. Former City defender Savic was also seen getting in the face of the England international. And Agbonlahor has revealed what the two players said to Grealish. READ MORE: Rudiger names two Real Madrid stars with 'individual class' who killed Chelsea  "Yeah [I spoke to Grealish]," the pundit said on talkSPORT. "He just said that when he came on he just wanted to come on and play football. "And then he got kicked early doors didn't he, when Pep got involved. After that the right-back and centre-half were saying to him 'we're going to get you next week, we're going to get you'." Agbonlahor says City boss Pep Guardiola must start Grealish in Madrid in an attempt to wind up his opponents. But he is sure Guardiola will be telling his side to keep their own discipline. Agbonlahor added: "So if I'm Pep now I'm starting Jack on that left-hand side. I'm saying to him 'you know what? Play your stuff, don't react, but wind them up'. DON'T MISSFour Arsenal players Wolves could accept in Ruben Neves swap [TRANSFERS]Erik ten Hag ‘reaching Man Utd agreement’ is bad news for five players [OPINION]Chelsea stat shows they should have beaten Real Madrid to reach Champions League semis [STATS]  "Because that right-back got wound up out of nothing and if Jack is very good at doing that, winding players up, if he does that tonight, they could be down to 10 men in the first half an hour. They're that confident and they've got a great chance now of winning the Champions League, I think they will have that discipline. "Pep will say to them before the game '[Diego] Simeone's tactics will be to try and get one of you sent off as well, don't react because that's what he wants'." Agbonlahor says Grealish will know not to rise to the bait if Atletico target him. He continued: “Jack is that determined to win the Champions League, to be successful at Manchester City and to win trophies that in his mind, he’ll know not to react. He’s very clever in that respect. “That’s what players have been doing for years. Simeone did it to David Beckham, didn’t he? If I’m Manchester City, I’d play on that and then try to get some of their players sent off.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 