A new photo released by Buckingham Palace shows the monarch smiling as she stood unaided during a face-to-face audience with the president of Switzerland at her Berkshire home. The visit marked the first engagement undertaken by the Queen following a week-long break at her Sandringham estate. The monarch flew by helicopter to her Norfolk retreat last Wednesday (April 20) and celebrated her 96th birthday there. Her Majesty appeared in high spirits and beaming as she posed for photographs with Ignazio Cassis and his wife Paola in her Oak Room sitting room. She stood without the walking stick she has been witnessed using on recent occasions and wore a blue and grey paisley-style patterned silk dress. Alongside her signature pearl necklace and earrings, the monarch also wore a fruit-themed sapphire and diamond grapes brooch, which once belonged to the Queen Mother. An image from the audience was shared via Twitter by the Royal Family social media account, which chronicles the activities of the monarch and all other members of the Firm who don’t have their own accounts. Rebecca English, royal editor of the Daily Mail, remarked that Her Majesty looked “refreshed” after her time in Norfolk. She wrote: “The Queen’s short break at Sandringham appears to have refreshed her as she undertakes an in-person engagement at Windsor today - and looks incredibly cheery as she does.” Royal fans appeared to agree with Ms English, with many commenting on the Queen’s happy disposition. READ MORE: The Queen will 'certainly not' strip Andrew of his Duke of York title Kayla Adams wrote: “Okay but how cute does the Queen look today”, while another called Lisa added: “It's beautiful to see her smiling and looking well.” A fan page for the Duchess of Cambridge called ‘Kate’s Power Suit’ gushed “She looks fabulous!” while Sherri wrote: “Her Majesty looks lovely and well! Her smile is infectious!!!” A fan account for the monarch called ‘ElizabeII’ shared further pictures from today’s audience captioned with: “More pictures from this audience. The Queen looks gorgeous and cheery.” Alan Peter Smith added: “Our magnificent lady, keeps smiling, greatness” Another called ‘American BRF Fan’ wrote: “Her Majesty looks lovely! It looks like her recent trip did her well.” DON'T MISS Meghan Markle 'rules Harry' in royal relationship, theory claims [ANALYSIS] Prince Charles savaged over cow's face mask award [INSIGHT] Meghan tipped for political success as she's 'toast of Hollywood' [REVEAL] While in Norfolk, the monarch reportedly stayed at Wood Farm - a cottage nestled in the far reaches of her estate - a favourite spot of the late Prince Philip. The Queen has previously described how the Duke of Edinburgh “loved” the cottage and part of its appeal was because the “sea was so close”. During her week there, the sovereign was spotted multiple times being driven around her estate. She was seen visiting her stables on the estate with her racing manager and close friend John Warren. The sovereign was photographed leaving Sandringham in the back of a Range Rover on April 27. Photos from today’s event were also shared by Mr Cassis who said that meeting the Queen was a “great honour”. He added: “This sign of friendship between our countries symbolises the close and long-standing ties between #Switzerland and the #UK.” He also extended his “best wishes” for her ongoing Platinum Jubilee year. Mr Cassis today started talks with Prime Minister Boris Johnson with the aim of striking a new post-Brexit trade deal. According to the Government’s website, the leaders discussed the two countries’ strong ties. During a meeting at Downing Street, Mr Johnson and Mr Cassis agreed that the UK and Switzerland were “science, trade and financial superpowers together”, and pledged to accelerate work across all sectors. The pair also discussed Putin’s invasion of Ukraine and how both the UK and Switzerland could continue to apply financial pressure on the Russian regime.