Piers Morgan, 57, has taken Prince Harry to task after his statement about visiting the Queen last week. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stopped by to see Her Majesty on their way to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. In a later interview, Harry said he wanted to make sure the Queen is “protected” and has “the right people around her”. Now, Piers has shone light on the Duke’s comments and branded them “nonsense”. The TalkTV host raged: “[Prince Harry] is talking about protecting the Queen! “It’s obviously nonsense. He’s only seen her once for 15 minutes in the last two years,” he told The Telegraph. READ MORE:Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ During his interview with NBC’s Today show, Harry added that the Queen was in “great form” and had maintained her “great sense of humour”. The Duke also described the US as home “for the time being” and said Americans had welcomed him “with open arms”. Harry was last reported to be in the UK in July 2021 for Princess Diana’s statue unveiling, and in April before that to attend Prince Philip’s funeral. It is understood that Meghan has not returned to Britain since the couple stepped back from royal duties in early 2020. Piers has been a notorious critic of the couple and recently responded to claims that he should "leave them alone". However, he argues that they “don’t want to be left alone”. The journalist continued to the aforementioned publication: “The very last thing they want is to go to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands where [Meghan] wears a £10,000 dress every day and nobody writes about it. “So, I believe I’ve been almost forced to write about them.” DON'T MISSQueen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore[INSIGHT]James Martin shut down marriage plans with girlfriend[NEWS]Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit[NEWS] He went on to mention that the Sussexes had travelled to the Netherlands with a Netflix film crew. Heart Of Invictus was announced by Archewell Productions in April last year. Prince Harry will appear on camera and serve as Executive Producer on the documentary. Viewers will follow the stories of Invictus Games athletes and organisers on their way to the competition. An official release date has not been confirmed. Piers’ wife Celia Walden has also criticised the couple for their deal with the streaming service and partnership with Spotify. Speaking to GB News’ Dan Wootton earlier this month, Celia said: “I think where morality and ethics are concerned, both of these things tend to fly out the window when there's dollar signs.” Dan agreed: “There is almost this gross commercialisation of everything they do, and why do they need to go down that path of being paid by Netflix and Spotify, they have the deal with the bank, it feels like it is never enough for them."