As the cost of living crisis worsens, many families are concerned for their financial wellbeing, with levels of consumer saving and investment. Universal Credit claimants can receive a range of financial support such as hardship payments to help them through difficult situations. The Government, local councils and organisations can all supply different types of financial support to benefit claimants. Advance and hardship payments are available to Universal Credit recipients waiting for their first payment. People can ask for an advance on their benefit payments if they do not have enough to live on during the five week wait. Hardship payments provides support for claimants that have been sanctioned and as a result cannot afford rent, heating, food and hygiene essentials.  Both of these payments will be paid back over time through a deduction on their regular Universal Credit payments. Alternative Payment Arrangements could be claimed to help people who are behind on their rent. They can be used to pay rent directly to their landlord, get their benefit payments more frequently or receive split payments for couple claimants. Budgeting Advances are similar to the normal Advance Payment although Britons can claim this regardless of when their next payment is, although there is some additional eligibility requirements.  These advances can be used to help with the costs of: Emergency households necessities such as replacing a broken stove To be eligible for the advance, people must have been receiving Universal Credit for six months or more unless the money is needed to help them get work or stay in a job. They must also have earned less than £2,600 as a single person or £3,600 as a couple in the last six months. Claimants cannot get a Budgeting Advance if they are still paying off another Budgeting Advance. The advance will be repaid through their regular Universal Credit payments, and if claimants stop receiving the benefit other arrangements will need to be made to pay it back. The smallest amount one can borrow through the advance is £100. The maximum amounts are as follows: