A row on whether the Prime Minister should resign after being fined for attending a party in Downing Street for nine minutes during lockdown erupted on Thursday's instalment of Loose Women. Tensions started mounting when Linda Robson tried to defend the leader but her co-stars strongly disagreed, causing Sunetra Sarker to step in and stand up for the panellist. As the debate heated up, Linda told ITV viewers she did not think the Prime Minister broke the rules, but her comment did not sit well with her co-stars. Nadia  fumed: "The rest of the world will look at our dishonest government and wonder how we put up with it - it's just embarrassing." Linda hit back: "But he didn't bring the cake in, he didn't organise the party." Kaye Adams, who also disagreed with Linda, reminded Linda the police said Boris Johnson had broken the rules. As the row continued, Sunetra warned the rest of the presenters "not to pile on Linda". READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Maya Stepney returns to take down Meena Jutla     As the row continued, Sunetra warned the rest of the presenters "not to pile it all on Linda". Sunetra, who was trying to mediate the row, said she understood where Linda was coming from. However, Kaye continued to hit out, adding: "It's not a balance sheet, if I get caught for speeding I can't say, 'Officer I gave £100 to charity last week', it does not work like that. "There is not a balance sheet, we have the law and the fundamental point in a democracy is that nobody is above the law and we should abide by the law, all of us.  "There are other MPs who have broken the law and have paid the price and lost their jobs." Kaye added: "If we think the rule of law is so important globally, then we have to defend it and our leaders have to defend it rigidly." Nadia interjected to say the former press secretary Allegra Stratton was the "only one who has paid the price". Allegra resigned following backlash over a video of Downing Street staff joking about holding a Christmas Party while coronavirus restrictions were in place. READ MORE: Prince Harry in 'fit of pique' after royal snub says Loose Women star [DEBATE]Denise Welch claims Boris shouldn't quit over 'ridiculous' Covid rules [LATEST]Denise Welch aims dig at 'fighting and clashing' Loose Women rumours [INSIGHT] The argument on Loose Women divided viewers, with Jay Barker tweeting: "Linda is just digging herself a massive hole." Sara fumed: "[Boris is] not five years old for crying out loud. He should have said 'no' when he was ambushed by his cake!" Joe Stutter remarked: "Linda on #LooseWomen is doing herself no favours sticking up for Boris." Emma said: "No Linda, once is a mistake! He did it numerous times #LooseWomen."  However, some viewers backed Linda, with @Richard26Todd66 adding: "Linda the only one that’s talking any sense #LooseWomen." David Mansel added: "#LooseWomen Borderline bullying. Classy." The Prime Minister has issued an apology for breaking lockdown rules saying: "I have paid the fine and I once again offer a full apology." When asked if he would stand down, he added: "I want to be able to get on and deliver the mandate that I have, but also to tackle the problems that the country must face right now." Loose Women continues on weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. 