Bill Maher, 66, has received backlash for his comments regarding Jada Pinkett Smith's upset over Chris Rock’s jibe at the 2022 Oscars. The Real Time with Bill Maher host told Jada to “put on a f***ing wig".  The Smith family have received a lot of attention following the now infamous moment in which Will stormed the stage and slapped Chris Rock for making a joke about his wife's shaved head.  Will was furious when the comedian and Academy Awards presenter quipped: “Jada, I love you. G.I. Jane 2, can’t wait to see it,” in reference to Jada’s short hair, which is a result of her alopecia condition.  Stars such as Ricky Gervais and Zoe Kravitz have condemned Will's reaction to the joke.  However, Bill's comments appear to have caused the most uproar. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show During an episode of his self-titled show, Bill said that Jada should “put on a f***ing wig”. Downplaying her health condition, he said that she was “lucky". He added that such conditions were a natural part of ageing. "I mean, alopecia, it’s not leukaemia, OK?" Bill insisted. "Alopecia is when your hair falls out – there are worse things." Bill expanded: “If you are so lucky in life as to have that be your medical problem, just say 'Thank God'." He added: “It’s not life-threatening. “It’s part of – for most people, 80% of men, 50% of women – it’s part of ageing.” DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] He said: “Just put on a f***ing wig like everyone else at the Oscars if it bothers you so much.” Fans were furious at his reaction and took to Twitter to call him out for his words. @KindraCotton wrote: “I grew up watching Bill Maher.” ”And I turned him off when he said that Jada Pinkett's alopecia wasn't leukaemia. "It wasn't funny & he hasn't been funny in a long time. “Instead of ageing well and being poignant like Carlin, he's turned into a grumpy old white man! Sad, not surprising." @RalphaelShaw commented: "This is truly despicable. “I understand the blowback and some of your position, but alopecia isn’t something we should make light of. “Grow up old man. Fans were furious at his reaction and took to Twitter to call him out for his words. @KindraCotton wrote: “I grew up watching Bill Maher.” ”And I turned him off when he said that Jada Pinkett's alopecia wasn't leukaemia.  "It wasn't funny & he hasn't been funny in a long time. “Instead of ageing well and being poignant like Carlin, he's turned into a grumpy old white man! Sad, not surprising." @RalphaelShaw commented: "This is truly despicable. “I understand the blowback and some of your position, but alopecia isn’t something we should make light of. “Grow up old man. @TabithaspeaksTV commented: “It’s not cancer, just put on a wig they say!! “Folks have no clue how mentally traumatizing dealing with alopecia is!”  Some Twitter users, however, took Bill’s side on the debate. @Eloisetaylor22 wrote in response to Bill’s comments: “Jada Pinkette will have to accept it or she should of worn a f***ing wig. “Women with radiation from cancer accept issues. Jada had alopecia.” @Toyadee78 said: “I don't care if Jada Pinkett Smith has Alopecia. We're talking about a woman worth millions. Its not like she can't afford good medical care or wigs.” @V_manson1 said: “If you can’t take a joke then you should buy a wig.”