Mr Musk, who also owns Tesla, bared all in an interview for TED, conducted by the head of the conference organisation Chris Anderson. Bizarrely, the multi-billionaire revealed that he ends up staying on friends’ sofas around the Bay Area of San Francisco when he is in the city. He said: “I don’t even own a place right now, I’m literally staying at friends’ places. “If I travel to the Bay Area, which is where most of Tesla’s engineering is, I basically rotate through friends’ spare bedrooms.” And when Mr Anderson put to the Tesla boss that often people are known to be “hugely offended” by billionaires, the world’s richest man appeared to dispute the claim. He said: “I think there are some axiomatic flaws that are leading to that conclusion. “For sure it would be problematic if I was consuming billions of dollars a year in personal consumption but that is not the case.” In another attempt to display his portray himself as a humble billionaire, he also claimed that he does not go on holidays and does not own a yacht. He said: “I don’t have a yacht, I don’t take vacations, so it’s not as though my personal consumption is high. “One exception is a plane but if I don’t use the plane I have less hours to work.” Mr Musk, who also invented PayPal, currently has around $269billion (£205billion). His first big venture started back in the 1990s when he teamed up with his brother to form a company called Zip2. According to a report by Tipalti Approve, his already staggering wealth could soar to $1trillion (£763billion), which could make him the world’s first trillionaire as early as 2024. READ MORE: Musk’s Starlink satellites set crosshairs for Russian attacks The Tipalti Approve report said: ”Since 2017, Musk’s fortune has shown an annual average increase of 129 percent, which could potentially see him enter the trillion-dollar club in just two short years, achieving a net worth of $1.38 trillion by 2024 at age 52." Despite Mr Musk’s gigantic money pot, his comments during the TED interview, which aired on Monday, do not mark the first time his humble lifestyle has become a talking point. In fact, the billionaire is said to live in a $50,000 (£38,000) prefabricated house which is around 400 square feet, on-site a Tesla’s South Texas testing facilities. Matt Wallace, a famous Youtuber, tweeted: “Elon Musk lives very modestly by billionaire standards. Only 1 residential house (plus 1 for events). "Elon Musk uses less resources than most multi-millionaires despite working way harder. Plus dollars sitting in stocks, makes each dollar outside worth more exactly proportionally.” DON'T MISS Elon Musk set to become world's first trillionaire in just two years [REVEAL] NASA scientist in TEARS as he issues warning over impending disaster [INSIGHT] Bizarre ‘portal from hell’ opens up in California lake [REVEAL] And the SpaceX boss really seems keen on hammering this point home, tweeting back in November: “Don’t want to brag but … I’m the best at humility.” His long-term on-and-off partner, music artist Grimes, can also attest to this, claiming in an interview with Vanity Fair that the father of her child “does not live like a billionaire”. She said: “Bro lives at times below the poverty line. To the point where I was like, can we not live in a very insecure $40,000 house? “Where the neighbours, like, film us, and there’s no security, and I’m eating peanut butter for eight days in a row?”