A Conservative candidate running in Newcastle-under-Lyme, Stoke has erupted at his Labour rival for suggesting the British Government should bring in a windfall tax. Ian Wilkes branded the idea of targetting the wealthy with higher taxes as "communist" during a local election debate on the BBC. Mr Wilkes slapped down the idea of a wealth tax, saying: "Is that not more of a communist idea? "Spread the wealth out, that's not a labour idea it's a communist idea. "I don't think that's actually been working throughout the world." He added: "If you increase taxes or even a windfall tax on gas companies, electric companies they are going to end up passing that on to the consumer."  Labour candidate Steph Talbot had earlier called for higher taxes targetting the "elite rich" in Britain. She told the BBC: "We're not talking about taxing the middle classes. "We're talking about the elite rich in this country. "We need to redistribute the wealth of this country. There is no doubt there is tonnes of wealth in this country."  It comes as Boris Johnson hit the campaign trail in a "Red Wall" north of England constituency, claiming the Tories were making "colossal" investments in public services and offered better value for money than Labour-ran councils. Ahead of local elections next week, the Prime Minister spoke to students and apprentices in engineering at Burnley College, in a former Labour stronghold now held by the Conservative Party. Mr Johnson said: "I think what this election is about is who delivers value for money across the country. Who delivers better services. "This election on Thursday, just a week's time, is about dynamic Conservative councillors offering better value for money and making sure your pot-holes get filled in. DON'T MISS:Should Northern Ireland vote to scrap Protocol in 2024? [POLL]Boris told hard stance will spark EU retaliation [REVEAL]Farmers rejoice as muck-spreading ban LIFTED amid gas shortages [REPORT]  "Making sure your bins are collected when you need them collected. "But doing it in a way that respects the importance of tax-payer value at a time when there's pressure on family budgets, it's more important than ever we council tax as low as we can. "That's what we offer on May 5." The Prime Minister argued his Government was putting in record amounts of cash in the North and across the UK.