The singer started calling himself by the new name in 1978, shortly after converting to Islam, he recently told BBC’s Desert Island Discs. It was a near-death experience on the beaches of Malibu in 1976 that guided Stevens towards faith. The 73-year-old singer, whose full name is Steven Demetre Georgiou, found himself in a strong current as he tried to swim back to shore. “I was an Englishman. I didn’t know it wasn’t wise to go out at that time of day and take a swim, so I did,” he told the podcast. He was on the brink of drowning but after offering his allegiance to God if he was saved, a wave moved him to shore, he told Rolling Stone previously. “I didn’t have any strength left,” he told Rolling Stone. “There was only one place to go, and that was God. “I never doubted God’s existence, but I never called on him because everything had seemed all right in my life. This was life-and-death. “The Iranian Revolution wasn’t even on the horizon. I felt like I was discovering something that was an amazing and immense secret.” READ MORE: High cholesterol: The colour of your nails could be a symptom - ‘Great’ way to spot it But not long before this ordeal – the star had another near-death experience. Seven years prior, in 1969, the star contracted tuberculosis, an ordeal that meant he couldn’t embrace the traditional rockstar life. He admitted that after the ordeal he was “so worried” about his health, so didn’t dare to live like fellow musicians at the time. “TB is a very bluesy kind of illness,” he said. “I did LSD a few times, but I stayed away from the rock-star life because I was so worried about my health. “I became a vegetarian, and I carried around a suitcase full of vitamins and special drinks everywhere I went.” Tuberculosis still affects approximately 5,000 people every year in the UK, and according to the Government website, “many people are simply unaware of the symptoms and impact of the disease”. It is a bacterial infection that is spread through small droplets in the air that are inhaled when someone infected coughs or sneezes. The disease affects the lungs but can also affect the nervous system, glands, and bones. At its worst, it can cause spinal pain, joint damage, as well as meningitis and heart problems, explains the Mayo Clinic. Having the disease, Stevens suggested, “changes your perspective”. “To go from the show business environment and find you are in hospital, getting injections day in and day out, and people around you are dying, it certainly changes your perspective,” he told his biographer for the book Cat Stevens. “I got down to thinking about myself. It seemed almost as if I had my eyes shut.” Typically, if people contract the disease, they are given antibiotics for six months. A BCG vaccine is currently offered to children to protect them against Tuberculosis in the UK. The symptoms of TB include a persistent cough lasting more than three weeks, as well as the following, according to the NHS: 