The 39-year-old appeared in high spirits as he chatted to guests at the charity event that was held at The Londoner Hotel in London. The Duke of Cambridge was appointed patron of the London Air Ambulance in 2020, after supporting their 30th Anniversary Campaign ‘Thirty Years Saving Lives’. The organisation was established in 1989 and provides rapid emergency care around the capital.  This involves bringing the hospital emergency department to the scene of an incident. Attendees included crew members, former patients and supporters. One of the guests who met the Duke of Cambridge was Bruno and his dad Daniel. Bruno had been involved in an accident that caused serious injuries to his brain. The swift action of the London Air Ambulance helped to ensure a full recovery from the injuries. Prince William tweeted: "Tonight, I had the great privilege to meet a young man named Bruno, and his father Daniel.  "Aged 11, Bruno was knocked off his scooter and suffered a serious brain injury. "@LDNairamb flew to him, arriving within minutes to bring the hospital to his side and saving his life." Royal fans were quick to share their delight at William's appearance at the gala and flooded social media with their messages. One gushed: "Wow, how handsome #PrinceWilliam looks, and what a great event!!!" While another said: "A wonderful charity and one that would be very close to the Duke’s heart." READ MORE:Prince William 'very grievously sad' over loss of Prince Harry  A third enthused: "The Prince of class!" A fourth wrote: "Well done, you’re going to make for a really great King in the future, William. "Best wishes from Sydney Australia." The Duke has worked as a pilot for East Anglian Air Ambulance for two years between 2015-17. He has first hand experience of the demands the job places on people and of the vital public role such services provide. DON'T MISSWhere are William and Kate's bridesmaids and page boys now? [INSIGHT]Kate dazzles as she joins Prince William at Anzac Day service [NEWS]Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress  [REVEAL] Prince William said: "As a former Air Ambulance pilot, I have seen first hand the difference trauma teams can make to those in need. "@LDNairamb service is no different, and so it is a great privilege to be the Patron of this exceptional Charity." Many of William's fans agreed and posted messages of support for the Air Ambulance service. Toria said: "My local one saved my best friend's father. For that there is forever an adoration for the heroes who do this day in day out." Scarfie added: "They are absolutely invaluable. It takes special people to run towards danger and take care of people at their worst moments."