Erik ten Hag is ready to give Cristiano Ronaldo his blessing to leave Manchester United this summer, according to reports. The Ajax boss is expected to be confirmed as Ralf Rangnick's successor within the next week following the conclusion of the KNVB Cup final on Sunday in Holland. Ten Hag quickly elevated his way to United's top choice despite talks with Mauricio Pochettino and other candidates. The Dutch tactical mastermind, who led Ajax to the Champions League semi-finals in 2018/19, is thought to have made a lasting impression on both John Murtough and Darren Fletcher. Now United are understood to have verbally agreed a three-year deal with Ten Hag, with the option for additional 12 months. It seems Ten Hag will waste no time at all in getting stuck into his new role with the Daily Star now reporting that Ronaldo is free to leave this summer. READ MORE: Man Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal The Portuguese icon has one year - with the option of an extra season - left on his current United contract. Much has been made of his impact upon return to Old Trafford, nearly 12 years after he left for Real Madrid in the summer of 2009. Ronaldo has 18 goals in 33 appearances in all competitions this season for United but still, that has not proved to be enough for some supporters. Many feel as though the veteran's powers are beginning to wane after two decades at the top level. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal Given he currently earns a reported £480,000 per week at Old Trafford, United may feel it could be worthwhile to move him on. United are expected to recruit at least one new forward this summer with Edinson Cavani set to depart on a free transfer. Darwin Nunez and Richarlison are reportedly among those to have been discussed internally. RB Leipzig's Christopher Nkunku has also caught the eye during his sublime season in the Bundesliga. Robert Lewandowski could also be up for grabs with the Poland international expected to leave Bayern Munich after failing to agree a new contract. United's transfer budget could also hinge on whether they qualify for the Champions League, something that currently looks unlikely. Playing football in Europe's elite club competition will also go a long way to helping the club secure Ten Hag's top targets. There has been little interest in Ronaldo but that could change should United make him available at the end of the campaign...