Prince Harry said that he and Meghan Markle were welcomed with “open arms” when they relocated to California after stepping down as senior royals. In an interview  for NBC’s Today Show on Wednesday Harry said: “Home for me now is, for the time being, it’s in the States.” He added: “And it feels that way as well. We’ve been welcomed with open arms. And it’s got such a great community up in Santa Barbara.” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex relocated to Montecito, California after leaving the Royal Family in 2020. In response to Harry’s latest comments, Express.co.uk asked readers if they would welcome the Sussexes back to live in the UK. In a poll that ran from 11am on Wednesday, April 20, to 2pm on Thursday, April 20, Express.co.uk asked: “Would you welcome Harry and Meghan back to live in the UK permanently?” A whopping 17,579 people voted with hundreds of comments left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their views on Meghan and Harry in a lively debate. The dominant response – winning by a landslide of 97 percent (17,079 people) – was “no”, Meghan and Harry are not welcome back to live in the UK permanently. Just two percent (409 people) said “yes” while one percent (91 people) said they did not know either way. One user, J Donnie, said: “I don't want them to set foot here ever again and if they turn up for the Jubilee I won't be watching any of it. “The Queen may forgive everything they've said and done but I will never forgive them.” Username Freedomflight said: “Definitely NO, I would be incredibly disappointed if they were allowed back in the UK.” READ MORE: 'Does Queen need protecting?' William & Kate hit with awkward Harry question as row erupts Many thought that Harry and Meghan should stay in the US, where they are currently raising their two young children – Archie, two, and 10-month-old Lilibet. Username The Chosen One wrote: “He has burnt all his bridges and should stay [in the US].” Username Di4 said: “Harry wanted to have a private life in America, he should stay there.” And username BabbyBoomer55 said: “No. He's made his bed. Can't have it both ways.” DON'T MISS:Earl and Countess of Wessex's Queen Jubilee trip to Grenada cancelled [LATEST]Royal Family LIVE: 'Divide and rule' Palace backlash at Harry's bombshell US interview [LIVE BLOG]Prince William must 'temper' meeting with Harry and Meghan after 'intentional damage' [VIDEO] Meanwhile, others expressed their thoughts by simply commenting “no”. Username Mithymna wrote: “No no no!” While username Ella123 said: “NO! NO! NO! A thousand times NO!!!!” Another user, freckles3107, said: “Not in a million years.” Some were more welcoming toward Harry and Meghan returning to the UK. Username PhilCo58 said: “If they want to return as private citizens that's up to them and their family, but certainly not as royals.” Username housewifeofcheshire said: “They can do what they want. However, they should not expect to become royal once again.” While username ChelseaChampions wrote: “Not bothered either way.”