Stacey Solomon, 32, posted a preview of her wedding dress on Instagram as she took her 5.1million followers shopping with her ahead of her big day in July. But one person who didn’t get a glimpse of the action was 40-year-old Joe, as Stacey admitted she blocked him from being able to see which gowns she was choosing from. “Good morning from me and some words I never imagined I’d be saying,” wrote the mum-of-four. “I’m picking my wedding dress today,” she continued, alongside a crying face emoji. “Joe is still away & I’ve hidden him from my stories don’t worry.” The gorgeous gowns were all floor-length and laced, one with a boned corset, one with a jewel encrusted belt, and others with plunging necklines and extra lace around the skirt. READ MORE: Piers Morgan mocks 'lowly' GB News amid plan to 'flatline' network As Stacey panned the camera around the room and lifted her coffee cup in the air as if to ‘cheers’ with viewers, it’s clear she will have a tough decision to make. Stacey and EastEnders star Joe have been together since 2015, and Joe got down on one knee and proposed back on Christmas Eve in 2020. He popped the question with a huge diamond ring while on a walk in the woods near Stacey’s home, a place she holds close to heart. Present on the walk were Stacey’s sons Zachary, 14, Leighton, nine, and their son Rex, two.  Announcing the happy news on social media, Stacey penned: “Sorry for the radio silence. I had everything planned ready to go. I knew exactly what I was doing. And then…,” she wrote. “Today we went for a walk in the woods... Like we always do. But it didn't look the same - actually full-on blubbering as I write this... “And Joe with our boys, in my favourite place in the world... He asked me to marry him.” Earlier this month, the Loose Women panellist confessed she had a dilemma ahead of their nuptials, after showing fans the exceptionally long aisle she plans to walk down. DON'T MISS...Amanda Holden flashes underwear in wardrobe mishap in low-cut blazerJane McDonald receives marriage proposal on same day as co-starPiers Morgan says Meghan Markle 'disowned' him like dad Thomas Markle She showed off a long, mossy archway in her garden at Pickle Cottage, which will act as the aisle for her wedding day. Panning the camera to show its full length, she said: “We have got a bit of a dilemma because I feel like it’s quite a long walk. It’s quite a way to go. I don’t know if I trust myself. Should I just go halfway? “But then I love the end of it. But then I’m scared to walk all that distance. Should we just get married halfway down the aisle? “Because it’s such a long walk. Is it too long? I’m scared to walk that far in front of everyone. “I think I’ll just end up falling over or laughing at how long it’s taking me to get down the aisle,” she added with a laughing emoji. “But I love the end of the arches. HELP.” Stacey even admitted to shedding a tear as she realised how close they were to finalising all the last details. “We are on the last part now. The aisle. And my sister just put a load of candles in my kitchen jars at the bottom where we are going to stand and I’m crying," said the X Factor star. “My whole stomach is turning over and for some reason I’m so nervous." “We are on the last part now. The aisle. And my sister just put a load of candles in my kitchen jars at the bottom where we are going to stand and I’m crying.” 