Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland may have an extra incentive to choose Manchester City over Real Madrid this summer, with Puma supposedly ready to boost his proposed sponsorship terms should he head to the Etihad. The European duo are believed to be the final two clubs in the running to land Haaland's highly-coveted signature. City and Madrid are both looking to wrap up one of the summer's biggest transfer sagas early doors. There was plenty of speculation around Haaland last year, but when details of his £63million release clause came to light, all suitors decided to wait until it becomes active at the end of this season. Reports indicate that the Sky Blues and Los Blancos remain in contention, but City supposedly hold the advantage with many details of the deal already agreed. Nothing is signed and sealed as yet, however, and Madrid can still hold out hope for a late pendulum swing. Haaland may have little incentive to swerve away from the Etihad, however. With sports brands fighting for the Norwegian's sponsorship, GOAL claim that Puma are trying to push him towards signing for City, who they also sponsor, and would present him with even better financial terms if he does. JUST IN: Robert Lewandowski 'has Barcelona transfer belief' as agent heads into crunch Bayern talks The German brand are currently believed to be in pole position after his contract with Nike ended in January, despite a recent social media photo showing Haaland sporting an Adidas sweatshirt. Haaland may have already been edging towards City in light of his father's past with the club, photos showing him in Sky Blue as a youngster and a ready-made vacancy up top in Pep Guardiola's free-flowing team. Chances of slotting in so easily at the Bernabeu appear slimmer in light of their prospective swoop for Kylian Mbappe.  A fit and firing Karim Benzema would also take some displacing, and many are tipping the French marksman to win the Ballon d'Or after another superb Champions League performance on Tuesday evening. Haaland will undoubtedly have been watching on with excitement as both of his summer suitors played out an enthralling encounter, which showed exactly why they are two of the continent's top teams. Kevin De Bruyne and Gabriel Jesus fired City into an early two-goal lead, before Benzema was predictably clinical in clawing one back. And the tie continued in a similar pattern as Guardiola's side extended their lead before being pegged back, as Los Blancos walked away with a 4-3 defeat to take back to the Bernabeu. Haaland is into his third full season as one of Europe's most prolific goal-scorers. With 25 goals in all competitions he is set to fall short of last year's dizzying 41-goal haul, but injuries have restricted him to just 27 matches this term. The total outlay for a summer transfer is likely to be humongous when wages and agent fees are taken into account, but at 21-years-old both City and Madrid are sure to fancy their chances on the investment. With rumours gathering pace that he will opt for the Etihad, Guardiola has refused to comment on the speculation.