The park, based in the London Borough of Brent near Cricklewood was named one year after the death of the PM in 1898. Plans to change the name were proposed by the local council who asked groups of school children in the area whom they would like to see the park named after.  According to accounts, pupils were given an insight into the murder of George Floyd by police officers in the US, labelling the incident as “systematic racism.” The death of Mr Floyd sparked global condemnation of the murder and saw the launch of the Black Lives Matter movement. Now, children as young as 5 years old have suggested Gladstone Park should be named after former Shadow Home Secretary, Diane Abbott. Other ideas floated including renaming the green space to “BAME Park” and “Multi-Faith Park”. “Diversity Fields” was also suggested by some of those thinking of names.  William Gladstone once described the slave trade as the “foulest crime” in history and has been described by Brent Council as a “historical figure whose views, in association with the slave trade, are inappropriate.” Council documents show the pupils were shown a video message by Dr Inge Dornan of Brunel University, who told them: “The Black community in Brent continue to be affected by inequalities. “The council is talking to local people about what we can all do to address injustice, prejudice and racism. “As part of this, Brent residents have asked the council to consider renaming Gladstone Park. “This is because the Gladstone family were involved historically in the transatlantic slave trade.”  READ MORE:Diane Abbott and anti-NATO Labour MPs put on notice by Starmer Older children also gave ideas and views of how the park should be renamed.Both “Rainbow Park” and “Peace Park of Equals” were also put forward. The former Prime Minister never had a direct role in the slave trade, however, his family did have links to the practice. William Gladstone's father, the merchant John Gladstone, owned more than 2,500 slaves and was compensated by the British Government when it abolished slavery in the British Empire in 1833. However, following the abolition of slavery, Mr Gladstone pushed for slave owners, such as his father, to receive compensation in the wake of the abolition of the transatlantic slave trade in the 1830s - and they received approximately £90,000, or around £9.5m in modern-day money.  DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry beaming as they embrace British athletes [REPORT]Charlotte steals the show on Easter Sunday arrival [ROYAL]Michael Gove prepared to issue cladding blacklisting [INSIGHT] Opposition has already started to appear over the proposed changes. Local Conservative Councillor Michael Maurice said: “'We seem to be living in a society where the innocence of children is being slowly taken away. “This seems just one more bite at it. “This is yet another example of left-wing infiltration into our everyday lives. “The choices given to the children are all politically motivated and leaning quite heavily to the left of the political spectrum. “To my mind, this could be considered at best political indoctrination and at worst brainwashing.” Concluding his opposition to the proposal Mr Maurice told the Telegraph: “History must never be re-written, what happened in the past should be used to understand what and why it happened and to make sure it doesn’t happen again. Members of the public also vented their anger at the move. Taking to Twitter to share their thoughts, one commentator, Lisa, said: “Gladstone Park to be renamed after Diane Abbott? “Don’t be so bloody stupid. “There is nothing wrong with the name Gladstone, stop rewriting history, it’s there for us all to learn from. “Abbott isn’t worth commemorating.” 