Party leaders have described the altercation, which happened on Saturday, as "worrying" and say they'll investigate it further. One man was punched and kicked outside an address in Small Heath, Birmingham. Labour activists and Birmingham City Council candidates Mohammed Idrees and Saqib Khan were near the incident, reports Birmingham Live. But despite the violence clearly caught on camera, West Midlands Police hasn't received a complaint. A spokesperson for Birmingham Labour party, though, admitted the disorder is "worrying" with polling day just two weeks away. They told Birmingham Live: "This weekend a worrying video has come to light on social media appearing to show violent scenes in Small Heath. Birmingham Labour is taking this matter seriously and an investigation is under way into the events of the day. "Councillor Ian Ward, Leader of Birmingham’s Labour Group, has written to all of Labour’s candidates to remind them of their responsibilities as political candidates, and to ensure that candidates are doing everything that they can to remain safe whilst out campaigning. The Labour Party absolutely condemns violence of any kind and calls on all those campaigning in the Birmingham local elections to do responsibly and peacefully."  The video has been shared widely on social media. It is believed the disorder began when a resident "hurled abuse" at the canvassers. Speaking after the incident, Cllr Idrees told Birmingham Live: "I was canvassing when it broke out 10 metres in front of us. A man was hurling abuse and inciting violence at Labour Party door knockers - he was bringing brothers and sisters into it. "I was saying that we need to move on; avoid getting involved. But then the punching started while others were trying to restrain him." Birmingham Live has asked the Labour Party to address whether those involved in the fracas were members of the party, carrying out voluntary and canvassing duties or were in any other way connected to the candidates on the campaign trail. It was also asked what would be the outcome if those involved were directly linked to the candidates, or are Labour Party members. So far they have not answered those questions, and say inquiries are ongoing to establish who was involved.  Birmingham Conservatives group leader Robert Alden said: "No doubt Labour will be taking serious steps if any of their party members are involved, or stood and watched the alleged assault in Small Heath." Des Jaddoo, leader of the We Matter Party, who is standing in Newtown, Birmingham, said the behaviour was appalling but also not unexpected. He added: "This is the level politics has plunged to in this city and sometimes frustrations spill over into abuse. But a violent response is never acceptable." 