TV licences are required in the UK to watch or stream programming as it is being broadcast live. The collection of the licence fee is managed by the BBC’s Finance and Business division and goes towards the public broadcaster’s content. As it stands, the licence fee has been frozen and remains at £159 a year but many people believe it should be scrapped entirely in light of the cost of living crisis. One expert believes that taxpayers could get upwards of £300 in tax-free personal allowance, which currently £12,570. The TaxPayers’ Alliance is one of the many organisations calling for reform of the BBC licence fee and has been pushed for privatisation of Channel 4 in the past. Darwin Friend, the group’s policy analyst, spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk about why the country’s relationship with the licence fee should be reconsidered. Mr Friend explained: “Scrapping the licence fee has several benefits. Mainly, the additional £159 taxpayers would have at the end of every year. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  “Currently, taxpayers must pay this fee to the BBC to access any terrestrial television, regardless of whether they are going to watch the BBC or not, on pain of imprisonment. “We found that almost three-quarters of a million people could be prosecuted for TV licence evasion by 2027. No other free-to-view channel is funded or charges viewers in this way. “And the cost is going up, with the licence fee having increased by over nine per cent since 2016. Understandably, these almost annual increases have created a lot of anger towards the licence fee. “It must be remembered that the cost of the licence fee alone is more than a Netflix and Amazon Prime subscription combined.” Specifically, Mr Friend believes the sale of BBC shares could be beneficial to taxpayers as it would provide the Government more capital to ease the tax burden on everyday people. As well as this, the policy analyst believes reform of taxpayers funding of the BBC could lead to unpopular Government proposals, such as the Health and Social Care Levy, being taken off the table. He added: “Selling off £2billion of BBC shares could significantly help taxpayers tackle the cost-of-living crisis, with this being enough to pay for a £300 uplift in the standard tax-free personal allowance. “Alternatively, a £5billion valuation would give the Government more room to support taxpayers by scrapping the recently introduced Health and Social Care Levy. “With families up and down the country struggling to balance their budgets in the middle of a cost of living crisis and a 70-year high tax burden, the government should relieve the pressure wherever possible – a sale of the BBC would undoubtedly do this. “So, abolishing the licence fee will not only allow taxpayers to keep more of their own money, but it will also give them the freedom to watch what they want without having to pay for the BBC.” Despite the push for reform, the TaxPayers’ Alliance does acknowledge that the BBC does serve a purpose and should continue in some form. Mr Friend said: “In our recent report, the Taxpayers’ Alliance recommended that the BBC should be partly privatised. “This would see the BBC reduced to one television channel, radio station, and online service - ending the in-built advantage the BBC has over its competitors. “This would also allow the BBC to go back to what it is known for, showing content deemed to be in the ‘public interest’. “It would be up to the government to decide what that is but could include the type of content you see on BBC News, BBC Parliament, World Service, Radio 4, and BBC Four. Far from ceasing to exist, the BBC would return to showing ‘what it is best at’.” Alternatively, the expert believes a subscription model could work to the BBC’s benefit as it would allow the broadcaster to operate without traditional advertising, which it is not currently permitted to do. He added: “Subscription is certainly one option under the part privatisation model, and it could be the route the private part of the BBC chooses. “By taking this option, the BBC could avoid using advertising to fund itself, like ITV and Channel 4. “Part of the BBC’s image is that it doesn’t have commercial adverts and a subscription model allows them to raise revenue without having to go against this.”