King Felipe VI has reigned in Spain since the abdication of his father, King Juan Carlos I, in 2014. The former Spanish king has been embroiled in financial controversy, but his son Felipe has now taken a major step toward making the Spanish royal house more transparent. King Felipe disclosed his personal wealth hours before the Spanish government announced a new law affecting how the royal house reports its finances. A new law will order the royal house to make public tenders and publish its financial statements quarterly. The move will bring Spain’s royal house in line with other European monarchies like the UK, with the British Royal Family required to be more transparent with its financial accounts. Under the new rules, the king will also be required to catalogue presents given to him, which can then become his personal property, be transferred to the state or be donated to charitable causes. Read More: Charles voices concern for asylum seekers – ‘Must do something’ King Felipe said: "Today, more than ever, citizens demand with all the reason that the moral and ethical principles inspire and the exemplarity presides over our public life". Minister Felix Bolanos, who is in charge of relations with Spain’s royal house, said the king’s disclosure of his personal wealth was his own idea. How much wealth does King Felipe of Spain have? King Felipe has disclosed that his assets include just under 2.3 million euros in checking or savings accounts and securities. A statement from the Royal Household showed the king also currently owns art, antiques and jewellery with a value of more than 305,000 euros. The statement added the king has received more than 4.3 million euros over the past 25 years which has mostly been in the form of his allowance as a prince then king, which was subject to tax. Felipe has received an allowance both as Spain’s monarch and before as heir apparent to the throne. The statement did not include references to any property or real estate. DON'T MISSDr Shola savaged after claiming royal Caribbean tour ‘failed’ [INSIGHT]Unseen Royal video shows Queen's great-grandchildren playing [VIDEO]Princess Anne knows the 'pressure' Kate faces as younger royal [ANALYSIS] Why have the new rules been introduced for Spain’s royal house? King Felipe’s father and predecessor King Juan Carlos I abdicated amid a tax fraud case involving members of Spain’s royal family in 2014. King Juan Carlos had also faced significant controversy for embarking on an expensive elephant-hunting trip in Botswana while Spain was experiencing severe financial issues. The former king no longer lives in Spain and has resided in the UAE for almost two years, and King Felipe removed his father’s palace allowance. The former king has faced allegations of tax avoidance and queries over alleged involvement in a high-speed rail contract in Saudi Arabia. King Felipe renounced the personal inheritance he could receive in the future from his father in 2020. Since succeeding his father, King Felipe and his wife Queen Letizia have worked hard to transform the image of Spain’s royal family among the public. Both are working royals with their own busy schedules, and they have two daughters, Princess Leonora, 16, and Princess Sofia, 14, who regularly appear at public events.