Harry Kane has been compared to Diego Maradona after once again flaunting his playmaking ability in Tottenham Hotspur's 5-1 rout against Newcastle United on Sunday. Tottenham romped to victory, and although Kane incredibly wasn't on the scoresheet, his impact in the build-up has garnered mass praise. Fabian Schar gave Newcastle a surprise 39th-minute lead at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, but Ben Davies equalised just minutes later, and the floodgates opened from there. Kane then provided a cross for Matt Doherty, who fired Tottenham ahead three minutes after the break before Son Heung-min added a third before the hour mark. Emerson Royal joined the defensive contingent in finding the net in the 63rd minute, making it 4-1, and Steven Bergwijn came off the bench to add a fifth in the closing stages. After full-time, ex-Newcastle and Tottenham star David Ginola heaped Kane with praise for his underlying role in the win. Despite not making the scoresheet, Ginola gave Kane one of the biggest compliments possible in the form of a stellar comparison. He told Sky Sports: "The new playmaker at Spurs is Harry Kane. I told you - Harry Kane, the playmaker, the number 10, he's like Maradona now. He's playing in the middle of the park, long balls, short balls, scoring, assisting, wow. This is a new Harry Kane." JUST IN: Gary Neville hints that Man Utd manager announcement is imminent Kane has adapted his game in recent years, and he's now just as dangerous in playmaking as he is a goalscorer. In 2022, Kane ranks first in the Premier League for goals (8), assists (5), shots (55), shots on target (22) and through balls (11). The 28-year-old has also struck a record-breaking partnership with Son and is drawing comparisons with Wayne Rooney for his ability to drop deeper and feed his fellow forwards. The fact he was named Man of the Match, despite not scoring in a five-goal win, indicates just how impressive he was on the ball against Newcastle. READ MORE: Five things we learned as Spurs beat Newcastle to climb into top four  Spurs head coach Antonio Conte also lauded Kane's performance, explaining: "His performance was amazing. I said to him at the end of the game that it was a shame he didn't score, but he played fantastic and made an assist. To have this type of player in your team makes you strong. "Having him on our side is very important. I like the person, first of all, sometimes players with great talent don't work hard. Before a great player, he's a great mate. He has been an example since the first day. Usually, when you are a top player, sometimes you are a bit lazy, but this is what I like is that he is a big example for his teammates." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.