Newsround first aired in 1972 and it has undergone huge changes over the years. The children's TV news show airs on the BBC's CBBC channel, providing daily updates on the latest headlines. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened to the original stars. John was the first Newsround host and he holds the record for the longest stint so far. He was a part of the show for 17 years and also acted as the editor. John is now 81 years old and he has taken on a number of other TV projects. In 2014 he took part in Gareth Malone's All Star Choir. Craven, who is married with two children, also does lots of charity work and supports the Young People's Trust for the Environment. On Newsround's anniversary, he said: "I’m very proud of what we created 50 years ago and how it is still seen by many as an essential part of the fabric of British childhood. "I’m sure Newsround will continue to grow and flourish during the next 50 years." Lucy was both a presenter and reporter on the show, for a total of four years. She is now in her late 60s and in 2017, she launched the FAME project. FAME stands for Food, Vitamin A, Measles vaccination, and Education. The initiative aims to eliminate vitamin A deficiency and the resulting blindness in children in India. READ MORE: John Craven recalls ‘barricading’ Newsround studio to ‘avoid’ fallouts Paul was a presenter and reporter for six years before leaving in 1985. Not much is known about where the TV journalist is now.  Howard was only part of the show for a year, but he went on to join the science programme Tomorrow's World in 1985. After leaving Tomorrow's World in 1997, he moved to Colorado in the US. Deciding to split his time between the US and the UK, he went on to present Changing Places on BBC Radio Four. The star, now 62, returned to Tomorrow's World for a one-off special in 2018. Roger featured on the news bulletins for six years before leaving in 1991. He went on to report for South Today as an environmental reporter and presenter.  Helen was a part of the show for three years, leaving in 1990. She was diagnosed with colon cancer in 1997 and fought a two-year battle. Helen died in August 1999, at the age of 43. DON'T MISS... 'I was rather worried': TV presenter John Craven on his health issue [INTERVIEW]The Royle Family: Where are the cast now? [EXPLAINER] Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? [INSIGHT] Terry was both a presenter and reporter for the series and left after a year. After Newsround, he worked for BBC News as a sports reporter and was a presenter on BBC Breakfast. In the mid-90s, living in the US, he was a sports anchor for CNN International's World Sport. The journalist is married with three children.  Juliet was on the show for four years before leaving in 1994. The TV presenter, now 56, went on to present BBC Breakfast for three years. She went on to present the Heaven and Earth Show, as well as Here and Now. Krishnan was a presenter on Newsround for three years and he currently presents Channel 4 News. The 51-year-old is also part of the foreign-affairs documentary series Unreported World. He has made documentaries in Afghanistan, Cambodia, India, Iraq, South Africa, and Yemen.  Paul was a presenter and reporter on the series for a year, and he has also worked in radio. He left full-time work at the BBC in 2006 and runs a production company called Mosquito Media. The show was then presented by 24 other hosts before the current stars took over. Newsround is now presented by Martin Dougan, De'Graft Mensah, Shanequa Paris, Ricky Boleto, Hayley Hassall and Jenny Lawrence.  Newsround airs on CBBC daily from 7.45am.