Antonio Rudiger is unlikely to join Manchester United upon the expiry of his current deal at Chelsea at the end of the season, according to reports. Rudiger is widely expected to leave Stamford Bridge in the summer after failing to agree terms over an extension to the five-year contract he signed upon joining the Blues from Roma back in 2017. A number of top European clubs have recently been linked with a move for Rudiger, with United having joined the likes of Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid in keeping tabs on his situation in west London. The Red Devils have already held preliminary talks with Rudiger's camp but it seems as though he will not be joining them in the near future, according to the Manchester Evening News.The report claims that United will target the addition of a new centre-back in the summer transfer window but are unlikely to convince Rudiger to make the switch to Old Trafford over the coming months. The Chelsea man's representatives have already spoken to United but there is 'little expectation' of a move being engineered in advance of next season.Rudiger is reportedly looking to speak to clubs with a guaranteed place in the Champions League rather than United, who only have an outside chance of qualifying for Europe's premier tournament between now and the end of the campaign. The Red Devils are believed to have other irons in the fire, though, with incoming manager Erik ten Hag said to be desperate to improve the club's ranks upon his expected arrival at Old Trafford. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp wary of six Man Utd players including Pogba Meanwhile, it remains to be seen where Rudiger will end up as he prepares to leave Chelsea in search of a new challenge ahead of next season. Former Premier League goalkeeper Paddy Kenny recently suggested that Rudiger could eventually decide to join Newcastle, who will have no shortage of money to spend on new players over the summer months."I mean, why not? It would take some doing but there is a pulling power at Newcastle," Kenny told Football Insider. "They look like they are going to be safe and that they will improve again in the summer."There is no reason why Newcastle can’t offer more money than anyone else.They are a team on the up and it’s a great project to be a part of. "He could turn them into title contenders. Money talks, but even if he does just come for the money he would be a brilliant addition."Rudiger has established himself as one of the Premier League's best central defenders over the course of his spell at Chelsea and played an instrumental role in shaping their incredible Champions League triumph last season. He is unable to sign a new deal at Stamford Bridge due to the financial restrictions currently in place at the club and will be a free agent in the summer as things stand. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here