Royal Mail has been experiencing delays since the beginning of the year due to pandemic-related issues. One of these issues has proved to be staff shortages, which has led to various issues within the postal network. On its website, Royal Mail explained that it operates an air, rail, and road network to move letters and parcels between its distribution hubs, mail processing centres, and delivery offices around the UK. Today, it has updated customers on how well these networks are operating. Fortunately, all networks have been operating to schedule over the last 24 hours. Royal Mail said: “Royal Mail operates an air, rail and road network to move letters and parcels between our distribution hubs, mail processing centres and delivery offices around the UK. READ MORE: Boots announces change to Advantage Card points “Here we let you know about any significant issues in our logistics operation. “Our air network operated to schedule over the last 24 hours. “Our rail network operated to schedule over the last 24 hours. “Our road network operated to schedule over the last 24 hours.” DON'T MISS: Weight loss: Apple cider vinegar can ‘improve metabolism’ [STUDIES]Reason why Camilla touches her hat 'Wants to be seen as normal' [EXCLUSIVE]Meghan Markle altered eternity ring from Prince Harry [STYLE] However, some mail centres across the county have been experiencing delays, which means people in some areas will not receive their letters and parcels on time. The company explained: “The mail centres below reported not all mail was processed or despatched to schedule over the last 24-hours, and as a result some mail may be delivered slightly later than expected. “Exeter Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Monday from across the UK, due for delivery today to addresses in the EX and TQ postcode areas. “Jubilee Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Monday in the GU, KT, SW and TW postcode areas, due for delivery today to addresses across the rest of the UK. “Leeds Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Monday in the BD, HD, HG, HX, LS, WF and YO postcode areas, due for delivery today to addresses across the rest of the UK. “Nottingham Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Monday in the DE and NG postcode areas, due for delivery today to addresses across the rest of the UK. “Swindon Mail Centre: Some mail posted on Monday in the OX, RG and SN postcode areas, due for delivery today to addresses across the rest of the UK.” As for deliveries, Royal Mail has not listed which postcodes are most affected by delays today. It said: “Deliveries are operating as normal across most of the country today. “We aim to deliver to all addresses we have mail for, six days a week. “In a small number of local offices this may temporarily not be possible due to local issues such as Covid-related self-isolation, high levels of sick absence, resourcing, or other local factors. “In those cases we will rotate deliveries to minimise the delay to individual customers. “We also provide targeted support to those offices to address their challenges and restore our service to the high standard our customers would normally receive.” However, British customers have taken to social media to express their frustration at Royal Mail’s “continuous” delays. Rashida Harper wrote: “Continuous delays at the Royal Mail, the nation’s once most trusted service! Smh.” Twitter user @dancingdonkey41 said: “@RoyalMailHelp I sent five parcels over three weeks ago to separate destinations and none have arrived. Is there a delay with second class parcels or are they likely to be lost?” Alexia Portman commented: “@RoyalMailHelp I ordered something on the 22nd of March which still hasn’t arrived with 48 untracked. When I search for my delivery I get this response from Royal Mail and this response from the company. Are you guys experiencing Covid delays? When can I expect to claim a refund?”