British tennis sensation Emma Raducanu has spoken out on her 'tough' split with coach Torben Beltz after a brief five-month partnership. The teenage Grand Slam winner also pledged to prioritise practice partners in training as she gears up for high-stakes campaigns at the French Open and Wimbledon. Raducanu has endured an up-and-down few months since she shocked the world to win the US Open last year. Indeed, the 19-year-old burst onto the scene in dramatic fashion, but her early career path has not been without complications. The youngster teamed up with Bentz, who previously enjoyed success with Angelique Kerber, in November. There have been mixed results since with a number of first-round exits, but their stint together ended on a positive note as Raducanu put up a stern fight against world number one Iga Swiatek in Stuttgart last week. News of the split emerged on Tuesday, and the Brit admitted that she had been mulling the decision for some time. JUST IN: French Open 'to allow Russian and Belarusian competitors' after fierce Wimbledon backlash "Torben is a very great guy, I really, really enjoyed my time with him on and off the court," said Raducanu, "He is one of the nicest people I’ve met, so obviously it was a tough one to split with someone like that. But I feel like right now I’m very comfortable with my current training and how I’m training. I’m feeling very confident in what I’m doing and how I’m working. "Obviously this decision doesn’t happen straight away. I’ve kind of been thinking along the same lines, just debating whether [or not to do it]. But I feel like over the last few weeks, it’s definitely become more apparent. "Especially as I’ve spent more time on the tour playing more matches against these top opponents, I kind of understand what I feel like I need more of. I think Torben has been great for me because when I wanted someone with tour experience for my first six months on the tour, it was very valuable. "I think going forward I’ll probably be putting a lot more emphasis on sparring. I feel like that’s definitely something that is becoming more apparent to me as I spend more time on the tour is just getting used to these girls’ ball speed. "I felt like in my quarter-final match [against Swiatek in Stuttgart], I was just trying to get used to the ball speed in the first few games and had a bit of a slow start because of that. I feel like if I were to get that sort of practice in my daily training, it could benefit me."  Italian coach Riccardo Piatti is hailed as one of the front-runners to join up with Raducanu, and he can boast names such as Novak Djokovic, Milos Raonic and Jannik Sinner on his CV. There has been no word from the youngster's camp on who is up next, but she has been tipped to hire 'the very best'. Raducanu will kick off her Madrid Open campaign on Friday. The Brit may take comfort in the fact that her opponent is Tereza Martincova, who she beat in straight sets earlier this month in her first ever senior match on clay.