The plan was originally leaked to the Financial Times by what Downing Street sources believe was “a massive Remainer civil servant in the Cabinet Office.” “It was probably done in the hope that it would kill the idea off,” a source added. But the nuclear option is “on the cards” because of frustration over the way the EU has refused to compromise on the issue. The Northern Ireland Protocol was agreed as a measure to cope with Ulster having a land border with the EU because of Ireland’s continued membership. It freed up mainland UK to leave the Single Market and be able to enjoy the benefits of trade deals outside the EU and escape Brussels red tape. But the Protocol has led to a de facto border down the Irish Sea between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK. It means that medicines, food and other products have to have border checks when being transferred between Britain and Northern Ireland. At the start of the pandemic the EU even invoked Article 16 to prevent vaccines going to Northern Ireland, although Commission President Ursula von der Leyan was forced into a rapid U-turn. Earlier this week Brexit Opportunities minister Jacob Rees-Mogg expressed the Government’s frustration with the deal and hinted that the protocol will be ditched. He told MPs on the European Scrutiny Committee: “It’s fundamental really, the Northern Ireland protocol does not work.” He added: “We signed it on the basis that it would be reformed and there comes a point where we say ‘you haven’t reformed it therefore we are reforming it ourselves.’ “Preserving the United Kingdom is much more important than any agreement we have with any foreign power. That must be the case.” A senior Downing Street source has confirmed that Eastern European countries are “very pragmatic” about getting rid of the Protocol. “They don’t mind,” the source said. “It’s Germany and France who are being the problem.” Downing Street has also pointed out that with the Ukraine crisis that the EU has given free movement to all refugees from the war torn country even though it is not a member state. “That’s fine and a fair thing to do but don’t tell us that we can’t have friendly free movement between a long standing ally like the UK which has been a democracy for many years.” A solution offered is to use police cooperation to track people breaking border rules across the UK and EU. “They do not have to be stopped at the border,” a source said. Talks are being spearheaded by Foreign Secretary Liz Truss.