The Attorney-General Secretary appeared via video link to speak with Kate Garraway and Adil Ray about Boris Johnson and whether he should resign over attending parties held at Downing Street during the pandemic. However, the interview left some Good Morning Britain viewers fuming, with many accusing the ITV hosts of "not interrupting" the MP during the interview. Others branded the segment "biased" and "one-sided reporting". "When it comes to partygate, what we want him to do is more than the usual expressions of regret," Thornberry began when asked her views on the Prime Minister's apology. "Which sounds more like a regret he has got caught more than anything else. "We want him to come and we want him to apologise for misleading Parliament and for telling us that no rules were broken and no parties took place because that is simply not true. "We want him to admit he knowingly misled Parliament because that is the case." READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series She continued: "He knew that there were parties going on all the time in Number 10 Downing Street. "They happened so often and I remember there was an interview with Dominic Raab on this very show in which he said, when he was Prime Minister, when the Prime Minister was in the hospital with Covid, that there were no parties, there were no wine Fridays. "In other words, he was making it clear when he was in charge, there was a different culture at No 10." "So..." Garraway went on to say before she added: "No, carry on!" "I was going to say when Allegra Stratton was talking about it," the MP continued. "All...it was the first time we'd heard about this. "Why was she laughing out it? She wasn't laughing because she thought it was funny, she was laughing because she wasn't innocent, none of them were innocent because they knew something wrong was going on at No 10. "It is simply incredible for the Prime Minister to come to Parliament and say that it all came as a great big surprise to him because for heaven's sake, he was at many of these parties. "He's already had one penalty as a result, we understand there well maybe more." DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [INSIGHT]Vera star pays tribute to co-star Brenda Blethyn [NEWS]Coronation Street theory: Gary kills again after Rick discovery [SPOILERS] Garraway went on to suggest to Thornberry that Mr Johnson may claim he didn't realise any rules were broken at the time. The host said: "He might argue that... he's gonna say that the advisors at the time told him no rules were broken. "He now knows they were broken, you could say that's incompetence because he was the lawmaker of those rules, the rule maker, but he didn't realise they were broken. "But I think we are likely to hear that he came to Parliament and wilfully misled them. If he does take that position. What will you do?" The MP raged: "The first thing I'd say is that the public doesn't believe him and I don't believe him." Many viewers took to social media following the interview to share their frustrations, with many questioning why Garraway and Ray didn't interrupt the MP while she was talking. Grant raged: "Appalling one-sided reporting. Again! Shadow cabinet members are never interrupted. Let’s see if the Conservative interviewee gets a constant bombardment and rudely spoken to." (sic) User @@TheGers5 raged: "What a disgrace that GMB always allows anyone from Labour to have an interview without presenters screaming at them but, you just know that when the Tory minister comes on, he will have Adil Ray and Kate both screaming at him." While Yvonne Whitfield penned: "Amazing not one interruption or argument from Adil, wonder why, oh yes it was a labour person being interviewed!! Biased or what . But he’s now ripping into the Conservative guy." (sic) "What a Bias interview have GMB agreed a backhand deal with Labour to give then uninterrupted free-range #scummedia," Andrew Beveridge added. Kevin C said: "Yet another Labour speech with no hard questioning by GMB. No doubt Adil will be butting in and not giving the Conservative MP chance to answer when they interview him soon." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.