Cristiano Ronaldo was spotted limping off the Goodison Park pitch due to two nasty-looking gashes on his left leg after Manchester United's humiliating 1-0 defeat to Everton on Saturday. Whilst United fans suffered punishment watching another lacklustre Premier League display, Ronaldo had a more physically painful afternoon on Merseyside. The Red Devils visited relegation-threatened Everton, losing seven of their first nine league games under Frank Lampard, looking to bounce back from last weekend's tepid 1-1 draw against Leicester City. But Ralf Rangnick couldn't inspire his side, and the club suffered another damaging defeat in their bid for a top-four finish. Anthony Gordon's 27th-minute deflected strike was enough to seal a significant three points in Everton's survival fight, ensuring United remained in seventh. Ronaldo returned to the starting line-up after missing Leicester's visit to Old Trafford but was starved of service for most of the game. When the 37-year-old did get a sniff, he was the target of whole-hearted challenges from the battling hosts. And there were worrying scenes after full-time as he limped off the pitch, showcasing two bloody holes in his left leg, most likely caused by studs. JUST IN: Man Utd star David De Gea hits out at attackers after Everton loss Ronaldo was a doubt ahead of the game after missing on-grass training in the days prior, but the Portuguese number seven returned upfront. However, his condition after the defeat could leave questions about whether he'll be fit to face Norwich City next Saturday. Rangnick is already missing Raphael Varane, Luke Shaw, Scott McTominay and Edinson Cavani through injury. And with time running out to seal a top-four spot, United now face a fight to avoid finishing seventh and, in turn, qualifying for the Europa Conference League. READ MORE: Man Utd vs Everton: Five things we learned as Ronaldo struggles again Some Red Devils fans are acceptant that the club currently isn't equipped with the personnel or attitude to be a success in the Champions League. Some would be hopeful of a spot in the Europa League, though, on the basis that it's a competition United would be capable of going far in. However, whilst the same stands for the Conference League, entering the third tier of European competition would be the most sickening indicator of United's turbulent downfall to date. Regardless, there is growing desperation for the season's conclusion to arrive as soon as possible after several pain-inducing months amongst the fanbase. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here