David Beckham, 46, reportedly gave his son, Brooklyn, 23, and his now-wife Nicola Peltz, 27, a luxury car ahead of their wedding ceremony. The former footballer was seen arriving at the venue on the big day in the same model alongside his wife, Victoria, 47. The vehicle - a vintage light blue electric 1954 Jaguar - is said to cost around £350,000, according to The Mirror. Nicola and Brooklyn were photographed cruising in the car following their wedding brunch on Sunday. The Beckhams’ eldest son married billionaire heiress Nicola in a glitzy event at the bride’s father Nelson Peltz's £58 million property in Palm Beach, Florida. Ahead of the ceremony, the oceanfront garden of the compound was prepped with three large marquees. READ MORE: Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer Nicola and Brooklyn married beneath a flower garlanded chuppah in honour of Nicola's Jewish heritage. Brooklyn shares some of his wife's Jewish roots via father David's paternal grandfather. The happy couple kissed for six seconds after saying their wedding vows and dancing to Can’t Help Falling in Love by Elvis Presley. In a romantic gesture, Brooklyn is said to have adopted his wife’s surname as his middle name. A source revealed the photographer will now go by the name Brooklyn Joseph Peltz Beckham. The insider explained that the symbolic act signalled his commitment to her. “Brooklyn is head over heels for Nicola - it’s a huge sign of his commitment to her, and his love for her,” an insider told The Sun. On Sunday, Brooklyn and Nicola shared a glimpse into their wedding as they posted a black and white snap on Instagram in view of the former’s 13.5million followers and the latter’s 2.2million followers. DON'T MISS...‘Your hair looks lovely’ Jason Manford aims jibe at Will Smith [INSIGHT]Fern Britton admits being seen by neighbours while skinny dipping [UPDATE]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show [LATEST] The image was captioned “Mr & Mrs Peltz Beckham” on both of their official Instagram accounts. Images of the couple’s big day showed a star-studded guest list including celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay and Desperate Housewives actress Eva Longoria. The Beckhams looked every inch the stylish family as they watched Brooklyn become a married man. David looked elegant in a black tuxedo, while Victoria dazzled in a silver satin dress with lace embellishments. Brooklyn’s ten-year-old sister, Harper, looked adorable in a white dress and a flower crown on her head. Harper attended the ceremony as a flower girl and also a bridesmaid. Nicola had six maids of honour, while the groom was flanked by six groomsmen. Cruz, Brooklyn’s 17-year-old brother, accompanied the groom as best man on the day.