Flight disruption is impacting travellers across the UK hoping to jet off during the Easter holidays. Hundreds of flights have already been cancelled over the week, due to a combination of coronavirus-related staff sickness and IT problems. Last week, over 1,100 flights to and from the UK were cancelled. On Wednesday British Airways (BA) axed 74 flights and easyJet cancelled 52, impacting an estimated 52,000 passengers. Today BA announced 68 cancellations to locations including Athens and Prague, while easyJet was forced to axe 42. In a statement on Friday morning, a spokesperson for BA said: "Aviation has been one of the industries worst hit by the pandemic and airlines and airports are experiencing the same issues rebuilding their operations while managing the continuing impact of Covid. We are also building a completely new subsidiary at Gatwick while increasing the size of our schedule at Heathrow. "So while the vast majority of our flights continue to operate as planned, as a precaution we've slightly reduced our schedule between now and the end of May as we ramp back up. "We've apologised to customers who are affected by this and to limit the inconvenience have re-booked them onto earlier or later flights on the same day they were originally due to travel where possible. We're also offering them the opportunity to book onto an alternative flight or request a full refund." BA  is operating the majority of its flight schedule as planned, but has reduced some journeys between now and the end of May as a "precaution". Regarding cancellations earlier in the week, a BA spokesperson said: “We are deeply sorry for the inconvenience our customers have experienced and thank them for their patience and understanding during this incredibly frustrating period. "We’re doing everything we can to get them to their destinations as soon as possible.” READ MORE: Brexit rules hit Brits heading to EU 'I should have gone to Wales' In a statement on Friday morning, a spokesperson for easyJet told Express.co.uk: "We will operate 1595 flights carrying around a quarter of a million customers today, with a small proportion having been cancelled in advance to give customers the ability to rebook onto alternative flights. We are sorry for any inconvenience for affected customers.” Earlier in the week, a spokesperson for easyJet told Express.co.uk: "As a result of the current high rates of Covid infections across Europe, like all businesses easyJet is experiencing higher than usual levels of employee sickness. “We have taken action to mitigate this through the rostering of additional standby crew, however, with the current levels of sickness, we have also decided to make some cancellations in advance which are focused on consolidating flights where we have multiple frequencies, so customers have more options to rebook their travel, often on the same day. “Customers have been contacted and provided with their options which include rebooking onto an alternative flight or receiving a voucher or full refund.” DON'T MISSManchester Airport worker quits job amid delays and chaos [REPORT]Simon Calder warns of ‘huge changes’ at Heathrow [COMMENT]Why are so many flights being cancelled? [EXPLAINER] On April 5, travel expert and head of the PC Agency, Paul Charles predicted flight cancellations could last for "at least a month". He said: "Sadly, flight cancellations will continue for at least a month as airlines and airports try to find more staff during the 2022 shortage. "The World Travel & Tourism Council (WTTC) warned in December that there was a looming labour shortfall of over 200,000 in#travel."  Here is a full list of the BA and easyJet flights cancelled so far today: Domestic European See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest