In an interview with Express.co.uk, Mr Korshunov explained the threat of nuclear spillover and problems that could happen at Chernobyl during the Russian onslaught on Ukraine. Russian troops have been occupying Chernobyl, having captured the Nuclear power plant on February 24. Mr Korshunov discussed how the Russians were running the power plant incorrectly, explaining that Russians do not have specialists watching the site, along with having not enough people to properly run it.  Recent reports have claimed that Russian troops have been slowly leaving the plant, and heading towards Russian allied Belarus. Russian President Vladimir Putin has not fully pulled out his troops but is redistributing them according to US intelligence. Mr Korshunov said: "For good work, you need it to be 500 people. "So these people can only work and try and balance this situation. "But if something goes wrong, they can't fix it, you know, because there are not a lot of specialists around here. "And also, they are all tired because of the crew that was on the... Previous from the 24th of February until a few days ago."  JUST IN: Boy found in hunt for student who vanished after night out with friends     The Chernobyl nuclear site is still highly dangerous, and reports from Western officials have revealed that Russian troops occupying the plant breathed in clouds of radioactive dust whilst seizing the plant. The soldiers came ill-prepared with no protection against the radiation. Speaking to Reuters, one worker said: “A big convoy of military vehicles drove along a road right behind our facility and this road goes past the Red Forest. “The convoy kicked up a big column of dust. Many radiation safety sensors showed exceeded levels." The troops had been warned about the dangerous radiation but did not take any advice.   READ MORE: Kamala Harris left viewers fuming after 'incoherent' speech - 'Wasteful gibberish'     Ukrainian officials lost contact with Chernobyl, due to the occupation of Russian troops, who are now in control of the area. Ukrainian officials said:  “Chernobyl is [an] area where they [the Russians] are beginning to reposition some of their troops. “[The Russians are] leaving, walking away from the Chernobyl facility and moving into Belarus. “We think that they are leaving. I can’t tell you that they’re all gone. But despite the concerns of a potential nuclear spillover should something go wrong, Prime Minister Boris Johnson suggested in Parliament that the UK should have more small power plants, as France has more than the UK.    