Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick feels "embarrassed" and "humiliated" after their 4-0 thrashing at the hands of Liverpool on Tuesday night and has delivered a harsh reality on the club's current plight in the Premier League. It proved to be another desperate match for United against their arch rivals at Anfield as Liverpool ran riot in the opening 45 minutes.   Rangnick's side failed to register a single shot on target in the first half with their defence all at sea in trying to handle Liverpool's attacking threat. Luis Diaz put Liverpool one-up inside five minutes before Mohamed Salah doubled his side's lead. United enjoyed a good spell at the start of the second half to threaten a comeback, but still failed to trouble Alisson on too many occasions. Liverpool soon regained their foothold in the match and Sadio Mane's goal put the game out of sight for United. Salah then added his second of the match late on to give Liverpool a dominant 4-0 victory over their rivals. The defeat for United has now hurt their chances of finishing inside the top four even more with both Arsenal and Tottenham ahead of them with games in hand. JUST IN: 5 things we learned as as five-star Reds send title statement  The likes of Roy Keane and Gary Neville laid into United during the match for the abject performance from United. And Rangnick appeared to agree with that assessment, insisting the Red Devils are in desperate need of a rebuild. “It’s embarrassing, it’s completely disappointing and also humiliating, but we’ve got to accept that they’re six years ahead of us," Rangnick said on beINSPORTS. "When you compare that squad that Liverpool has with the one that Jurgen inherited when he came six years ago I think at the end of his first season they finished eighth. "They had a point average of 1.6. This is roughly where we are right now with our current team so this team needs to be rebuilt. It's clear and a game like today showed that even in a very drastic way that this rebuild is necessary." DON'T MISS  It's the first time since the 1959/60 season that any single club has scored as many as nine goals against United in a top-flight season. Salah also became the first player in history to score five Premier League goals against United in the same season. Keane, who won 17 major trophies in his time at Old Trafford, was left questioning the entire United dressing room. He said on Sky Sports. "There's no surprise at the result. Over the two games this season it's 9-0 to Liverpool. "United are so far off it - the opposite of what you want in a top team. There is no leadership, no characters, no fight, no determination. "It's a long way back for this club. Whatever we had when I played - that bit of pride - has gone." 