The Duke and Duchess of Sussex addressed the audience at the televised event in The Hague on Saturday evening. In their speeches, the couple paid tribute to Ukraine's team who are taking part in the international competition in the Netherlands despite Russia's devastating invasion of their homeland. Meghan said: "We are so grateful to the Netherlands for welcoming us and for hosting the Invictus Games. "For each team, my husband and I both recognise it's been a lot to get here, both physically and emotionally. "Not least of which for the Ukraine team, who we are all standing with." Harry added: "Your bravery in choosing to come and for being here tonight cannot be overstated.  "You told me yesterday when you decided to join us despite all odds, you said you came to be on this global stage, not simply to show your strength but to tell your truth, the truth, of what is happening in your country. "You know we stand with you. The world is united with you and still you deserve more. "And my hope is that these events, this event, creates the opportunity in how we as a global community can better show up for you." The Duke received a standing ovation from the crowd after he was introduced by Meghan.  The Duchess looked chic in a white off-the-shoulder top, black trousers and stilettos for the opening ceremony. Meghan styled her hair in a bun and accessorised with a stunning gold necklace. Taking to the stage to introduce Harry, the 40-year-old said: "It is my distinguished honour to introduce someone that I think you'll all be very excited to hear from. "He has also spent many late nights and early mornings planning for these games to make them as perfect as possible for each of you.  "I could not love and respect him more and I know that all of you feel the same because he is your fellow veteran, having served two tours of duty in Afghanistan and 10 years of military service. "He's the founder of the Invictus Games, and the father to our two little ones, Archie and Lili. Please welcome my incredible husband, Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex." Harry and Meghan also made a sweet public display of affection as they shared a kiss in front of the crowd. The opening ceremony featured live performances by the Kaiser Chiefs, the Johan Willem Friso royal military band, singer-songwriter Anneke van Giersbergen, and rock band DI-RECT.  Members of the Dutch royal family and the country's prime minister Mark Rutte also attended. Harry and Meghan travelled from California to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. They stopped in the UK en route to visit the Queen and Prince Charles at Windsor Castle. The Sussexes made their first public appearance together in Europe since quitting as working royals more than two years ago when they attended a reception at the games on Friday.  Meghan is joining her husband for the first few days of the event before heading back to the US. A crew has joined the Sussexes at the games as part of filming for a Netflix documentary called Heart Of Invictus - a series from Archewell Productions following people who are competing at the event. Harry founded the Invictus Games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe, by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics. 