Tax payers are supposed to report their earnings immediately in regards to CGT. If something changes in an individual’s earnings and it increases, it need to be reported directly to HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC). UK residents can do this online on the gov.uk website using their CGT tool. They can do this via their Government Gateway account. With CGT, it is the gain that people make that’s taxed. It is not the amount of money they receive. For example, if someone bought a painting for £5,000 and sold it later for £25,000, they made gain of £20,000 (£25,000 minus £5,000). Some assets are tax free so there is nothing to report. READ MORE: PIP claim: Britons living with joint pain may be able to get up to £150 each week The Low Income Tax Reform Group (LITRG) explains how taxpayers should report their capital gains on its website. On its website, the lobbying group stated: “If you disposed of an asset and made a gain in January 2021, this would fall in the 2020/21 tax year (which ended on April 5, 2021) and you would be able to report the gain using the ‘real time’ service up to December 31, 2021.” Furthermore, LITRG emphasised how reporting to HMRC in this way will help Britons keep on top of their earnings. The group explained: “If you report your gains in this way, you will activate your Personal Tax Account, if you have not already activated this. “This means you do not need to wait until after the end of the tax year to report your gains in a tax return. “If you use this service to report your gains, you will not need to file a Self Assessment tax return for that year assuming you have no other reason to do so.“However, if you do need to file a Self Assessment tax return then you will need to report the gains again on this return. “If you choose not to use the ‘real time’ service, you will need to contact HMRC and register for a Self Assessment tax return by completing form SA1, or telephoning the Self Assessment helpline.” Britons are given more help about reporting their earnings to HMRC on the Government’s website. HMRC states: “You need to report your gain by December 31 in the tax year after you made the gain. “For example, if you made a gain in the 2020 to 2021 tax year, you need to report it by December 31, 2021. “You’ll need a Government Gateway user ID and password. If you do not have a user ID, you can create one when you report and pay. After you’ve reported your gains, HMRC will send you a letter or email giving you a payment reference number and telling you how to pay. If you need to change your report using the service, you’ll need your report reference number starting with ‘RTT’. You’ll get it by email within ten days.”