The fire started on Wednesday morning, at around 5.30am, but crews remain on the scene. Residents in the area are warned by authorities to stay away, remain indoors, and keep their windows closed. The fire is sending thick plumes of smoke into the sky. The cause remains unknown.    Initially, the Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service said the smoke is "significant". The force advised citizens to avoid the area, keeping windows and doors closed. The service said they were called to the landfill site in Compton Bassett, near Calne at 5.05am this morning, following "multiple calls" for a large waste fire. Approximately 40 firefighters rushed to the scene and are still operating throughout the day to put the fire under control. In order to extinguish the fire, the firefighters are working on breaking down the waste stack and smothering the affected area with soil. Crews were mobilised from Calne, Devizes (two), Chippenham (two), Melksham and Trowbridge along with the Environmental Protection Unit from Gillingham. The scene also attended two water carriers from Wilton and Pewsey and the Command Support Unit from Stratton. On arrival, the firefighters found approximately 40,000 tonnes of low-grade clinical waste and general household waste involved in fire. Moreover, the flames had wrapped an additional 2,000 tonnes of tyre bales. The service said that a "significant" smoke plume was heading towards the south of Calne. The announcement read: "Firefighters are making good progress by working alongside the site contractors to smother the fire with soil." READ MORE: Uber for dogs! New service to revolutionise pet travelThick plumes of black smoke billow into sky after huge Totnes fire  By 9am, most vehicles left the scene since the incident had been scaled out, the service said. Three fire engines and one water carrier were left behind to continue the operation. Group Manager Karen Adams said: "We are advising local residents to keep doors and windows closed due to the smoke in the area. "As this fire will be ongoing for a number of hours we will update the public with any concerns regarding the smoke should they arise.” The services made "good progress" in extinguishing the fire throughout the day, according to an update at around 4pm. However, fire service presence will be on site into tomorrow. DON'T MISS: Massive crash 'involving police car' shuts busy London road  