In light of the end of the first round of the French presidential elections, which saw Macron scoring 27.6% against Le Pen’s 23.41%, French author and journalist Marion Van Renterghem openly stated that a victory for Le Pen would represent a victory also for Putin. “This would be a massive victor for Putin”, firmly said Ms Van Renterghem referring to the possibility Le Pen won the ongoing French elections, which see her only a few points behind Macron. Ms Van Renterghem also added: “This is the second war of Vladimir Putin”. “He had a victory with Viktor Orban in Hungary, and he might have a victory in France”. Referring to the results following the end of the first round of election, Ms Van Renterghem reiterated: “Even if Macron in the end will still win the election, Le Pen will be so close that that the political landscape will be all changed”. She clarified: “If you read carefully her programme, you can see that she wants to leave the EU and so the NATO”. “I read the programme carefully, and what it says means that in the end the will leave the EU”. Leaving both the EU and NATO would mean a significant loss for both institutional bodies, and this would allegedly represent a consequential victory for Putin, as strongly claimed by Ms Van Renterghem. “I really do not know what will happen but it will be a massive change and shift”, continued Ms Van Renterghem referring to the position of relevance France holds within the EU, as well as that of being one of the six founding members. READ MORE: Russian troop 'raped baby in sick video' Concerning Macron and his presidency, she openly claimed: “Nobody cares about what Macron says and what Macron did”. Referring to Macron’s presidential agenda, she continued: “The record is not so bad” “Macron did a huge investment for people, he realised pretty good thigs but people hate him”. She added: “Macron committed the mistake to think that Le Pen was a repulser”. DON'T MISS: Green MSP faces resignation calls over trans anti-Semite remark [WATCH] Support grows for Macron as losing candidates rally against Le Pen [LISTEN] EU plot to raid £560tn London market dealt hammerblow [INSIGHT] “He has become the repulser now”. “And now we will have an election between two repulsers, which is very strange to assist”, reiterated Ms Van Renterghem referring to the results emerging from the first round of election, which see Macron and Le Pen share similar scorings. Since the beginning of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Macron has often entertained conversations with both Putin and President Zelensky, with the purpose of finding a diplomatic path that would end the ongoing conflict in Ukraine.