Arsenal were reportedly first told to sign Martin Odegaard nearly a decade ago, but ignored that 'recommendation'. Odegaard joined the Gunners on loan last January, before making the move permanent in a £30million deal with Real Madrid in the summer transfer window that preceded this season. But according the The Athletic, they could have signed him for a cut-price fee back when Odegaard was only 14. At the time, Odegaard was playing for Norwegian side Strømsgodset when he was seen by the head of Arsenal's Norway Supports group. It is stated that Bjorn Furuheim was head of security for Strømsgodset and attempted to convince the Gunners to sign Odegaard. He had been able to see Odegaard during his youth development at the Marienlyst Stadion when he attempted to contact Arsenal. “When Martin was 14 and started training with the first team, given my relations to Arsenal, I tried to call someone at the club to make a recommendation," Furuheim said of his attempts to call Arsenal's interest to Odegaard. READ MORE: Arsenal to watch Tammy Abraham ‘up close’ as Roma set asking price "‘You have to see the guy, he is so young, so good'. I had Paul Davis’ number, from when some legends used to come to Arsenal Norway. I said, ‘You have to tell someone at the club about Martin’.” Arsenal though ignored him, with Real Madrid instead swooping to sign him for just £3.4million in 2015. Odegaard is now finally a Gunners player, starring for Mikel Arteta's men in their challenge for a top four place, much to the delight of Furuheim. DON'T MISS: Arsenal's pursuit of Jesus proves Arteta's 'process' is working (INSIGHT)How Arsenal could line-up if Arteta and Edu follow Piers Morgan advice (ANALYSIS)Arsenal, and Man City target Spence 'dreams of playing for Man Utd' (NEWS) “Arteta loves him. He has friends in the club. In Real Madrid — no friends. He played with the second team, he earned a lot of money and was training with the first team; not a great period for him. I heard so many people say that when he came to Arsenal, everything changed. It is a fantastic story," he added. “It is so good to see my club, Arsenal, can make him that good because of the way they treat him. He has come to the right club. It is like a family for him. Everybody needs to be taken care of, even a super-super-class player.”