Arsenal transfer chief Edu is reportedly pushing for the club to replace Granit Xhaka with Lyon midfielder Lucas Paqueta this summer. The Gunners will be looking to bolster their squad once the season comes to an end. Arsenal appeared to be in pole position to secure the final Champions League qualification spot by landing a fourth-placed Premier League finish following a fine run of form in the early stages of the year. But the Gunners have come unstuck in recent weeks after losing to Crystal Palace, Brighton and Southampton. Mikel Arteta’s side have made big improvements this season - but they may need to bring in some new faces in the summer to kick on to the next level. And, according to Yahoo sports reporter Jorge Nicola, the Gunners are in the frame to land Paqueta. But Arsenal will need to see off competition if they are to sign the ace as Newcastle and Paris Saint-Germain also want to get their hands on him. And Lyon will demand a mouthwatering £66million for the Brazil international. READ MORE: Three players Arsenal can sign to fix issue Ian Wright has picked out    Paqueta, who has won 31 caps for his country, joined Lyon from AC Milan for £16.5m in 2020. He had lasted just 18 months at the San Siro after the Italian giants signed him from Flamengo. But his time in France has proved more productive than his time in Italy. Paqueta has made 73 appearances during his two seasons with Lyon and has racked-up 20 goals and 12 assists. During his time in France, he has played in central midfield, the right side of midfield and as a striker. And his versatility could come in handy in north London, with Xhaka reportedly heading for the exit after six years at the club. DON'T MISSTen Hag has already failed first Sir Alex Ferguson test ahead of Man Utd moveReal Madrid have a chance to sign a better striker than Mbappe and wound BarcelonaLiverpool icon Jamie Carragher tears into Man Utd over Cristiano Ronaldo - 'Embarrassing'      But the 24-year-old will need to think long and hard about his next move. If PSG come calling, he could find it too tempting to turn down a move to Ligue 1’s runaway leaders as it would give him an opportunity to play alongside the likes of Lionel Messi and Neymar as long as the blockbuster stars don’t move on at the end of the season. And a move to Newcastle could provide him with an enormous payday after the Magpies were taken over by a mega-rich Saudi-led consortium last autumn. The Newcastle owners have huge ambitions and are trying to build a squad that is capable of competing with the best teams in England once again. Arsenal’s starting side this season is stronger than it’s been for a long time. But squad depth is lacking at the Emirates Stadium. And Edu will therefore be hoping Paqueta will opt for a move to the Gunners if they decide to splash the cash.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here