Tony Blackburn, 79, has tweeted to state he will never forgive politicians including Boris Johnson who broke lockdown rules by having illegal parties at Downing Street. Tony’s sister Jackie died from Covid last year, and he was not allowed to be with her, while MPs enjoyed ‘bring your own booze’ bashes. Taking to Twitter in view of his 86.7k followers, Tony wrote: “Just got home and watching @BBCNews and talking about party gate. “I for one cannot forgive parties at number 10. My sister passed away when these parties were going on and I was not able to be with her. “Sorry I can’t forgive these politicians for not following their own rules,” he added. Daniel replied: “I’m sorry for your loss Mr Blackburn. My condolences to you and your family.” Cassie wrote: “I will never forgive and forget.” But others defended MPs, with Misty penning: “Sorry about your loss but you really need to look at this do you can let go of the bitterness. (Sic) “They were working together in the office. The same people who had cake had just been in a legitimate meeting together, and their bold moves on vaccination funding saved many lives”. At least two members of staff in Downing Street have been issued with police fines for the ‘BYOB event’ in May 2020. It is the second event the prime minister is known to have been at where revellers were later fined for attending, though he has not been penalised. Mr Johnson, along with chancellor Rishi Sunak, was previously issued with a fixed penalty notice for having a birthday party in the Cabinet room in June 2020. BBC Radio 2 presenter Tony explained the devastating news his sister Jackie had died back in March 2021. He tweeted: “I hope you enjoyed my @bbcradio2 shows this weekend which were recorded before I got the sad news that my lovely sister Jackie had passed away. “She had been in hospital with Covid and had been home for a week but lost the battle. I love you Jackie R.I.P.” He continued in another message: “I need a bit of time to get over my sad news so won't be doing my Sunday Show this week, but will be back next week. “Thanks for all the lovely messages my friends have sent me it's very kind of you.” Jackie, who was Tony’s youngest sister, had contracted polio at an early age, and used a wheelchair for the rest of her life. Tony previously told The Guardian: “When my parents died, I asked Jackie to come and live with my wife, Debbie, and myself, but she chose to remain in Poole where she has lots of friends. “Jackie never complains,” he added. “Her attitude to her life has altered my outlook on life. I have so much admiration for Jackie and I'm very close to her.”