Jean's (played by Gillian Wright) recent wild behaviour has been concerning her daughter Stacey (Lacey Turner), who recognises she has been in the throes of a serious bipolar episode. The EastEnders favourite tried and failed to get doctors to listen though, and Jean's reckless actions continued. Her fiancé Harvey (Ross Boatman) denied anything was wrong with Jean, but on Thursday was left wracked with guilt as Stacey and Martin Fowler (James Bye) were forced to head to Southend on the hunt for Jean, who'd disappeared there with only a wedding dress. As Harvey comes to terms with what happened to Jean, he might also lose his son, who was left in a serious condition after being stabbed in prison. With so much trauma surrounding him, Harvey might decide to leave Walford. The latest episode of the BBC soap saw Jean running around Southend in her wedding dress, determined to make it to her "wedding". A panic-stricken Stacey looked all over for her and was eventually able to locate her mother as she waded through the sea to "get married". Martin had already alerted police, and it's likely Jean will now be sectioned. Although this will break the hearts of her family, Stacey will be relieved to know she is now getting the help she needs. Yet Harvey isn't used to such trauma and may take Jean's hospitalisation badly. READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' Furthermore, while the search for Jean commenced, he poured his heart out to Tom "Rocky" Cotton (Brian Conley) about how he feels he took advantage of Jean's state and let her down. On top of this, Harvey is coming to terms with Aaron's injury as he lies in hospital in a terrible way. Doctors were unable to reassure him that his son would pull through earlier in the week. "Any news on Aaron?" Rocky asked as he attempted to comfort his struggling friend. "No," he replied. "Dana's (Barbara Smith) with him, nothing's changed." Rocky, trying to get Harvey to stop drinking, argued: "But it might, he might wake up at any moment and you can't turn up at the hospital like that." "I thought she loved me," Harvey blurted out, adding: "I thought me and her... I thought it was real." "It was," Rocky responded as the cabbie asked: "Do you think I've taken advantage of her? "Encouraged her, even? Because it stopped me from thinking about this mess with Aaron." DON'T MISS... 'Prince Harry should lose titles like Andrew' claims royal author [VIDEO]Lord Sugar leaves The Apprentice candidates ‘feeling really tense' [EXCLUSIVE]'Doesn't acknowledge' Prince Harry sparks uproar with UK therapy [LATEST] "Stop blaming yourself," Rocky ordered. "You and Jean, you clicked, it's obvious." Referencing a recent occasion where Jean made a move on Rocky, Harvey pointed out: "If that was her illness, then what me and her had, that was her illness too. "And all that passion, that was her illness. She didn't fancy me, she didn't want me, her bipolar did." Later, Harvey explained: "Maybe deep down I did know, but I went along with it because I'm not like you, Rocky, I can't just flash a smile and send a woman weak at the knees. "Being with her was a drug, seeing things in technicolour and I wanted to keep on seeing the world that way. "Because for so long, my life's been... grey." Rocky later told his friend he had probably been in love with Jean in spite of her illness, seeing her for who she was. Thankfully, Stacey got to Jean before it was too late. Although she'd submerged herself in the water, her daughter pulled her back out as the police arrived. Jean let out a heart-wrenching scream as she realised what was going on. With Jean likely sectioned now, this latest blow to Harvey may push him further over the edge. If Aaron ends up dying, with a strong possibility, a broken Harvey may decide it's time for him and Dana to leave. Feeling guilty about Jean and certain they'll never be able to make it work, Harvey could pack his bags. Although Dana didn't want to leave a few weeks ago, she may feel differently while grieving her brother. Also, Harvey will probably want to avoid being blamed by the Slaters. Could the torn-apart family decide their time on the Square is over? EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.