Manchester United defender Eric Bailly is reportedly ‘leaning towards a transfer this summer’ as French giants Marseille lie in wait. The Ivory Coast international has been given little opportunity to impress under Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer this season. The 28-year-old has only made four Premier League appearances all season, with his last start coming in the 3-1 home victory against Burnley on the 30th December. He is yet to see a single minute of Premier League action ever since he returned from this season’s Africa Cup of nations tournament in February. Having spent the campaign stuck behind the likes of Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane, and Victor Lindelof this season, Bailly’s future at United is becoming increasingly uncertain. He has two years remaining on his current deal at Old Trafford, which expires on the 30th June 2024. Bailly was subjected to plenty of interest from various clubs in the recent January transfer window, but he opted to remain at the club, before heading off to Cameroon for the AFCON. However, one of those interested parties Marseille are reportedly plotting a move for Bailly in the summer. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz French journalist Fabrice Hawkins, via Sport Witness, understands the Ligue 1 giants are interested in ‘coming back’ in for the former Villarreal defender. Jorge Sampaoli’s side currently reside in second position in what has been a very impressive campaign for the French giants. They also find themselves in the semi-finals of the Europa Conference League where they face Dutch giants Feyenoord for a place in the final, where they will face Leicester City or Roma. However, Sampaoli may need a new central defender in the summer if young starlet William Saliba returns to Arsenal at the end of the campaign. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players The imposing Frenchman has been on loan at the Stade Velodrome since the start of the campaign, after Gunners’ manager Mikel Arteta decided he was not quite ready for the Premier League. However, his performances have not only been impressive, they have also garnered the interest of France manager Didier Deschamps, who has handed him his first two senior international caps with Les Bleus. His exceptional campaign has attracted the attention of Arteta, meaning he will likely return to the Gunners at the end of his loan spell. And Bailly could prove to be the perfect replacement for the 21-year-old defender. Bailly is reportedly ‘leaning towards a transfer this summer’ but is also understood to have many potential offers, particularly from Italy. Incoming Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is understood to be keen on reuniting with Ajax defender Jurrien Timber when he takes up the reins at Old Trafford. Bailly is expected to make a firm decision on his future at the end of the season, when his future and potential involvement under Ten Hag will likely be clearer. But with an almighty player exodus understood to be on the horizon, Bailly could also find himself amongst the horde of players heading for the exit door.