McDonald’s constantly changes and updates its menu to keep up with customer demand. The fast-food company is re-introducing a popular item to its restaurants, which is sure to delight fans. McDonald’s launched the McSpicy last summer and, following its success, it is bringing the item back to restaurants this month. The McSpicy will be re-launched UK-wide next Wednesday, April 27. The popular dish will be available in restaurants across the UK and Ireland, making a much-awaited return. The product consists of a spicy chicken breast fillet topped with crunchy lettuce and mayonnaise. READ MORE: Healthy diet can contribute towards the betterment of the planet This filling then sits between two toasted sesame seed buns. The McSpicy costs £4.29 on its own and £5.79 for a medium extra value meal. But it isn’t the only item returning to McDonald’s restaurants from next week. The Grand Big Mac, Grand Big with Bacon, Cheesy Garlic Bites, and two McFlurries will also be available on menus once again. READ MORE:Protect your garden from pests using ‘homemade’ barrier [GARDEN] ‘Defensive’ Harry ‘overthinks every word’ in US chat [CELEB] Princess Beatrice and baby Sienna seen leaving Windsor for St James's Palace [ROYAL] The McFlurries are the Flake Raspberry McFlurry and the Flake Chocolate McFlurry. These cost £1.39 each for a regular and 99p for a mini. The Grand Big Mac costs £4.79 individually and £6.29 for a medium extra value meal. Customers can add bacon, making the dish a total of £5.29 on its own and £6.69 for a medium extra value meal. Meanwhile, the cheesy garlic bites cost £1.99. However, these products will be available for six weeks only – until stocks last. McDonald’s fans will be pleased to know about the McSpicy’s return as many have expressed their liking for the product on social media in recent days. Twitter user Samantha wrote: “That period of time McDonald’s did the McSpicy was probably the last time I was truly happy.” User Erwon Maliksi commented: “The McSpicy is the holy grail of McDonald’s menu items.” Alwiya wrote: “I’m not going to rest until I finally try the new Spicy Spicy McChicken from McDonalds. The normal spicy McChicken is too bland for me and the McSpicy was banginnnnn so I’m excited to try the new spicy spicy.”(sic) Harkirat said: “I need at least one McSpicy chicken burger in a day.” User Livvi added: “Please bring back the McSpicy and spicy nuggets. Would kill for either now.”