Moscow's threat came after the Armed Forces of Ukraine liquidated a mobile command post along with the commanders of the 4th Battalion Tactical Group (operational subordination) of the 201st Military Base of Russia's Central Military District, as per the press office of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. It said in a statement: "In one of the operational zones, a unit of the Ukrainian Army's Assault Troops, together with their comrades-in-arms representing other components of the country's defence forces, destroyed a column of the Russian occupiers' military equipment. "This includes a mobile control point along with the commanding staff of the 4th Battalion Tactical Group (operational subordination) of the 201st Military Base of the Central Military District of the Russian Federation." It added: "Together we will win! Glory to Ukraine!" A day earlier, battlegroup K-2 of the 54th Mechanized Brigade of the Ukrainian Ground Forces said it had destroyed a row of tanks on a country road in the eastern Ukrainian region of Donetsk Oblast. Ukraine LIVE: Russian convoy blown up as Putin under pressure to set exact 'victory' date They said: "Battlegroup K-2 is back! For a long time, we were very busy with our work and could not please you with the destruction of the Russian. "Somewhere in the Donetsk region, two occupying tanks were destroyed and several more left on fire." According to Ukrainian reports, the Azov Regiment destroyed two other Russian tanks the week before. As per local media, Russian losses amount to 19,800 servicemen, 739 main battle tanks, 1,964 armoured combat vehicles, 358 artillery systems, 115 MLR systems, 64 air defence units, 158 warplanes, 143 helicopters, 1,429 military trucks, seven vessels, 76 fuel tanks, 132 UAVs, 25 units of special equipment, and four missile launchers. Moscow's defiant response to "seeing Ukrainian troops' attempts to carry out sabotage and strike Russian territory" echoed the sentiment conveyed by Russian President Vladimir Putin in his latest public comments on the war. The ministry claimed: "If such cases continue, the Russian armed forces will strike decision-making centres, including in Kyiv." On Tuesday, Putin said peace talks with Ukraine had hit a dead end. He went on to vow his troops would achieve their "noble" aims and, in the strongest hint yet the conflict will go on for longer than hoped, said Kyiv had derailed peace talks by staging what he described as fake claims of Russian war crimes and by demanding security guarantees to cover the whole of Ukraine. Speaking at a news briefing during a visit to the Vostochny Cosmodrome, 3,450 miles east of Moscow, he said: "We have again returned to a dead-end situation for us." Asked by Russian space agency workers if the operation in Ukraine would achieve its goals, Putin said: "Absolutely. I don't have any doubt at all." Russian troops will "rhythmically and calmly" continue its operation, he pledged. DON'T MISSIreland rejects EU states' call to join NATO [INSIGHT]What forces Putin has left [ANALYSIS]The six countries likely to support Russia in WW3 [EXPLAINER] However, the most important strategic conclusion, the dictator added, was that the unipolar international order the US had built after the Cold War was breaking up. Dismissing the West's — and particularly Washington's — sanctions, Putin said: "That Blitzkrieg on which our foes were counting did not work. "The United States is ready to fight with Russia until the last Ukrainian – that is the way it is." On Wednesday, the US ramped up its condemnation of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, with President Joe Biden accusing the Kremlin of carrying out genocide in Ukraine and saying Putin is "trying to wipe out the idea of even being Ukrainian". While the reason for the fighting, according to Putin, is he has to defend the Russian speakers of eastern Ukraine and prevent its former Soviet neighbour from becoming an anti-Russian platform for Moscow's enemies, multiple investigations are underway into the atrocities seen in nearly seven weeks of full-scale war. The prosecutor at the International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague opened a case in February based on "a reasonable basis to believe that both alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity have been committed in Ukraine". The horrors reported from the port city of Mariupol and the executions of civilians in the town of Bucha are among the cases under investigation. Mr Biden told reporters: "More evidence is coming out of the horrible things that the Russians have done in Ukraine. And we're going to only learn more and more about the devastation. "We'll let the lawyers decide internationally whether or not it qualifies, but it sure seems that way to me." His comments were fast welcomed by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, who praised what he dubbed the "true words of a true leader". He said: "Calling things by their names is essential to stand up to evil."