Liverpool are heading to Newcastle today as they try and keep the pressure firmly applied to arch-rivals Manchester City. It could be a tricky game with Newcastle winning the last four of their five games under Eddie Howe's management. With both sides on top form, it's set to be a classic and if you want to tune in you'll find all the action available via BT Sport with the broadcaster securing exclusive rights to today's game. Things kick off at 12.30pm and those wanting to watch every goal will need to grab a BT Sport Monthly Pass which offers contract-free viewing for every single BT Sport channel. Once you're all signed up to the £25 plan expect plenty of action. Liverpool can't afford to lose today's match and even a draw would hand a massive Manchester City a massive advantage. The two clubs sit just one point apart at the top of the table and every win now counts as the end of the season nears. A victory for Newcastle would put them a step closer to a top seven finish something that looked unthinkable when Howe took over at the end of 2021. Speaking ahead of the clash, Howe said: "We’re playing an outstanding team – probably one of the best in the world – and it’s a great chance for us to see how far we’ve come. "We don’t quite know what Liverpool we’ll face but we have to concentrate on us. We have to be perfect defensively and we have to give them something to think about from an attacking sense. I think we have the players to do that – it’s just whether we can get our players at their very best levels.” HOW TO WATCH NEWCASTLE VS LIVERPOOL BT Sport has all the action live from St James' Park this lunchtime. The match will be broadcast on BT Sport 1 . Pre-match build-up begins at 11.30pm with kick-off at 12.30pm. BT TV subscribers can also watch all the action beamed to tablets and smartphones via the BT app which is available for both Android and iOS devices. It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use BT due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a BT TV subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). If you're not currently a BT TV customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This runs for 30 days and gives you access to all BT Sport channels for £25. The BT Sport Monthly Pass is contract-free and will let you watch BT Sport 1, BT Sport 2, BT Sport 3, BT Sport ESPN and Box Nation on a wide variety of devices. You can access the BT Sport Monthly Pass on smart TVs, laptops, mobile devices, desktops, tablets and consoles.