Russia expert Dmitri Alperovitch believes Vladimir Putin has a"real problem on his hand" in Ukraine as Russian troops pull back from positions around Kyiv after a month of stalemate. The Kremlin is reportedly considering drafting in reserves soldiers throw into the fight but Mr Alperovitch has argued these new recruits will not be enough to take the strategic Donbas region. Mr Alperovitch told CNN: "I think there's no question that they have to shrink their ambitions. "They know they can't take Kyiv. "They know they can't occupy the whole country. "Their forces are exhausted, most of their ground forces have been too committed to Ukraine. "So they have to rotate them out. "The draft is not going to help in the short term most of these conscripts need to be trained before they're sent in to fight. "So he's going to have a real problem on his hands and he needs to shrink their ambitions, just to the Donbas and even that is in question whether you can actually take that whole area." It comes as Russian missiles hit two cities in central Ukraine early on Saturday, damaging infrastructure and residential buildings, the head of the Poltava region said. "Poltava. A missile struck one of the infrastructure facilities overnight," Dmitry Lunin wrote in an online post. "Kremenchuk. Many attacks on the city in the morning." Lunin later said at least four missiles hit two infrastructure objects in Poltava while, according to preliminary information, three enemy planes attacked the industrial facilities of Kremenchuk. Poltava city is the capital of the Poltava region, east of Kyiv, and Kremenchuk is one of the area's major cities. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle in podcast takeover as Harry cut out of project [INSIGHT]Prince Harry on the spot as key security row paradox exposed [ANALYSIS]Jamaican MP hits out at claims she 'snubbed' Kate [VIDEO] There was no immediate information about possible casualties, Lunin said. Reuters could not immediately verify the report. Russia denies targeting civilians in the war that Russian President Vladimir Putin launched on Feb. 24, calling the biggest attack on a European state since World War Two "special military operation". In the Dnipro region in southwestern Ukraine, missiles hit an infrastructure facility, wounding two people and causing significant damage, Valentyn Reznichenko, head of the region, said in an online post. In the city of Kryvyi Rih a petrol station has been shelled, causing fire, he added.