It was a tale of two halves for Liverpool, who eventually squeezed past Manchester City by the skin of their teeth to reach the FA Cup final at Wembley despite leading the game 3-0 at half-time. The rampant Reds blew away their title rivals in the opening 45 minutes courtesy of Ibrahima Konate's header and Sadio Mane's brilliant brace but goals from Jack Grealish and Bernardo Silva set up a nervy, u unwanted finish. However, the Reds held on to ensure their pursuit of a historic quadruple remains intact, here's how Liverpool's players rated...  Alisson Becker - 8 Didn't have anything to do in the first half but when he was called upon, he was there to deny Brazil team-mate Jesus from adding a second for City - on more than one occasion. Denying the opposition from 1-on-1s has become Alisson's party trick in recent weeks and he showcased his excellent judgement and shot-stopping once again here before City did eventually grab a second. Trent Alexander Arnold - 8 Made a superb tackle to rob Jesus of possession. Solid showing from the England international and he made another decisive intervention at the death as City went in search of a leveller. Virgil van Dijk - 7 Nearly ghosted in on goal from a set-piece to add a fourth for Liverpool on 50 minutes but his compatriot Nathan Ake just about cleared. Kept City onside for one of their best chances of the match. Generally solid. Ibrahima Konate - 8 The big Frenchman is turning into somewhat of a cult hero for the Reds. He opened the scoring on five minutes when he climbed highest - over Nathan Ake - to power his header home, his third goal in as many matches. Andy Robertson - 8 Another assist for the flying wing-back, whose corner was right on the money for fellow defender Konate to head home. Yet while he was still reasonably solid, he was arguably at fault for City's two goals. Fabinho - 8 Much better than his shaky performance at the Etihad last Sunday. Booked for his troubles but made some fine interceptions and was Liverpool's commander in the middle of the park. Thiago Alcantara - 9 If there was ever anyone daft enough to ever doubt his quality, show them this match. This was a total masterclass, an exhibition from the Spaniard. The Wembley turf was his canvas and his feet were the paintbrushes. A work of art. His chipped ball to Mane for his second was nothing short of genius. Naby Keita - 7 Good shift from the Guinea international, who pressed well and utilised the ball effectively. Subbed for Henderson. Luis Diaz - 8 What a signing. Had City rattled - particularly his fellow South Americans Fernandinho and Gabriel Jesus. Worked his socks off to support Robertson and win the ball back for his team. Jesus then hacked him down in the first-half and earned a booking. Mohamed Salah - 5 Quiet by his standards in the first half but it didn't really matter as Mane turned on the style. Missed a golden chance to make it 4-1 but the Egyptian could only hit the side netting. Was then extremely wasteful as Liverpool looked to kill the game. Sadio Mane - 9 Liverpool should be giving this man a new contract. Pronto. He led from the front and offered a timely reminder of what a world-class talent he truly is. His relentless work ethic and pressing saw Liverpool double their advantage out of next to nothing. The Senegal international hunted down Zach Steffen and robbed the American blind, tackling the ball into the net. Mane then added a second when he finished with aplomb on the volley. Different class.