BBC Weather's Chris Fawkes has said tempeatures will fall to single figures by Thursday in the UK. While disruption for roads and railways is expected after a yellow weather warning was issued for snow across northern parts of Scotland. Mr Fawkes said: "For most of you Tuesday will have been a mild day but very different in Scotland with heavy snow for a time from the cold side of this weather system. "What's going to happen overnight, the milder air is actually going to move its way in and that means snow will turn back to rain. "For the rest of the UK and overnight, we've got clear spells and passing showers. "It's not a cold night, temperatures about 7C to 9C for most areas. "Wednesday, an unsettled day on the cards, will be generally a day of sunshine and showers. READ MORE: Jet stream to freeze Britain - rain, snow and icy gales till Easter "But Wednesday night sees colder air return particularly across northern Scotland. "A band of rain last seen across Shetland comes back and as it engaged with that cold air, we see the rain turn to hill snow. "We could see 5cm to 10cm across the high ground in Scotland." He added temperatures will drop to single figures by Thursday. The Met Office issued a warning from 6am to 10pm on Tuesday for an area covering much of Highland and Grampian. It was previously issued for 4pm on Tuesday to 11am on Wednesday. "Snow may cause some disruption across parts of Scotland through Tuesday before clearing northwards," the Met Office said in its warning. DON'T MISS Brits face commuter chaos as all-day yellow snow alert issued [INSIGHT]Canary islands weather warning as storm hits Lanzarote [ANALYSIS]Freeview users miss out on HD upgrade from BBC for another year [VIDEO] "Some roads and railways likely to be affected with longer journey times by road, bus and train services." The icy weather this month comes after the UK experienced its sunniest March since 1929. Northern Ireland basked in 90 percent more sunshine than average for the month, with a total of 192.5 hours of sun. Scotland saw 64 percent more sun than usual, with a total of 160.1 hours, while England enjoyed its sunniest March at 168.1 hours and Wales its fifth brightest with 157.9 hours.