On Sunday, incumbent President Emmanuel Macron beat far-right rival Ms Le Pen to win the French Presidency, The centrist took 58 percent of the vote share to Ms Le Pen 42 percent, in a narrower victory than their previous 2017 contest. Mr Macron, who made history by becoming the first French President since Jaques Chirac 20 years ago to be re-elected, thanked French voters for trusting him after “five years of hard times”, and vowed to govern for all. As the exit polls were announced on Sunday night the EU and NATO would have breathed a collective sigh of relief. Ms Le Pen, a renowned Eurosceptic, would have provided an existential threat to the union given that the National Rally leader wanted to reform the bloc to put French needs first. France is the second biggest economy in the EU, is its biggest military power and plays a huge leadership role in the bloc. Meanwhile, European leaders and the US were worried that a Le Pen presidency would have compromised the West’s approach to Russia, given her close ties with Moscow. Read More: Russian soldiers ordered Ukrainian woman 'to help find others'  Speaking to Express.co.uk, Professor Andrew Smith, a contemporary politics professor at the University of Chichester, said a win for Ms Le Pen in the election would have been “a victory for Putin”. He explained: “I think a victory for Marine Le Pen would be a victory for Vladimir Putin. “It would have been catastrophic for Europe and for international stability. “There are a lot of challenges facing us in the world right now and I think Marine Le Pen had the answers to precisely none of them.”  Though Ms Le Pen condemned Putin’s brutal invasion of Ukraine on a number of occasions, she has in the past openly expressed an admiration for the Russian leader. In the build up to the 2017 election she even travelled to the Kremlin to meet with Putin. Meanwhile Ms Le Pen was one of the few western political voices to throw her support behind Putin's illegal annexation of Crimea in 2014, while a year later her party accepted a multi-million pound loan from a prominent Russian bank. As noted by Mr Macron in last Wednesday’s election debate, Ms Le Pen’s party was still paying off the outstanding loan. Don't Miss:Chernobyl survivor's excruciating radiation poisoning laid bare[OPINION]Wife of ex-Putin ally ‘frightened’ by Kremlin: ‘I have done nothing’[INSIGHT]Best missiles in world: Top weapons ranked with British missile top[ANALYSIS]  Prof Smith added that Mr Macron’s victory was also a good thing for Anglo-French relations, claiming: “I think it’s good news for the UK in that they have a liberal rules-based order-supporting regime in Paris which is a fair dealing partner in trade and politics. “I think there are norms of diplomacy, of trade, of economics, of culture that are maintained as a result of this re-election of Macron, which would have been thrown into chaos and disarray by the election of Marine Le Pen. “So in many ways I think it provides for the UK a more dependable and I would argue, a more reasonable partner, with whom they can deal more fairly and hopefully for the benefit of both nations.” Though Ms Le Pen sought to distance herself from Putin after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on February 24, she also expressed interest in removing France from NATO’s integrated campaign against Russia.  Ms Le Pen sought to foster a closer relationship with the Kremlin which she believed would prevent Russia from becoming a closer ally with China. Before Sunday’s second round vote, Professor Rainbow Murray, a French politics specialist at Queen Mary University of London, told Express.co.uk that Ms Le Pen “admires Putin” and was unlikely to cut ties with Russia if elected. She said: “[A Ms Le Pen presidency] would be a huge problem in terms of Ukraine and the withdrawal of support for NATO. “Up until the invasion of Ukraine she was looking to Russia for her alliances and we can’t guarantee that that will stop. “It’s not politically acceptable right now to be openly pro-Russia, but I think generally that’s where her sympathies lie. “She admires Putin, she agrees with him ideologically and I think that will make things harder for the UK in terms of its own understanding of what it means to be a player in the new world order outside the European Union.”