Graeme Souness offered a typically brutal assessment of Jorginho's tame penalty that left the Italian red-faced after nearly costing his side three points against West Ham. The technical midfielder is usually reliable from 12 yards - despite his controversial, stuttered technique - but he got it badly wrong this time around as Lukasz Fabianski called his bluff.  Chelsea were handed a late lifeline following a dismal team display when Craig Dawson brought down Romelu Lukaku as he bared down on goal. The defender was booked and later given a red card for the challenge on the Belgian following a VAR check. Up stepped Jorginho but his hop, skip and jump did not pay dividends, as he tapped a tame effort into the grateful arms of Fabianski. Thankfully for Chelsea, Christian Pulisic would save the day with just minutes to play as he struck the winner but still, Souness could not ignore Jorginho's criminal spot-kick. He said in the Sky Sports studio: "It's pathetic. It's bouncing before it gets to the goalkeeper. "I mean, that's an example of how to take a penalty. There's no conviction. "I'll just pass it into the net, centre of the goal. It's easy for the goalkeeper to save it. Poor penalty. "That was going to bounce twice before it got to the goalkeeper." Former Everton striker Kevin Campbell, who was alongside Souness and Dave Jones, felt as though the decision to award a penalty was harsh... "I think it was a bit harsh, I thought the contact was outside the box," he said. "Lukaku is so strong, his power takes him into the box. "It's that last, not sure if it's a tug, but that last contact that spins him around.  "Yeah he probably is [denying a goalscoring opportunity] but the contact is outside the box, Lukaku is so strong and it's that last little contact that spins him around." Chelsea simply haven't been at the races in recent weeks, particularly at home. They've been beaten by Brentford, Real Madrid and Arsenal at Stamford Bridge in what has been a testing and tricky April. However, the Blues were able to grind out the win that sees them edge closer to securing Champions League football for next season...