Judy Finnigan, 73, and Richard Madeley, 65, have opened up about the early days of their relationship when they met in the Granada TV studio in 1982. Judy had already worked at the Manchester office for two years by the time Richard joined the team. Although Richard says he was attracted to his future wife from the moment he saw her, Judy’s first impression was very different. Judy had been assigned to show her now-husband around the office on his first day and admitted she thought he was a bit full of himself. She remarked: “I remember Richard walking into the newsroom, it was May, and he was wearing a really pale blue suit, sort of like ice blue. “I thought, ‘Oh God he thinks a lot of himself doesn’t he’.” READ MORE:Britney Spears, 40, pregnant with first baby with husband Sam Asghari Richard and podcast host Kate Thornton burst into hysterics, as Judy continued: “I mean, you looked great, but all the other blokes were just wearing jeans and God knows what else, and there you were in your pale blue suit." Richard then pleaded: “It was my first day at the office, come on give me a break! “So, you thought I was a w***er?” As Kate continued to laugh loudly, Judy attempted to rectify her comment saying: “No I didn’t think that at all! “I just have a very vivid image of you walking into the newsroom wearing that blue suit... that was my first impression of you.” Both were married at the time of their first meeting and Judy had two young twin sons, Tom and Dan. By 1986, their first marriages had fallen apart, and sparks began to fly between the pair. Richard recalled how they became close while they were out on location and shared a kiss on a taxi journey back to the studio. The Good Morning Britain host said the kiss “felt very natural” and from then the couple knew it was the “beginning of something that wasn’t going to end”, during a recent episode of White Wine Question Time. DON'T MISSDonny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show[LATEST]Andrea McLean's sadness after being forced to sell home amid show exit[INSIGHT]The Chase's Mark Labbett bids a relieved farewell to Richard Osman[NEWS] Back in November, Richard and Judy celebrated their 35th wedding anniversary. They share two children, Jack, 35, and Chloe, 34, and their long-running relationship has seen them host This Morning from its inception in 1988 and their self-titled Channel 4 show until 2008. The veteran presenters are now preparing for the birth of Chloe’s first child with her rugby player husband, James Haskell. Richard spoke about the happy news when he interviewed James on GMB in February. He said: “There is another thing that we now need to talk about, and I am going to talk to you now as your father-in-law. “It’s about my daughter Chloe, your wife, what do you want to tell us?” James beamed as he confirmed: “Chloe and I are expecting our first child. We are having a little girl and you are going to be a grandfather once again.” Richard and Judy are also grandparents to Jack’s son, Kit, who was born in 2018. Judy’s son Tom also has two daughters, Ivy, eight, and Edith, four.