Alexander Dreymon is better known to fans of The Last Kingdom as Uhtred of Bebbanburg, a fierce warrior based on real figures from history who secured England’s future. Although the epic Netflix drama has become notorious for its brutal battles and tense political drama, Alexander’s co-star Arnas Fedaravičius confirmed there was still time to have fun behind-the-scenes in his latest Instagram post. Arnas posted a short video of Alexander playing golf during a pivotal scene on the set of The Last Kingdom. While the cast have opened up about the series’ tough filming conditions, there was clearly room for some fun both before and after the cameras stopped rolling. The Sihtric star pointed his camera at an ongoing scene, before panning across to reveal Alexander putting a golf ball in the set’s attic. In the Instagram caption, he wrote: “Hard work. Commitment. Devotion to the art. Silence on set. And locking Uhtred’s hips. READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits “These are the secret ingredients to the success that @thelastkingdom has become over the years.” Fans of the series took to the comments to post their reactions to Arnas’ hysterical post. Arnas and Alexander’s co-star Eliza Butterworth replied: “HAHAAHHAAHAHHAA ICONIC.” @nadialittle88 laughed: “Hahaha! Of course you’re creating chaos.” And @intheblue22 joked: “Hahahah, I don't understand why this scene was not included in the final version. Clearly an outtake.” (sic) Alexander had more opportunities for backstage fun as the cast returned to set for one last time to film the upcoming feature film, Seven Kings Must Die. The extended Last Kingdom special will wrap up Uhtred’s epic medieval story, as well as many other important figures from the show’s brutal era of history. Filming for the show’s final edition wrapped up in March, prompting series lead Alexander to take to Instagram to thank his fans after a demanding shoot. DON'T MISS:EastEnders’ Diane Parish says it’s tough on set after June Brown death [INSIGHT]Chicago Med fans furious with Stevie Hammer’s surprise exit [REACTION]Yellowstone’s Lee Dutton star celebrates new role [LATEST] In his recent post he said: “That’s a wrap on [The Last Kingdom], on Seven Kings Must Die, and on Uhtred, son of Uhtred. “As you can tell, I’m slightly out of it, exhausted and overwhelmed. “Overwhelmed with gratitude for everyone who has gotten us to this point…our cast and crew, and, of course, all of you. “Thank you [Netflix] for allowing us to travel all the way to Bebbanburg and beyond.” He concluded: “I feel so lucky that I got to live part-time in Uhtred's skin for so many years. From the bottom of my heart, thank you all.” Uhtred’s journey is far from over after taking back his ancestral home of Bebbanburg. Seven Kings Must Die has yet to be given a release date, though Netflix has confirmed the feature-length finale will be two hours long. Although King Constantin (played by Rod Hallett) has established a temporary truce to keep Northumbria independent, there are still many battles to come before England is fully united once more. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix.