Prince Harry announced last summer he is working on an "intimate and heartfelt memoir". The book, expected to be released at the end of this year, has been described in a statement shared on the website of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's organisation - Archewell - as the "definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him". What the Duke of Sussex will dive into in this book, set to cover his "lifetime in the public eye from childhood to the present day" is strictly under wraps. But reputation management expert Eric Schiffer believes there is a chance the memoir will contain more claims with the potential to damage the image of the Royal Family. He told Express.co.uk: "The book, I am sure, will be hobbling in some ways to the monarchy. "And create a further perception of maiming by Harry." He stressed Prince Harry will surely express his truth in the book, much like he did during his landmark interview with Oprah Winfrey in early 2021. He continued: "Not to suggest that this isn't his truth, because it may well be his authentic pain that he chooses to further share - perhaps including stories related to his wife's challenges as well. "But I expect further spontaneous combustion." Referring to revelations and claims potentially damaging for the Firm and its members as "spontaneous combustion", he added: "You are going to see, I think, more spontaneous combustion that may not be as horrific as some of the allegations from before but still, I think, potentially disfiguring to the image of the royals. READ MORE: Body language signs Princess Eugenie is not ‘Team Cambridge’ "And that's a powderkeg, that's a big unknown." Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle sat down for a tell-all interview with Ms Winfrey in early 2021. During their chat, Prince Harry spoke about a strained relationship with his father Prince Charles and said he and Prince William, while still loving one another, were on different paths. Both Meghan and Harry stressed their relationship with the Queen had remained very good even after they stepped down as senior royals and relocated to the US. The Sussexes also launched damaging claims of neglect and racism against the Firm, to which Buckingham Palace responded with a brief statement in which it was said the whole family was "saddened" to learn the "full extent of how challenging the last few years" had been for the couple. Moreover, it read: "The issues, particularly that of race, are concerning."While some recollections may vary, they are taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately. "Harry, Meghan, and Archie will always be much-loved family members." Mr Schiffer also touched upon the possible size of the deal between Harry and his publisher. The California-based expert said: "You don't get big cheques without saying things that will be perceived to be dangerous to some." Prince Harry's memoir will be released in print and digital formats in the US by Random House, while British readers will see the book being published by Transworld, an imprint of Penguin Random House UK. Both the publisher and the Duke have not disclosed the size of the deal.Reports have emerged last summer claiming Prince Harry was given an advance payment worth millions. Regarding this issue, Archewell only stated: "Prince Harry will be donating proceeds to charity". Prince Harry himself spoke about his book, which he is reportedly writing with the support of ghostwriter J.R. Moehringer, an American novelist and journalist.In a statement shared last summer on Archewell.com, he said: "I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. "I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful."