Manchester United hero Roy Keane unleashed a ferocious rant after watching his former side whimper to a 1-1 Premier League draw with Chelsea on Thursday night. And his fellow Sky Sports pundit Jamie Redknapp struggled to contain his laughter as Keane refused to hold back. The Red Devils were second best for most of the evening at Old Trafford and were fortunate to come out of the match with a point. And Keane was particularly outraged that some of the United players who are leaving at the end of the season were playing ahead of the club’s youngsters. “We’re talking about [Nemanja] Matic getting interviewed after the game that he’s leaving,” an angry Keane said after the match. “There’s three games to go - stop talking about that you’re leaving. You made a statement a couple of weeks ago - leave it at that. “[Juan] Mata’s come on for Man United again today, he’s come on the last few games. You’ve got some young kids on the bench - get them on. It’s like a tribute to Mata - I thought it was his testimonial tonight. MUST READ: Newcastle ‘ask’ Real Madrid chiefs about Marco Asensio transfer   “You’re Man United. You’re fighting for points, you’re playing for pride. Yet it’s all like, ‘we’ll give him a game. We’ll bring [Phil] Jones on. Everyone gets a round of applause.’ You’re there to try and win a game of football for Man United. Forget all this, ‘oh, we’ll give someone 20 minutes because he’s leaving in a few weeks.’ Actually you should have left two years ago - a few of them. Yet they’re all coming on getting a little 20 minutes. “Mata comes on and I know Gary [Neville] was praising him when he came on and had a few touches. Get some of the young lads on. Young lads who are hopefully going to be there for the future and get a taste of playing at Old Trafford, a taste of playing against really good players. DON'T MISS Arsenal to watch Tammy Abraham ‘up close’ as Roma set asking price Real Madrid boss Ancelotti responds to Rudiger question - 'Who?' Jules Kounde's view on joining Chelsea has not changed     “Mata is leaving in a couple of weeks - you brought him on last week. Mata’s not going to come on and change the game. He should have left last year. But last year they gave him another year. I don’t know why. Again, jobs for the boys. He’s pals with this [person] or the chief executive. Who’s giving out these contracts? Crazy.” United had their goalkeeper David de Gea to thank for the fact they were level at the break after the Spain international had denied Kai Havertz and N'Golo Kante. But De Gea was powerless to stop the Blues from taking the lead on the hour mark as Marcos Alonso volleyed the ball into the back of the net from a tight angle. The hosts’ blushes were spared, however, two minutes later as Cristiano Ronaldo thrashed the ball past Edouard Mendy in the Chelsea net to level the scores. And neither side could find a winner as they shared the spoils. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here