On Thursday's Tipping Point, ITV host Ben Shephard welcomed three new contestants onto the show. Players Andrew, Angie and Darien had to go head to head against each other in the hopes of making it to the final round. The last contestant standing would then go on to try and win the £10,000 jackpot. However, just minutes into the programme, viewers weren't impressed with the show's format shake-up. On Monday, Ben returned with a new series of Tipping Point, although viewers instantly spotted a number of changes to the show. Firstly, instead of the usual four contestants taking on the Tipping Point machine, there were only three players. All three contestants also made it through to the second round, whereas the old format would see one player sent home after the first round. The quick fire question round also saw a shake-up because the contestants were given 45 seconds to answer their questions instead of 30 seconds. READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts   This meant the players had a better chance of winning more counters for the Tipping Point machine. Despite, some viewers liking the changes to the programme, others were left unimpressed. On Thursday, some viewers said they'd "had enough" and even admitted to changing the channel. "Had enough. Bye tippers #tippingpoint," Arthur wrote as Archibald admitted: "Can't watch this. #TippingPoint" Jennifer Powell tweeted: "Get that Darien off!! That's it...turning off .#tippingpoint." While user @pitabread commented: "Hate the new format!! 3 contestants at the start then ALL go through to the next round, just c**p! Way too much talking between contestants!! That’s us done!! Will have to find something else to watch, should be easy though!! #tippingpoint." (sic) Alice went on to joke: "New format is working well then #tippingpoint." "Oh I see, so after the first round, nobody is eliminated. Such c**p," Layla-Jade fumed. DON'T MISS...Carole Malone erupts in firey election debate over Partygate row [VIDEO]Death in Paradise star snubbed for BBC role over language difficulty [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Daniel Osbourne for affair with co-worker [SPOILERS] The three contestants didn't get off to the best of starts during Thursday's episode as they stumbled on a number of Ben's questions. Despite hitting her buzzer first, the counters were stubborn for Angie, and she didn't manage to knock any down. However, Darien had luck on his side as he stormed into the lead winning £1,400. Things didn't get much better for the players in the second round as they each took it in turns to answer quick fire questions within 45 seconds. Andrew managed to catch Darien up and in the end, poor Angie was sent home. Things got tense in the third round as there was just £50 between Darien and Andrew in making it to the final. However, Andrew sailed through to the end after answering Ben's question correctly. It was very touch and go for the contestant as he took on the Tipping Point machine. Although, after trading the £2,600 he'd already won for a chance to win the jackpot, Andrew ended up walking away with the £10,000. Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.