Matt Tebbutt, has hosted BBC's Saturday Kitchen since the departure of James Martin in 2016. The television chef has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about how he is doing since having "emergency" keyhole surgery in January. Matt was rushed to hospital in the middle of January this year, telling his fans on January 19. He posted a picture from a hospital bed, worrying many, but reassured his fans he was getting the help he needed. Matt has since fully recovered and has spoken to Express.co.uk about how he is doing. He said: "Oh god, it was a bit of a scare, but luckily, I got away with just having keyhole surgery. READ MORE: Michaela Strachan on hiding cancer diagnosis "I'm feeling fine now and pretty much back to normal, thanks to all the wonderful staff at The Grange hospital in Newport." At the time with the picture of himself in a hospital bed, he penned on Instagram: "Me, a morphine drip and an emergency appendectomy are keeping me from a much anticipated lunch at @manteca_london with @ollysmith @sarah10016 @hardiegrantuk. "But everything and everyone here at The Grange hospital in Gwent has been fantastic. "Couldn’t ask for more from such a brilliant health service. "So grateful. #nhs #nhsnurse #thegrangehospital #appendectomy." Friends, along with other social media users, took to the comments to wish the TV star well after the shocking news. Susanna Reid said: "Ouch." Naga Munchetty also commented: "Get well soon xx." DJ Sara Cox added: "Woah! Matt! Hope you're feeling better. Hope @ollysmith has swapped out the morphine in the drip for a nice Malbec? DON'T MISS... Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [OSCARS] Ricky Gervais makes dig at Oscar gift bags degrading 'poor people' [OPINION] Ranvir Singh asks for advice as she suffers from 'most painful' issue [GMB] Matt had an appendectomy, which is surgery to remove the appendix when it is infected. Surgeons will remove the appendix with scientists being unsure of why people need the organ. The causes of appendicitis aren't always clear, but it is thought to be prompted by something blocking the entrance to the organ. Matt took over James Martin's acclaimed presenting stint on Saturday Kitchen back in 2016. Last year, Matt revealed what it was like to fill such huge shoes after James' 10 year spell. The television food presenter said taking over James' role wasn't an "insurmountable hurdle", having covered for him previously. Speaking to The Sun, he said: "He did have a very dedicated fan base to win over. James has always been very encouraging though." Since 2017, James has launched his own show with ITV titled Saturday Morning with James Martin. The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, is currently on at Olympia London until Sunday 27th March 2022. Matt Tebbutt will be on the Eat & Drink stage on Saturday 26th March. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk