Dillian Whyte has told the boxing world that he wants a rematch with Tyson Fury after his loss under the famous Wembley arch on Saturday - claiming that Fury's push shortly after the uppercut was illegal and caused him to bang his head in the process.   Fury, 33, retained his WBC and The Ring heavyweight titles with a win over his fellow countryman in front of a 94,000-strong crowd in west London. Slowly edging his opponent out in the first five rounds, the 'Gypsy King' looked set to win by unanimous decision if Whyte could stay on his feet until the end. But just seconds before the bell rang at the end of round six, Fury caught Whyte with an uppercut that left him on the canvas. Try as he might, Whyte didn't do enough to convince the referee that he could continue after the decisive blow. But the Jamaican-born star has told Sky Sports that he wants a rematch against the 6ft 9in giant, with the push being illegal and causing him to lose the fight. "He said he will retire, but I hope he doesn't retire because I want another go," Whyte said after his loss at Wembley.  "Obviously when I was trying to regather my senses, he properly full-on pushed me. I fell over and hit my head on the canvas, which is illegal. This isn't wrestling, this is boxing you know. "But as per usual, let [Tyson] Fury do what he wants and get away with it. I should have been allowed extra time to recover and carry on fighting, and then he pushed me. Then, Fury even says to the referee 'oh, don't let the fight carry on'". The 34-year-old stood up to try and regain stability, but after stumbling off to the side of the ring, the match official stopped the fight to give Fury a sixth-round win. Whyte, however, did not agree with that decision - citing the referee as 'not doing his job'.  "The referee isn't doing his job. Okay, I got caught, no doubt, [with] a good shot. "I went for a left uppercut and he went for the right uppercut and he is taller than me, I was hurt and I didn't go straight down. "Then he full-on two-hand pushed me and I fell over and hit my head. It was a terrible job from the referee there, but it is what it is." 