Married at First Sight Australia season nine has seen explosive rows, backstage scandal and raunchy romances. One love story which has shocked fans is the unexpected union of Carolina Santos and Daniel Holmes who were originally partnered up with different spouses. The contestants have recently spoken out about their current relationship status, months after filming was wrapped up. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia. Carolina Santos and Daniel Holmes were originally partnered up with Dion Giannerelli and Jessica Seracino, respectively. From the outset, these couples didn't appear to make good matches, struggling to find common ground and bickering regularly. Carolina and Daniel started seeking comfort from one another, meeting up in secret to get advice on their relationships. This in turn led to more secret rendezvous and one surprising commitment ceremony. READ MORE: Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos? Jessica had already walked out on Daniel, and Carolina's relationship with Dion was already on the rocks. So when they walked hand-in-hand to speak to the experts about joining the experiment as a new couple, their fellow contestants walked out in protest. The experts were also less than impressed with their behaviour, telling Daniel and Carolina that it made a mockery of the entire process. While it is believed many of the other couples haven't stayed together, there is still much hope for these two. In a clip obtained by Australian publication The Wash, Daniel and Carolina were seen holding hands, walking through Sydney Airport at the end of February. When probed on their attempt to stay in the show as a new couple, Caroline replied: "I don't know why we weren't worthy of a chance. "When clearly it has happened before in the past on other seasons." She has also shared some key clues which indicate their romance is still on the cards. DON'T MISS...Married at First Sight's Olivia and Jackson appear to confirm romance [CAST]MAFAS's Olivia fails to apologise over nude Domenica snaps [REACTION]Ella Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Ella Ding now? [EXPLAINER] Taking to Instagram, Caroline wrote a post that reads: "I want you to know that I would do it all again. I will choose you every time.” She also shared a cute picture of herself and Daniel kissing while they were on the reality series. Carolina simply wrote: “Tiptoeing to kiss my man #MAFS”. So it appears that despite the rocky start, Carolina and Daniel are still going strong. While the Australian version of the reality show is off screens for another year, Married at First Sight UK will be making a comeback. In January, E4 confirmed the good news that another series would be airing in 2022. This time around, it will be the longest season yet with a whopping 30 episodes. Married at First Sight Australia is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.