Amanda Holden, 51, has opened up on her plans to wear more daring outfits on this year’s Britain’s Got Talent. The judge revealed she intends to don more rubber after her risque pink number wowed fans. In the first episode of Britain’s Got Talent 22, Amanda wears a pink, tight-fitting latex midi dress, with puff shoulders and a square neckline. She judges the acts alongside Simon Cowell, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon. Speaking in a Q&A with Express.co.uk and other press, the mum-of-two revealed it was a rather sweaty affair. But that hasn’t put her off wearing the material in the future. “I am thinking - more rubber,” she explained. “I enjoyed wearing latex at the auditions, so I am thinking more latex, more sweating in the live [shows].” Her co-star Alesha responded: “You wear it well, babe!” Amanda’s outfits do tend to cause a stir on Britain’s Got Talent. In 2020, the last year that the ITV show aired, hundreds of viewers even took to Ofcom to complain that her gown was inappropriate. The stunning low-cut blue number featured a slit up the thigh and lots of glitter, but some angry fans claimed they could see her nipples. Ofcom confirmed there were 277 complaints about the show, with 235 of them relating to Amanda’s dress. Responding to a news story about the furore, Amanda insisted viewers were wrong. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp's best friend sobs in court over Amber Heard abuse case [TEARS] Stacey Solomon says 'boobs are on fire' as she's rushed to doctors [UPDATE] Adam Boulton erupts at ex-Sky News pal over Rwanda migrant comments [TWITTER] “Mmmm really?! Who has nipples this close to their cleavage ?!," she wrote, alongside a laughing emoji. "FYI. A boned corset dented the girls all night," she added, alongside egg emojis. Britain’s Got Talent returns this weekend after skipping a year due to the pandemic. Speaking about the decision to pull the show off-air, Amanda said: “Ultimately, the safety and health of everybody needed to come first. “I think having that natural rest for a year is the best thing that we could have done in hindsight,” she said. “The energy is back, the judges are back, the audience is back. “The acts that had two years to practice at home are now bubbling with excitement to be on stage. “It has been the perfect antidote for what has happened in the last two years,” she added.