The Duke of York, 62, is reportedly in the process of liquidating his company Tyrolese, which provided “business support services”. Its name is reportedly a reference to the Western Austrian state of Tyrol, a favoured skiing resort for the Royal Family. Last week, director Richard Parry, a lawyer with Farrer & Co, filed a voluntary application for the company, of which Andrew is the only person with significant control, to be struck off the Companies House register. In his column ‘Eden Confidential’ for the Daily Mail, diarist Richard Eden reports the prince’s former private secretary, Amanda Thirsk, served as the company’s president for ten years, from 2010 to 2020. At this time she retired in the wake of Prince Andrew’s infamous BBC Newsnight interview in 2019, which saw him step back from royal life. Other business ventures for the royal have also suffered in the past according to the report. Mr Eden revealed earlier this year that another of Andrew’s businesses, Urramoor Ltd, had plunged into £200,000 of debt. The company was an investment management firm, and the Duke was listed as having “significant influence or control over the trustees of a trust”. The name used by the Duke for this was HRH Andrew Inverness – which stems from his Earl of Inverness title. Another company under the control of Andrew is also facing closure. READ MORE: Queen 'distressed' by 'grotesque' Prince Andrew scandal The Duke set up the firm Lincelles, understood to be planned as a vehicle for his family investments, with former Coutts banker Harry Keogh in 2020. Mr Eden cites a source close to the Duke as saying his office was shutting down any companies that had nothing but red tape. The source claims: “The closure of Tyrolese was just a tidying up exercise. “His office were looking into what companies were being used and which weren’t, and closing down any that were just accruing admin.” It comes following news that he had reached an out of court settlement in his civil case brought against him by Virginia Giuffre. DON'T MISS Prince William said concerns about Land Rover 'red flag' before shoot [REVEAL] 'What were you thinking?' Cambridges' told to 'change' royal tours [INSIGHT] Queen set out brilliant strategy to minimise Prince Andrew settlement [REPORT] Although no specific total was specified it was speculated the sum stood around £12 million. Ms Giuffre claimed Andrew sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17, a minor under US law. Andrew has vehemently denied her allegations. After the payment was made, lawyers for both the Duke and Ms Giuffre filed a stipulation for the lawsuit to be dismissed with prejudice, meaning Ms Giuffre cannot refile the claim in the same district court in New York. The settlement effectively brought a close to the civil suit but it is not an admission of guilt. A statement released following the settlement said the Duke would make a "substantial donation to Ms Giuffre's charity in support of victims' rights". The statement added that Andrew "never intended to malign Ms Giuffre's character" and he recognised she had "suffered both as an established victim of abuse and as a result of unfair public attacks". The Duke also pledged to "demonstrate his regret for his association" with the late convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein by supporting the "fight against the evils of sex trafficking, and by supporting its victims". Representatives for Prince Andrew have been contacted by Express.co.uk