NCIS returned with a 19th season on CBS and Disney Plus and fans are used to seeing characters come and go. There have been many exits over the years, with some cast departing after long stints. Clayton Jarvis was a politician who was in the Navy - but why did he leave? Clayton Jarvis joined the cast of NCIS in season eight and he was a SECNAV, or Secretary of the Navy. His first appearance was in the episode Pyramid, with his final episode being Whiskey Tango Foxtrot. He featured in the series up until season 11, when he was killed in a hotel bombing. His death took place in Washington DC in the premiere episode. READ MORE: NCIS season 19: McGee set for heartwarming plot as child joins cast Jarvis was the first SECNAV in the entire series to be killed in the line of duty. His predecessors were all presumed to have retired or resigned. This is most likely why actor Matt Craven left the series, as his character's story arc came to a natural end. The 65-year-old actor featured in a total of 10 episodes of the drama. After his exit, he went on to star as a main character in Resurrection. His other credits since leaving include Sharp Objects, Unspeakable and Stumptown. The actor also went on to star in the film Awakening the Zodiac. He is a father of two and is married to Sally Sutton. DON'T MISS... NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah shares update on season 14 [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Why did Esai Morales leave NCIS as Louis Ochoa? [EXPLAINER] NCIS: Why did Maria Bello leave NCIS as Jack Sloane? [INSIGHT] During his time on Resurrection, he said his role as Fred Langston was something completely new. Speaking to assignmentx.com, he said: "I’ve never been a part of a show where the crew would get the scripts and read them immediately before us [the actors]. "Because they would get production drafts, and talk about it every single week. "I mean, I’ve never seen anything like it. And I’m talking about every crew member. So that’s an indication that you’re doing something right.” The star does not seem to have spoken out publicly about his exit from NCIS. Other fan-favourites have since followed suit, including Pauley Perrette as Abby Sciuto in 2018. Scottie Thompson left as Dr Jeanne Benoit in 2016, and Michael Weatherly as Tony DiNozzo in 2019. One of the biggest exits from the drama was Mark Harmon as Leroy Jethro Gibbs.  NCIS season 19 airs on Disney Plus in the UK on Wednesdays and CBS in the US on Mondays.