Kate and Prince William's recent tour of the Caribbean followed a "very traditional format" rather than acknowledge and address the specific issues of the three nations visited by the Duke and Duchess, according to royal author Omid Scobie. The co-author of the unofficial biography of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry Finding Freedom believes the first few days of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's tour lacked the sensitivity needed for a similar trip in nations that have been at the centre of the horrific slave trade and are reportedly considering the election of a head of state. In particular until their arrival in Jamaica, where Kate and William were greeted by activists demanding an apology and slavery reparations, the tour failed to deliver the "charm offensive" expected by the Cambridges, according to Mr Scobie. Referring to Kate and Prince William's meeting with Jamaica's Prime Minister Andrew Holness on March 23, when the politician appeared to put the Royal Family on notice regarding the country moving towards republicanism, Mr Scobie said: "Talk about an awkward moment." Appearing on the Newsweek's The Royal Report podcast, he continued: "There had already been talks for a couple of days leading up to that point that Jamaica was getting ready to pull the trigger on the first steps to moving towards a republic and I had conversations the day before with government sources. "But I was always under the impression it was going to happen once the couple left. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "So when we saw Prime Minister Holness actually addressing it to the couple's faces and to see their reaction as well it was a very bold move. "But I think it was something the people of Jamaica needed to see, because if anything there had been a few days of the couple perhaps not quite getting what was going on and someone in power needed to show that it is being heard. "And so for him that was a very important moment but of course it didn't reflect particularly well on the couple, because this was the charm offensive. "And so far it had been all offense and no charm and we were seeing the results of it." READ MORE: Kate and Prince William caught in 'discreet' public show of affection Following this meeting, Prince William delivered two important speeches - one during a reception in Jamaica and a second in The Bahamas - in which he acknowledged slavery and a republican push in the area. Speaking in Jamaica's capital city, the Duke of Cambridge branded slavery "abhorrent", adding it should have never happened. In his address, William did not apologise or mention slave reparations - a matter that would be for the UK Government to decide upon. A few days later, in Nassau, the Duke also stressed it's for the people in Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas to decide upon their future. He added: "But we have thoroughly enjoyed spending time with communities in all three countries, understanding more about the issues that matter most to them. "Catherine and I are committed to service. For us that's not telling people what to do. "It is about serving and supporting them in whatever way they think best, by using the platform we are lucky to have. "It is why tours such as this reaffirm our desire to serve the people of the Commonwealth and to listen to communities around the world." Mr Scobie also said the decision to stick to a more traditional format of royal tours may have had to do with the fact this trip was one of those carried out this year across the Commonwealth to mark the Platinum Jubilee. He said: "I think partly it has to do with the fact that this trip was to do with celebrating the Queen's Jubilee. "And so it was sort of arching back to times, I guess, when royals were celebrated equally around the world. "I think, in the process [it] completely forgot about being respectful or mindful of the political climates in each country or what each country is going through". Kate and Prince William's tour was marred with protests and requests by activists to issue slavery reparations and an apology to the descendants of the victims of the slave trade. Reports Jamaica and Belize were looking into the possibility to become republics in the future also started to circulate while the Duke and Duchess were still in the Caribbean. Moreover, the trip included a few PR misfires according to critics and some commentators, including pictures of the Duke and Duchess speaking to youngsters through a fence while they were on an engagement in a football field in Jamaica. But reporters on the ground and photos taken during the trip also show Kate and William being welcomed by adoring crowds during most of the engagements they attended, in particular in Jamaica and the Bahamas.