Britons have seen their energy bills increase by 54 percent (almost £700) since yesterday in the biggest rise in energy costs in living memory. The price hike has seen Britons rushing to get their meter readings submitted to show how much energy they have used ahead of the new price cap. The surge in costs means homeowners are now looking for ways to save money on their energy bills. Adam Pawson, head of digital at the UK’s leading window provider, Safestyle UK has shared how homeowners can save up to £155 a year by swapping out their windows for more energy efficient ones. Mr Pawson said it’s “never been more important” to keep on top of window maintenance. . Firstly, homeowners need to find out where any cold air is coming from. One way to do this is my holding a candle close to the edge of a window and moving it around the perimeter of the window. READ MORE: How to keep cut flowers fresh with just white vinegar and sugar When the candle flickers, there’s a draught. Alternatively, homeowners can use a smoke pen to detect draughts. Mr Pawson said: “If you live in an older house that lets a lot of the outside air in, then purchasing a smoke pen will help you detect which spots need the most attention. “If you follow the smoke trail and pay close attention to the floorboards, doors and windows, you’ll be able to easily identify the main source of draft.”  DON'T MISSWeeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds [INSIGHT]How to clean your patio without a pressure washer [UPDATE]Monty Don's three jobs for the weekend - including pruning hydrangeas [ANALYSIS] Unwanted cool air might be a sign that windows are not performing as well as they should be. A staggering 40 percent of a home’s energy escapes from their windows. Older windows tend to allow heat to escape which means homeowners will be using up more energy than the need to. Energy-efficient windows will make a home feel warmer and allow homeowners to save money on energy bills. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Mr Pawson added: “The amount of savings varies depending on property size but a typical, gas-heated semi-detached home could save between £120-£155 per year by choosing energy-efficient windows.” Triple glazing is more of an option now, however, the window expert said it’s “often not worth the buck for most homeowners”. “Much of the energy-saving benefit is actually made in the jump from single glazed windows to A-rated double glazing.” Chartered Surveyor at Richardson & Smith estate agents said triple glazing is “rarely worth it” unless you have a major, ongoing noise problem.    They said: “We rarely see triple glazing but when we do it is either from someone with an environmentally conscious design or from a property that has noise issues. “Unless you have a noise problem, the marginal benefits of moving from double glazing to triple glazing are rarely worth it. “However, the benefits of moving from single to double are palpable. “Nowadays you expect anything that isn’t a heritage property to have double glazing - houses without double glazing are instantly marked down.”