Gemma Atkinson, 37, has returned to "chaos" after her first family holiday in Tenerife with fiancé Gorka Marquez and daughter Mia, two. The actress was stuck in Manchester airport for hours amid severe delays. The soap actress explained how it took them two hours to get through security. She addressed her followers on Instagram and told them to “expect chaos". In the post, sent out to her 1.7 million followers, she shared an adorable clip of Mia playing as the family waited for their luggage. The update comes as airports have been struggling to deal with shortages in staff while flyers flood in as a result of the easing of Covid restrictions. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show She captioned the short clip, explaining that despite the slowness, the staff were great. "How we killed time waiting for luggage last night at Manchester airport….," she wrote. “The staff at the airport were brilliant with us, however they are extremely understaffed which made everything so much slower.” Gemma explained that they arrived four hours before the flight and it still took two hours to get through security. She said: “We arrived 4hrs before our flight and it took around 2hrs to get through security. “Our flight was delayed an hour as while we boarding, some ppl on our flight were still waiting to get through security. (sic) "Coming home we landed at 6.10 and it was 7.45 before the first baggage arrived. “Again, the staff who were there were brilliant and you could see how stressful it was for them also.” DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] Gemma added that she hopes the situation gets better for those intending to travel abroad. The star gave advice, saying people should leave extra early, giving plenty of time to avoid more delays. She also reminded people not to take out their frustrations on staff. Airport chiefs admitted this week that disruption may last for weeks due to staff shortages in time for the Easter holidays. At least 60 easyJet flights were cancelled throughout the UK. British Airways also announced the cancellation of 115 flights in and out of Heathrow. A Manchester Airport spokesman said earlier this week: "We understand the frustrations of customers and other interested parties, but want to assure all concerned that we are working as hard as we can to tackle this issue and have put a number of short-term measures in place while colleague applications are being processed. "This includes hiring temporary staff in the short-term and exploring ways in which existing employees can support the operation."