Former A Place In The Sun presenter Danni Menzies, 33, has reminisced about her six years on the show after quitting earlier this year. The Scot opened up about her departure in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, where she detailed “lots of tears” off-screen. Danni says her decision to exit the show came after Covid lockdowns gave her “lots of time to reflect on life”. She explained: “I had a really amazing time in the six years I did A Place In The Sun. “I met loads of fabulous people, there was lots of laughter, lots of tears, but when it came down to it, it just felt like the right time for me to make a change.” Despite her departure, Danni has promised fans that they won’t be seeing the back of her just yet. READ MORE:A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman reflects on bad weather She confessed: “I'm still in touch with most of the other presenters and I think, although I haven't signed a contract to film anymore, I have already had them call me to see if I can cover for someone when they weren't well with Covid. “So, although I'm done, I think I will be in touch with them and I will jump in and cover shows when needed in the future.” The property show has aired since 2000 and has seen countless heart-warming moments when couples find their dream home. In a separate interview with Express.co.uk, Danni recalled a particular deal that she found incredibly emotional. An episode that aired in October 2020 saw the host show Chris and Marie around properties on Spain’s Costa Del Sol. Marie had suffered a health scare so the couple wanted a relaxing retirement home close to a beach. When the deal was done, Chris broke down in tears while Marie screamed with excitement. Danni reminisced: “There's loads of [emotional moments] to be honest. When somebody's dream comes true. DON'T MISSCatherine Zeta-Jones posts pic of husband and kids in family reunion[PICTURES]Martin Kemp admits he and wife Shirlie have 'empty heart syndrome'[INSIGHT]Cillian Murphy quits London after kids develop 'posh English accents'[LATEST] “I had a couple called Chris and Marie on the show and it was such an emotional thing for them. "He broke down crying when [the deal] happened and so did she - it was really beautiful. “All those little moments where it's meant so much to people and we've managed to make it happen - they will stick with me forever." Danni also opened up about the struggles that come with the Channel 4 show. She said she had to act as a “therapist” for some prospective buyers because the house-hunting process became too stressful. Detailing her struggles, the Perthshire-born star admitted: “We've definitely had couples fall out and nearly break up. “You end up playing a presenter and therapist all at the same time! I've [also] had to sell a house on a hangover - that was quite tricky!" A Place in the Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm.