The Queen was seen on Monday morning travelling from Wood Farm, near her Norfolk retreat at Sandringham, to the stables close by. Her Majesty, 96, who celebrated her birthday on Thursday, has made the trip to see her equine companions on multiple occasions in the last few days as she gears up to head back to Windsor Castle.  Her Majesty donned a bright headscarf and statement lipstick to maintain her signature look as she was driven to the stables in a Range Rover. The Queen's birthday was marked with new photographs of the monarch, a lifelong horse lover, with two of her favourite horses. The photo of the Queen, stood between two striking white horses, was released by the Royal Family's official social media. Posted to their Instagram account, the photo, taken last month, bore the caption: "Ahead of The Queen’s 96th Birthday tomorrow, @royalwindsorhorseshow have released a new photograph of Her Majesty with two of her fell ponies, Bybeck Katie and Bybeck Nightingale. "Taken last month in the grounds of Windsor Castle, the photo is the fourth in a series of photos released by the Royal Windsor Horse Show, following images that celebrated the Golden Jubilee, the Platinum Jubilee and Her Majesty’s 90th Birthday. "First staged in 1943, The Queen has attended every single Royal Windsor Horse Show." The Queen is expected to return back to her permanent residence at Windsor after her stay at Wood Farm, the late Duke of Edinburgh's cottage. The monarch celebrated her birthday privately, but received an outpouring of well-wishes on social media. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry 'contributing to disinterest in Netflix'  A message from Clarence House read: "Wishing Her Majesty The Queen a particularly special 96th birthday today, as we celebrate her Platinum Jubilee year." The post was accompanied by a collection of images of the Queen with her eldest son and more recent pictures of the mother and heir with his wife, Camilla. A similar sentiment was echoed by Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, as they lauded Her Majesty as she marked both her birthday and her seventieth year on the throne. A personal tribute was published by the Queen's granddaughter, Princess Eugenie, who she called an "inspiration" and a source of "strength". DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William 'furious' at Meghan and Harry [LIVE]  Camilla 'quite prepared to put William in his place' to defend Charles [INSIGHT] Prince Harry skipping Prince Philip memorial 'worst of all' blows Duke [REPORT] She posted on Instagram: "Happy 96th Birthday Granny! "You have been such an inspiration to me and so many across the world. "Thank you for your support, love and strength." The Royal Family Instagram account shared an angelic photo of a two-year-old Queen, then Princess Elizabeth.  The caption read: "She was the eldest daughter of The Duke and Duchess of York and was never expected to become Queen. "Her life changed in 1936 when her uncle, King Edward VIII abdicated, her father became King George VI and the young Princess became the heir presumptive. "Following the sad death of her father in 1952, Princess Elizabeth became Queen Elizabeth II aged just 25, and this year is celebrating 70 years on the throne – a first in British history." 