The GB News presenter reshared a Channel 4 News clip of presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy hosting coverage of the 2019 general election between Boris Johnson and Sir Keir Starmer. The exit poll revealed the Conservative Party were set for a 368-seat win. Darren Grimes described it as the "greatest on air". Mr Guru-Murthy said: "Polling stations around the country are closing and we will any second be able to reveal the results of the exit poll which is based on asking people at those polling stations what they've done and hoping that they've told the pollsters the truth. "It will give us a real steer of what is expected to happen tonight. "It's 10pm, and the voting has ended in this sudden Christmas general election. Has Boris Johnson pulled it off and secured a majority?" As the audience booed the possibility, the presenter revealed Mr Johnson was predicted to receive a majority. READ MORE: PIP claim: Thousands missing out on DWP benefit of £627 a month  Mr Guru-Murthy continued: "That's what the exit poll is saying, Boris Johnson has gambled and won. "He has purged his party and still come out on top with a majority to force through his Brexit." It comes as the Government has said it will proceed with plans to privatise Channel 4, the broadcaster said in a statement. The channel is currently owned by the Government and receives its funding from advertising. A spokesperson for Channel 4 said it was "disappointed" with the decision, but would "continue to engage" with the Government on the process to "ensure that Channel 4 continues to play its unique part in Britain's creative ecology and national life". The statement said: "With over 60,000 submissions to the Government's public consultation, it is disappointing that today's announcement has been made without formally recognising the significant public interest concerns which have been raised. "Channel 4 has engaged in good faith with the Government throughout the consultation process, demonstrating how it can continue to commission much-loved programmes from the independent sector across the UK that represent and celebrate every aspect of British life as well as increase its contribution to society, while maintaining ownership by the public. "Recently, Channel 4 presented DCMS (the Department for Digital, Culture, Media & Sport) a real alternative to privatisation that would safeguard its future financial stability, allowing it to do significantly more for the British public, the creative industries and the economy, particularly outside London. DON'T MISS Carol Kirkwood shares bittersweet reaction to Dan Walker's BBC exit [INSIGHT]Dan Walker quits BBC Breakfast as he lands hosting role on Channel 5 [ANALYSIS]GB News star Stephen Dixon takes swipe at Sky News in ratings war [DATA] "This is particularly important given that the organisation is only two years into a significant commitment to drive up its impact in the UK's nations and regions." The statement continued: "Channel 4 remains legally committed to its unique public service remit. The focus for the organisation will be on how we can ensure we deliver the remit to both our viewers and the British creative economy across the whole of the UK. "The proposal to privatise Channel 4 will require a lengthy legislative process and political debate. We will of course continue to engage with DCMS, government and parliament, and do everything we can to ensure that Channel 4 continues to play its unique part in Britain's creative ecology and national life." The Government has been consulting on plans to privatise the broadcaster, which was founded in 1982 to deliver to under-served audiences, following concerns for its survival in the streaming era.