Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz are set to get married this weekend at Florida's Palm Beach. The ceremony with be a star-studded event and one of the main topics of discussion on Friday's Lorraine was about which celebrities have been invited. The couple's wedding is being covered by Vogue Magazine, and they have banned their guests from posting any pictures on social media. During the ITV show, Ranvir Singh discussed the wedding with celebrity editor Ross King. However, the conversation soon moved to the Royals and whether Prince Harry and Meghan were attending the wedding. Ross pointed out there were rumours the couple couldn't attend because of issues with travel. He explained Eva Longoria, the Spice Girls and Snoop Dog are among the celebs on the guest list. READ MORE: Jackson Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jackson Lonie now? However, when discussing whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were going to attend the wedding, Ranvir took a swipe at the royals. "Do you now think that Meghan and Harry will actually be at this wedding?" the host asked. "No," Ross laughed as he added: "I'll give you my short, sharp answer. "I don't think so, I will be very surprised. I think there was a possibility and I was told right up until the last minute, there was a possibility of Meghan being at the Oscars."  He continued: "I don't think they're going to be there. The latest was... there's a great rumour of having charter jet issues." He went on to add: "I'd be very, very surprised and with everything that's going on, I don't think so." "And it is a bit like when you're organising a wedding, do we invite my mum and dad's friends?" Ranvir chipped in. "Do we invite more of our friends? "They're not really friends of the couple getting married, they're friends of the parents, aren't they?" DON'T MISS...Vera's Kenny Doughty opens up on reuniting with teacher [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert 'scared' to replace Sara Martins [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun’s Danni Menzies shuts down fussy house hunters [NEWS] Ranvir went on to point out that David and Victoria Beckham went to Meghan and Harry's wedding. Discussing the star-studded guest list, Ross said Brooklyn and Nicola will get extra money from Vogue for the more celebrities that show up at their wedding. "I do wonder because there was a lot of hoo-hah about why Meghan and Harry didn't show up to Prince Philip's memorial service here," Ranvir added. "I do wonder in kind of PR terms, it's kind of a bad look for them a few weeks later to turn up to a celebrity wedding." Brooklyn and Nicola's wedding, which is being held on Saturday, is set to cost around £3million. Another person reportedly missing out on the ceremony is Brooklyn's godfather Elton John. The Your Song hitmaker is finishing his tour and is unable to travel back to the wedding. Other names attending their big day are Gordon Ramsay, Madonna's son Rocco Richie and former footballer Phil Neville. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.