ITV's Grace is an adaptation of international bestselling author Peter James' novels, which follow murder investigations on the south coast. John Simm is returning as DS Roy Grace but has been in many popular TV shows such as Doctor Who, The Lakes and Life on Mars. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star and who he is married to. John Simm was born on July 10, 1970, and is most known for being a TV actor in The Lakes, Life on Mars and, more famously, Doctor Who. Like many celebrities, John Simm likes to keep his personal life as private as he can, but when his wife also has a successful career, that can be hard to come by. John is married to Eastenders actress Kate Magowan with the pair getting married in April 2004 and now living in North London together. Kate was born June 1, 1975, in Harrow, England and graduated from the Actors Institute. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ She is also an actress, and her first TV role was a Helen Jensen in Dream Team in 1998. Kate has starred in many high profile projects, such as Sadie Young in Eastenders, between 2013 and 2014. She also appeared in the box office film Stardust in 2007 as Princess Una - the movie had huge success, making over $135 million. The actress has also starred in TV hits such as Spotless in 2015 and A Lonely Place to Die in 2011. John and Kate have two children together - Ryan, who was born in August 2001, followed by their daughter Molly in February 2007. He once admitted that his greatest fear is his children dying before him. Despite having successful careers separately, the pair have also starred alongside one another a number of times, including 24 Hour Party People, Is Harry On The Boat?, Devilwood, thriller Tuesday and BBC series Exile. The pair are still together and very much in love as Kate recently posted an image of the two of them on her Instagram page and captioned it: "22 Years My Valentine." DON'T MISS...Grace actor worried new cast member will change dynamics  [INSIGHT]Grace ITV: How many episodes are in Grace on ITV? [LATEST]Grace ITV location: Where is Grace filmed? Where is it set? [WATCH] The new series of Grace will be compiled of three two-hour long episodes, entitled Not Dead Enough, Dead Man’s Footsteps and Dead Tomorrow. ITV’s Head of Drama Polly Hill commented: "We are delighted to be adopting more of Peter James’ wonderful novels. "John Simm has brilliantly brought the much-loved Detective Superintendent Roy Grace to screen, and there are many more cases for the audiences to enjoy." Ahead of the new season airing, John gave more insight into what viewers can expect from the series. "Roy’s running all over the place. Over the rooftops of Brighton train station – and there’s a lot of fighting. "Every time I read a novel now, I think, ‘Oh, no, what’s he going to be doing, [but] we are working so closely with Peter James to bring the books to life. "Hopefully, fans will continue to be happy with what we've done." Grace airs on ITV from Sunday, April 24.