This man wanted to die in a hail of police bullets and thus, in his warped belief, secure himself a short cut to paradise. Had the State decided to take his life he would have been able to think of himself as a martyr, which is what he told police he wanted to be. Instead, at the age of 26, he is facing half a century or more of incarceration. His life will be lived between a cell, an exercise yard and prison landings. He will never again walk free in a park or in the countryside, watch the sea, take a holiday, go shopping or enjoy any of the normal activities of the free citizen. He has no prospect of marriage, children or a career. Daily, hourly, he will live out this punishment with no hope of an end but death itself. Anybody suspecting that a friend or relative is becoming radicalised should consider that terrible punishment and report the suspicion to the authorities, knowing that it is not only potential victims who will be saved but the radicalised person as well. Sadly, Ali was reported as a teenager but the follow-up was weak. Yet there were allegedly also later opportunities which were missed. Ali is clever, articulate, educated and well brought-up, but he is unlikely to deradicalise if he is shut up with other terrorists.Yet there is one group of people which really can have an effect: the hundreds of moderate imams in this country who should be shouting from the rooftops that such actions are not the will of Allah, that they do not offer a guarantee of paradise, and that deliberately creating widows and orphans is not the Muslim way. It was natural enough for Harry Meghan to visit his grandmother while in for the Invictus but I hope this is not a to this self-absorbed trying to hijack the Jubilee for their own publicity. That event is about the Queen, not them. Will they please speak a bit more loudly?  IF ever one needed a demonstration of the woke madness which now grips this country, it is the ludicrous uproar resulting in the resignation of the chairman of Enfield Southgate Conservatives, Colin Davis, whose crime was to have gone to a fancy-dress party 40 years ago in Second World War SS uniform. At that time 'Allo 'Allo was a major British comedy and fancy dress parties were popular. People did dress up as baddies and particularly as Herr Flick and the irony is that 40 years ago many of those howling with mirth at 'Allo 'Allo would have actually been involved in fighting the Nazis. In the 1970s I went to a fancy-dress event as Nell Gwyn. Does that mean I was promoting her morals? A friend went dressed as the Devil so was he promoting satanism? Both the Tory Party and Mr Davis should have laughed off this incident. Where the Hades has Britain's sense of proportion gone Amid all the concern for Ukrainian refugees, let us not forget the Afghan interpreters. It is reported that some of those who fled Afghanistan and were brought here for their own safety are still in hotels after eight months. At the last count this applied to some 11,500 refugees whose lives are on hold while they wait for stable settlement. That is scandalous in human terms and vividly illustrates the problems of settling perfectly lawful and welcome immigrants in proper homes. Perhaps the Archbishop of Canterbury, who decries the Government's efforts to stem the flow of channel crossings and people trafficking as "ungodly" could tell us where all the illegal ones are going to be put?  Staff in the House of Lords have been told to stop using terms such as "ladies and gentlemen". Instead, they should say "folks". "Ladies and gentlemen" is a polite form of address and sounds respectful. "Folks", by contrast, is familiar and matey. That however is not the real objection to this nonsense but rather the amount of time and money spent in disseminating such rot, disguised as "promoting inclusivity". Everybody knows that "man" does not refer exclusively to the male sex but to the human (huperson?) race.Yet now it is suggested that phrases such as "man-made" or "manpower" are somehow offensive. Are there really not more serious things to think about or to get upset about? For goodness' sake, man up! More than 20 years ago, when I was Shadow Home Secretary, I proposed detaining all new asylum seekers while we processed their claims, as a deterrent to those who believe that once you arrive in Britain there is minimal likelihood of being removed, regardless of the validity of the claim. My successor, Oliver Letwin, suggested that instead we should process all claims offshore and pay other countries to do it. Now Priti Patel, is committed to doing just that. What took them so long? Lancashire County Council is insisting that town and parish authorities test all their lampposts in case they are unable to take the strain of bunting at the Jubilee! No, that is not a belated April Fool. As the cost for inspecting each lamppost is £55, some councils are deciding to dispense with decorations. Killjoys! I predict an outbreak of home-made bunting appearing overnight when the time comes. It was natural enough for Harry and Meghan to visit his grandmother while in Europe for the Invictus games but I hope this is not prelude to this self-absorbed pair's trying to hijack the Jubilee for their own publicity. That event is about the Queen, not them. 