Christian Bale, 48, is known for his versatility as he goes for his Hollywood roles, giving him an "intense" persona. Thomas Lennon, 51, has recalled meeting Christian and said the actor is nothing like you would expect. Thomas has starred in a selection of films with the infamous actor including 2015's Knight of Cups as well as The Dark Knight (2008) and The Dark Knight Rises (2012). Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Thomas revealed: "I was very worried to meet Christian Bale as I was told he was very intense sometimes. "But you would not meet a funnier person. So, really I wish I could tell you I had horror stories. "The horror stories are most self-inflicted because we’re in the movie business. READ MORE: Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit He continued: "You tend to be surprised by the kindness of the people that stick around, and they stick around for a reason." In the Terrence Malick film, Thomas plays a friend of Christian's as they walk around a Hollywood party. At the time, Thomas told Business Insider that he had actually never watched a Malik film. He said: "I got a call from my agent and he said, ‘Do you know Terrence Malick?’ "And I decided I would try to be a smarty-pants and I said, ‘Of course,’ but I had never seen any of his films." Thomas then agreed to the role without being given any details about who he was playing or what the film was about. As well as being a successful actor, Thomas is also a very accomplished screenwriter with his partner Robert Ben Garant. They wrote the Night at the Museum films, The Pacifier, Bulls of Fury and Baywatch. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [INSIGHT] Carol Kirkwood thanks BBC Breakfast viewer after ITV weather swipe [BBC] Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts in 'emotional' hospital update [HEALTH] He is currently promoting the new series of Reno 911! where he plays Lieutenant Jim Dangle. The show is a parody of US law enforcement shows, with comical actors playing the role of police officers. Speaking about the series, Thomas said: "I think with the show we’ve gotten to a place where we just don’t have to operate in a place of fear anymore. "Like the new Roku channel episodes, some people might get shocked by things but because we have sort of constantly grown the show, we don’t ask for feedback. "I think we take on things that no other show has accomplished or even other comedy shows." The latest series features Jamie Lee Curtis who texted Thomas to ask to be on the show. Speaking to Express.co.uk about Jamie's time on set, he said: "Occasionally someone will come in and we truly don’t script at all, which is rare but we did do it in the Jamie Lee Curtis episode, which really had no script whatsoever. "All she genuinely did was pick an outfit then she came in and started talking." Season two, titled “Reno 911! Defunded”, will debut with eleven 30 minute episodes, featuring special guests including Jamie Lee Curtis, Weird Al Yankovic and George Lopez. With crime on the rise, the original cast members, Thomas Lennon, Robert Ben Garant and Kerri Kenny-Silver, will be back solving felonies on your screens. You can watch the series on The Roku Channel.