Actor Alec Baldwin's comments were revealed after the Santa Fe Sheriff's Office decided to release all video footage relating to their investigations and make it publicly available. Halyna, 42, was killed last year after a prop gun believed not to have been loaded was accidentally fired, leading to tragic consequences. The distraught actor claimed in the video that he had no idea or expectation that the gun could have been loaded. He explained he had thought he would be handed "a cold gun with no rounds inside, or dummy rounds – cosmetic rounds – no flash". Footage has also been released depicting the star practising shooting with the gun as part of his role on the film Rust. "I’ve shot enough guns in my day on movies and I’ve never seen this before," he exclaimed during interviews with officials. READ NOW: Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip Alec made reference to two others who'd been killed in similar circumstances on film sets - Jon-Erik Hexum and Brandon Lee - and questioned whether a piece of material lodged inside the gun could have been what led to injury. The footage from the investigation shows that Alec identified himself to law enforcement immediately when they arrived, stating: "I’m the person that had the gun in the scene." He later recalled: "I take the gun out slowly, I turn, I cock the pistol – bang – it goes off, she hits the ground, she goes down." Director Joel Souza was also injured after the bullet that killed his colleague ricocheted off him with a sickening bang. He told officers that the impact of the bullet was equivalent to being "kicked in the shoulder". After stumbling, he then witnessed blood seeping out around him. "I was down on my a** and I look over and see the cinematographer Halyna Hutchins with blood coming out of her back," he reported. "There was a bang that was louder than I ever heard come from a blank before." DON'T MISS... Peter Kay says he’s doing ‘great’ as he makes rare public appearance [INSIGHT] Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore [DEBATE] Gogglebox’s Malone family pulled aside at airport security after gaffe [LATEST] The sheriff's office also released video footage of paramedics at the scene desperately trying to revive Halyna, to no avail. However Sheriff Adan Mendoza said that FBI forensics on the firearm and bullet are yet to be released. There has also been no public release addressing Alec's phone records, despite earlier claims that police had been trying to obtain them. Rust Movie Productions has been fined £104,810 after investigators concluded in a report that the production company "knew firearm safety procedures were not being followed on set". The report stated that "plain indifference to employee safety" had been demonstrated too. The fine, which followed six months of intense investigation, is the highest amount possible according to New Mexico's state law. Alec's lawyers took the opportunity to release a statement of their own claiming that the findings "exonerated" him of any wrongdoing. They claimed the report showed he had "no authority over the matters that were the subject of the bureau’s findings of violations". They added: "We are confident that the individuals identified in the report will be held accountable for this tragedy." Alec's future is still looking uncertain as he also has to face lawsuits raised by Halyna's family, as well as the script supervisor on the set, Mamie Mitchell, and the head of lighting, Serge Svetnoy.