Today marks St George’s Day, the annual celebration of the life of Saint George, believed to have died around AD 303. England’s patron saint became an early Christian martyr as he was tortured and executed in Palestine. While his day — observed on April 23 each year — is not a bank holiday, it is still a day for celebration for many people in England. Saint George is strongly associated with England’s national flag, the St George’s Cross, which forms part of Britain’s Union Jack. The by-election was won by UKIP candidate Mark Reckless, who had defected to the party from the Conservatives. The MP’s resignation and subsequent apology came after she was accused of sneering at working-class voters by highlighting the house. Mr Miliband, the Labour leader at the time, summed up some of the anger over Ms Thornberry’s tweet, saying it “conveyed a sense of disrespect”. He told reporters at the time: “I was angry because I thought her tweet gave a misleading impression, when she photographed the house in which the family lived, that somehow Labour had the wrong view of that family.” The resident of the property sporting the flags, Dan Ware, branded Ms Thornberry a “snob”. He wrote: “The Union Jack and the St George cross have been tainted by association with the far right. “Nobody seems surprised any more to see some bull-headed idiot draped in the flag and performing a Nazi salute. Which is a quite remarkable state of affairs.” Nick Tyrone, the director of CentreForum, also addressed controversy surrounding the flag in an essay for the Spectator last year. He claimed some Labour activists are now more comfortable flying the colours of Palestine to show solidarity with the country’s occupation by Israel, rather than the St George’s flag. The writer was responding to reports that under its new leader Sir Keir Starmer, Labour was set to make “use of the flag” in its imaging in a bid to woo voters. He wrote: “If this dislike of the Union flag was just about internationalism, the rejection of the symbols of the nation state, this would still be a huge problem for Labour – yet it is even worse than that. “If you’re a Labour activist, ask yourself why you’re happy with seeing the Palestinian flag waved at Labour conference but think the leader of your party standing in front of his and your own country’s flag is unacceptable.”