Ajax will not stand in Antony’s way if Manchester United offer ‘in excess of £50million’ according to reports from the Netherlands. The Red Devils have been linked with a move for the Brazilian winger who has enjoyed another stunning season with the Amsterdam giants. The Brazilian right winger has contributed 12 goals and 10 assists in just 33 appearances for Erik ten Hag’s side in all competitions. Antony was signed as a replacement for Hakim Ziyech, after the Moroccan winger moved to Chelsea in a deal worth £33.3m in the summer of 2020. The 22-year-old arrived from Brazilian giants Sao Paulo in a deal believed to have been around £15m, soon after Ziyech made his way to Stamford Bridge. While he was initially touted as a prospect for the future. Antony has grown from strength to strength, regularly contributing goals and even earning an international call-up to Brazil. He has since become one of the most exciting young players in European football, attracting the purported interest of the likes of Liverpool, Chelsea, and Manchester City, as well as United. But with Ten Hag set to replace Ralf Rangnick, Antony could potentially follow him to Old Trafford. MUST READ: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims Reports from the Sun claim Ajax would allow him to depart the club if they are offered a fee in excess of £50m. “If it’s right for the club and they get a good fee, then it won’t be a problem for Ten Hag to go back to Ajax for players,” a source from Ajax reportedly said to the Sun. “He is a massive fan of Antony, who he has nurtured, and is smart enough to realise if he goes to Qatar and helps Brazil win the World Cup then his price will go through the roof as a world champion. He is similar in style to Everton’s Richarlison. READ MOREMan Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claimsMan City goalkeeper Scott Carson 'offers out' Sime Vrsaljko in new Atletico tunnel clipAjax boss Erik ten Hag responds after being congratulated over Man Utd job “Antony is a similar type of player who would create and score goals for Manchester United.” A humongous overhaul of players is anticipated at the Theatre of Dreams this season. A huge exodus of players is expected to take place on the red side of Manchester, whether it is because players are coming to the end of their contracts or have simply ran their race at Old Trafford. And Rangnick said the club will be targeting younger players searching for the next logical career step, rather than so-called ‘big names’. "It's obvious that something needs to be changed, something needs to be rebuilt in the summer," Rangnick said to Sky Sports. "The team could do with some more highly-talented, hungry players who really want to develop their own careers. "I don't think it should be that much about signing big names. I wouldn't mind big names! But for me it's important about being competitive, hungry, seeing a move to a club - and I have always believed this - not only as a big contract, a big-name club, but the next logical step in his career.”