The Prime Minister, speaking during a visit to a hospital in Welwyn Garden City, touched further upon a subject that has gained weight in Parliament in recent weeks amid fierce debate over the UK's approach to conversion therapy. He said: "I don't think that biological men should be competing in female sporting events." A new Express.co.uk poll, which asked readers "Do you think biological males should be banned from female sports?", has shown 99 percent of this website's readership agrees with Mr Johnson, who, though aware his stance is "controversial", insisted "it just seems to me to be sensible". Conducted between 3pm and 7pm on Thursday, April 6, it saw 6,662 people expressing their thoughts on the matter. The Prime Minister added: "I also happen to think that women should have spaces — whether it's in hospitals, prison or changing rooms — which are dedicated to women. That's as far as my thinking has developed on this issue." When asked whether biological women should be guaranteed safe spaces in hospitals and prisons, 91 percent of Express.co.uk readers said yes, while only five percent said no. Three percent — some 206 people — said they don't know. His remarks came after No10 last week said it had made changes to the plans to ban conversion therapy, which according to NHS England tries to change someone's sexual orientation or gender identity. The Government had promised to fully ban the therapy but, in a U-turn that sparked intense discussions with the Opposition and a row among Conservatives, claimed it will prohibit it for gay or bisexual people in England and Wales though not for transgender people. Despite some Tories pressing for a reversal of the decision, Mr Johnson on Wednesday appeared to confirm the conclusion reached last week was final. He said: "We will have a ban on gay conversion therapy, which to me is utterly abhorrent. "But there are complexities and sensitivities when you move from the area of sexuality to the question of gender. "There, I'm afraid, there are things that I think still need to be worked out." The announcement was met with anger by human rights groups, with more than 100 organisations pulling out of the UK's first-ever global LGBTQ+ event, the three-day Safe To Be Me conference arranged by the Government, which was subsequently cancelled. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Safe To Be Me was due to be held in June to coincide with the 50th anniversary of the first-ever London Pride marches. It was regarded by many in Westminster as a way for the Government Equalities Office — the part of the Government that oversees LGBTQ+ equality — to "double down" on its commitment to LGBTQ+ rights. In yet another sign of disagreement within the Conservative party, the Government's LGBTQ+ business champion, Iain Anderson, resigned on Tuesday. Mr Anderson, who had been appointed to focus on workplace equality for LGBTQ+ people, said he had "no choice" but to tender his resignation with a "heavy heart". Express.co.uk readers were also asked if children under 16 should be banned from having gender-changing surgery. In alignment with the Prime Minister, the majority — 98 percent — said they should be banned, while just two percent either weren't sure or said they should not. Mr Johnson said: "I don't think that it's reasonable for kids to be deemed so-called Gillick-competent to take decisions about their gender or irreversible treatments that they may have. "I think there should be parental involvement at the very least." Gillick competency is a medical term used to determine whether a child aged 16 and under is able to consent to their own medical treatment without parental consent.