Tyson Fury, 33, has been married to his wife Paris Fury since the couple tied the knot in 2008. The self-proclaimed Gypsy King is currently gearing up for his heavyweight boxing bout with Dillian Whyte on Saturday night. The two Britons will fight in front of 94,000 fans with Tyson making a second defence of the title he won against Deontay Wilder in February 2020. The sports star opened up in an interview in 2015 and shared "everything that's bad I do or have done" but did say that he regretted "the filth" of bedding so many women. The boxing champion added that he also regretted having sex before marriage. Tyson claimed that he bedded 500 women during his life but "lost count". READ MORE: Gordon Ramsay in furious row with critic Jay Rayner - 'Get a real job' He said: “I’m a liar, a cheater, a proud, vain person. Everything that’s bad I do or have done. We all make mistakes, don’t we? "The only thing I ever regret in life is having sex before marriage." He went on: "If I could erase that then my life would be practically perfect. I regret all the filth that you do with people. "I must have had sex with over 500 women, more, I don’t know, I’ve lost count."  "I look at that now as pure disgusting. I’m not a religious person, but I like to help people and do good things. I’m stopping all the bad stuff," he added to Boxing News Online. "I’ve packed in the drinking and going out. I can get up now, go and take the kids somewhere on a Saturday morning rather than being in bed till 12 o’clock.” Tyson and his wife Paris have been married for over ten years and the couple first met decades ago when the sports star was an unknown up and coming boxer. The two tied the knot in 2008 in Doncaster, South Yorkshire. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood thanks BBC Breakfast viewer after ITV weather swipe[LATEST]Naga Munchetty inundated with support after BBC Breakfast absence[TV]Andrea McLean talks 'needing more money' before moving out of home[EXCLUSIVE] Paris has made guest appearances on ITV's Loose Women as well as starring in her family’s ITV documentary, Tyson Fury: The Gypsy King. During an episode of the documentary, Tyson reflected on his relationship with Paris - and gave some insight into what his wife means to him. He said: “We were bestest best friends in the whole wide world and then we ended up marrying each other. “When I was in hospital, she was there. When I was ill, she was there and I owe her everything. “I owe her my life and say anything should happen [to me], I’d just give everything to Paris. Without Paris and these kids in my life then my life ain’t worth having anyway.” Tyson and Paris have continued to expand their family and are parents to six children. The couple share daughters Venezuela, 11, and four-year-old Valencia Amber, three sons who are all called Prince and the newest edition to the Fury family, Athena - who was born in August last year. Meanwhile, the winner of Saturday's boxing bout between Tyson and Dillian could then face Anthony Joshua or Oleksandr Usyk for an undisputed clash later this year. 