Manchester United interim manager has emerged as a surprise target for the Austria national team. The European giants are on the lookout for a new manager after previous boss Franco Foda recently resigned. Foda recently handed in his resignation after Austria failed to qualify for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. Das Team failed to qualify out of a Group F group also containing Denmark, Scotland, Isreal, the Faroa Islands, and Moldova. They could only muster a poor fourth position finish, meaning they were not even afforded an opportunity to qualify via the play-offs. With no World Cup on the horizon, Austria are turning their attention to the UEFA Nations League. Their campaign begins on the 3rd of June where they will kick off their campaign with a difficult away match against Croatia. And according to Austrian outlet Kurier, Rangnick could be the man in the Austria dugout for the international competition. READ MORE: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic Sports director Peter Schottel has reportedly been seen catching a flight from Vienna to Manchester in recent days. It has been assumed that his trip to the North of England is with the intention of opening negotiations with the current United boss. Rangnick’s current understanding is that he will depart the Red Devils’ dug-out at the end of the season to take up a consultancy role in the United boardroom. While there are still question marks as to what his contribution will look like, reports from the Daily Mail understand he is only expected to work six days a month at the Red Devils. DON'T MISSTen Hag's first Man Utd target suggests Neville's criticism was correct [COMMENT]Simon Jordan tells Man Utd chiefs to ignore Neville over next manager [QUOTES]Man City performed 'chess move' by tricking Man Utd into signing Ronaldo [OPINION] Moreover, his current agreement with the Reds is only expected to keep him at Old Trafford for two more seasons. While Rangnick has only managed to guide United to seventh position, he has a huge reputation in Austria. He has enjoyed two spells as sporting director at Austrian giants Red Bull Salzburg which has seen him lay the foundations to their current playing style and impressive youth academy system. Rangnick was instrumental in the club’s signing and development of Borussia Dortmund hitman Erling Haaland, and many other top talents to emerge from the Austrian Bundesliga side. However, there is still time for him to turn United’s fortunes around this season. While the club are currently languishing in seventh position, Crystal Palace’s shock 3-0 home victory over Arsenal has kept their hopes of Champions League qualification alive. Mikel Arteta’s side would have surged three points clear of the Red Devils had they overcame Patrick Vieira’s impressive Eagles. Rangnick still has an opportunity to ensure the next permanent United boss, who is expected to either be Ajax manager Erik Ten Hag or Paris Saint-Germain manager Mauricio Pochettino, can compete in next season’s Champions League.