Manchester United have enquired about a 'young Premier League striker' ahead of Erik ten Hag's first summer transfer window as manager. But the club could deny Ten Hag a reunion with players he's fond of from Ajax after growing 'wary' of the unproven quality in the Netherlands. According to the Manchester Evening News, United will progress with negotiations for summer transfer targets after confirming the Ajax boss as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's permanent successor. And director of football negotiations Matt Judge has approached an English top-flight club in the search for a young striker. There has been no previous suggestion that United are pursuing a goalscorer from the Premier League, with most links aiming at Benfica star Darwin Nunez. But the Red Devils could pursue a striker proven in the competition, with Chelsea's Armando Broja, Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Brentford's Ivan Toney all potential options. Ten Hag is set to be 'sufficiently supported' this summer in response to the increasingly-likely outcome that the club miss out on Champions League football. However, he might not be able to bring any Ajax or other Dutch Eredivisie players with him to Old Trafford. JUST IN: Hamilton confirms he wants to buy Chelsea, clears up Arsenal claim The report claims United are 'wary' about signing players from the league after the unsuccessful captures of PSV Eindhoven's Memphis Depay and Ajax's Donny van de Beek. Although Ten Hag's arrival has provided the latter with a lifeline following a torrid 18-month spell under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. United have been linked with Ajax centre-back Jurrien Timber and right-winger Antony in line with their current manager's switch to Manchester. But the club's stance could force Ten Hag to settle for targets from elsewhere, with interest in Villarreal defender Pau Torres reignited. DON'T MISS: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp wary of Man Utd 'strike back' with Ten Hag Agents are understood to have also offered United 'left-field' alternatives if they can't acquire their first-choice centre-back targets. The Red Devils could potentially suffer in attempts to entice players to join the dawn of Ten Hag's rebuild if they miss out on a top-four finish this season. United seem to mean business when it comes to providing Ten Hag with the tools he'll require to make his tenure at Old Trafford a success. The club have started putting transfer plans into action with five games of the campaign remaining and will hope to feel well-prepared for his arrival on July 1. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.