Premium Bonds are a popular savings account used by millions of Britons, which is managed by National Savings and Investment (NS&I). Every month, Premium Bonds holders are given the opportunity to win up to £1million with May’s winner to be revealed next week. Unlike other savings products, there is no guaranteed return on the money saved into Premium Bonds. Instead of this, bond holders are automatically enrolled into a monthly draw in which they have the opportunity to win a tax-free cash prize. As it stands, the average Premium Bonds holder has a 34,500 to one chance of winning the top prize. These prizes range from £1million to £25, however only two people win the £1million jackpot every month. Other cash prizes which are up for grabs every month include £100,000, £50,000 and £10,000. READ MORE: State pension mapped: The areas where you could retire for less  All prize winners are chosen at random by Electronic Random Number Indicator Equipment, otherwise known as Ernie. How much someone has in bond numbers is dependent on how much they have invested into Premium Bonds. This means that the more money someone invests, the more their chances of winning the £1million prize will improve. When it comes to the savings product, the maximum that can be held in a premium bond is £50,000.  Usually, savers who have a holding of the maximum, or close to the maximum, have a better chance to win big. This was the case with last month’s Premium Bonds prize draw, with both £1million winners either having the maximum or close enough to it. April’s first winner has the bond number 117XT770430 and came from Hereford & Worcester. This person holds £50,000 in Premium Bonds and purchased the winning Bond in October 2006. Meanwhile, the second jackpot winner has the bond number 112WT615892 and came from West Sussex. This winner held £49,995 in Premium Bonds and purchased their winning Bond in July 2006. At the time, Jill Waters, NS&I Retail Director, said: “Congratulations to our Premium Bonds jackpot winners from Hereford & Worcester and West Sussex. “Good things really do come to those who wait, as both of our winners bought their Bonds over 15 years ago, and have now won the £1million Premium Bonds jackpot. “You can start sowing a regular savings habit this spring by investing in Premium Bonds from just £25. Customers can invest via bank transfer or they can set up a regular standing order.” On top of this lottery, Premium Bonds is regarded as a safe savings opportunity as it is backed by HM Treasury. This means that savers can be at ease at depositing large amounts of cash into their account, if they so wish, as NS&I everything invested with them is 100 percent secure. On top of this, as money is not locked into Premium Bonds, NS&I allows savers to access their funds at any time.