Washing machines are one of the most heavily used appliances in the home. According to findings by The Energy Savings Trust, it's estimated that “wet” appliances such as washing machines and dishwashers account for nearly 10 percent of a typical household’s energy bills. There are a number of factors that determine how much your washing machine is costing you, including the energy efficiency rating of your appliance, how long the wash is and the temperature it is running on. The best way to get a rough estimate is by looking at the national average price per pence/kWh of electricity is. According to NimbleFins: “According to the latest Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy data, average UK electricity prices per kwh were 18.9 p/kWh for 2021, but will be closer to 28 p/kWh for 2022 based on the new, higher energy price caps—and location matters, with electricity prices ranging from 25.8 p/kWh in the North East to 28.2 p/kWh in Merseyside and North Wales and London.” We have rounded up to 30 for the purposes of the below examples. READ MORE: Monty Don: ‘Biggest mistake’ houseplant owners make is overwatering For example, if a D-rated 9kg washing machine uses 0.76 kWh per cycle on average, each cycle will cost roughly 23p on average. Over a year of 270 cycles, that’s a cost of £62.10. A more efficient A-rated 9kg washing machine uses 0.49 kWh per cycle, meaning that it’ll cost around 15p a cycle. Over a year of 270 washes, this amounts to £40.50. DON'T MISS Energy: Use a hob to cook and wash clothing at a cooler temperature [INSIGHT]Is it cheaper to boil water in a microwave? [EXPLAINER]Princess Anne's £750k home has 'decor of a 100-year-old' - see inside [REVEALED] However, there are a number of ways to drop this figure even more. According to a study by which?, washing at a lower temperature could slash your spending in half. The research showed that switching from a 40C wash to a 20C wash saved 62 percent of the energy consumed. Another way to save money on your bills is by making sure to only do full loads of washing. Two half-full loads of laundry will use far more than one full washing machine cycle. If, for whatever reason, you need to do a smaller load, make sure to choose the correct setting if your machine has one. Some machines also offer the option of a shorter cycle, which can cut the cost in half. With that said, you should also be sure not to overload the drum. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Overloading can cause damage and prevent water and detergent from circulating properly. You should try to leave around a hand's width at the top of the drum. Once a month, clean your washing machine filter and run on "service wash" without any clothes to get rid of any bacteria. One way to cut costs is by hand soaking stains off before popping your clothes into the drum. This means you won't have to rely on a longer or hotter wash to break down stubborn stains.