Abdur Rouf and Azibun Nessa's moving statement was read out after harrowing CCTV of their daughter's murder was played to the Old Bailey. A security camera captured Koci Selamaj's random attack on the primary school teacher as she walked through a park to meet a friend.  Wielding a red, luminous emergency triangle, the pizza delivery driver struck Sabina, 28, over the head with 34 vicious blows. Selamaj, 36, battered the young woman with such ferocity his weapon shattered into several pieces. As Sabina lay unconscious, Selamaj carried her up a slope to long grass, out of sight of the camera. During the next 10 minutes he strangled her, said Alison Morgan, QC, prosecuting. He also stripped her of tights and underpants, and pushed up her top clothing. There was no definite evidence of sex assault but the court was told the murder had a sexual motive. Selamaj, who is Albanian, killed Sabina as she walked through Cator Park, Kidbrooke, south-east London, around 8.30pm on September 17. The popular teacher normally avoided the park at night but took the short cut so as not be late. Selamaj stayed away from court for yesterday's sentencing hearing. He admitted murder last month.  In their impact statement, Sabina's parents said: "You had no right to take her away from us in such a cruel way. "How could you do such a thing to an innocent girl walking by, minding her own business. You are not a human being, you are an animal." In court, Sabina's sister Jabina branded Selamaj a coward by failing to attend the Old Bailey. She said her sister was an "amazing role model" who was "powerful, fearless, bright and just an amazing soul". Ms Nessa said she was haunted by images of her sister's last moments. Sabina's relatives left the court while footage of the attack was shown.  Head teacher Lisa Williams described the "devastating" impact on Ms Nessa's school. She said her class of 30 "will never be able to comprehend why someone murdered their teacher and the world in which they live is not safe for them to play in a park". Apart from a likely sexual motive, Sabina's family and friends have no idea why Selamaj carried out the attack. Mr Justice Sweeney will sentence him today. Selamaj had never been to Kidbrooke before driving from his home in Eastbourne, East Sussex. He refused to comment in police interviews but when he was charged, the Albanian national said: "What will happen if I open up now and say everything?" Lewis Power, QC, defending, said Selamaj "does not challenge any of the prosecution's case. "We would all like to know why he did it.There is simply no answer." 