Mohamed Salah’s return to goalscoring form has likely put the ball back into his court as Liverpool and Jurgen Klopp continue to agonise over his current deal. His magnificent brace in the 4-0 demolition of Manchester United has not only came at the perfect time for the Reds’ Premier League title charge, but it has also taken some of the attention of the Egyptian's seemingly never-ending contract negotiations. Five games without a goal would have only prompted Liverpool to toil over the 29-year-old's future even more than they are already doing so. Months of talks are yet to yield a significant breakthrough between the Merseysiders and the former Chelsea ace. His contract expires in the summer of 2023 and if he or the club decide to not extend his stay at Anfield, then Liverpool’s only real opportunity of cashing in on the Egyptian will be this summer. However, the way in which Salah and Sadio Mane carved through the United defence for Liverpool’s second goal was so truly remarkable, that such a possibility must not enter the foray of their minds. Mane, another player who could depart for nothing in the summer of 2023, also looks to be thriving in the Reds set-up ever since he was repackaged as a more central striker. If anybody wanted to gain a firm understanding of how much Klopp needs Salah and Mane to remain at the club, then one quick glance at his reaction to Salah’s initial arrival on Merseyside is all you need.  READ MORE: Liverpool transfer boost as RB Salzburg sign Karim Adeyemi replacement "His pace is incredible, he gives us more attacking threat and we are already strong in this area. I like that we will make it even more competitive,” Klopp said after the Reds bought Salah from Roma for £34m. "Most important though, for us, is that he is hungry, willing and eager to be even better and improve further. He believes in what we are trying to do here at Liverpool and is extremely keen to be part of it. “He is very excited about performing for our wonderful supporters. He is an ambitious player who wants to win and win at the highest level; he knows he can fulfil those ambitions with Liverpool. DON'T MISS: Liverpool could be about to pocket £10m because of Fulham's promotion (TRANSFERS)Borussia Dortmund hatch Jude Bellingham plan and set new asking price (NEWS)Carvalho breaks silence on Liverpool as Fulham secure Premier League (INSIGHT) "I welcome him and his family into our Liverpool family." The German’s emphasis on the competition in his frontline has never been more pertinent. Most Premier League teams would be delighted with a frontline of Diogo Jota, Roberto Firmino, and Takumi Minamino, but Klopp can afford to allow all three to remain on the bench. Mane’s recent deployment as a more central striker in-between Salah and Luis Diaz has proved to be devastating. As well as giving United another torrid time, it was this re-shuffle which saw Mane pounce so devastatingly on City substitute goalkeeper Zack Steffen in the FA Cup semi-final. Pep Guardiola’s side may have their noses ahead in the Premier League, but many believe Klopp’s strength in depth may well have overtaken the Citizens. It is this accumulation of talent and improvement of stars already within his ranks that has enabled the Reds to have a realistic chance of an unprecedented Quadruple Surely Klopp and Liverpool can afford to let their two most devastating talisman depart the club within the next 18 months.