A Lake District Farm Shop made its debut on Channel 4 in July 2021, giving viewers an insight into the local farmers, food producers and crafters who have been celebrated by their customers. The documentary released four episodes in the summer before returning for a Christmas special at the end of the year. Having been renewed for a second series, workers at the farm shop are back to welcome more customers through its doors. The celebrated farm shop in the Channel 4 documentary is at the Tebay Service Station on the M6 motorway, near Penrith. The services' doors were originally opened by John and Barbara Dunning in 1972 after the motorway was built through their farm. According to its website: "They [John and Barbara] invited the world to this once-remote stretch of Westmorland to eat a good meal, enjoy a heartfelt welcome and relish the upland landscape. "Their vision is the foundation of everything we do," the description concludes. READ MORE: The Kardashians fans brand reboot 'weird' as they return without Rob Tebay Services was the first and is still part of the only family-run motorway services in the UK. Today, it has become famous for its locally-sourced produce which keeps customers coming back with 4.5 million visitors a year. Taking over from her parents' work is Sarah Dunning, the chairwoman of Tebay Services. She said: “It is the people behind the produce and our enduring relationships with our makers that gives our business heart. "Local produce, local landscapes and communities have been at the very heart of Tebay Services, and it’s a great pleasure to share these stories.” Since airing last year, the farmers and businesses who run their operations through the services have been enjoying the success of the show. One cast member featured in the first season was Chef Bing Cao who was determined to supply Tebay Services and save his Ambleside restaurant Wabi Sabi. At the time, he told Visit Lake District "last year my business was on the edge of collapse", due to the impact of the first lockdown in March 2020. But thanks to the Channel 4 series, his sales have increased at Tebay and his sister business Rheged near Penrith is thriving, taking on new staff and investing in more equipment. DON'T MISS...Jimmy Savile gave PR advice to royals after Andrew Lockerbie blunder [EXPLAINER]Prince Charles asked Jimmy Savile for help with Sarah Ferguson in 1989 [ROYAL]Nikki Grahame: Star's 'horrible' anorexia - condition explained [HEALTH] Cao wasn't the only business delighted with the result of the documentary. The founder of More? The Artisan Bakery Patrick Moore stated that sales of his sourdough loaves and milk rolls were up by 30 per cent. “The reaction has been really humbling", Moore stated. Some of the other stars featured in the first series include Claire McKeever from Pure Lakes Natural Skincare and Mary Chappelhow from Interlude Ceramics. A Lake District Farm Shop returns on Saturday, April 9, at 8.15pm on Channel 4. The four-part documentary will be airing a new episode every Saturday in the same time slot for the next month. If you do miss an instalment, there is no need to worry as the entire series will also be available on Channel 4's streaming service All4. Season one of A Lake District Farm Shop is already on the streamer for fans to binge-watch. A Lake District Farm Shop season 2 premieres on Saturday, April 9, at 8.15pm on Channel 4.