A Place In The Sun host Danni Menzies has had her fair share of awkward moments behind the scenes of the show, as couples often have meltdowns over property prices and locations, and threaten to split up right in front of her eyes. Despite also admitting her struggles while selling a house "on a hangover", she has faced much tougher moments in which she's had to act as a "therapist" for prospective buyers. "We've definitely had couples fall out and nearly break up," 33-year-old Danni confessed. "You end up playing a presenter and therapist all at the same time!" She added: "I've [also] had to sell a house on a hangover - that was quite tricky!" However, the TV beauty, who recently announced that she is quitting the show after six years, fortunately has some happy memories of her time as a host too. READ NOW: Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress "There's loads of [emotional moments] to be honest," she clarified. "When somebody's dream comes true... I had a couple called Chris and Mari on the show and it was such an emotional thing for them. "He broke down crying when [the deal] happened and so did she - it was really beautiful." She added: "We had another couple in France called Linda and Gary, and she'd not been very well. "When they got the property, she sort of burst out howling and crying! "All those little moments where it's meant so much to people and we've managed to make it happen - they will stick with me forever." Danni made the difficult decision to leave the show behind after deciding to pursue new projects - but that doesn't mean the wanderlusty star is likely to quit travelling any time soon. "When I first started doing the show, we were going [abroad] quite a lot and I took it all totally for granted," she admitted. DON'T MISS: Johnny Depp's best friend sobs in court over Amber Heard abuse case [INSIGHT] Victoria Beckham shares gorgeous photo with rarely-seen parents [PHOTOS] Simon Cowell, 62, unrecognisable at Kids Choice Awards [LATEST]  "But there's so many [great places to visit] - there's like 280-whatever Greek islands. "I've been to about four or five of them - and when I'm not working, I'm planning on seeing much more of them because the Greek Islands are absolutely amazing." She also has fond memories of forays to Costa Rica and the Caribbean, which she described as "incredible". Despite sealing the deal on dream properties in so many exotic locations, she's in no hurry to commit to purchasing one herself. The TV star, who estimates she has been to about 35 countries, explained: "Personally, I've still got lots of places that I'd like to see so I'm not really thinking like that just yet." "I'd like to see more of the world [before I make a decision]." Danni, who until recently had been single after previously dating a "war hero" years earlier, is not yet settling down. She has revealed she is seeing someone, but is not yet ready to go public with the romance.