Despite fears of a default Russia has defied expectations so far by making payments on its debts in full and in dollars. Investors had grown concerned that Russia might attempt to make some payments in rubles due to the heavy restrictions on its access to foreign currency following western sanctions. Under the terms of some of its debts payment has to be in the nominated currency meaning an attempt to pay in rubles would be counted as a default. In the weeks following its invasion of Ukraine Russia has had its credit ratings slashed with ratings agency Fitch downgrading it to a 'C', typically used for companies or countries near to default.  Attention is now focused on 4 April when a $2 billion (£1.52bn) bond is set to mature. Since last week Russia has been scrambling to reduce the impact of this with the Finance Ministry offering to buy back the debt from Russian investors in rubles in advance of the deadline. The move is thought to be aimed at ensuring domestic investors hit by sanctions and unable to receive money in dollars can still be paid. According to the ministry it has now repurchased around $1.45 billion (£1.1bn) of the debt, leaving around $550 million (£418.9m) outstanding, including to international investors.  Even following the repurchase this amounts to the biggest default test since Russia invaded Ukraine. If payment is not made on the due date a 30 day grace period begins in which to pay, after which Russia would be deemed in default. As the bond is nominated in dollars an attempt to pay in rubles would also be counted as default. Major asset managers such as BlackRock, Axa, Brandywine and Morgan Stanley Investment Management are reportedly among bond holders waiting on payment.  Those named did not respond immediately when asked for comment. While the successful payments made by Russia so far may give investors confidence a bigger unknown is approaching at the end of May when an exemption on international debt payments by Russia comes to an end. Under the licence granted by the US Office of Foreign Assets Control Russia is able to make payments to international investors up until the 25 May with no comment so far on whether this might be extended. Without an extension Russia could be left unable to pay its creditors even if it had the funds available leading to Finance Minister Anton Siluanov accusing the West of trying to force an "artificial default".   DON'T MISS: Petrol prices predicted to fall 8p [REVEAL] Tim Martin slams Rishi Sunak's tax hike as industry 'at its weakest' [FEATURE] Putin's propped-up economy 'runs risk of long-term pain' [ANALYSIS] One US Treasury official confirmed no decision had yet been taken on whether to allow an extension. Speaking to Bloomberg they noted the current licence had been able to reduce the impact of sanctions on Western investors with the US keen to avoid damaging its banks. 