Councillors in York, Prince Andrew’s namesake city, voted unanimously to remove his status as Freeman of the city in a meeting held tonight (April 27). They also called on the Government and Buckingham Palace to remove his title altogether. The meeting is the latest development in the fallout from allegations made against the Duke – which he vehemently denied – of sexual abuse. It comes just months after it was announced the Duke had reached an out-of-court settlement with Virginia Giuffre, ahead of a civil trial in New York, without any admission of liability. Ms Giuffre had accused the Prince of sexual abuse, which had allegedly taken place while she was being trafficked by disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein. The Freedom of the City is a status normally given to outstanding members of the community, visiting celebrities or dignitaries. The motion was tabled by the Liberal Democrat-led council and supported by Labour, Conservative and Green councillors. All council members in attendance voted in favour of the motion, aside from two who abstained: the Lord Mayor and Lord Mayor-elect. Following the momentous decision to remove the Duke’s honour, Liberal Democrat councillor Darryl Smalley said: “The removal of this honorary title sends the right message that we as a city stand with victims of abuse.” He added: “The next logical step is now for Prince Andrew to do the right thing and relinquish his Duke of York title.  “If he fails to do so, the Government and Buckingham Palace must step in to remove his title to finally end Prince Andrew's connection to York.” Meanwhile, Labour councillor Aisling Musson said she had voted to remove “this stain of an association with this city”. Cllr David Taylor, an independent, said that Prince Andrew’s daughter, Beatrice, might be given the honour in the future, as she had “done her homework” when visiting the city previously. Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu, a lawyer and women's rights activist, wrote on Twitter: "About time Prince Andrew is stripped of Duke of York title. It’s disgraceful it’s taking so long.  "He’s brought [the] UK into disrepute and Monarchy. Is he waiting for mummy, the Queen, to tell him to relinquish title?" Buckingham Palace has been approached for comment. Prince Andrew was given the ambassadorial title during a ceremony in 1987, a few months after his marriage to Sarah Ferguson. Peerages and royal title, including the rank of Duke, can only be removed by a committee of the Privy Council appointed by the monarch, according to the Titles Deprivation Act 1917.  The Act was passed in 1917 to make official the titled figures at the time that had been deemed to have “borne arms against His Majesty or His Allies, or who have adhered to His Majesty's enemies” during the First World War. The last time the Act was used was in 1919, when King George V struck off the titles of two Dukes, a prince and a Baron. Earlier in the year, the Queen announced that she had stripped Prince Andrew of many of his honourary patronages. He kept his military titles and status as HRH. In a statement, Buckingham Palace said at the time: “With the Queen’s approval and agreement, the Duke of York’s military affiliations and Royal patronages have been returned to the Queen. “The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen.” Prince Andrew was last seen in public last month, when he attended a memorial service for the late Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey. 