The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made the decision to permanently step down as senior royals last year. They have not returned to the UK together since they moved stateside, however, Harry has returned alone twice. Since their move, their relationship with the rest of the Royal Family has been under strain. Speaking to Sky News Australia, former UKIP leader Nigel Farage discussed the Sussexes and how the Queen is of "no use" to the pair anymore. Mr Farage said: "They [Harry and Meghan] weren't able to come to the Abbey in Westminster for commemorative service for the life of Harry's grandfather." The World War II veteran passed away in April last year, just weeks shy of his 100th birthday. Speaking of the late duke, Mr Farage said: "He gave 70 years of his life to public service, not just to us but to the other Commonwealth countries around the world." He added: "Now, they [Harry and Meghan] couldn't be bothered to show respect to Harry's grandmother, who's on the eve of her 96th birthday because they used her already. She's of no use to them anymore." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's 'part-time royal' dream shattered as Sussexes pursue £72m Netflix deal The former UKIP leader adds: "They're going to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands because, of course, they've got books to write, they've got films to make and they want to be the great virtuous wonder couple helping disabled people play sport." The Australian TV host Paul Murray, speaking to Mr Farage on the show, concluded by saying that the pair are "so compassionate", before adding "unless its any members of their family". The Duke of Sussex launched the Invictus Games in London 2014. The launch happened after he saw a British team compete at the US Warrior Games in Colorado in 2013, a competition for wounded servicemen in the US. READ MORE: Queen will miss Easter Sunday service on heart-breaking anniversary of Philip's funeral The Duke said in a press release: “At its heart, the Invictus Games is about empowering every single person around the world. “It’s a worldwide display of resilience, determination, and community for which each of us can draw inspiration.” Meghan Markle will join Prince Harry at the Invictus Games in the Hague for the first few days, confirmed a spokesperson for the couple. This year's event will take place, in the Netherlands, between April 16-22. DON'T MISS The 2017 Invictus Games opening ceremony in Toronto marked the first time that Meghan made a public appearance at one of Prince Harry's events. The pair sat separately at the event but Meghan sat alongside their mutual friend Markus Anderson. Speaking to the hosts on 9Honey this week, The Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers confirmed that they are "arriving without" their two children to the Invictus Games this weekend.