Bitter rows that have soured relations between London and Paris show no signs of easing in the wake of Mr Macron securing another five years in the Élysée Palace. The standard diplomatic practice of a quickly arranged phone call between leaders after an election is still yet to take place. Failure to organise a phone call comes despite Mr Macron speaking to US President Joe Biden and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz after becoming the first French President to secure re-election in 20 years. The Prime Minister's official spokesman attempted to play down talk of a rift this morning. He said: "There’s no call scheduled. "As you will appreciate with world leaders call timings can change quite often. READ MORE: Pandering Macron savaged over EU anthem "Both people are exceptionally busy. "They have spoken very regularly in recent weeks and months. Not least because of the situation in Ukraine." It had been hoped Mr Macron's victory would act as a reset for relations between the two neighbours. Mr Johnson and his French counterpart have clashed over a series of issues since the UK left the EU transition period at the end of 2020. Mr Macron sparked fury in January last year when he plotted to undermine confidence in the Oxford developed Astrazenica Covid vaccine. There were then clashes over post-Brexit fishing rights in May last year when France attempted to blackmail the Channel Islands if they did not grant more licences to French fisheries. DON'T MISS:Economic difficulties ahead for Macron [INSIGHT]Macron’s view of Boris and Britain: French leader’s attacks on Johnson [IN DEPTH]Macron's grip on Britain's energy exposed - France to gain billions [WARNING] Tempers again flared in September when Mr Macron lost his temper over a deal struck between Britain, the US and Australia to supply Canberra with nuclear-propelled submarines. The pact, known as AUKUS, ended a military agreement between Australia and France to supply conventional submarines. There have also been repeated clashes on stopping illegal Channel crossings and the Northern Ireland Protocol, with Mr Macron going as far as to call the Prime Minister a "clown". Ministers in the UK have hoped some of the anger and rhetoric emerging from Paris was part of Mr Macron's re-election strategy and will quickly be dropped following his victory on Sunday. Mr Johnson publicly congratulated Mr Macron on his win in a tweet on social media sent swiftly after the election result was confirmed. He wrote: "Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on your re-election as President of France. "France is one of our closest and most important allies. "I look forward to continuing to work together on the issues which matter most to our two countries and to the world."