Leading government figures in Saudi Arabia have vowed to "sit down" with drivers and offer assurances on future races following the controversial events of last weekend. Sunday's Grand Prix went ahead as scheduled despite Friday's practice session being disrupted by a missile attack on a oil depot less than 10 miles from the Jeddah track.  The incident resulted in late night talks between teams and F1 bosses, with a number of drivers, Lewis Hamilton among them, reportedly uncomfortable with the prospect of racing. However, F1 CEO Stefano Domenicali reportedly insisted it was safe to proceed, and on Saturday morning it was confirmed the event would go ahead. The saga raised further questions about Grand Prix races being held in the country, amid a deplorable human rights record and much criticised stance on LGBTQ+ issues. The track itself also came under scrutiny last December in the 2022 affair, with the lightning quick track prompting a series of accidents and both yellow and red flags. Sunday's action did prove engrossing, with Max Verstappen overtaking Charles Leclerc with four laps to go and then holding on to take the chequered flag. But the fallout has continued, and now Saudi Arabia’s minister for sport, His Royal Highness Prince Abdulaziz Bin Turki Al-Faisa, has pledged to reach out to all teams before 2023. JUST IN: Valtteri Bottas wants to rub salt in Mercedes' wounds as he targets fight with old team  "We haven’t got into the details. yet but we are open to discussions," he told motorsport.com. “We are open to sit down, see where the issues are, what the assurances are they need." And the Prince promised transparency in light of any concerns. “Whatever they want, we are here to host F1 as best as it can be anywhere in the world," he added. “So we will definitely have an open discussion with them to see what their feedback is, to discuss with them and see what their concerns are about. We will show them everything.” DON'T MISS:Max Verstappen makes F1 break request after Las Vegas Grand Prix confirmed for 2023 seasonF1 chief sparks Monaco fears as Las Vegas Grand Prix set to become new 'flagship' raceLewis Hamilton has message for former rival Sebastian Vettel after F1 return confirmed F1 isn't the only sport to be maligned for using the country to stage high profile events in exchange for financial gain. The upcoming rematch between Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk could also be staged in Saudi, with the British fighter having previously fought there against Andy Ruiz. But Prince Abdulaziz argued that hosting events can help Saudi Arabia integrate with the rest of the world. "We know the importance of F1 and we want to be part of the international community. We want to be present. We want everyone to come to Saudi Arabia and feel like as if they’re going anywhere else in the world," he added.