When Lee Armstrong, 41, was released from jail five weeks ago, he was housed at a Psychologically Informed Planned Environment (PIPE) Pipeline hostel, which provides accommodation for lifers on their release. However, Lee was jailed for a robbery with a recommendation of three years and, though it became 18 years, he is now concerned to share the same accommodation as paedophiles, murderers and sex fiends. Despite not committing a new offence in the past five weeks, Lee asked to go back to prison on Wednesday, Hull Live reports. "I’m at the police station handing myself in for absolutely nothing," he said. "I have been housed with no***s (sex offenders). Gotta go back to jail. "I had got my life sorted out, I’ve got a good family. I’m doing well but it is still not good enough. It’s an absolute joke." Lee was the subject of an Imprisonment for Public Protection (IPP) sentence introduced in April 2005. They were designed to protect the public from serious offenders whose crimes did not merit a life sentence. Offenders sentenced to an IPP are set a minimum term which they must spend in prison. After they have completed their term they can apply to the Parole Board for release. If offenders are given parole they will be on supervised licence for at least 10 years. If offenders are refused parole they can only apply again after one year. The Probation Service says Lee agreed to the placement at the PIPE premises which they claim he felt would be the best option to integrate him back in to the community. But Lee's mum Kay, from east Hull, says those who have been the subject of IPPs have fallen through the cracks of the justice system. Kay said: "Nearly 18 years ago Lee got into some bother in a pub and snatched a mobile phone off someone and that was classed as robbery. "He had got into trouble as a teenager including robbing someone of their bike so this was his third strike. "He was jailed under the Imprisonment for Public Protection (IPP) scheme with a recommendation of three years in prison. This system was supposed to be used for horrific paedophiles and murderers, the really bad criminals, but judges started dishing them out for the three strikes rule which meant those with low level offences like Lee ended up under the scheme. "I thought he would be out after a year and a half but here we are 18 years later. I’ll admit Lee should not have done what he did and he was wrong but this was a cruel, cruel sentence."  Lee, who is a father, was released once before but made a mistake by breaching his curfew. Kay feels IPPs prisoners have been set up for failure. The mother continued: "He didn’t know when he would come out. He had a few parole hearing and was not released. He likes working out and one time they even said he was too big and would be a threat if released. "He was released two and a half years ago but there was a legionnaire’s disease break out at the hostel he was housed in. We managed to get him a flat on Beverley Road but he was under an 8pm curfew and came back at 9.30pm one night. He was sent back to prison for breaching the curfew. "It has taken more than two years to get him released again but he has been sent to a hostel in York which includes lifers such as serious sex offenders. "There are 12 paedophiles in there and he could not take living with them. "How can they keep sex offenders segregated from other inmates in prison but they all mix in a hostel? He hears them talking about what they have done and he cannot take it. He has pleaded for help and now feels he has no choice but to hand himself back into the police and go back to jail before he does something. "I have emailed a few politicians raising this issue but no one, it seems, can help,” she said. “When the IPPs were scrapped there were around 5,000 prisoners who the authorities didn’t know what to do with. "Lee has done his time and now he should be allowed to just get on with his life and make his own mistakes. He will be on licence for ten years. What they are doing is putting up barriers on their release and setting them up to fail and make mistakes. "His daughter was just a baby when he went inside and now she is a 21-year-old woman. Lee just wants to live a normal life but he is being stopped from doing that and now he is going back inside."   Lee's girlfriend Kara Cunningham, who drove him to the police station in Hull this week, said: "While he was at York I would drive up to him everyday and bring him back to Hull before driving him back on time. "But one day he broke down mentally and told me he couldn't be there (at the hostel) anymore. "He talked to staff and took himself out of the situation as he was not comfortable being around child abusers. He wanted to move in with me and start a new life but who knows what will happen now." The Probation Service insists Lee agreed to the hostel placement and was the best way forward for him to return to life outside of prison. The service says there only are two PIPE premises in the region which is why he was sent to York. It also confirmed PIPE hostels do also house sex offenders as well as violent criminals. They are used to rehabilitate offenders who require strict supervision. A spokeswoman said: "This individual asked to be placed at this approved premises during his parole application because he agreed the specialist support they provided would help turn his back on crime. "Despite our efforts to help him he has breached his licence conditions and been recalled to prison as a result."   The Parole Board confirmed Lee had been released and explained how the system works. A spokesperson for the Parole Board said: "We can confirm that a panel of the Parole Board has directed the release of Lee Armstrong in December following an oral hearing. Parole Board decisions are solely focused on what risk a prisoner could represent to the public if released and whether that risk is manageable in the community. "Evidence from witnesses including probation officers, psychiatrists and psychologists, officials supervising the offender in prison as well as victim personal statements are then given at the hearing. "The prisoner and witnesses are then questioned at length during the hearing which often lasts a full day or more. Parole reviews are undertaken thoroughly and with extreme care. Protecting the public is our number one priority.” 