Manchester United have been warned that Jurrien Timber could prove to be a failure in England as Ruud Gullit raised doubts over the young defender's Premier League credentials. The 20-year-old is expected to be among Erik ten Hag's list of summer targets when he moves to Old Trafford from Amsterdam at the end of the season. United could make up to 10 summer signings according to Ralf Rangnick and reports claim the club could sanction up to £200million on transfers. Yet in the view of Gullit, potential target Timber may not be cut out for the Premier League. "I think Timber is a very good player, but whether he can be a defender in England,' the Dutchman told Ajax Showtime. "You also play against Burnley and West Brom. The top seven strikers are all world-beaters. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims "I think he is a very good footballer, but I have my doubts about whether he is a good defender." United are expected to invest in their defence, where there have been huge question marks over club captain Harry Maguire. The England international could yet be stripped of the armband when Ten Hag arrives at Old Trafford this summer. Victor Lindelof has failed to establish himself as a first-choice option, while Raphael Varane has also been faced with several injury problems. DON'T MISSWest Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injuryAjax chief lets slip on Erik ten Hag's Man Utd verbal agreement - 'We tried everything'Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims It leaves United short at centre-back and Timber ticks a lot of the boxes Ten Hag will be looking for in potential targets. The 52-year-old is believed to have told United that he wants a say on transfers moving forward, in order to accept the role. Dutch football expert Marcel van der Kraan believes United will certainly be interested in both Timber and winger Antony, who has already found himself linked with the Red Devils after his manager's verbal agreement over a three-year contract. "Well I have to go back to those Ajax fans, who would be gutted to see Ten Hag leave," he told Sky Sports News. "But they would be even more gutted if he takes two of their best players, one is the defender Jurrien Timber, who has made his debut with the Dutch national team. "He has been excellent, rapidly developing, quick-thinker, quick on the ball, like very many Ajax players coming from their own academy. "Timber is a massive talent who he would like to take. The other is an expensive one, Antony the Brazilian forward who is lining up with Neymar with the national team." United are set to lose at least five players this summer with Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani all out of contract - Nemanja Matic has also confirmed that he is off.