The parents' desperate plight has emerged as the cost of living crisis continues with soaring utility, fuel and food bills. Gloucestershire Bundles, based in a suburb of Gloucester, is at the forefront of the crisis facing many families due to spiralling costs.  It helps those in need to get access to clothes, toys, nappies and toiletries, Gloucestershire Live reports. The charity, which receives referrals from professionals when a family is in need, has seen a 30% increase in the numbers sent to them compared to last year. Gloucestershire Bundles founder Dawn Dolphin, 50, said: She said: “We are always in need of toiletries and nappies. People really struggle to buy essential hygiene products."I have heard from another baby bank how mums are scraping poo out of babies' disposable nappies because they can not afford to buy more.“I know we had one referral come in from a lady who was starting a new job and her benefits had stopped. She had budgeted until her first wage came through but her baby got poorly with a bad tummy and all the nappies were used up and she did not have the money to get more.“People are really struggling. We are finding many are in need of cots and toddler beds and strollers at the moment. We would like to be able to help those who come to us but without the donations coming in we have to dip into our budget and go out and buy these items."  She added: "More and more people are needing us but donations are not coming in as much because people are doing car boot sales to make some extra money to buy food or get gas and electric."Last year we made 903 referral bundles. These bundles in the past have been for up to seven children."Before people would come and say they need clothes, but now they need pretty much all we can offer so that will include clothes, toiletries and toys in most of the referrals."Dawn says the charity is struggling to source cot beds and pushchairs and nappies often run out fast. The charity looks to hold donation events where they look for specific items as they are unable to store excess items which are not in demand.