The appalling stories told by ashen survivors, the bodies of ordinary townsfolk on the streets, hands tied behind their backs before they were shot in the head, are visions from hell. The beheaded grandmother in a car; the mass graves revealing the tortured remains of families – there’s no point going on; we’ve all seen them and felt revulsion and horror. My heart almost stops every time I watch the news. But what is happening here? This kind of demonic cruelty towards the vulnerable old; the slaughter of whole families; the gangrape of countless mothers, even children; this isn’t war as we understand it, which has rules forbidding the murder of civilians and repellent sexual violence. So what happens in the minds of the young Russian conscripts, who believed at first they were part of a military exercise, not a brutal invasion?  Surely those lads love their mothers as much as the Ukrainian boys they’re fighting adore theirs? Don’t they cherish their grandparents, their wives and sisters? They must – so what happens to their souls when faced with frightened families who bear no weapons and pose no threat? How is it they turn into animals, as Volodymyr Zelensky described them to the UN Council this week? Can any of us imagine our own sons turning into butchers or rapists? What despicable force is at work here? A fascinating Radio 4 conversation between the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby and masterly American horror writer Stephen King discussed the nature of evil. Is it “bred in the bone” as King put it, dwelling inside the individual? Or is it an external force that can take root in a nation or community? Welby and King, one a minister of divinity, one who writes metaphysical stories of horrific fear and dread, both regard evil as a supernatural force. There is no answer, they concluded. The good guy doesn’t always win. God is cruel, God is kind. All we can do is try our best to help – tragically inadequate though that seems. ----------------------------------------------  Primetime TV’s pretty awful just now and I’m desperate to escape the awful news and find some comfort. Luckily I’ve unearthed early episodes of Midsomer Murders, from 1997. I know I sound like a typical boomer, but they’re a joy to watch. The acting (John Nettles at his charming best) and the sure touch of writers such as Anthony Horowitz offer mystery and fun with zero political agenda. It’s like seeing an excellent village repertory company – reassuring and as warm as an eiderdown. Twenty-five years after her death, there’s still no end to Diana, Princess of Wales’s influence on the future of the royal family. That sombre anniversary will be reached this August and already there’s a new book (The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor – The Truth And The Turmoil, by Tina Brown), published this month, from Tina Brown, the celebrated former editor of Vanity Fair and The New Yorker. Brown says Diana had “no regrets” over the notorious Martin Bashir interview, above, which “served her purpose”, which was to gain public sympathy for her position as a betrayed woman. At a lunch just six weeks before her death, a “confident” Diana told Brown of her plans to make a series of TV specials about her favourite causes. This was 24 years before Harry and Meghan embarked on their own similar media mission. It’s dispiriting, this manipulation of victimhood for personal gain. I hate to ask... but is it in the genes? 