Yellowstone is Paramount Network’s hit western drama which focuses on the Dutton family and their highly sought after Montana Ranch. After season four came to an end in January an eagle-eyed fan spotted a major blunder which saw Teeter (played by Jennifer Landon) working the field even after being fired.  Taking to Movie Mistakes, an eagle eyed fan spotted a major continuity mistake and exposed it with a submission. It read: “In the previous episode Dutton fired all the woman cowboys and kicked all women from the bunkhouse. “Early in this episode, Teeter is visible working as they round up cattle on the ranch. “Yet a few minutes later she comes to John and Rip begging for her job back,” they concluded. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy During the episode before the one with the blunder, there was a lot going on at the bunkhouse. As it was one of the communal living quarters for the Yellowstone Ranch's cowboys it often got rough among them. At the Bunkhouse it wasn’t uncommon to see punches getting thrown, the cowboys getting drunk and losing their paycheck to a card game. However, during the episode titled ‘I Want To Be Him,’ things got so out of hand, John Dutton (Kevin Costner) was forced to intervene. One of the major shocks was the fight that broke out between Lloyd (Forrie J. Smith) and Walker (Ryan Bingham) which resulted in Walker sustaining a stab wound. Up until the fight Lloyd had been testing everyone’s patience and when they had enough of squabbling he threw a knife at Walker’s chest. Even with a stabbing, viewers got an even bigger shock when Teeter received walking papers from John, who declared there would be no more women at the bunkhouse. Although Mia (Eden Brolin) and Laramie (Hassie Harrison) were the women who wreaked havoc, Teeter lost her job because she also happened to be a woman. DON'T MISS...Tipping Point fans 'heartbroken' as major error costs player £20k [INSIGHT] Yellowstone season 5 theory: John Dutton to lose ranch in 1883 clue [THEORY]Yellowstone’s Kayce star drops update on series’ future [INSIGHT] As Teeter was fired it was a huge error for her to be seen working the field and rounding up the cattle. She then returned to the ranch to beg John and his son-in-law Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) for her job back, as she was a good worker who was tough and quick on her feet. The action was even more hurtful to her as she got branded to show her dedication to the Dutton family and their ranch. However, after her emotional plea, she was able to get her job back. The actress spoke out about the scene on the show’s official YouTube page for a feature on Behind the Story. She recalled the moment when her character first secured the role as “emotional,” which made Teeter’s firing “devastating.” Landon added: “As wily and rebellious as [Teeter] is, all she wants is to belong to a family. “It does feel like there's another emotional thing that ensures her place there,” she concluded. Yellowstone is available in the US on Paramount Network, A UK release date is yet to be announced. 