During the Easter holidays, Ranvir Singh has stepped in as host for Lorraine Kelly and spoke to actors Alexander Skarsgard and Anya Taylor-Joy about their new film together. As the pair were excited to promote their movie, Ranvir commented on the body transformation that Alexander had gone through for the role but left him blushing and feeling "uncomfortable" by the persistent probe. The Northman follows a young Viking prince who witnesses his father’s murder at the hands of his uncle and sets out to avenge him and reclaim the throne. After speaking about the film and how they felt working together, Ranvir asked: "Alexander, you are naked from the waist up almost the entire time. "And your body looks very different to the way you look now, that in itself must have been quite a feat, what did you have to do to inhabit this huge Viking prince character?" Alexander sat in awkward silence for a moment before replying: "You sound disappointed when you said that..." READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits Anya interjected and praised her co-star: "No one works as hard as this man, honestly, I can't say enough about how much effort and love he poured into this role, you can really see it. "I mean, dude, you filled the entire screen," she added. Alexander uncomfortably laughed: "I am blushing now, guys, this is very uncomfortable for me!" The Hollywood star struggled to reply to Ranvir's line of questioning as he continued: "Well, my character... this is very uncomfortable." And he wasn't alone as a number of viewers also weighed in on the question, branding it "embarrassing" and "cringey". Twitter user @TheDivineFrog said of the chat: “#lorraine that interview was as cringey af.” While @bpd1 replied: “You could tell they wanted to walk off. So cringey. Ranvir basically telling him he’s not in good shape anymore." And @DobbysMyHero echoed: “Silly… #Lorraine asking poor #AlexanderSkarsgar stupid & embarrassing questions about his weight and how he doesn't look as ‘fit’ now after making #TheNorthman… a total embarrassment to your show @ITV." DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly regrets not calling out Kris Marshall during interview [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly aims swipe at ITV over 'toe-curling' additions to team [LATEST]Lorraine Kelly blasts Prince Andrew over Turkish 'fraudster' claims [WATCH] While @DawudAishah praised the actor: “I love Alexander watched him in True Blood he was an amazing. #lorraine." Alexander is joined by an all-star cast including Nicole Kidman, Claes Bang, Anya Taylor-Joy, Ethan Hawke, Björk, and Willem Dafoe. Speaking to The Sunday Times, the star opened up about his early career and commented on the typecast he was often faced with due to his looks. He confessed: "I don't really know if that was the reason I wasn't getting roles. Starting out in Sweden, there was stuff about being tall and blond. But most people here are tall and blond. "Still, after my first job, I was on a stupid 'sexy hunky hot list', and then people didn't take me seriously. "If you want characters with depth but have been labelled 'A dude who takes his shirt off,' you're not going to get those offers." Alexander has gone on to star in big TV and movie names such as True Blood, The Stand, Succession, and The Legend of Tarzan and was nominated for both an Emmy and Golden Globe for his role in Big Little Lies. He was also named Sweden's Sexiest Man five times, but he admitted the title was "trivial." Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.