Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has played down suggestions his spell at Old Trafford has damaged his reputation ahead of tonight’s Premier League clash with Chelsea. The Red Devils have gone from bad to worse since the appointment of the 63-year-old earlier in the season. And he’s been unable to save a season that started poorly under predecessor Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Manchester United hired Rangnick in December after choosing to put an interim manager in charge to see out the campaign. But the Red Devils have continued to toil under the German and, now, are poised to miss out on Champions League football. Rangnick arrived with a big reputation, having previously done well in managerial roles at the likes of RB Leipzig, Hoffenheim and Schalke. Yet he’s insisted his CV isn’t tarnished by his turbulent time in the United dugout when quizzed on how he felt about the matter from a personal perspective. “I think I've tried everything I can but that does not necessarily mean that we did everything right,” he said. “Everybody has to question himself, the staff, the players and myself, what could we have done better in the past. This is part of our job. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “Everybody has to be self-critical enough to do that.” United are likely to be playing in the Europa League next term as things stand. But, if results continue to worsen, there’s even a possibility they’ll fall into the UEFA Conference League or miss out on European football altogether. That would mean less money but would allow United to solely focus on domestic matters as they look to win a first Premier League title since 2013. And Rangnick has conceded that could be an advantage, saying: “It could be an advantage but that does not mean we will give away any of the remaining four games. "For us it's clear and our obligation. This is our job, my job, the job of the players that we try to get the best possible results.” DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag With United continuing to fall far behind Manchester City and Liverpool, the future doesn’t look bright. But Rangnick is adamant things will be better under Erik ten Hag, who has already been confirmed as his successor. “I strongly believe that there is a lot of things that can become better and will become better with a new manager and hopefully with some new players, with some fresh energy in that squad,” Rangnick said. “With this group of new players and the quality of players that are already here, together with the new manager, I am very positive that next season will be a lot better. “I am looking forward to working in that advisory role and obviously helping Eric as much as he wants it himself. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “Obviously, I am more than willing and prepared to help both Erik and whomever in the club in order to change everything for the better.” On recruitment, he continued: “In my last two clubs, we never a signed a player without the approval of the manager and I’m pretty sure this will be the case with Erik. “I’m also positive that Erik will make some suggestions, then together with the board, together with the scouting department and possibly myself, we will then hopefully decide the right players.” Chelsea counterpart Thomas Tuchel, meanwhile, is looking forward to the match with United. “We would love to be and Manchester United would love to be in a title decider but unfortunately there are two other teams in red and blue who have a word to say and over the last years made their point strongly,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “So we have to accept it and we have to do everything to try to close the gap and Man United do as well. “I’m personally very happy to play against Man United at Old Trafford. For me it’s still one of the biggest stages, one of the biggest stadiums, one of the biggest clubs and occasions to play. “I arrive with a strong club with a strong team, so this is the best way to arrive as a coach and I’m very happy to have this match and it will always be a big match for me, no matter which position and what current form they are in. “So we try to prepare in the best way possible and try to win the match tomorrow because Chelsea and Man U is for me, as a football fan and a big fan of the Premier League, a big match. “I would always watch it so being part of it now is very nice.”