Manchester United should abandon their pursuit of Erik ten Hag and appoint an English manager instead, according to former Red Devils midfielder Eric Djemba-Djemba. Ten Hag is said to have agreed to become the next United manager. The Dutchman will leave Ajax at the end of the season to take over at Old Trafford. Ten Hag has beaten off competition from the likes of Mauricio Pochettino to get the job. But Djemba-Djemba believes the club needs to look closer to home instead. Ten Hag has not managed in England before and the Cameroonian believes that is a necessity to be the next United boss. Djemba-Djemba told Sky Sports News: "For me, you need to have a good manager, a manager who knows the English football. A manager who knows the English players. READ MORE: Man Utd's two leading scouts 'leave club' in wake of mass transfer criticism  "That is very important, you know. And I cannot mention any manager because I'm not on the board, I don't know what the board wants to do, but we need to have, for me, an English manager for Manchester United. "Because he would know very well English football, Premier League, and the English players. For me it's very important to get an English manager, or a British manager." Meanwhile, former United first-team coach Rene Meulensteen knows Ten Hag personally. And he thinks his compatriot has what it takes to succeed at Old Trafford if he receives the right backing. Asked if Ten Hag will be a success, Meulensteen told Sky Sports: "Depends on the support, not from the playing point or philosophy. Yes he might have to tweak some things here and there because like I said the Premier League is different to the Eredivisie. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag given cold reality check as Graeme Souness sends 'good luck' message [QUOTES]Ten Hag has already failed first Sir Alex Ferguson test ahead of Man Utd move [COMMENT]Real Madrid have a chance to sign a better striker than Mbappe and wound Barcelona [TRANSFERS]  "But he needs support, he needs time and he needs to bring the right players in. Players with the right personality, the right characters. "He needs winners and that is going to be the big thing. If he brings the right players in, he's got the right philosophy and he gets the time, then yes. "In terms of the philosophy, the way he wants to play, the work that he's done at Ajax, I can see it being an appointment that could work for Manchester United. I would imagine that Erik himself, the way that I know him, would have done a lot of work, due-diligence sort of stuff to see where Man United is, and it's not a secret that he exactly knows what Manchester United is at the moment and he also knows what sort of work he's got ahead of him."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here