The Mancunian money expert posts financial tips on her Instagram account and platform Budget Jones Diary. Beth became a Chartered Accountant in 2021 and has paid off £20,000 of personal debt after beginning her money journey. She shows Britons how to tackle debt, take control of their money and make money via a side hustle. She spoke about how to make the most of your finances amid the cost of living crisis. Beth told Express.co.uk: "My ultimate top tip to saving successfully is to ringfence your savings. "Put them in a different account to your normal current account and make it super inconvenient to dip in throughout the month." It can be tempting to dip into your savings, however, it's a surefire way to deplete your finances. Budgeting properly to avoid dipping into your savings at any cost is one of the most important elements of improving your finances, Beth told readers. READ MORE: 'It's amazing': How I saved £1,000 a year making just a few cuts like switching from Sky She also strongly advised using a certain feature if your bank offers it. Beth said: "One thing to look out for on your banking app is the ‘round up feature’ – this feature is *chefs kiss*. "This automatically saves your spare change for you. So if you spend £1.50, 50p will drop into your savings. "It’s such a small value that you don’t notice it leaving your account, but over time can certainly add up." DON'T MISS'Won't notice the temperature difference': Save £80 on your heating [HOW TO] How to get fruit and veg for better than half price and save £555 a year [SAVING] Costs increasing at a 'serious rate' - how can Britons 'lessen the burden'? [HELP] A lot of banks offer this feature now. This includes Lloyd's, Monzo, Nationwide, Bank of Scotland, and Starling Bank - among others. Beth's final savings tip involves rewarding yourself when you hit other goals. She said: "And finally, starting a savings challenge of some sort, or even gamifying your savings can be really motivating. "For example, hit your steps target for the day? Money into savings. Integrating these have truly helped me to save thousands." Beth detailed a number of other ways she keeps on top of her budget. She said: "Having regular money dates with myself has been key. I’m able to reassess what is a priority for me and what isn’t. "Aligning my spending habits with my goals has been crucial to spending less and saving more for sure." Bath also uses her side hustle to make extra money. She said: "I’m sort of a jack of all trades! I have my blog (which started my side hustle journey), an Etsy store selling planners and excel budgets and I also have my Instagram page. "I love answering surveys from time to time as I think they’re a super quick way of earning money, also selling any unused clothing online can bring in some cash." Beth also advised Britons on how to create a budget, even if they are starting from scratch. She said: "Creating your first budget may take time and it will be ever-evolving, but you must persevere with it and remain consistent – your hard work will definitely pay off! "You’ll want to start with your income at the top, so think about your main employment, any side hustles you have etc." "Next, move on to your expenses – what do your fixed and variable expenses look like?" "And finally," Beth said, "think about your goals."