Doctor Who fans will soon be saying goodbye to actress Jodie Whittaker as the Doctor with just two more episodes left to go before it's the end of her time in the BBC sci-fi series. Before her exit though, there is still this upcoming instalment to come which is expected to be filled with lost treasure, monsters and pirates. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Doctor Who: Legend of the Sea Devils. The famous Time Lord has been at the epicentre of the Doctor Who franchise for six decades with actress Jodie Whittaker starring as the 14th Doctor. She announced last year that she would be leaving in 2022 and while her replacement hasn't yet been revealed, Whittaker will be exiting in the episode following Leged of the Sea Devils. Prior to Doctor Who, Whittaker has been in several memorable British series. These include Broadchurch, Accused, Trust Me, Black Mirror, Wired and The Assets. READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts There is always an assistant or two at hand to help the Doctor whenever they're in need and for the past four years, Yasmin Khan has been in every episode. The ex-police officer has remained loyal throughout their adventures but does have romantic feelings towards the Doctor so will this be explored further before Whittaker leaves? Actress Mandip Gill's first TV part was in Hollyoaks as teenager Phoebe McQueen for three years. She has since appeared in Cuckoo, Casualty, Doctors and the Apple+ series Suspicion with actress Uma Thurman. Dan Lewis never intended to be part of the Doctor's adventures but has been brave in taking on every challenge head-on. He is portrayed by actor, presenter and stand-up comedian John Bishop who is also a former footballer. Over the past decade, Bishop has been delving further into the world of acting with a few credits under his belt. Some of which have been in Skins, Accused, Fearless, Funny Cow and Next Exit. DON'T MISS...Carole Malone erupts in firey election debate over Partygate row [REACTION]Gentleman Jack's Sophie Rundle jokes wives are 'always sidelined' [CAST]Death in Paradise star snubbed for BBC role over language difficulty [EXPLAINER] Madame Ching, also known as Zheng Yi Sao, is a pirate queen who was a real-life leader in the 19th Century. She has featured in various stories over the years and in this episode, she will be in search of the lost treasure of the Flor de la Mar. Bringing Madame Ching to life is actress Crystal Yu who is best known for playing Lily Chao in BBC One's Casualty for four years. Other than this, Yu has been in A Christmas Prince: The Royal Baby, Keeping Faith and Dancing Through the Shadow. Little is known about Ying Ki apart from when he is first seen, he and Dan are caught sneaking around Madame Ching's ship. Doctor Who will be actor Marlowe Chan-Reeves's first onscreen role. Other cast members include: Ji-Hun - Arthur Le Ying Was - David K S Tse Marsissus - Craige Els Doctor Who: Legend of the Sea Devils premieres on Sunday, April 17, at 7.10pm on BBC One.