Dr Michael Mosley is the founder of The Fast 800 diet, a meal plan that helps slimmers lose weight “fast”. The plan consists of intermittent fasting, time-restricted eating, and following the Mediterranean diet. As well as following The Fast 800 diet, Dr Mosley has shared other ways dieters can lose weight – especially those who are looking to kick start their weight loss journey. There is a correlation between weight and time, according to Dr Mosley, which means that when one eats their evening meal is important. The nutrition expert recommended that people eat their evening meals earlier, “say 7pm to 7:30pm”. Dr Mosley advised: “Try and stop eating by 8pm and then not eat anything with calories after that. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's diet to 'aid in weight loss & belly fat reduction' “The temptation is to eat cheese and biscuits late into the night. “Although the idea that cheese will give you nightmares is a complete and utter myth, it will obviously be quite a lot of calories loaded on late at night. “And we know the fat and sugar you eat later at night, it just hangs around in your system for much, much longer because your body is just closed down for night. “Your digestive process will be closing down, and it really will not appreciate that late night snack.” DON'T MISS: Easter travel chaos latest: Queues form at St. Pancras for Eurostar [UPDATE]Meghan drops Duchess title in Archetypes ‘to rebrand herself' - claim [EXPERT]Shoppers can save £250 a year by swapping 6 branded items [INSIDER] Dr Mosley continued: “I think the main thing is to try and restrict alcohol and caffeine late at night, because both are likely to keep you awake. “People do use alcohol as a way of getting to sleep, but the reality is it will lead to fragmented sleep and you’ll wake up a lot more during the night, which is very clear. “A nice cup of chamomile tea or possibly a cup of ginger tea is probably a best bet at night time.” Piling your plate with protein can also be beneficial, according to Dr Mosley. He said: “It’s really important to have a decent amount of protein, which is 50 to 70 grams a day. “You can mainly get protein from meat or from fish, and you can also get it from legumes, but you have to eat rather more, which is why following the Fast 800 on a vegetarian diet is more challenging. “We do have meal replacement shakes which are very rich in protein, and we’re also aiming to produce protein boosters, to help people who might otherwise struggle with it.” The reason why protein is important is “you need it for your muscle”, Dr Mosley explained. He continued: “You need it for all sorts of essential metabolic processes. “And also because when you consume it, it’s digested slower by your body so you don’t get the same sort of peaks.” Dr Mosley added that “the best way to prevent hunger when you’re intermittent fasting is to use something like a meal replacement shake”. “Follow the Fast 800 programme, because it has been very carefully calibrated to ensure it gives you the maximum nutrients and the maximum amount of fibre and protein,” the nutrition expert said. “The reason people get hungry is because they’ve eaten something that’s very high in sugar or carbs, so they get a massive rise in the blood sugar levels and then they crash and then they get hungry. “I find that if you’re eating something which has plenty of fibre in it and plenty of nutrients, I really don’t get hungry hardly at all.”