While there is support for the Prime Minister among Conservatives, with Tory MP Steve Baker lauding Mr Johnson’s “humble apology” in Commons today, GB News Political Editor Darren McCaffrey questioned how long that will last. He considered whether the mood within the party could “switch again” and undermine previous support if the PM is forced to apologise again, with four or five further events believed to be under investigation. Mr McCaffrey told GB News: “All I would add to this, though, is I don’t think the Prime Minister is out of the woods yet. That was still a difficult session for Boris Johnson, repeatedly having to apologise. “I think there are a few fears for No 10 now. First of all, there are local elections in a couple of weeks time that could prove very difficult for the Conservative Party. “But additionally, this might not be the end of it. We could see the Prime Minister back here doing exactly the same again. He may have to do it another time, and another time, and another time. “It is possible that the Prime Minister could be fined not just once, not just twice, not three times, but maybe as many as four times. “Under those circumstances, will the same MPs stand up and be prepared to defend the Prime Minister or will there be a sense that the public mood and within the party has switched again?”  Mr Johnson addressed the House of Commons today for the first time since receiving a fixed penalty notice for violating lockdown rules during his 56th birthday in June, 2020. He reiterated his statement made the day the fine was announced this afternoon, saying: “I take this opportunity on the first available sitting day to repeat my wholehearted apology to the House.” But it has been reported that up to five more events potentially involving the PM are being investigated by the Metropolitan Police. An alleged party in Mr Johnson’s private flat in November 2020, as well as several leaving dos and Christmas parties, are believed to be part of the Met’s probe. READ MORE: Fuming Starmer cut off by speaker as he blasts 'dishonest' Boris [REVEAL] The Prime Minister, his wife Carrie Johnson and Rishi Sunak, among others, paid £50 for the FPN relating to the birthday party in June 2020. The total fines Mr Johnson could pay, however, might be considerably higher should he receive penalties for all events currently being investigated, as the payment doubles with each violation. And the political backlash ahead of the local elections in May could undermine the continued support for the PM in light of the first fine. Roughly 63 percent of respondents to a YouGov poll conducted on behalf of The Times believed that Boris Johnson should resign if he is fined again. DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Boris Johnson be continue as PM after Partygate scandal? [POLL] Partygate crisis: How much was Boris Johnson fined? 'Unprecedented' [REVEAL] Boris Johnson LIVE: PM fires back at critics and vows to FIGHT ON [LIVE] Sir Keir Starmer, leader of the Labour Party, mocked Mr Johnson’s apology in Commons, labelling it “mealy-mouthed”. He said: “What a joke. Even now as the latest mealy-mouthed apology stumbles out of one side of his mouth, a new set of deflections and distortions pour from the other.” And Ed Davey, the Lib Dem leader, said that research had shown significant portions of respondents believed Mr Johnson to be dishonest. Mr Davey was citing a JL Partners poll that 72 percent of a 2,000-strong survey used negative words to describe the PM, with the most popular choice of description being “liar”.