Aiden Aslin, originally from Newark, Nottinghamshire, is believed to have been taken captive in the besieged city of Mariupol. But his friends and family have expressed concern that he may be tortured, as the Russian army may claim he is a foreign mercenary. Earlier in the war, Russian defence ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov had warned "none of the mercenaries the West is sending to Ukraine to fight" would be considered "combatants in accordance with international humanitarian law or enjoy the status of prisoners of war". But Mr Aslin's friends and family have stressed that he is a signed-up member of the Ukrainian armed forces, not a foreign mercenary. The soldier, aged 28, had begun a new life in Ukraine with his fiancee before the Russian invasion started. He had been serving as a member of the 39th Brigade Ukrainian Marines for three years before the invasion, having taken an oath to defend Ukraine. Brennan Phillips, an American former serviceman and a friend of Mr Aslin, said Putin's forces may "twist this as him being a foreign mercenary", claiming they will use "any excuse they can to abuse him". He said: "He is a prisoner of war and is therefore protected under the Geneva convention. "He was safe, unharmed, unarmed and had the intention to surrender to the Russian soldiers. "From this point on anything [bad] that happens to him is a war crime by the Russian forces. Speaking to the Times, Mr Phillips added: "I’m worried that he’s going to get tortured, I’m worried that he’s going to get murdered... that they will twist this as him being a foreign mercenary or part of a paramilitary organisation. "Any excuse they can use to abuse him. That is what I’m most worried about. "We’re not dealing with people who abide by international norms — civilians are fair game, hospitals are fair game... the systematic raping of women. READ MORE: Russian drone obliterated by ‘secret’ 1100mph British laser missiles "That’s just the Russians, the Chechens are even worse." A statement posted to Twitter on Mr Aslin's behalf quoted him saying that his unit had done their best to defend the city but "had no choice but to surrender to Russian forces". He said the Ukrainian forces in the city had "no food and no ammunition". Mr Aslin closed off his message by saying: "It's been a pleasure everyone, I hope this war ends soon." The statement explained: "We're putting this out after direct consultation with [Mr Aslin's] family. DON'T MISS: Russian drone obliterated by ‘secret’ 1100mph British laser missiles [REPORT] 'Take them all f***ing out!' Leaked audio of Putin's 'war crimes' [REVEAL] 'Modern Napoleon!' Macron slammed for 'foolish' Putin 'appeasement' [REACTION] "Until we're told otherwise we'll continue working on sharing the facts of the war. "Hope for a prisoner exchange." Mr Aslin, who used to work as a care worker while living in the UK, has been using the online alias "Cossack Gundi" to update thousands of social media followers on the situation in Ukraine. The soldier's younger brother, Nathan Wood, begged the Russian forces to look after his brother. He also claimed that Mr Aslin may be "used as a propaganda tool". Speaking to the MailOnline, he said: "If the Russians do have Aiden captive, we would want to remind them of the Geneva Convention and to treat him and other soldiers in a humane and dignified way. "This is a worrying time for our family. "Russia has a reputation with how it deals with its prisoners. "Those soldiers from Snake Island, who told the Russians to 'go f*** yourself', talked about being tortured before they were released. "Aiden may well become used as a propaganda tool by the Russians and be paraded about. "We just hope they don’t do anything drastic. We want him to be safe."