The Queen celebrated her 96th birthday in the comfort of her beloved Sandringham Estate in Norfolk last week. But now the Queen has returned to Windsor Castle to resume her royal duties, welcoming Switzerland’s president, Ignazio Cassis, on Thursday. The monarch was pictured beaming brightly and appeared in good health and she stood without the aid of her walking stick. Pictures of the audience showed a jubilant Queen with Mr Cassis and his wife Paola, with the monarch dressed in a paisley blue and grey silk dress. Adding to her cheery outfit, the Queen wore a fruit-themed sapphire and diamond grapes brooch which she inherited from the Queen Mother. Mr Cassis later said it was a ”great honour” to meet the Queen, adding it ”symbolises the close and long-standing ties” between their two countries. Read More: Charles voices concern for asylum seekers – ‘Must do something’ He added: “My best wishes for the Platinum Jubilee year!” The Queen has recently returned to Windsor Castle, which has been her main base since the Covid pandemic began in 2020. The Queen is thought to have spent her 96th birthday at Wood Farm, a modest property located on her sprawling Sandringham Estate in Norfolk. The Queen adores the spot, and it is also where her beloved late husband Prince Philip spent his retirement from 2017. DON'T MISSThe Palace Papers: The highs and lows of the Royal Family since 1997 [INSIGHT]Inside King Felipe of Spain's staggering wealth - from art to fortune [ANALYSIS]Unseen royal video shows Queen's great-grandchildren playing [VIDEO] The latest appearance at Windsor Castle is one of many the Queen is expected to make over the coming weeks. In addition to her usually virtual diary of engagements, the Queen has some high-profile upcoming public appearances planned. As per Sky News, the monarch is expected to attend the State Opening of Parliament on May 10. But as has been the case for other engagements in the monarch’s diary in recent months, it is expected the Queen’s household will confirm closer to the time if she can attend. After this, the next string of high-profile royal engagements will come over the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend. Over the four-day extravaganza, events like the Derby at Epsom Downs, Trooping the Colour and the Platinum Party at the Palace are scheduled to take place. The Queen has always made several appearances at the previous celebrations for her jubilees. But again, exactly which Platinum Jubilee events the Queen will be attending will likely be confirmed closer to the time. The Queen’s appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony for Trooping the Colour is widely anticipated to be the perfect rounding-off of the Queen’s incredible seven-decade reign.