Clarkson’s Farm star Kaleb Cooper, who manages Diddly Squat, has hit out at owner Jeremy Clarkson. Kaleb called the Top Gear star “useless” and revealed he is “secretly the boss” despite Jeremy thinking him nothing more than a “tractor driver”. Kaleb 23, has called Jeremy, 62, a f***ing idiot” on the Amazon Prime show, while in turn, Jeremy retorts that Kaleb is a “rural halfwit”. The farm manager insisted he has not given up trying to train Jeremy in farm matters, but has lost hope that he will see any drastic improvement. “He referred to me as a tractor driver. That's f***ing s*** - I'm a farm manager. I'm the boss. It's Kaleb's Farm, secretly,” he said. “He has got better with the tractor, and it is a really hard job, but you just have a knack for it. READ MORE: Kaleb Cooper breaks silence on being branded a 'sell-out' “You're either a farmer or you're not a farmer,”the Chipping Norton native added to The Times. But while he and Jeremy are “always together”, that does not mean they get along better when the cameras are turned off - far from it. Kaleb admitted they argue even more when they aren’t being filmed because there are no crew members there to step in. Clarkon’s Farm fans will be excited to learn Kaleb has promised the second series of the hit show is “going to be good” - though he wouldn’t be pressed for further details. Kaleb recently spoke out​​ about the backlash he faced once he accepted offers to work on other projects and said he didn't know which opportunities he should accept. He admitted he felt overwhelmed by the attention he received from brands wanting to work with him. The star said his life changed very quickly, as he was propelled to fame and suddenly inundated with offers, not knowing which he should say yes to. One particular collaboration which led to Kaleb being branded a “sellout” by some social media users was his paid partnership with the fast food giant McDonald’s. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress [PICTURES]Kate Garraway 'moving to better place' after struggles, co-star hopes [INSIGHT]Dan Walker admits 'upsetting' Sally Nugent amid replacement update [ADMISSSION] He worked with the restaurant chain on their campaign in November last year, but some fans didn’t approve and they took to social media to share their frustrations. In the McDonald’s advert, which Kaleb posted to his Instagram account, the company described how they were aiming to be more environmentally friendly with their cooking oil. The post was shared in view of over 900,000 of his social media followers. Among some of the unkind comments included one from Chris.chaddock.7, who wrote: “Swapped milking cows for milking the gravy train I see………..such a shame you’ve sold your soul.” Following the backlash, Kaleb was dissuaded from taking on any new projects, and said no to everything he was offered - but he has now launched his very own cider company. Kaleb has also attracted attention for confessing he cannot stand London, and prefers never to travel out of Oxfordshire. He has only been to the capital three times, but hated it, branding it “f***ing awful” and vowed never to return again. The star joked he suffered a “nosebleed” when he ventured 18 miles out of Chipping Norton.