A British gardener, who shares her tips and tricks with other keep gardeners, has detailed to Express.co.uk her April jobs for her garden, including creating a sweet pea teepee and sowing salad vegetables. Sharon, who runs @beforeandaftergarden, told readers what she is sowing in her garden this April. She said: "I've sewn most of my flowers now, so I will be focusing more on the little kitchen garden up on the balcony next month. "Salad leaves, spring, onions, carrots, and radishes are on the list." She went on: "I'm creating a large sweet-pea teepee on the lawn again. READ MORE: 'Shade-loving' plants to sow in your garden now according to Gardeners' World's Mark Lane "Once we've had the last frost the seedlings will go in. "Many of the seedlings will need potting on, hardening off, and planting out during the month of April too." Sharon detailed more about her sweet pea teepee, which she is doing after giving the project a go for the first time last year. A sweet pea teepee trains the plants to grow into tapered structures. They can reach a huge two metres tall. Sharon posted to followers: "Project sweet pea teepee is underway for the second year!" DON'T MISS'Stop using any peat': Gardener details 'best option' for compost [GARDEN] 'They were incredible': Gardener recommends sowing hardy climber now [FLOWER] How to grow dahlias: Flowers are 'extremely sensitive' [GUIDE] Cleverly, Sharon is holding off until the last of the frost, as a frosty spell can kill the plants. She said: "I won’t be planting out just yet as we have more frosts due. Currently hardening them off with some time outdoors. "I’ve also used a couple of these hanging basket inserts (up-cycled) I’m holding and, so far, would highly recommend. "The roots have all grown through the multiple holes in the base resulting in my strongest seedlings. "I’ll plant the containers directly into larger patio pots for zero root disturbance. Will it work? I’ll let you know!" Make sure to treat the soil ahead of time with a fertiliser and create your teepee in full sun, away from the wind. Another gardener claimed it is "the perfect time" to sow cosmos. Sophie Valentine told her followers on @lookinsidemygarden: "It’s cosmos time…" The gardener said: "They really are a great seed for a beginner." Cosmos are related to sunflowers, but they are much smaller and are usually pink in hue. Cosmos originate from Mexico and they like to grow in full sun. However, the plants like moist but well-drained soil.