Mark Selby has been ranked as world number one on numerous occasions, widely regarded as one of the best in snooker. The snooker star is currently competing in the World Snooker Championship. He has amassed a small fortune in his career thus far. According to Celebrity Net Worth, Mark Selby boasts a net worth of $12million. This is equal to around £9.3million. He has been nicknamed The Jester from Leicester. Mark was crowned the World Snooker Champion in 2014. READ MORE: Woman transforms her looks with permanent make-up A career highlight was last year, when Mr Selby secured another World Championship title, beating out Shaun Murphy. Crowds returned to The Crucible to watch the nail-biting final. But looking back over his career history, Selby won his first major tournament, the Saga Insurance Masters at Wembley, in 2008. He is one of only six players to have won each of snooker’s triple crown events on two or more occasions. He was even been ranked as the top player in the world by the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association. The now 38-year-old finished as the runner-up to David Gray at 2003 Regal Scottish at just 19-years-old. The winner of the 2022 Snooker World Championship will take home a cash prize of £500,000. Mark has won an impressive four times so far. He is into the second round with six-time winner Ronnie O'Sullivan. His career has spanned 19 years so far. He won his first major tournament, the Saga Insurance Masters at Wembley, in 2008. Selby is one of only six players to have won each of snooker’s triple crown events on two or more occasions. Unsurprisingly, the snooker star lives in a beautiful house in Leicester where he grew up. Of course, it boasts a snooker room for Selby and his family to enjoy. The snooker room includes a snooker table, photos, newspaper clippings and trophies, a shrine to the sport. The room also includes his own Wall of Honour with world snooker champions listed on it. Mark's house also includes an indoor swimming pool. Reportedly, the star does not know how to swim, despite this fabulous addition to his wife. He lives with his wife, Vikki Layton. They share a daughter, seven-year-old Sofia.