Chelsea have been urged by Jamie Redknapp to replace goal-shy Romelu Lukaku if they are to challenge for trophies once again. The former England star has claimed that the club needs to sign a striker in the ilk of Didier Drogba or Diego Costa if they are to return to their former glories.  Lukaku joined the Blues for a club record fee of £97.5million in the summer transfer window from Inter Milan in the hopes of dealing with the poor output in their attacking department. Timo Werner had flopped the season prior with just six league goals following a £48m move from RB Leipzig, whilst the previous big-money striker they signed was Alvaro Morata who also failed to flatter at Stamford Bridge before being shipped out. Lukaku got off to a wonderful start at Stamford Bridge, scoring three Premier League goals in his first three games to alleviate fears of goal droughts in west London. But with just two goals in his last 18 since, Thomas Tuchel's men are back to square one in their hunt for an out-and-out striker needing to replicate the goals Drogba and Costa did. And after yet another poor performance in Chelsea's 1-1 draw at Manchester United on Thursday, Redknapp believes that they need a "goalscorer" if they are to challenge Manchester City and Liverpool for the title. "I think Thomas Tuchel will think how have they not won this game," Redknapp told Sky Sports.  READ MORE: Tottenham's Eriksen return hopes boosted as midfielder makes 'preference' clear "The amount of opportunities they had on the right side. They felt Romelu Lukaku was going to be the missing piece to the jigsaw, the man who would get them 20, 25 goals to elevate them to the title race and it hasn’t worked out. Werner’s not a natural finisher. Havertz, I love his movement. "But they haven’t got that goalscorer like a Drogba or Costa who’s going to get you the 20 or 25 goals that you are going to need to win the title and that’s really where they have come up short." Lukaku joined Chelsea as an 18-year-old from Anderlecht, although he found it difficult to break past senior strikers such as Drogba, Fernando Torres and Daniel Sturridge in his time at Stamford Bridge. A move to Everton eventually saw him make his mark in the Premier League, scoring 68 league goals in just 141 games for the Toffees before a £75m move to Manchester United in 2017. Heavy criticism at United saw him move to Inter Milan just two years later, where he hit his peak with 64 goals in just 95 games and tempt the European Champions to part with almost their entire transfer budget. DON'T MISSRoy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]West Ham fans 'attack' German media after Michail Antonio goal against Frankfurt[REPORT]Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer[GOSSIP]  But with the Blues currently third in the Premier League and a huge 14 points behind leaders City, a new strategy will have to be undertaken next season if they are to get anywhere near a potential league title. And that could mean Lukaku is thrown onto the scrapheap in place of another prolific star. Tuchel's men take on relegation-threatened Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. 