Steve (played by Simon Gregson) has been taking a backseat from the drama on Coronation Street since his daughter, Emma Brooker (Alexandra Mardell), left the cobbles earlier this month. Therefore, in the coming weeks on the ITV soap, he directs his attention to Amy (Elle Mulvaney) and the fact she is in a romance with Jacob (Jack James Ryan), who used to be a drug dealer. So far, his attempts to break the pair apart haven't worked as they have seen through his plans at every opportunity he has taken to meddle with their relationship. However, what they might not see coming is Steve digging into the young man's past. The drama begins in next week's episodes as Steve tries to seem as if he is the supportive father to Amy, given he doesn't want to drive away another child. Deciding he and Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) are going to put on a united front, he makes a request of the schoolgirl. Steve asks Amy if she and Jacob would like to come around one evening to have their dinner and enjoy a game of charades. It seems the teenager will be pleased to hear her father is finally coming around to the idea of her romance with the former drug dealer. What she might not realise is this is all part of a greater plan for her father to find as much dirt as he can about his possible son in law. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry Steve knows Jacob has a murky past with drugs and this is why he has been so hellbent on trying to stop his daughter from having a relationship with him. Although the character seems to be reformed and he has turned over a new leaf, Steve could think there is more to the youngster than meets the eye. As they all get together for the games night, the father of three could start to ask questions about the teenager's past. In particular, he could ask the young man about his parents, which he knows could be a sore subject for a lot of people. Noticing Jacob becomes a lot more timid when asked this question, Steve could park it to the side for now but he knows this is something he can play on in the future. In the coming weeks, Steve could spend some more time with Jacob and realise something happened between the youngster and his own father. It has been explained in the past Jacob's father was an alcoholic and they didn't have the best of relationships when he was growing up. As he became more troubled and got involved with the drug gang, he could have developed more anger towards his father for not doing enough to protect him. During one of his visits to his father, Jacob could have realised his parent, who was addicted to drinking, was gravely ill. He would have needed medical intervention to prevent him from dying but the teenager could have decided not to do anything. DON'T MISS...Corrie’s Bill Roache admits he ‘really fancied’ Queen when they met [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT]Rula Lenska health: Star, 74, on the 'difficulty' of hearing loss [COMMENT] Instead, he would have walked away from his father, seeing his decision not to get help for him as a way of payback for his childhood of hostility and arguing in the household. As his mother would have walked out on his father when Jacob was still little, she would have had no cause to go and visit him to see what state he was in. Therefore, no one else would have gone to see the young man's father and he would have drunk himself to death as a result. Jacob could explain all of this to Steve and how he felt responsible for killing his father who he could have helped. This is a secret he wouldn't want Amy to know as Jacob wouldn't want his girlfriend to think badly of him or look at him differently. Steve could show some symptoms towards Jacob but in the back of his mind, he knows this is the ammunition he needs to ruin the teenager's relationship with Amy. Although he agreed not to say anything, when he's alone with his daughter, Steve could reveal everything about Jacob's father's death. He could also convey the secret in a way which makes it seem the young man is a killer and should not be trusted whatsoever. Despite sticking up for Jacob in the past, even Amy would know this is a step too far and she would fail to give her boyfriend time to explain himself. With the relationship at its end, there would be no point for Jacob to stick around so will Steve have been successful in his mission? Executive producer for the show, Iain MacLeod, spoke about Jacob's redemption late last year and teased the teenager's past would haunt him. In an interview with Express.co.uk and other press, the soap boss said: "Jacob is trying to redeem himself. "We discover things about how he arrived into the drug gang which will reframe people's view of him and make you see him in a slightly different light. "It's about him trying to put the past behind him and rehabilitate himself. Jacob did some heinous things, but he's mature enough to realise that he's got some amends to make." But will there be one secret he just can't escape from and will Steve be the person to expose it? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.