The Invictus Games returns this weekend having been postponed twice due to coronavirus restrictions. They will take place from April 16 to April 22 in the Hague, the Netherlands. Prince Harry founded the international sporting event six years ago to encourage wounded, injured and sick Servicemen and women to use sport as part of their rehabilitation. Over 500 competitors will be attending the games from 20 nations. They have been held four times since their debut and have helped hundreds of military personnel and veterans on their path to recovery. One former soldier once admitted he “wouldn’t be here” without the Invictus Games. David 'Scotty' Darroch spent ten years in the army, serving in Bosnia and Northern Ireland, but 18 years after leaving, he was diagnosed with depression and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). JUST IN: ‘Queen of world’ Meghan Markle fans rejoice as she shares exciting news on European return Mr Darroch told the BBC in 2016: "Sport is a massive tool for recovery and gives me that goal, that mission and that purpose and it has played a crucial role for me having suffered with a mental illness for over 20 years. "After leaving the services and no longer representing your country, this is a great chance to stand here with my country's flag on my chest to represent the country with the men and women I used to serve with.” He added: "Without watching the Invictus Games I wouldn't be here – Invictus is powerful." Mr Darroch explained that sport gave him a “mission and purpose” and played a “key role” in his recovery. He said: "I got into sport through Help for Heroes after suffering with a mental illness for over 20 years. “Using sport as that recovery mechanism to get me out of the house every day gives me that goal, that mission and purpose and it has played a key role in my recovery. "If I could reach out to anyone back home, especially someone suffering from a mental illness, I would say you can do it – I am testament to that. It took me a long time to ask for help but I'm so glad I did. “There is nothing to be ashamed of. I was inspired seeing guys taking part in sport and hopefully I can inspire others.” Mr Darroch went on to compete in the 2016 Invictus Games in Florida and the 2017 Games in Toronto. DON'T MISS: 'Self-absorbed' Meghan and Harry spark FURY with Invictus trip despite UK security row [JUST IN]Prince Harry will 'regret' his and Meghan's absence from Prince Philip's memorial service [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'shows his popularity' as interest in Invictus Games spikes after promo video [ANALYSIS] The inaugural Invictus Games were held in London in September 2014, and the Games this weekend will be the fifth. The Invictus Games The Hague 2020 was due to take place in 2020, and then last year, but was moved to avoid social distancing measures that could have negatively impacted competitors’ experiences. Harry was a principal figure in founding the games after visiting the US Warrior Games in 2013. The Duke of Sussex, who served in Afghanistan, wanted to create a platform to showcase the tenacity and talent of military personnel and veterans, who have dedicated their lives to serving and protecting their countries. Last month, he announced that he would be attending the Games, appearing in a promotional video for the event during which he practised his Dutch. He signed off with: "Thank you, see you soon in The Hague." Yesterday, it was confirmed that Harry will be joined by his wife Meghan Markle for the first few days of the Games. They made their first public appearance as a couple at the Toronto Games in 2017, they also watched the Games in Australia in 2018. The couple are expected to be followed by a Netflix documentary crew throughout the Games. The Sussexes previously announced a Netflix show about the Games, titled Heart of Invictus. A source told the Daily Mirror last week: “Meghan is excited to travel with Harry for the event, which is certainly close to his heart.” On Thursday, Harry surprised Team UK competitors at their final training camp before they travel this week to The Hague.  The Duke made a video call to members to wish them luck. He said: "For a lot of you, you've already, as far as I'm concerned, you've already won gold by just getting to this point. “The fact that you are sitting there now wearing that strip and you are able to wear the Union Jack on your arm again, that means so much to every single one of you."