Adding an alfresco outdoor rug to your garden or patio is an easy and affordable way to revamp the decor without having to spend time with costly renovations. Adding traditionally indoor accessories to your outdoor spaces, think cushions, blankets, rugs, and plush couches can help the area seem cosy and help to create a homely and welcoming space. There are plenty of rugs on the market to fit your aesthetic, whether that be a minimalist design, a tropical theme, or a colour splashed concept, there will be something for all tastes and a variety of budgets - so keep scrolling to see our top picks for 2022.  This funky, colourful outdoor rug just screams 'summer fun'. If you’re looking for an easy way to make your drizzly, drab backyard more fun - this stylish outdoor rug is the one for you. Dimensions: 47 x 70-inches Ruggale is an innovative rug brand that comes in two pieces: a sturdy, non-slip base and a light, machine washable topper - this makes it perfect for spill-prone households with children and pets. This particular outdoor rug is a timeless classic that has a beautiful floral print in soft neutral tones. The rug is super durable and machine washable, and can be used in both indoor and outdoor spaces. Dimensions: Various sizes Buy: Ruggable (from £119) The chances of us getting a proper tropical this summer are pretty slim, but that’s not to say you can’t try and bring some of those paradise vibes to your own backyard with a rug like this one. The green, leafy print not only casts your mind to some faraway beach, but it will also brighten up the living area it’s in - and may possibly have you craving a pina colada. Dimensions: 47 x 70-inches Bring Santorini to you with this Greek style rug, blue rug from Fab Hab that has been crafted from straws made up from recycled plastic, making it the perfect finishing touch to your seating area. Dimensions: 70 x 106-inches If you have a chic, muted colour theme that you would like to mirror with your rug, this cream and beige rug uses geometric designs and might be just what you’re looking for. The neutral colour palette ensures that it is a safe bet that it will match with pretty much all dining sets. Dimensions: 47 x 67-inches This simple yet classic outdoor rug uses light grey and cream to make up a diamond print that will add an extra dimension of elegance to your outdoor space. Dimensions: 63 x 87-inches This grey and silver Turkish-inspired rug mimics the appearance of an indoor rug, which adds an extra layer of cosiness and class to your outdoor set-up. Dimensions: 47 x 67-inches Make your garden feel like the Mediterranean with the geo-tile design of this rug that wouldn’t be out of place at a funky Turkish market. Dimensions: 67 x 47-inches Having a big splash of yellow in your garden will brighten up the whole space. So even on those dark and drizzly days, there will be a little something sunshine-inspired to help bring you back to sunnier moments. Dimensions: 23 x 39-inches If you live in a concrete jungle or maybe you’re just someone who loves your plants, this palm-leaf printed outdoor rug will ensure you’re never too far from some greenery. Dimensions: 47 x 67-inches A calm, neutral colour palette and modern design make this outdoor rug a perfect match for a variety of outdoor styles and flooring types. Dimensions: 47 x 67-inches Made in Turkey using a mishmash of contrasting colours, this eye-catching rug has an intense colour that will enhance your design style. Dimensions: 47 x 67-inches This neutral-coloured rug has a timeless design and colour scheme that will always be in style, so you won’t have to change up your rug to fit the season. Dimensions: 31 x 59-inches A white and cream diamond print with intense colour and woven fabric make this outdoor rug a perfect fit for anyone looking for something that will fit a modern aesthetic. Dimensions: 62 x 86-inches Add a touch of Hamptons glamour to your garden with this simple, nautical blue and white striped outdoor rug. Dimensions: 47 x 67-inches Buy: £69.99 - £189.99 (Land of Rugs) Laying this classy outdoor rug with a neutral colour palette and Turkish design is a way to make your whole garden appear more expensive while only having to invest in one big-ticket item. Dimensions: 47 x 67-inches Buy: £79.99 - £229.99 (Land of Rugs) This stunning handmade rug has a unique design that works perfectly with a neutral outdoor theme. As the rug has been handwoven, it feels like a treat for your feet and will make your outdoor area extra comfortable. If, during winter perhaps, you think it's a shame to leave such a beautiful decor piece outside where it's barely being used, you can move it inside as it works both ways. Dimensions: 100 x 140cm This large flat weave rug looks just as stylish inside as it does outside, and blends modern and classic geometric design elements that ensure it won't be going out of style any time soon. Dimensions: 160 x 230cm