Some Manchester United players are worried about Erik ten Hag taking charge and have bombarded Donny van de Beek for information, according to reports. The 24-year-old previously played under his fellow Dutchman at Ajax. And, now, they’re poised to be reunited at Old Trafford this summer. Manchester United have struck a verbal agreement with Ten Hag that will see the 52-year-old take over from Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. And, now, The Mirror say certain members of the Red Devils squad are panicking. It’s claimed worried players have started to talk with Van de Beek about Ten Hag and what his style of management is like as they prepare for his era. The 24-year-old is currently strutting his stuff at Everton, having been loaned out by Rangnick back in the January transfer window. He’s told those panicked stars that Ten Hag is demanding to play for and somebody they won’t want to ‘cross’ when he takes the job. A United source is quoted as saying: “The players have been asking Donny about ten Hag because he’s played under him before. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He told them his training sessions are on a different level to what they’ve been used to and they’ll have to run like they’ve never run before. “Donny told them he’s really intense, a perfectionist, who does one-on-one training himself with the players. “He controls every aspect of his players, including their diets. “The basic message was he’s not one to cross - it sounds like one strike and you’re out.” Ten Hag has beaten Mauricio Pochettino to the job after wowing Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in his interview. The Ajax boss made it clear that the club’s set-up needs tinkering given they’ve now gone nine years without the Premier League title. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players “He told them his training sessions are on a different level to what they’ve been used to and they’ll have to run like they’ve never run before. “Donny told them he’s really intense, a perfectionist, who does one-on-one training himself with the players. “He controls every aspect of his players, including their diets. “The basic message was he’s not one to cross - it sounds like one strike and you’re out.” Ten Hag has beaten Mauricio Pochettino to the job after wowing Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in his interview. The Ajax boss made it clear that the club’s set-up needs tinkering given they’ve now gone nine years without the Premier League title.  And Ten Hag has also taken aim at their recruitment, with over £1billion splurged since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Van de Beek is said to be hopeful he can resurrect his United career when he’s reunited with his former Ajax boss. And what ultimately happens remains to be seen. For now, United are focused on footballing matters as they look to somehow qualify for next season’s Champions League. Having won just one of their last five fixtures, they’re currently sitting in seventh in the table. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Rangnick, speaking prior to the match, was coy when quizzed on the club’s links to Ten Hag. “I don't know if it's a done deal,” said the 63-year-old, who will become a consultant at the end of the season. “My reply is the same as Erik Ten Hag's was. My focus is on the game tomorrow. “Again, we all know he is a good manager, that he has done a good job at Ajax and also at former clubs, but right now it doesn't make sense to tell you what I think about any other coach." Rangnick also had his say on protests that have been planned for both the Norwich match and their Carrington training complex. He added: "We all know that football is a game of passions and emotions and we can all understand. “I can understand the supporters being disappointed about where we stand in the table and the performance against Everton. “I still believe our supporters are one of the best, if not the best in England, as long as they do the protest in a peaceful way and as long as they still support the team in the stadium. “They have the right to express their opinion. "Emotionally I can understand them being disappointed."