Tom Parker’s death was confirmed on Wednesday, March 30, 2022 through Instagram by his wife Kelsey Hardwick. Today, his devastated friends and family attended his funeral, after which his The Wanted bandmates shared an emotional tribute on Twitter. In view of their 1.3 million followers, the musicians shared a video containing short clips of Tom’s life with them. The video featured the band’s song Gold Forever, which re-entered the charts after Tom’s tragic death. “Sleep Well Brother x," read the caption. Devastated fans of the late singer replied to the heartfelt post to also share their tributes to the late dad-of-two. Amberfootybabe said: “Beautiful! The service was beautiful, I was there outside the church to support you all. “A great send off to a beautiful man. Sending you all the love in the world. Rest easy Tom!” Triyn2 added: “It’s tragic but Tom’s positivity all the way through was inspirational. “I hope in time, for Tom’s family and friends, the grief eases a little and the wonderful moments and memories shared keep him living on for all of you.  X”  Maryfer1308 penned: “You were such a bright star that your light will still be present for many more years... “My thoughts and heart go out to all Tom's family. “You wil be always in our hearts, Tom. We love you so much.” Idkhxnnah typed: “This is a beautiful tribute to Tom’s beautiful life. DON'T MISS: 'Heartbroken' Helen Mirren breaks silence after Rio Hackford's death [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, teases fans as she flaunts legs in daring skirt [LATEST]Carol Kirkwood sets record straight on BBC Breakfast future [UPDATE] “Thank you so much for sharing this version of Gold Forever. “I’m so glad you have these memories to look back on. “I’m thinking of you all constantly & sending so much love and strength, now and forever. I hope you can feel it.” Ahead of Tom’s poignant funeral today, his wife Kelsey invited fans to join on his final journey to the church, sharing the address for people to attend from 10am. She said in an earlier statement: "Thomas Anthony Parker. There will be a private celebration of life on Wednesday 20th April. “We know many of you would like to pay your respects as well, so would love for you to join us in Petts Wood from 10am. “It would be beautiful to have everyone line the route as we head to our private service. “You are then welcome to join us outside the church for the duration where the service will be relayed on screens."