Presenter Julia Bradbury wiped away her tears while watching a clip of the moment she was reunited with her children Zephyr, Zena and Xanthe following her "brutal" operation. The 51-year-old was diagnosed with breast cancer last September and has been very open about living with the condition. The clip of the touching reunion was aired on Thursday's instalment of This Morning and it also caused presenter Holly Willoughby to well up. Sitting on the This Morning sofa with ITV hosts Holly and Phillip Schofield, Julia started getting emotional recalling the moment she cuddled her children after her operation. After the footage was aired, a tearful Holly said: "That got me." Julia, who was also triggered by the clip, added: "I can't look at that without it getting me." READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' She added: "My kids have been amazing and they have made friends with my new boob and they go, 'Mummy it doesn't feel the same.'" Julia revealed her children have asked her many questions about her cancer, with one asking if they could still hug her and another wondering whether the disease was contagious. "I never thought about either of those two things so you just don't know what is going through their mind," Julia said. "You do your best but it is a very difficult thing to navigate."  She said she delayed telling her mother about her cancer diagnosis as she did not want to worry her. Julia explained: "I knew if I told her then she would want to know what was happening next and want to live with me straight away. "I knew it would be a huge worry for her. So I wanted to get to the stage where I knew what kind of cancer it was and I knew what treatment [I needed] and I knew what my chances of recovery were going to be so I could genuinely sit down with her at that time and tell her all the information that I knew so she was not worrying along with me." The former Countryfile presenter also detailed how difficult her mastectomy was, which involved the amputation of one of her breasts.  DON'T MISS...Amanda Holden and Holly Willoughby twin in matching floral dresses [PICTURES]Holly Willoughby dishes sly dig at 'unbalanced' Piers Morgan  [LATEST]Phillip Schofield blasts Harry for 'dodging' family probe [UPDATE] She explained: “I have a silicone implant. The surgeon was able to save my own skin and nipple, which I’m very grateful for. "I said goodbye to my breast. My friend said the best advice she got from a doctor was to say goodbye to your breast. It was really helpful and cathartic." Reflecting on her surgery, Julia said: "It’s a really traumatic thing and a brutal procedure, there is no nice way to treat cancer, it’s pretty horrible.” Julia has documented her cancer journey since she was diagnosed which will be part of a documentary called Julia Bradbury: Breast Cancer and Me.  The documentary, which airs tonight [Thursday, April 28] at 9pm on ITV, follows Julia’s personal experiences, from emotional video diary entries to telling her young children about the diagnosis. She revealed: “I’ve been honest about the discovery of my lump from the very beginning because I’ve always been a campaigner for cancer. "My mother had cancer, my father had cancer, so I’ve been an ambassador for several cancer charities throughout my career and ironically I am an ambassador for ovarian cancer in the UK.” This Morning continues on weekdays at 10am on ITV. 