Liverpool hero Jamie Carragher has advised Manchester United transfer targets Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham to 'run a mile' from Old Trafford. Red Devils fans may hold out hope for a fruitful summer after the confirmed appointment of Erik ten Hag as their incoming boss, but fall-out from their turbulent season could make life difficult. Ten Hag's arrival is now officially pencilled in for this summer, and the Man Utd transfer rumour mill is already in full flow. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick stoked the flames after Tuesday's humiliating 4-0 defeat to Liverpool by urging the club to splash out on a host of new arrivals. Five senior squad members are coming to the end of their contracts including Edinson Cavani and Paul Pogba, while the likes of Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial are thought to be eyeing up new challenges elsewhere. There is a widely-held belief that a hefty number of arrivals will be needed to not only offset those exits, but to set the club back on the right path. The likes of Bellingham and Rice would undoubtedly be top of their summer hit list if money was no object. Indeed, the past few years have shown that big price-tags and wages will not stand in the way of the Red Devils, but Carragher suggests that eye-catching offers may not be enough. JUST IN: Romelu Lukaku 'may have Chelsea exit route' that comes with unwelcome gifts for new owners "There is a serious problem in and around the club when so many personnel have come and gone having failed to meet expectations," he wrote in The Telegraph, "That is the Glazers' fault. They do not have the best in class in executive roles. "It is hard to to think of any United purchase of the last nine years who has improved since arriving at Old Trafford. Even those who made an encouraging start have gone backwards. If I was Declan Rice or Jude Bellingham observing their England team-mates’ troubles - unless my motivation was a big payday - I would run a mile if United called."  JUST IN: Arsenal icon Martin Keown believes he knows Eddie Nketiah's next move after Chelsea brace Physicality and tenacity are two attributes that Ten Hag and co will undoubtedly seek to add to the United midfield if they get the chance, and the aforementioned duo would bring that in abundance. They would, however, be very expensive as West Ham boss David Moyes has warned suitors away from Rice with a £150million price-tag and Borussia Dormtund are reported to value Bellingham at more than £100m. Rice is well into his fifth season as a regular in the Hammers' midfield, and has also established himself as a key component of Gareth Southgate's England line-up. Bellingham is still just 18-years-old but already has well over 100 senior club appearances to his name and 12 senior Three Lions caps.  Carragher evidently feels as though the coveted duo may not be sucked into the prospect of going to Old Trafford which, in previous years, would have been extremely tough to resist. There are plenty of alternative options on the market who may not be tempted to 'run', however, as reports indicate that Kalvin Phillips, Aurelien Tchouameni, Yves Bissouma, Ruben Neves and John McGinn are also being monitored.