Sophie Wessex is on her second day in the Caribbean. After arriving in Saint Lucia yesterday, the Countess is now in St Vincent and the Grenadines. She arrived with Prince Edward at Argyle International Airport earlier today in a beautiful floral dress. Sophie wore a gorgeous Villamarie Bea Hanley maxi white dress decorated with orange, blue, red and green flowers. The £365 dress was ankle length and short sleeved, and her brown wedge sandals could be seen underneath. Sophie was wearing her Penelope Chilvers 'Jackie' leather sandals in tan. The Countess has owned these sandals for many years and cost £159. Sophie could also be seen wearing pink nail varnish on her toes which is a breach of royal protocol. Royal women are not supposed to wear bright or dark coloured nail varnish, with the Queen reportedly preferring clear nail varnish. Daena Borrowman, Marketing Manager at jewellerybox told Express.co.uk: "Royal women are not permitted to wear bright or dark nail paint on their fingernails. "Only nude shades, sheer whites and light pinks are allowed.  "A firm favourite of the Queen’s is Essie’s ‘Ballet Slippers’." She accessorised with a small pendant necklace and blue drop earrings to perfectly match the floral dress. Sophie also wore her gold bracelet from heritage British brand Halcyon Days. Interestingly, Kate Middleton and Sophie have both been pictured wearing the company's 'Maya' bangles, which come in a variety of colours and styles - the Duchess owns the aquamarine version, while the Countess has been spotted wearing the pearl bracelet.  The bangle is Caribbean inspired, with the description reading: "Our new Maya torque bangle has the blues. "Dive into the Caribbean with this latest blue and bejewelled twist on our classic design." The Maya bangles cost £115, and their Caribbean roots explain why Sophie chose to wear this bangle in St Vincent and the Grenadines. Halcyon Days is a very special company to the Royal Family, and is one of only 14 businesses in the world to hold all three royal warrants.  Sophie carried a Sophie Habsburg handbag which matched her dress with orange, green, red and blue colours. The Countess tied her blonde locks back in a tight bun and wore minimal makeup for the occasion. As well as a mask for coronavirus restrictions, Sophie could be seen wearing big brown sunglasses to mask the strong sun. 