During the classic episode, which was aired on ITV on Thursday afternoon, players Julia, Ryan and Matt all made it through to the final. The trio were playing The Dark Destroyer for a whopping £45,000 cash prize. Desperate to take home £15,000 each, the finalists worked together to outrun Shaun, and fans took to social media to comment on the Chaser "crumbling under pressure". Following a strong opening round, Matt played against Shaun for £4,000 and soon secured his place in the final. Julia took the brave decision to take on the Chaser for £36,000 and her risk paid off as she also made it through to the final. Ryan was also in luck and he returned to his seat after adding an extra £5,000 to the prize fund after Shaun failed to beat him. Ahead of the final contestant Margo's turn, host Bradley Walsh said: "One more for a full house, you are the last piece of the puzzle Margo." READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage Despite her best efforts and opting for the middle offer, Margo was soon sent home by Shaun and missed out on her chance to compete in the all-important final. It meant Matt, Ryan and Julia were playing for an eye-watering £45,000 and would take home £15,000 each if they were not caught by Shaun. In the final round, the team answered 20 questions correctly and were confident they would win the entire game. When Shaun's turn came around, he answered a variety of questions incorrectly and had to pass on others.  His round went from bad to worse when he failed to answer a Harry Potter related question incorrectly after agonising over it for several seconds. The contestants knew the answer and just a few moments later were declared the winners of the episode. Following their triumph, they cheered and embraced while Shaun admitted: "It was not a poor day in the office, I would say it was an unfortunate time in the office." DON'T MISS...Bradley Walsh apologises after 'cracking' part of The Chase set  [VIDEO]Richard Madeley shares dislike for The Chase's Anne Hegerty [INTERVIEW]The Chase's Anne Hegerty opens up on difficult childhood [INSIGHT] Viewers who were watching the episode at home were quick to take to Twitter during the intense final to comment on Shaun's weak performance. Kaitlyn Murphy remarked: "Disastrous final chase from the dark destroyer. #TheChase." Daz Boot added: "Shaun Wallace always crumbles under pressure #TheChase." "Just a s**t day at the office for Shaun #TheChase," Juggy Belcher commented.   Zoe said: "#TheChase Shaun is off his game again." Dein Gesicht added: "Excellent win - do think if it had been any other Chaser it would be a different story. Julia was excellent throughout especially on the pushbacks." (sic) Liz Marshall exclaimed: "Incredibly well-deserved win on #TheChase there. Shame one didn't make it but £45,000 between three without ANY of them going low. Bravo to all four of them." The Chase continues on weekdays at 5pm on ITV.  