Jurgen Klopp insists his Liverpool players must ignore Manchester United's recent form at Anfield on Tuesday night wants them to be both "angry in a good way" and "greedy" to claim all three points. The Reds are overwhelming favourites for victory just days after reaching the FA Cup final. Klopp's quadruple-chasing charges have only failed to win three of their last 21 games, during which time they have won the Carabao Cup, booked their spot in the FA Cup final, reached the Champions League semi-finals and closed in on Manchester City in the Premier League title race. They defeated City in the cup at Wembley at the weekend but know that anything but victory against United could all but end their hopes of winning the league. Three points would take them top of the league at least until Pep Guardiola's City face Brighton on Wednesday night. And while United have only won two of their last eight across all competitions, and have only managed away wins against teams in the bottom half of the table under Ralf Rangnick, Klopp is wary. He insists his side have to be right on their game to beat their arch-rivals, who they defeated 5-0 at Old Trafford back in October, and says they have too much quality not to hurt Liverpool if they do not approach the game correctly. MUST READ: Arsenal too weak, Utd too late, Spurs ready to pounce - PL Talking Points "We have to be in the right mood, the people [fans] have to be in right mood to really be ready to fight for the three points," Klopp declared. "There are times when you have better moments than other teams then you get a knock and that’s it with the better moment. Who cares. "They want the three points we need. That's that attitude we have to show. We have to be angry in a good way, greedy all these kind of things, like you are if you have won nothing and would be with nil points and it’s the most important three points in your life. "That's the attitude we need for this game. Otherwise the quality is too high, they [United] are too good for not being in that mood. We don't face the team who has problems, we face Manchester United. That's what we have to prepare for, not what happened last week or something like that." Klopp labelled it "a massive game" between "the two biggest clubs in the world" and will need his players to perform to the peak of their powers under the Anfield lights. One player struggling to rediscover his best performances right now, however, is winger Mohamed Salah. He was arguably the best player in the world on form before the African Cup of Nations. DON'T MISS...Man Utd furious at Premier League over new date for Chelsea clashChelsea ace Ruben Loftus-Cheek joins Mount in firing Liverpool warningArsenal chief Edu given three reasons to make a bid for Douglas Luiz Yet the Egyptian has not scored a goal in open play in any of his last 11 matches across all competitions. However, Klopp is not concerned. He said: "It is a completely normal spell that Mo is going through. We spoke about all the physical demands he faced in the last few months. So, it is completely normal. "I liked the game against City a lot, he played a really, really good football game. It is only a question of time when he will score as well. The moment will definitely come. I am really happy with the performance he showed a few days ago. We had plenty of talks over the time we worked now together but in this specific moment there is no need for it."