Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has refused to follow Christian Horner's beliefs over the new financial cap imposed on new engine developers entering the sport in 2026, with the Austrian claiming there are "much bigger topics to discuss" if the sport is to progress.  After Honda announced they were stopping their involvement - a blow to Red Bull as they currently supply their engines - it became apparent Red Bull were in the process of becoming independent. There were plans in place for Honda to leave at the end of the 2021 season, but the pandemic allowed an extra year whilst their construction factory was built. Red Bull Powertrains will take over as engine supplier in the coming years, when Audi and Porsche are set to join the ranks. But Horner complained that the rules would be unfair with newcomers receiving around £3.5million more than currently existing teams. However, Wolff berated his comments, claiming there are more pressing issues at the moment if the sport is to progress. “It’s not clear yet who actually enters as a power unit supplier and who declares themselves as newcomers,” said Wolff.  “It could well be there are three companies from the same group that are entering as newcomers. The picture is still very unclear and whether $15m CapEx is enough or not enough, there are much bigger topics we need to agree on – which we haven’t.” His comments were made after Horner profusely complained about the situation. “I think the framework that actually exists within the power unit regulations is reasonable from a newcomer status perspective, which obviously Red Bull Powertrains will be for 2026,” Horner told The Race. “It’s a modest, I think, $10million in the first two years and $5million in the third year as an allowance for a newcomer.” Mercedes pipped Red Bull to the Constructors' Championship last year, winning in the final race in Abu Dhabi.  But they are miles off the pace this term, currently 39 points behind Ferrari in second. George Russell is second, although Lewis Hamilton is languishing in fifth. 