Camilla looked ravishing this evening as she stepped out for her latest royal engagement. The Duchess met with members of the National Theatre in London for the first time since becoming royal patron. The 74-year-old looked “beautiful”, according to royal fans, in a dark grey skirt suit and a blue silk scarf. Camilla wore a dark grey jacket with long sleeves and buttons, decorated with subtle white pinstripes. Her skirt, which was slightly pleated at the hem in a peplum-style, matched the jacket. Camilla paired this skirt suit with black tights and shiny black court shoes. As for accessories, she donned a silver brooch in a shape of a star and studded with diamonds. She also wore a pair of dangling pearl earrings. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Easiest’ way to remove mould from washing machine seals On arrival at the theatre, Camilla was seen wearing a silk blue scarf, tucked underneath her jacket’s collar. The scarf featured different hues of blue, including navy blue. This navy matched the Duchess’ on-trend Chanel bag, which was quilted and square-shaped. The bag had a tiny handle, and the Chanel logo was printed on its front. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress [PICTURES]Weight loss: How to burn 3,000 calories without exercising [EXPERT]Lawn care: ‘Easy’ and natural way to get rid of weeds - 'Just 3 steps' [GUIDE] Camilla wore her usual gold bracelets, including her blue Van Cleef and Arpels bracelet. This bracelet is a thin gold chain featuring blue-coloured pendants in the shapes of clovers. The Duchess also donned her three-stone diamond engagement ring. The platinum Art Deco design features a five-carat emerald-cut diamond at its centre, with additional baguettes on the sides. Although it wasn’t her engagement ring, this ring was seen on the Queen Mother’s finger on many occasions during the 1980s. It is believed to be a piece passed on from one generation to the next, with the Queen Mother being given it in 1929. According to leading jewellery expert Max Stone from Steven Stone jewellers, Camilla’s engagement ring is estimated to be worth £212,500 on today’s market. While that is a considerable sum, compared to Princess Diana’s engagement ring – valued at £390,000 and worn by Kate Middleton – it’s not the most expensive ring in the Royal Family’s collection. Max said: “The style of Camilla’s ring is completely different to Princess Diana’s. “Camilla’s three-stone diamond ring is traditional, while Diana’s sapphire ring is bold, and broke royal tradition at the time. “Camilla’s ring once would have had a stronger connection to the Royal Family as it’s been passed down from the Queen Mother. “However, now as Kate Middleton has inherited Diana’s ring, it’s become a new royal heirloom in its own right.” Royal fans were quick to comment on Camilla’s outfit today, praising the Duchess for her look. Instagram user @jindrakrbilkova said: “Beautiful lady.” User @bianchini_dani agreed. They said: “Beautiful picture.” User @mutedlyblessed added: “So gorgeous.”