On Thursday's The One Show, BBC hosts Alex Jones and Ronan Keating welcomed comedians Rob and Romesh and Bonnie Langsford onto the show. However, when it came to speaking about their latest projects, things took an unexpected turn and poor Ronan and Alex were unsure how to react to the chaos. The duo began by chatting about their latest show which sees them team up with the World's Strongest Man, Eddie Hall. Things seemed to be going well as Rob explained what the show was about. However, after Alex and Ronan shared a clip of the comedian singing, the segment turned into chaos. Ronan asked theatre legend, Bonnie, what she thought of Rob's vocal ability and she replied: "I think you need to think about your tuning a little bit." READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' The singer went on to point out how good Rob was in the remake of Cinderella, where he starred alongside pop star Camila Cabello. "You were in a musical anyway," she continued. "You were in the Cinderella musical." "I was in a Hollywood film," Rob interrupted. "Thanks for that." As the trio began talking over each other, Romesh chipped in: "Thanks, Bonnie I was also in that film."  As he repeated himself, Rob hit back: "He was a mouse, it doesn't really count, does it?" "I was with Camila Cabello," Rob shouted as Romesh raged: "So was I." "Bonnie, if your bigging someone up, do your research, both of us were in the film," Romesh argued. "How did you get to be a legend without watching the whole film?" DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [VIDEO]Sharon Osbourne forced to miss The Talk as Ozzy falls ill  [NEWS]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [INSIGHT] Viewers were less than impressed by the segment and many took to social media to share their frustrations. Many accused Rob and Romesh of "screaming over each other". Catherine N penned: "#TheOneShow appears to be five people screaming incoherently over each other. Time for a bath." Shirley fumed: "Can The One Show explain how we are meant to understand what is being said when three people are talking at once. Chaos. I turned sound off." Yvonne raged: "#TheOneShow what a bloody racket... turned over." While Alan Reilly added: "Two hosts cannot keep guests under control, way too noisy, not taking turns! #theoneshow." "Sounds like an argument in a really noisy bar," Alfred Dewsbury tweeted. Andy Berry said: "Dear god that was all a bit unnecessary. Had to reach for the volume." (sic) However, some viewers were loving the chaos as Forest Morgan praised: "The chaotic energy of Rob and Romesh on #TheOneShow is quality." "Put #theoneshow on to see @robbeckettcomic & @RomeshRanga I'm crying laughing," Emma commented. The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.