Government backed NS&I announces two new £1million jackpot prize draw winners every month, with many more people winning prizes from £25 upwards. While every bond has the same chance of winning, some UK regions appear to have been luckier than others. Premium Bonds are a form of savings account which people can put money into and take out when they need to. They have been popular since they were first introduced in the 1950s because they offer Britons the chance to win cash prizes between £25 and £1million. The winners are drawn every month, so the next millionaires will be announced on May 2. To take part in the monthly prize draw, all people have to do is buy one Bond worth £25. READ MORE: Council tax: When can you expect a £150 refund?  While all bond numbers have the same chance of winning, some regions have proved luckier than others over the years. In 2020, the South West outshone other UK regions boasting six winners of the £1million jackpot. This region scooped 25 percent of the £1million jackpot prizes even though residents owned just 12.9 percent of bonds to start with. Six people from this UK region won the £1million jackpot in March, May, August and September, as well as in December and November. DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis warns there's just two days left to get free £175 [WARNING]Santander urges customer to 'be wary' of heartbreaking scam [ALERT]Gold, Bitcoin, euro and US shares CRASH on World War 3 fears [WARNING] After the South West, residents in the South East of the UK were the next luckiest. This region celebrated four Premium Bonds millionaires, 16.6 percent of the total. This was despite the fact that they owned the most Premium Bonds, 20.7 percent, according to figures from NS&I. In joint third place was Scotland and Yorkshire & Humberside, both producing three millionaires each. While the statistics appear to show that some areas are luckier, another theory is bonds bought closer to the draw are more likely to win. This has been disputed by NS&I which states that each bond has an equal chance of winning - no matter when, or where, it was bought. However, it did clear up why this seems to be the case. On its website, NS&I said: “Each £1 Bond number has an equal chance of winning, regardless of when or where it was bought." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It continued: “Over 95 percent of eligible Premium Bonds have been bought since the year 2000. “So even though Premium Bonds have been on sale for over 60 years, this is why newer Bonds seem to win more frequently.” Meanwhile, more than £74million is still waiting in previous NS&I Premium Bonds, yet there’s no time limit to claiming. People can check past bond numbers on the NS&I prize checker website. 