The ‘Jim'll Fix It’ star, who died in 2011, is believed to have abused around 500 children and women during his life. The disgraced DJ and presenter’s shocking crimes, some of which took place at hospitals and the BBC's broadcasting studios, were widely exposed after his death. Now, a new Netflix documentary has explored the influence the paedophile wielded at the top of British society, including in the Royal Family. The Duke of York was filmed saying how the disaster of the Frankfurt-to-Detroit flight was “much worse for the Americans”. He added: “I suppose statistically something like this has got to happen at some stage on a town. “Of course, it only affects the community in a very small way.” The year after Andrew’s comments, Savile reportedly sent his own public relations guide to Charles, which he titled ‘Guidelines for members of the Royal Family and their staffs’. In the handwritten five-page document, the entertainer outlined some of his main points about how the royals should respond to a crisis. He wrote: “There must be an ‘incident room’ with several independent phone lines, teletext etc. “The Queen should be informed in advance of any proposed action by Family members.” Savile said this special unit should be managed by “a special person with considerable experience in such matters”. He claimed this was his field of expertise, adding: “I get into St James Palace and Buckingham Palace on a regular basis.” Charles allegedly penned his own response to Savile in a letter written on January 27, 1989. DON'T MISS: Queen Jubilee 2022 dates: The four-day bank holiday schedule in full [LATEST]Royal POLL: Do you think William and Kate should move closer to the Queen? [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have 'no room to heal' relationship with Royal Family [ANALYSIS] The letter attributed to the future king in the Netflix film suggests the Queen and Prince Philip had been privy to Savile’s advice. It read: “I attach a copy of my memo on disasters which incorporates your points and which I showed to my father. He showed it to H.M.” Speaking in the documentary, Ms Bellamy outlined the significance of the letters. She said: “A month after the Lockerbie disaster, this is Jimmy giving PR advice to the Royal Family about how to react publicly when there is a major incident in Britain.” The documentary claims that in another letter in 1987, Charles praised Jimmy’s knowledge of how to interact with the public. The letter read: “I so want to get to parts of the country that others don’t meet. “What I really need is a list of suggestions from you. “Perhaps I am wrong, but you are the bloke who knows what’s going on.” ‘Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story’ is available on Netflix.