Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel faces a daunting team selection against Real Madrid on Tuesday as the Blues aim to pull back a two-goal deficit at the Bernabeu. Romelu Lukaku is set to miss the tie through injury but that does not necessarily mean that Timo Werner will get the nod, despite scoring twice last time out against Southampton. Edouard Mendy was directly at fault for Karim Benzema's third goal when Los Blancos won 3-1 at Stamford Bridge last week. The Senegalese stopper may be feeling more pressure than usual since joining the Blues in 2020, particularly with back-up option Kepa Arrizabalaga carrying himself well when called upon this season. Still, a bump in the road is unlikely to see Tuchel make a hasty change between the sticks and Mendy has proven himself to be a capable and reliable shot-stopper who, ultimately, was integral to their Champions League triumph last term. JUST IN: Garth Crooks launches attack on 'pompous' and 'flamboyant' Mike Dean ahead of retirement The right side of Tuchel's defence could be his toughest decision of all on Tuesday night after acknowledging his tactical mishap in the first leg. Indeed, electric Brazilian winger Vinicius Jr ran Andreas Christensen ragged, which could present an opportunity for the more athletic Trevoh Chalobah to slot in at right centre-back. Cesar Azpilicueta could play on either flank if Tuchel is ultra-cautious about staving off the threat of Real, but Reece James and Marcos Alonso would be the natural pairing to go with given the two-goal deficit which the Blues must make up. Thiago Silva and Antonio Rudiger, meanwhile, are virtually indispensable. DON'T MISS...Arsenal star Ben White targeted by sly Brighton dig after shock victoryMan City 'missed chance to win league vs Liverpool' claims Man Utd hero Gary NevilleChelsea boss Tuchel highlights Christensen error for Xavi to avoid It remains a big decision whenever Jorginho is left out of the side after finishing third in last season's Ballon d'Or voting, but Mateo Kovacic certainly brings more to the table in attack. He also spent four years on Madrid's books which could give him some inside knowledge on how to turn the tide against Carlo Ancelotti's men. Alongside the Croatian, N'Golo Kante's relentless engine could be crucial to establishing dominance in the midfield. Tuchel is blessed with capable options from the bench too with Jorginho, Saul Niguez and Ruben Loftus-Cheek all capable of making an impact. Kai Havertz has proven himself to be Tuchel's most consistently reliable option through the middle, and after netting against Southampton his spot in the side is presumed safe. The same goes for Mason Mount who scored twice against the Saints to take this season's goal tally into double figures. Christian Pulisic versus Hakim Ziyech on the opposing flank remains a tough call as both emerged from the bench on Saturday, but the former may edge into the team thanks to his direct goal threat. Werner scored twice against Southampton but Tuchel was hesitant to shower him with too much praise amid another goal-shy campaign, suggesting that he may not be entrusted to claw back the deficit in Madrid despite Lukaku's injury absence given his ability to miss multiple chances. Chelsea will need to be clinical to make the semi-finals.