Author Tina Brown claimed Camilla made "festive escapes from "royal dullness" to her Wiltshire bolthole in the early 2000s. Here, Ms Brown notes, the Duchess "could loll around" and enjoy a cigarette without "furtively smoking up the chimney", which it is claimed she did when Charles was at home. Camilla would also have "raucous dinners" with her now-adult children, food critic Tom Parker Bowles and curator Laura Lopes (née Parker Bowles), it is claimed. Ms Brown shares the apparent insight into the private lives of the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall in her book about the House of Windsor, The Palace Papers. The royal author explains how by the spring of 2004, Camilla and Charles were ensconced at Clarence House with the Duchess divorced from her first husband Andrew Parker Bowles for nine years by that time and Diana, Princess of Wales dead for six. A year later, in February 2005, Charles and Camilla announced their engagement 35 years after they first met.  They married in a civil ceremony at Windsor Guildhall in April with Prince William acting as best man. Queen Elizabeth II did not attend the wedding but did go to the reception. Camilla gained the title Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Cornwall, in order for Diana to remain the only Princess of Wales. In 2010, there was uproar when the Queen's heir told an interviewer "That could be" when asked if Camilla could become Queen when Charles assumed the throne. Buckingham Palace responded by saying that there would be no change and Camilla would be known as Princess Consort, as planned.  READ MORE ABOUT RAF JETS SCRAMBLED OVER SCOTLAND However, in February, the Monarch endorsed Camilla as a future Queen Consort as she marked her Platinum Jubilee in an apparent sign of the faith Her Majesty has in her daughter-in-law. It came more than two decades after Camilla met the Queen for the first time since her relationship with Charles was made public. The sovereign and Camilla met at the 60th birthday party of the former King of Greece, Constantine II, in 2000. Their meeting was seen as an apparent seal of approval by the Queen for Charles and Camilla's relationship. Although Camilla maintained her residence, Ray Mill House, near Lacock, Wiltshire, she moved into Charles's household and official residence Clarence House.  DON'T MISS: Scottish voters handed 'golden opportunity' to kick SNP out [LATEST] Massive US Air Force jet spotted over Scotland [REVEALED] London's Blackheath sees 'serious disorder' - Parents issued warning [REPORT] By 2004, Camilla was accompanying Charles on almost all his official events, including a high-profile visit to the highland games in Scotland. This week the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall will attend the Royal Maundy service representing the Queen, who will miss the event. Charles and Camilla will join the congregation at St George's Chapel in the grounds of Windsor Castle, for the annual service considered an important fixture in the royal calendar. Buckingham Palace announced on Friday the head of state would not be taking part and the prince would fulfil the ancient duty of distributing Maundy money to community stalwarts. It is understood the Queen, who has been experiencing mobility issues, was unable to commit to the event and so the heir to the throne was asked to step in.  A member of the royal family has stood in for the Queen at the Royal Maundy service on four past occasions. The last time was in 1970 when the Queen Mother distributed the Maundy money on behalf of her daughter who was on tour in New Zealand. When Charles and Camilla arrive at the chapel they will be welcomed by the Dean of Windsor, the Right Reverend David Conner, who gave the address at Philip's memorial service. Following tradition, they will be presented with nosegays - sweet-smelling bouquets - which in centuries past were used to ward off unpleasant smells. For the last two years, the service has not been held due to the pandemic and instead the Queen wrote to recipients of Maundy money, sent the coins by post, to thank them for the community work which earned them their nominations.  This year Charles will distribute the Maundy coins to 96 men and 96 women - as the Queen will be 96 this year, celebrating her birthday on April 21. Each recipient receives two purses, one red and one white. The white purse is filled with uniquely minted Maundy money - silver 10p and 3p pieces - to the value of 96 pence. In the red pouch is a £5 coin and a 50p coin portraying the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Both coins have been newly minted this year. 