The toddler, who was the couple's first child together, will celebrate his third birthday on May 6. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were torn over two names for their son before deciding on Archie Harrison, along with the Royal Family's official surname Mountbatten-Windsor. But in a surprise admission, Meghan Markle has admitted she and Prince Harry were unsure over names, with more than one under consideration. Both liked the names Archie and Harrison, but couldn't decide which should be his first name and which to use as his middle name. During a reading session for children at the Invictus Games in The Hague, Meghan reportedly told another parent who brought her son, named Harrison, to the event that she and the Duke were torn over the two names. Nursing officer Sherry McBain said of her wife's conversation with the duchess: "Meghan was like 'Harrison, that's Archie's middle name,' and Mandy was like 'Yeah, I know'. "They were just having a chat because Harry and Meghan couldn’t decide between Archie and Harrison for the first name." Meghan and Harry welcomed their baby boy on May 6, 2019, naming him Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex decided not to give him a royal title to provide him with as much chance as possible to have a normal upbringing in the US, were they now live. Despite this, Archie could still be considered a price one day in the future. The youngster made his royal tour debut in September 2019 - despite being just a few months old at the time. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry unlikely to 'toe royal line' after Megxit He is now the big brother in their family, after Meghan and Harry welcomed daughter Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor to the world on June 4, 2021. At the Invictus Games over the weekend, Harry explained the one wish he wants for his children's futures. He told Kindercorrespondent reporters: "To grow up in a better world. To grow up in a fairer world, a safer world, a more equal world. "It's not going to be easy, but I will never, ever, ever rest until I as a parent have at least tried to make the world a better place for them. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle ‘had no intention of staying’ in Royal Family — expert [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan sent 'message' to Brits: 'Don't care what we think' [COMMENTS]Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry return to UK for Platinum Jubilee? [POLL]  "Because it is our responsibility that the world is the way that it is now. "I don't think we should be bringing children into the world unless we are going to make that commitment to make it better for them." While addressing an audience at the Invictus Games on Saturday, Harry revealed Archie undecided over whether he wants to be an astronaut or pilot. But he then added the youngster is also influenced by the children’s TV show The Octonauts and that some days, Archie wants to be “Kwazii from Octonauts”. The character is an animated orange cat who is known for his adventures exploring the sea on the TV show Harry said in a video of the speech shared by royal reporter Omid Scobie: “When I talk to my son Archie about what he wants to be when he grows up, some days it’s an astronaut... a pilot... or Kwazii from Octonauts." He added: “If you’re laughing, then you’ve seen it.”