Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo has been accused of leaving a 14-year-old "bruised" after smashing an Everton fan's phone at the end of the game at Goodison Park on Saturday. United players were visibly frustrated as they walked down the tunnel after their 1-0 loss to Everton yesterday. But Ronaldo appeared to overstep the mark as he was seen grabbing a fan's phone and smashing it to the floor. The boy's mum, Sarah Kelly, has now spoken out on the incident which left young Jake Harding "really upset". She told the Liverpool Echo: "At full-time the Man United players started walking off. We were in the Park End so we were right by the tunnel where they came walking past - my son was there videoing them all. "He filmed all the United players walking through. And then he lowered his phone because Ronaldo had pulled down his sock and his leg was bleeding. He lowered his phone to see what it was - he didn’t even speak. Ronaldo then just walked past, with a terrible, terrible temper and smashed the phone out of my son’s hand and carried on walking." JUST IN: Erik ten Hag gets angry at reporter for Man Utd questions  She added: "You can see by the bruise that he’s made contact. I just can’t believe I’m talking about it." Sarah went on to say that she was left "crying" while her son, Jake Harding, who is autistic and has dyspraxia, was in "complete shock". "He’s really upset about it and it’s completely put him off going to the game again," she said. "This is the first football game he’s been to and this has happened. DON'T MISS  Sarah added: "He’s an autistic boy and he’s been assaulted by a football player, that’s how I see it as a mum." Ronaldo took to social media late on Saturday night to issue an apology and regrets his actions. "It’s never easy to deal with emotions in difficult moments such as the one we are facing," he wrote on Instagram. "Nevertheless, we always have to be respectful, patient and set the example for all the youngsters who love the beautiful game. "I would like to apologize for my outburst and, if possible, I would like to invite this supporter to watch a game at Old Trafford as a sign of fair-play and sportsmanship."