Buckingham Palace did not provide an explanation for the late postponement but admitted that it came after consultation with the Government of Grenada and on the advice of the Governor-General. The postponement came just days after the National Reparations Committee wrote to Governor-General Dame Cecile La Grenade requesting a meeting with the Earl and Countess to discuss matters specific to the work of the Committee. Arley Gill, chairman of the committee, said: “Yes, we wrote requesting an audience. We are awaiting a response and now we are learning that the trip is postponed. I don’t know what is the reason behind this postponement but I believe that our request played a role". Research by the Bank of England recently revealed that it once owned as many as 599 slaves on two estates in Grenada. Mr Gill said the recent evaluation didn't speak well for the royal visit. The planned visit by Prince Edward and Sophie was postponed just one day before the couple embark on their six-day platinum jubilee tour of the Caribbean. It also comes just weeks after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's controversial trip to Jamaica. Edward and Sophie will begin their tour on Friday, and were initially scheduled to visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines from 22-28 April. When announcing that Grenada was dropped from the itinerary, Buckingham Palace said the couple hoped to visit at a later date. READ MORE: Prince Harry takes ‘direct shot’ at Palace to protect Meghan The suggestion to postpone was made by Grenada after advice from the governor general, who is the Queen’s representative on the island. It is understood it followed discussions between the palace and the host Caribbean countries over the couple’s itinerary. Part of the process was to ensure is understood to have been to ensure the Queen's Platinum Jubilee would be honoured. It is believed during those talks that the postponement was then suggested. The "mutual agreement" was also reportedly formed to avoid “PR mistakes” following criticism levied at the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s tour of Jamaica, Belize and the Bahamas. DON'T MISS: Sophie and Edward face royal tour torment after reparations demand [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry NOT welcome back in UK: ‘NO, NO, NO!’ – POLL [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan makes brutal Meghan Markle and President Putin comparison [COMMENT]  While on their royal tour last month, Prince William and Kate met with the Jamaica Prime Minister Andrew Holness, who told them that his country was looking to a future without the monarchy. Grenada gained independence in 1974 and the Queen remains head of state. Its centre-left opposition party, the National Democratic Congress, previously said it would put the question of the removal of the Queen as head of state to the people in a referendum on constitutional change if it came to power. Edward and Sophie will still head off on their tour on Friday and will visit Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Antigua and Barbuda.    