Kate Middleton and Prince William recently went on a royal tour to the Caribbean, where they experienced some public backlash due to the optics of the trip. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas. They received some criticism for colonial imagery on the trip.  They were even told by the Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness that they wish to one day become a republic like Barbados did last year. Prince Edward and the Countess of Wessex will undergo a similar trip to the Caribbean today. The couple will return next week, on April 28, after they are done representing the Queen for her Platinum Jubilee. The Wessexes will visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines. READ MORE: Sophie and Edward urged to take steps not to 'look anachronistic' But how will their royal tour to the Caribbean compare with Kate and William’s? Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk comparing Kate and William on their Caribbean tour with previous images of Sophie and Edward on tour. She said: “They might lack some of the A-list sparkle of the glamorous, elegant and pitch-perfect Cambridges. “However, Sophie and Edward are nothing like a royal ‘B-list’ replacement for the Queen and her eldest grandchild when it comes to going on tour,” the expert claimed. Judi added: “It’s a shame we haven’t seen more of Sophie and Edward’s tours and their global charisma as they are very capable of dazzling in their own right, albeit in a subtler and perhaps more surprising way than the Cambridges. “With Kate’s catwalk styling and perfect smile and William’s ability to look tall and dashing in uniform, the bar is set high for the Cambridges in terms of their appearances. “On their recent tour there was little to fault in their appearance but that in itself became the problem at times. “Their ‘moments’ veered towards old-school royalty, a hark-back to when people turned out to wave and admire royals for their status and their specialness. “Of course they also showed their fun, casual and competitive side but it was the more formal appearances that looked sadly out of date, with their echoes of the past." How will Edward and Sophie compare in the Caribbean? Judi continued: “Edward and Sophie’s body language and styling tends to look more accessible via the lack of dazzle and status signals. “Edward’s body language can look endearingly bashful a lot of the time, while Sophie has the talent for hands-on engagement that looks underpinned by a sense of direction in terms of her global causes.  “Like William and Kate, the couple can also be an exciting watch in terms of their sweet PDAs and signs of affection. “It has to be said that Sophie can also surprise with moments of glamour herself, especially in her solo poses, which can be jaw-dropping. “People probably expect less from this royal couple, which lends them the element of surprise. “Meanwhile their years of experience watching what doesn’t work for the royals could also give them an edge when it comes to avoiding controversy.” 