The Baby comes from the producers of Chernobyl and Landscapers, starring The Duchess actress Michelle De Swarte. But what else is there to know about this Sky Atlantic and HBO comedy? Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about The Baby so far. The Baby sees Natasha (played by Michelle De Swarte) starting to compare her life to that of her close friends who are having babies. She doesn't have any interest in having a family but the 38-year-old woman finds herself feeling out of the loop and unhappy. Natasha goes away for a few days by the beach but late one night when she leaves her caravan, a baby literally falls into her arms. With the police unwilling to help, Natasha is lumbered with a baby she doesn't want. READ MORE: The Kardashians fans brand reboot 'weird' as they return without Rob But this is no ordinary baby as she soon finds out that it has controlling and deadly powers. Wherever she goes with the infant, Natasha begins to notice people are getting hurt and is frightened at what they are going to do next. She makes desperate attempts to get rid of it but the baby just doesn't want to let her go. Where did the child come from and what will Natasha be able to do to get her life back? Starring in the lead role of Natasha is actress Michelle De Swarte who starred as Bev alongside Katherine Ryan in the Netflix comedy The Duchess. She has also appeared on Free Speech, Comedy Lab and I’m a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! NOW!. Wrecked actress Amber Grappy plays Natasha's younger sister Bobbi who is desperate for a baby. While Holby City and The Honourable Woman star Amira Ghazalla is Mrs Eaves, a 70-year-old woman who mysteriously appears whenever the baby is nearby. DON'T MISS...Bloods season 2 cast: Who is joining the new season? [CAST]Frayed's Sarah Kendall details how Princess Diana inspired her outfits [EXPLAINER]David Jason details 'scary' Only Fools and Horses stunt [VIDEO] The Baby will be released on Sky Atlantic in the UK and HBO in America. When it does come out, the dark comedy is going to consist of eight episodes in total. As the series is a Sky production, viewers will also be able to watch it on the streaming service NOW. You must be a subscriber to access NOW content, with an Entertainment Pass priced at £9.99 per month. As of yet, there is no release date for The Baby for either Sky Atlantic or HBO. But it is believed that the dark comedy will be released in the coming month. Until then, viewers have the trailer to enjoy which gives a sneak peek at what's to come. The Baby will premiere sometime in the summer of 2022.