Kevin O’Toole, deputy chief executive of Manchester airport, said the next four to six weeks would be a “difficult period” for the airport. Some passengers could face queues of 40 to 60 minutes. However, Mr O’Toole said the chaotic scenes last weekend, where some passengers missed flights, was an “isolated incident”. He warned passengers to prepare for long waits and arrive with three hours to spare for Easter flights.  He said: “We want to protect the full flying schedule. We want to make sure that after two years of people not getting away, those trips that they’ve booked, they can take them. “That unfortunately does mean on occasion there will be queues which are not acceptable, they’re not what we’re aiming for. READ MORE: P&O Ferries cancels all trips this weekend “But the compromise between having that situation or cancelling lots of flights for people - which other airports have done in recent weeks- we believe people would prefer to accept a queue and make sure they get away.” Heathrow, Gatwick and Birmingham airports have also been hit by cancellations and delays. Both easyJet and British Airways have cancelled passenger flights in recent days to destinations such as Milan and Larnaca. The chief of the Civil Aviation Authority, Richard Moriarty, has written to airlines to ask that disruption is kept to a minimum. He said that late notice cancellations and delays were distressing for passengers heading off on holidays. For many tourists, it may be the first time they have tried to leave the country since before the pandemic. Transport secretary, Grant Shapps, said he was “very concerned” about the level of disruption at Easter. He said travel operators must work harder to make sure people travelling can get away as “smoothly as possibly”. Despite the CAA’s intervention, some critics said the action was too little too late for the British public. Rory Boland, editor of Which? Travel said: “Unfortunately, this intervention comes too late and may make little difference for the tens of thousands of would-be passengers whose flights are being cancelled at short notice. “Some airlines have left themselves woefully understaffed to cope with the rebound in travel and it is unfair that individuals and families are made to pay the price with lost holidays and money wasted on travel and other expenses at airports. “Travellers are enduring yet another holiday season in which their legal rights are being ignored by their airlines. “We know that some carriers are failing to tell people about their rights around rerouting and compensation, and this reinforces why the regulator must be given stronger powers so it can take effective action when rules have been broken.” Most of the issues at UK airports have been caused by staff shortages which have been exacerbated by Covid. Mr O’Toole said that 220 new staff had been recruited recently and are currently being trained. It can take a long time to recruit new staff for airline positions due to the high security clearance needed.