The Chancellor’s Spring Statement late last moth appeared to garner more attention than would usually be expected of a “mini budget”, with concerns over rising costs putting economist at the top of the agenda. He was widely viewed as having done little to extinguish these fears, with even the more Tory-leaning newspapers warning the country is now heading for the “worst fall in living standards since the 1950s”. Many were quick to point to Britain’s withdrawal from the EU to explain current rises. The Observer, for example, recently branded Brexit “the great unacknowledged economic dampener”, while the National claimed Brexit makes the crisis worse as UK exports to the EU “plunged” and former Deputy Prime Minister Michael Heseltine warned this has led to “growing inflation, rising interest rates and falling living standards”. For Julian Jessop, however, the claim is “cobblers”. On the point of consumer prices, he highlighted “the inconvenient truth is that inflation is just as high in the rest of Europe”. The latest figures on TradingEconomics show inflation reached 6.2 percent in February. The average figure across the eurozone in March was an all-time high of 7.5 percent, this being well above forecasts of 6.6 percent. In some EU countries, the figure was much higher still. Preliminary figures suggest in Belgium, inflation has hit 9.3 percent. READ MORE: Boris in desperate bid to save leadership Mr Jessop, writing in the Telegraph, noted the UK’s figure “will inevitably rise further” to around seven percent in March, and even more beyond that. But he added: “The idea that ‘Brexit Britain’ is some sort of outlier is just nonsense.” Given rising inflation is being suffered on a global, rather than a national scale, the independent economist noted “the usual suspects” have had to “fall back” on the idea Britain’s cost crisis has been caused by the Government doing less than the rest of Europe to protect people against higher prices. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] He noted that while different countries have, naturally, acted differently, “the UK Government is deploying all of these tools [deployed by the EU to protect consumers and businesses], in some form”. Mr Jessop conceded Rishi Sunak “could, and probably should, have gone further” with his latest economic announcements. But he added plenty of appropriate measures were still taken that did not require dictation from Brussels. In many ways, the economist stressed Britain should actually “weather the coming storm much better than the EU economies”. He wrote the UK economy “had greater positive momentum at the start of the year” – this being “despite the Brexit drag on trade” – and is also “less exposed to the fallout from the Russian invasion of Ukraine”. This is due to the country’s links with Moscow being relatively limited compared to that of the EU, though it is still expected sanctions imposed by the Government will cause damage at home. Mr Jessop suggested the Government deserves “at least some credit” for the country’s performance, which has not, despite some claims, been overly dampened by Brexit.