French tennis star Jo-Wilfried Tsonga has announced that he will retire after this year’s French Open. The former World No.5 will compete at the iconic clay-court Grand Slam for the 15th and final time as a professional player. Tsonga played doubles at Roland Garros in 2002 and 2003 before he made his singles bow in 2005, and he has reached the singles semi-finals on two occasions. He is also a two-time Wimbledon semi-finalist, a 2008 Australian Open finalist and a three-time ATP Finals competitor. “It is with great emotion that I announce today my decision to stop my professional career at the next French Open,” Tsonga wrote on Twitter. “So many incredible moments, so much joy shared with a public that gave me a lot. Hoping for one last thrill with you!” Tsonga will go down as one of France’s greatest players, and he possesses the second-highest winning percentage in tour-level matches among French stars, with his 66.5% trailing only Yannick Noah (69.6%). The 36-year-old is an 18-time tour-level champion, with 467 match wins. READ MORE: Federer named 'artist' by O'Sullivan in Nadal and Djokovic comparison He announced his decision in an intimate video, where he spoke alongside his wife. Tsonga believes ‘the ultimate reason is to tell myself that this is the last thrill’ - before declaring he will stop playing tennis at the French Open. “It’s been several years where every day there is at least one moment where I think, ‘What am I doing? Why am I hurting myself like this? Is there still a reason for me to make all this effort?’” Tsonga said in the YouTube video. DON'T MISSTeen tennis ace who slapped opponent in 'barbaric' incident apologisesDjokovic on Madrid Open entry list as Serb ramps up French Open prepAlcaraz named among Djokovic and Nadal as French Open favourites “My head tells me ‘but you can play all your life’ and at the same time your body reminds you that your abilities to surpass yourself are no longer there. I hope that I will stay in shape before and be able to be who I have always been at this tournament. “I have always set myself high goals to try to get what I can. For me, this will be the opportunity to do it one last time.” Tsonga has struggled with injuries in recent years, but he ultimately wanted to go out on his terms without a doctor or physio forcing him to stop. The action gets underway at Roland Garros on May 22.