Matt Lucas has lost a considerable amount of weight over the past couple of years, as a result of lots of exercises and eating healthier. Over the weekend, the comedian and Great British Bake off presenter attended a football match, where a member of the public negatively commented on his slimmer physique. Matt attended the Arsenal versus Manchester United football match at the Emirates Stadium in London on Saturday. Despite thousands of fans previously praising his weight loss, there was one who “thin-shamed” the comedian. Matt explained what happened on Twitter. He wrote: “Shout out to the lady who stopped me at football today to ask me why I’ve lost weight and to inform me I look a lot older. READ MORE: Jane McDonald: Singer shares foods she ate & avoided to lose 4st “For the first time in my life, I think I’ve just been thin-shamed.” Hundreds were quick to reply to his Tweet with positive comments. Sarah O’Connell said: “You look amazing, and most importantly, happy,” to which Matt replied: “thank you.” Chizzy Akudolu commented: “You look incredible and she knows it!!” And Matt replied: “xx.” DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle puts relationship ‘front & centre’ of Invictus speech [EXPERT]Lawn care: ‘Easy’ and natural way to get rid of weeds [GUIDE]Coupon Queen's shares latest deals ‘2 pairs of shoes for £10’ [VIDEO] Cath Fisher said: “U actually look younger & very well x I think u look fantastic.” Sophie Grant added: “You look great Matt. Don’t let anyone tell you different!!” Matt spoke about his weight loss during an appearance on ITV’s Lorraine last year. The host asked him: “How on earth though, have you been in lockdown and working on Bake Off and you’ve lost tonnes of weight?" I’ve lost some weight, I needed to take the edge off, because I put on a lot of weight in lockdown,” Matt said. ”I just had to do something about it. "I’ve still got a bit of a tum, I’ve got a little bit of a tum, I’m not a skinny minnie.” As for how Matt lost weight, he decided to “get fit” during lockdown. He said: "The one thing I need to do is get fitter, I have put on a little bit of weight, that’s my next challenge to do a bit more exercise. “I don’t have a garden so I have to find a way to do that." Matt, who lives with a personal trainer, explained how his flatmate helped him out. The comedian was also previously told to reduce his calorie intake to 1,500 a day by doctors, over fears he may develop diabetes.