Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle stepped down from their roles as working royals two years ago. They moved across the pond and now reside in Montecito, an affluent suburb in California. Their exit reportedly exacerbated growing tensions between the couple and the Royal Family. Their relationship with The Firm was further soured by a bombshell interview with US chat show host Oprah Winfrey. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex said that they struggled during their time as working royals, and felt that they were not treated well by the institution.. Prince Harry has returned to the UK twice since his return, firstly for the funeral of his grandfather, Prince Philip, and secondly for the unveiling of a statue in tribute to his late mother, Princess Diana. However, he did not join his family at the Duke of Edinburgh’s Service of Thanksgiving last month. READ MORE: Meghan Markle horoscope: Duchess and half-sister Samantha ‘more similar than they think’ Despite this, celebrity astrologer Emili Adame believes that Harry is “actively trying” to reconnect with his family. She told last week’s episode of the To Di For Daily podcast: “I do feel like he wants to reconnect. “I feel that he’s actively trying now.” However, Ms Adame admitted that she was not certain on how Harry’s desire to reconnect would be received. She said: “Whether or not it will be well-received, whether or not it will amount to anything in the future, I can’t really see that at the moment.” Ms Adame believes that this is part of an “issue” Meghan and Harry are facing. Ms Adame explained that Meghan and Harry’s north nodes – the ascending lunar nodes which hold the key to their destinies – puts them on “very different” life paths. While Harry’s north node is in Gemini, meaning he’s here “to spread a message”, Meghan’s is in Leo “which is to be famous, to shine, it’s to not conform to society.” She explained: “I do feel that this is part of their issue that they [Harry and Meghan] are having personally together. “There is a lot of energy blocking it in their relationship – they’re at odds with this.” Ms Adame believes that both Harry and Meghan are “individualistic” and are on a path to finding their “own purpose”, but that a part of the Duke remains in the UK. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan have 'backed themselves into a corner' with Philip memorial absence [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry blasted by Camilla Tominey for not offering ‘right of reply’ to claims [EXPERT]Kate Middleton’s timing of George birth didn’t follow history: ‘Can’t detract from Queen’ [ANALYSIS] She said: “They are trying to forge their own paths. “They are together, but his heart right now I feel is in the UK.” Since moving to the US, Meghan and Harry have been involved with numerous charities and organisations, and spearheaded their own projects. Most recently, the Duchess announced her new podcast under Archewell Audio. ‘Archetypes’ will explore the impact of stereotypes and typecasting on women around the world, and is expected to host some high-profile guests. The podcast, which is set to launch this summer, will feature "uncensored conversations" about how typecasts can influence and change narratives. This is the first content to be released under Archewell Audio since the Sussexes’ first podcast episode in December 2020 — a holiday special that featured the likes of Stacey Abrams, José Andrés, James Corden, Sir Elton John, Naomi Osaka and Tyler Perry. Meghan and Harry signed the multi-million pound deal with Spotify earlier that year. However, for the new podcast, it appears that the Duchess is going solo. Meanwhile, the Duke is focusing on the upcoming Invictus Games, which he is expected to attend in The Hague in the Netherlands. The twice-postponed 2020 Games will commence next week, running from April 16-22. Harry launched the Invictus Games, an international sporting event for wounded, injured and sick armed service personnel and veterans in 2014. The Games uses the power of sport to inspire recovery, support rehabilitation and generate a wider understanding and respect for current and ex-servicemen and women. His attendance at the Games has sparked some controversy, given his decision to not to return to the UK for Philip’s memorial. While a reason for his absence has not been given, it comes as the Duke is in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection. Harry is challenging the department's decision to prevent him from paying for police protection for himself and his family during a visit to the UK. Harry wants to bring his children to the UK, but "does not feel safe" to do so. The dispute could affect whether Harry chooses to return for the Queen’s upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations, and whether he will bring his family with him. In June, the Queen’s historic reign will be marked over an extended bank holiday. Last September, royal expert Nick Bullen told the Royally Us podcast that the Jubilee is a “perfect opportunity” for Meghan and Harry to return, particularly because most of the Royal Family are yet to meet the Sussexes’ daughter – Lilibet Diana.