Yasmeen (played by Shelley King) has been slowly getting her life back on track over the past 16 months after her abusive husband, Geoff Metcalfe (Ian Bartholomew), was killed off in the Coronation Street 60th anniversary episodes. This has seen her welcome newcomer to the ITV soap, Stu Carpenter (Bill Fellows), into her home and she has also been playing more of an active part in the Speed Daal restaurant. However, she hasn't had the best relationship with her grandchildren, Alya Nazir (Sair Khan) and Zeedan Nazir (Qasim Akhtar), in recent months but upcoming scenes are teasing a reunion for the family as it seems Yasmeen could unburden herself of a secret. The drama begins next week as Alya tells Stu, who is now working full-time at the restaurant, she wants to do something to mark the Eid celebrations. She explains she wants to cook up some extra food in the kitchen and share it out with the community, something she will need his skills for. Stu happily agrees to be a part of the plans and inspired by her granddaughter's generosity, Yasmeen tells Alya she wants to help out. This leaves the young businesswoman pleasantly surprised but there could be an ulterior motive for her grandmother wanting to take part. For months the pair haven't spoken after the matriarch of the Nazir family discovered her grandchildren were running illegal activities through the business. READ MORE: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview Albeit it was at the request of villain Hashim Elamin (Vincent Ebrahim), she still didn't agree with what they did. Not only was she horrified about the money laundering, but also how Zeedan played a part in setting fire to the restaurant. This incident almost cost Stu his life and with so much criminality to the proceedings, Yasmeen kicked her grandchildren out of their home. They have been living elsewhere in recent months but Yasmeen could have received some news which has made her rethink her approach to them. Having been feeling under the weather, Yasmeen could have gone to the doctors to get some tests done to rule out anything serious. When she might have received the results, the medical professionals could have explained she has developed an illness which is going to have an impact on her life. Knowing she can't go through this alone, she might want to get her grandchildren on her side without telling them exactly what's wrong with her. They could see this as an olive branch and they would happy to reunite with the woman they have come to see as a mother figure. With this secret weighing heavy on her shoulders and with it becoming clearer by the day something isn't right with Yasmeen, will Alya discover her grandmother is ill? Zeedan might not pick up on the signs as he seems to be more pushed out than ever from the family unit. DON'T MISS...Corrie’s Bill Roache admits he ‘really fancied’ Queen when they met [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT]Rula Lenska health: Star, 74, on the 'difficulty' of hearing loss [COMMENT] Having instigated most of the criminal activity due to the debt he owed his father-in-law, Zeedan was heavily blamed for everything that happened. Stu will tell him about how Alya and his grandmother are working together for the Eid celebrations and he will feel disheartened. Zeedan will tell the chef he wishes he could help out, too, but he knows if he pushes too far, he could risk building bridges with Yasmeen. Unfortunately, when his sister discovers their grandmother is ill, he will have to put all his worries to the side to be with her. But with the young businessman having put the family under threat in recent months, Yasmeen might be relying on Alya more as she knows she can trust her. The actress who plays Alya, Sair, has spoken out about her character's relationship with Yasmeen and how her grandmother is her world. In light of Yasmeen having a heart attack almost two years ago, the soap star said: "Alya feels an immense pressure on her shoulders. "I think it’s more than just stress, it’s a very real fight to find justice and keep her family alive. As soon as one problem is sorted another one rears its ugly head. "It was all bubbling away under the surface right now but I definitely think [something] this will push Alya to breaking point." If she is forced to take care of her grandmother once more without Zeedan's support, she could end up making the situation a whole lot worse. Will she be able to convince her grandmother to forgive Zeedan so the family can be united at this incredibly turbulent time? The actor who plays Zeedan, Qasim, has also spoken out on his character's relationship with his family following his crimes. Qasim said: "He loves his gran and his sister to bits. He and Alya have that bond having lost both parents and Yasmeen has been like a mother to them both and now he has let them both down and brought real danger to their door. "He is desperate to solve the problem, he came back to escape his troubles but all he has done is brought them to their door." Will he wash his hands of any wrongdoings to put his grandmother's health and wellbeing first? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.