According to a body language expert, there are both differences and similarities between the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s tour, in March, and the Queen and Prince Philip’s tour, back in 1953. Judi James not only noted both couples’ choice of clothes but also their actions. Although the Queen and her late husband’s tour of the Caribbean was much longer than the Cambridges – Elizabeth and Philip set off for a six-month-long tour of the Commonwealth nations in 1953 – similarities can be drawn between both. Last month, Kate and William stood in the back of a green open-top Land Rover in Jamaica, just as the monarch and Prince Philip did. The Duchess of Cambridge wore a lace white dress, very similar to the one Her Majesty donned decades earlier. Both couples were also photographed on the same staircase in King’s House, Kingston, 70 years apart. READ MORE: Beatrice wears £370 hat to service with Eugenie in £1,695 floral dress Although Kate and William’s tour was more modern, according to body language expert Judi James, “there were several moments of solidly old-fashioned royalty too”. She continued: “It was these moments in particular when there appeared to be a deliberate attempt to re-visit the past and, for the royals, past glories. “Images were so similar to the Queen’s tour in the 1950s that they must surely have been more than coincidental. “The Land Rover scenes looked like a deliberate attempt to prompt nostalgia via some old-school royal posturing that made both William and Kate look rather uncomfortable.  “The mode of transport was identical to the Queen’s and the couple’s outfits looked significantly similar, as though someone had been looking at Pathé newsreels and decided to dress Kate in white and William in a uniform that would create a similar impact to his grandfather’s in 1953.” Even the Duke and Duchess’ body language gestures were “more regal” during these moments, Judi said. She claimed: “There were even some distinct modifications to the couple’s body language during these key moments of the tour. “The warm, relaxed and rather tactile energy dispersed to be replaced by formal posture and salutes. “Kate’s handshakes became rather more regal than usual, with a ‘digging down’ of the hand rather than her usual more modest ritual. “Her wave even became more old-school royal, too. “Standing on the top of the steps of their aircraft we can see Kate has swapped her usual friendly, accessible and modest-looking low, youthful wave for more of a royal ‘hail’ gesture.” Judi continued: “The result of these mixed signals of nostalgia versus change was slightly confusing. “William and Kate are without doubt the new and the popular face of the monarchy. “They are the couple that should have the royals sighing with relief over the future of the constitution and they threw so much of their normal charm and relaxed charisma into their tour. “But then there were these scenes of past glory that seemed to suggest they are taking the formality and the status signalling around with them too. “These acts of historical mirroring might have been seen as a two-way homage, flattering the Queen while showing how her grandson can be a chip off her very daunting block but they looked at odds with the modern style of royalty that William and Kate seem to have been carefully building.” However, Judi noted the better parts of the tour, where Kate and William put “less emphasis on royal ‘tourism’, where a monarch like the Queen would visit a country from a distance, appearing like a stranger from a strange country”. She said: “William and Kate are very adept at a more empathetic approach, sharing values rather than emphasizing differences in things like status. “Some of the high spots of their tour, therefore, showed them taking part in team sports or appearing to relax and enjoy themselves and each other’s company. “Interestingly, the couple opened up as much about themselves on this tour as they did perform as royals. “We saw flirting, playfulness, and their famously competitive streak emerge.”