The Duke of Sussex will publish his memoirs, said to be "intimate and heartfelt”, with Penguin Random House. The “tell-all” memoir has caused fear in royal aides, who think Harry will make several damaging claims about his time as a royal. However, a royal source said Harry will not mention Prince Andrew out of respect for Beatrice and Eugenie. They said “there is also an increasing confidence that Prince Andrew and his former wife will be left alone”. The source added: “Harry and Meghan are thought to be very conscious of the impact the Epstein scandal has had on Beatrice and Eugenie. “They won't want to add to the pile on. “Meghan is also very fond of Sarah, the Duchess of York, who she feels has had a not too dissimilar journey. “They're not expected to bear the brunt of Harry's anger and frustration with the royal establishment.” Speaking to Dan Wootton for the Daily Mail, the source added “the fear factor” around Harry’s book “is off the scale”. They added: “Of course, the households publicly say they are not interested and have no plans to comment on any royal book because so many are published; but there's never been a situation quite like this. “Even when the Princess of Wales cooperated with Andrew Morton, she had the veneer of deniability. These are Harry's own words. “They might want to remain above the fray, but that could become impossible depending on what bombshells are unleashed. “Clarence House and Kensington Palace now accept their principles will be in the firing line. There is an expectation that the Queen and Prince Philip will be lovingly praised.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's 'shocking' snub In August 2021, Virginia Giuffre sued Andrew in the federal District Court for the Southern District of New York, accusing him of “sexual assault and intentional infliction of emotional distress”. The Duke of York denied the allegations, and on October 29 2021, Andrew's lawyers filed a response, stating their client “unequivocally denies Ms Giuffre's false allegations”. In February, the case was settled out of court, with Andrew making a donation to Ms Giuffre's charity for victims of abuse, but was keen to stress the settlement was not an admission of guilt. Criminal proceedings in the US over Ms Giuffre's claims are still possible. DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: British fighter captured by Russia - heartbroken mum Meghan and Harry's 'part-time royal' dream shattered amid Netflix deal RAF Voyager spotted heading over Estonia in major NATO operation It comes after the Queen gave the go-ahead for her trusted aid and Royal dresser Angela Kelly to reveal her lockdown secrets. Ms Kelly, who has been with the Queen for 28 years, will release a new chapter of her picture book 'The Other Side of the Coin' next month to mark the Platinum Jubilee. Publisher HarperCollins announced: “The Queen personally gave Angela her blessing to share their unparalleled bond with the world and Angela is the first serving member of the Royal Household to be given this extraordinary permission.” The latest chapter will give an insight into the Queen's time in lockdown with the Duke of Edinburgh and even cover his funeral in April 2021. Royal author Phil Dampier, who penned a book about Harry and Meghan's romance in 2018, told the MailOnline believes both Harry and Ms Kelly’s book are unlikely to be competing in terms of sales. The author said: “I don’t think the book is designed to counter Harry’s book. “I think Harry’s will be a best-seller, while Angela’s is suited to a more niche market. “Angela will focus very much on the Queen and how she and her staff coped, while Harry will be talking about his whole life. “We don’t know what will be in Harry’s book but he is being paid a lot of money - even if some is going to charity - and so the publishers will want something sensational. “He is bound to revisit Megxit and justify the reasons he and his wife left the royal family. And he clearly has issues about his mother which have festered for 25 years.”