Tom Parker's widow Kelsey Parker has taken to Instagram to respond after Love Actually star and family friend Martin McCutcheon revealed she's unable to attend The Wanted star's funeral today. The mother-of-two reacted after Martine posted a sweet picture of her and Tom sharing an embrace alongside an emotional message. In view of her 509,000 followers, Martine took to her Instagram stories to issue a heartfelt apology to Kelsey for not being able to attend Tom's funeral. The actress wrote: "@being_kelsey @tomparkerofficial I will be thinking of you both so much tomorrow and I'm so sorry I can't be with you to celebrate the most amazing life, love and legacy. "You are and will be forever in my thoughts and if you ever need anything just holler." She went on: "Sending you all the love and strength in the world. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fires back as Laurence Fox brands him ‘chubby slug’  "I know tomorrow will be like nothing else," she finished, alongside a series of star and heart emojis. Martine included a snap of her and Tom hugging, while the actress could be seen smiling over his shoulder. Kelsey went on to share Maritne's apology with her own 262,000 followers. She replied: "God bless you sweetheart x."  Tom's funeral is set to take place this morning and Kelsey previously shared details encouraging his fans to line the route to the church for a last goodbye. Kelsey said in an earlier statement: "Thomas Anthony Parker. There will be a private celebration of life on Wednesday 20th April. “We know many of you would like to pay your respects as well, so would love for you to join us in Petts Wood from 10am." Kelsey went on: "It would be beautiful to have everyone line the route as we head to our private service. DON'T MISS... 'Heartbroken' Helen Mirren breaks silence after Rio Hackford's death [UPDATE]Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [INSIGHT]'Complete b******t!' Piers Morgan reignites row with Meghan Markle [ANALYSIS] “You are then welcome to join us outside the church for the duration where the service will be relayed on screens," she added. The much-loved boy band member died last month aged 33 from a brain tumour called glioblastoma. He was diagnosed with the grade four tumour in October 2020, and was told it was inoperable. The diagnosis came after he suffered a seizure and was put on a waiting list for an MRI scan. However, while on holiday with Kelsey and their two children, Aurelia and Bodhi, he suffered another seizure and he was rushed to hospital where he underwent tests. He was then told the sad news, which doctors described as “the worst case scenario”, before going on to undergo several gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and 30 radiotherapy sessions. While he knew his condition was terminal, Tom told fans he had responded well to treatment, explaining the size of the tumour had “significantly reduced”. By November, he explained his latest scan had confirmed the tumour was “stable”. The devastating news of his passing was announced on March 30th by Kelsey on Instagram.