The GB News presenter said he does not want to see the Duke of Sussex back in the UK "ever again" as he accused him of "petulance". Mr Farage's comments come after Harry, who is living in California with Meghan Markle, did not attend the memorial service in honour of the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey earlier this week. The former Brexit Party MEP told Sky News Australia: "If he can't come back to support his grandmother, if he can't come back to pay tribute to his grandfather who was a truly remarkable man, who gave great service in wartime and peacetime to our country and to our friends in the Commonwealth, then I hope he never ever comes back again. "I don't want to see him back in this country ever again. "That level of disrespect, that level of petulance, is beyond belief." Harry and Meghan, who are living in Montecito with their two children Archie and Lili, did not return from the US for Philip's memorial service. It comes as the Duke is embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office over a decision not to allow him to pay for police protection while in Britain. Harry wants to bring his two children to visit from the US but argues it is too dangerous. He insists that his private protection team in the US does not have adequate jurisdiction abroad or access to UK intelligence information that is needed to keep his family safe. READ MORE: Kate is 'real deal' and 'would have Queen Mother's seal of approval'  The Sussexes lost their taxpayer-funded police protection after quitting as senior working royals in early 2020. Harry has faced criticism for his decision not to travel to the UK for his grandfather's memorial service. Royal expert Ingrid Seward told the Mirror: "What a missed opportunity it was not to bring Meghan and the children to join the extended royal family, European cousins and of course Archie’s contemporaries. DON'T MISSPrince Harry tipped for new revelations in memoir [INSIGHT]Harry 'overshadowed' Queen as absence 'dominated discussion' [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan have 'backed themselves into a corner' [VIDEO] "The only explanation is that neither one of them wanted to go. There would have been no security problems. "The whole Abbey was bristling with secret service men to guard the biggest gathering of royalty, politicians and top army brass since the London wedding of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. "Harry must have known it would look petulant and rude. And if he did not Meghan would have. "If it was a pointed snub to the whole royal family and it went sour. "Of course, the Queen would have been told well in advance. Harry keeps in constant touch with his grandmother for many reasons. I am sure he spoke to his father too. "But nothing excuses his absence even if Meghan and the children stayed away." Harry has returned to the UK twice since Megxit - once for Prince Philip's funeral in April 2021 and for the unveiling of a Princess Diana statue at Kensington Palace last July. When it was confirmed he would not attend Philip's memorial service, a spokesperson for the Duke said he hopes to visit his grandmother the Queen soon. 