Season 11 of The Walking Dead will bring the popular drama to a close when the final chunk of episodes are released later this year. In the meantime, fans have just been treated to an epic midseason finale on AMC and Disney Plus, though some viewers couldn’t help getting distracted by an amusing blunder involving Maggie Rhee star, Lauren Cohan. Series regular Lauren appeared to get struck by a falling piece of debris in the latest episode of The Walking Dead. The post-apocalyptic drama’s 11th season is off-air for now after dropping the last episode of part two, Acts of God, on Sunday night. Maggie has to decide whether or not she trusts her husband’s murderer, Negan (played by Jeffrey Dean Morgan) as she prepares to defend Hilltop from the Commonwealth’s Deputy Governor, Lance Hornsby (Josh Hamilton). Unfortunately, their tense confrontation was somewhat undermined when the actress found herself battling with nature in the background of a pivotal scene. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry The filming blunder was highlighted by an observant Reddit user who took to the message board shortly after the episode had concluded the middle portion of season 11. User ironkrylon posted: “When you guys go back and rewatch pay close attention to the scene with Negan, Maggie and Annie (ACTOR NAME). “Negan is giving this melodramatic speech about Hilltop being a s**thole not worth saving and Lauren Cohan gets bonked on the head by an acorn.” Other viewers weren’t sure if the projectile in question was indeed an acorn, but Lauren is unmistakably struck by some form of forest detritus during the scene. Redditor hey_itsmagnus replied: “It's just a leaf but what a detail to catch.” Though the original poster maintained: “It kinda looked a bit heavy to be a leaf tbh. “Might have been a leaf with a small kernel attached or whatever, but it was definitely not just a leaf.” While arabia777_ joked: “Props to the crewman on the ladder dropping the leaf.” DON'T MISS:Reacher star Alan Ritchson on differences to original Tom Cruise film [INTERVIEW]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Gene to free Kim from prison [SPOILERS]Doctor Who’s Alex Kingston on friendship with co-star [INSIGHT] Thankfully, it appears most viewers were too caught up in the drama to notice Lauren’s minor on-set incident. Even so, it will certainly make for a humorous moment to look out for when fans go back for their rewatch. While The Walking Dead is on hold for now, Lauren herself has opened up about one of her most difficult moments as Maggie during the latest episode. After asking Negan to watch over her son, Hershel (Kien Michael Spiller), she admits she’s finally starting to trust him now it has been several years since he killed her husband, Glenn (Steven Yeun). “It felt like throwing up,” Lauren told Entertainment Weekly about saying the line. “It just came at a time when I had to leave. I was not willing to let anybody come with me. And I knew the only place I could leave Hershel was with them. “But I absolutely hated it. And I was like, ‘I think the reason I hate this is also why she hates it.’” Maggie and Negan are set to co-star in their own spin-off, Isle of the Dead, so time will tell if the former enemies are able to fully reconcile. The Walking Dead season 11B is available to stream on Disney+ in the UK. Season 11C premieres on AMC in the USA later this year.