Piers Morgan, 57, has taken to social media to respond to a follower who had questions about how he is able to travel so much. He claimed his travels have led to his “energy” returning following his long Covid. Piers posted a photo on Twitter on Tuesday and described his recent two month travels as a “global tour”. Alongside the photo, he wrote: “Back to Blighty, and the end of my two-month global tour: Lon-NYC-LA-Daytona-Honolulu-Sydney-Dubai-Lon-NYC-LA-Miami-Lon. “Time to put on a show…” HowardJax responded with the question: “How the hell could you adjust to that many time zone changes?!” READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies causes stir with sultry bikini pic The 57-year-old replied: “Just sleep when I’m tired. “Oddly, it’s cured my (8-month) long Covid. “Makes no sense after that ridiculous schedule - but got my energy back.” Some followers weren’t very impressed with Piers’ comments. Liverpoolfan63 commented: “Expensive cure lol.” Estherhayden11 wrote: “And your prescription Dr Morgan is a trip around the world. “Not sure NHS will prescribe this.” She wondered if Piers would be willing to foot the bill, asking: “Do we charge direct to your credit card?” DON'T MISS:Insight into Brooklyn Beckham's star-studded brunch [UPDATE]Al Pacino, 81, leaves restaurant with Mick Jagger's ex-girlfriend, 28 [LATEST]Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress [PICTURES] Meanwhile, Crocidolite11 said: “You had Covid? Why have you never mentioned this?” Piers Morgan is preparing to launch his brand-new talk show Uncensored later this month. It is his first solo TV project since leaving Good Morning Britain in March 2021 after a heated disagreement with his co-host Alex Beresford. Piers stormed off the ITV set during the clash. He is set to return to screens as host of Uncensored on TalkTV. The programme will be available to watch in the UK, America and Australia from April 25. Viewers can watch the UK launch of TalkTV on all major linear TV platforms including Sky (channel 526), Virgin Media (channel 627), Freeview (channel 237) and Freesat (channel 217).