Manchester United have announced Erik ten Hag as their new manager, and work to reshape the squad to match his vision will start this summer. It's primed to be a hectic transfer window for the Red Devils following a disastrous season, including the demise of his predecessor, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Lee Grant, Nemanja Matic, Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani are expected to leave on free transfers, but there will also be plenty of contracted stars in the shop window. Express Sport pinpoints seven United players who could leave the club for one reason or another in Ten Hag's first summer transfer window in the hot seat. Dean Henderson was poised to replace David de Gea as first-choice goalkeeper this season before contracting Covid-19 in the latter stages of pre-season. And De Gea's form has kept him out of the team since. He wants regular first-team football and is likely to leave. JUST IN: Manchester United confirm Erik ten Hag will become manager this summer Phil Jones has regained his fitness after a long-term injury that prevented him from making a single appearance in the 2020-21 campaign. He is currently fifth-choice in central defence, and all parties will agree he should finally depart Old Trafford after an 11-year spell. With United interested in signing a new centre-back this summer, there also won't be space for Eric Bailly, who is currently unhappy with his game time as it is. Despite showing glimpses of top quality, injuries have plagued his time at the club. READ MORE: Man Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo sends heartfelt thanks to Liverpool Axel Tuanzebe was once one of the most promising prospects at the club and U23 captain, but his potential has taken a hit in recent seasons. After failed loan stints at Aston Villa and Napoli this term, he will likely look to start afresh with a permanent move elsewhere. Brandon Williams' loan switch to Norwich City has proven to be a success, heavily featuring for the Premier League strugglers. After another season of regular first-team football under his belt, the energetic full-back might prefer to depart United permanently rather than join another club on loan. DON'T MISS: Man Utd icon Edwin van der Sar pays tribute to Erik ten Hag after move Andreas Pereira has been destined to leave United for his homeland Brazil permanently for months after Flamengo agreed a deal to sign him. However, the club are thought to be pulling out of a deal. Regardless, it'd be a big surprise to see Pereira fit in Ten Hag's plans. Anthony Martial's once-promising United career has stuttered to a halt, and the move the reinvigorate his form at Sevilla has flopped. Ten Hag should give him a chance, more so than others on this list, but it could be time for the club to cash in.