It’s been more than 30 years since the ‘Songbird Supreme’ burst onto the music scene, making history with each of her first five singles soaring to number one on the Billboard Hot 100. To celebrate the artist whose vocal range and melismatic singing style changed pop and R&B forever, the BBC delves deep into its archives this weekend to bring viewers her best-loved hits. From Vision of Love, to Hero, to Shake It Off, Mariah Carey at the BBC embraces the highest of high notes. Airing at 9:15pm, the programme is part of a musical extravaganza, featuring three classic Top of the Pops episodes and an investigation into the birth of three of Britpop’s finest bands — Blur, Elastica and Suede. Mariah was snapped up early on by Columbia Records, where she fought for top spot on the female artist roster with Whitney Houston and Madonna. Her relationship with the ‘I Will Always Love You’ singer was the subject of intense scrutiny, and prompted a media frenzy over an apparent feud between the two. Mariah addressed these rumours in a 2020 appearance on Naomi Campbell's interview series No Filter with Naomi. READ MORE: Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue She recalled: “Anyone who knew us both was like...they're totally going to get along.” The pair collaborated in 1998 for the song ‘When You Believe’ for the animated film The Prince of Egypt. Addressing when the pair worked together, Mariah said she was impressed and inspired by a number of Whitney’s qualities when working with her. She recalled: “I loved her spirit and her energy. “I really appreciate her...giving of herself with me, because she didn't have to be like that.” The feud rumours, she had previously explained, were nothing more than media speculation. Speaking in 2012 following Whitney’s death, she said: “I don’t think people could ever understand our relationship … there was always this supposed rivalry in the beginning and then we did the duet and we became friends. “I loved her. We all loved her.” DON'T MISS:How Mariah Carey ‘carefully replicated Diana’s wedding to Charles’ [INSIGHT]Whitney Houston's daughter died in eerily similar way [REVEALED]Whitney Houston’s ex-husband Bobby Brown on 'doomed' marriage [QUOTES] Mariah and Whitney won an Oscar for their duet, and spent a lot of time in each other’s company promoting the song. Speaking in 2012 at the BET Awards, she said: “We got to spend a lot of time together as we promoted it. “We really got to know each other as people, not divas.” She added: “[Whitney] was a hilarious person with a cutting sense of humour. “She was real and she kept it real. “That’s why we got along so well and so many others feel like I do: If you really knew Whitney, you couldn’t help but love her.” Even years after they released the duet, questions remained over their relationship. Mariah recalled seeing Whitney in London in 2011, with people “surprised” to see them laughing and joking with one another. She said: “Even then folks were surprised to see us sitting right next to each other, clearly enjoying each other’s company. But we did and we were.” Mariah signed off a wonderful tribute to her late friend on a more sombre note, saying: “I miss my friend. “I miss hearing her voice and laughter. But we’ll always... we’ll always have the music. “We will always have the music. We always have that voice we all fell in love with.” Mariah Carey at the BBC airs at 9:15pm on BBC Two this evening.