Outer Range is making its debut on Amazon Prime Video today (April 15). The TV series, which will be enjoyed by Yellowstone fans, will air weekly as viewers discover more about the Wyoming ranger, Royal Abbott (played by Josh Brolin). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the number of episodes. The series follows Royal Abbott as he comes across Autumn (played by Imogen Poots). Autumn has a connection to Abbott's ranch and he is caught up in a supernatural mystery. The first two episodes are airing today, April 15, with two further episodes continuing to air each week. The first season will be made up of eight episodes, so the series will air for a total of four weeks before it concludes. In the trailer for the series, Royal Abbott is seen praying for guidance as he knows the ranch is in trouble. READ MORE: Graham Norton opens up on secret to talk show's success He has been fighting for his land and his family in a tiring battle. The rancher is already coming to terms with the disappearance of daughter-in-law Rebecca. Their neighbours are also making a play for their land, adding yet another obstacle. The synopsis continues: "An untimely death in the community sets off a chain of tension-filled events, and seemingly small-town, soil-bound troubles come to a head with the arrival of a mysterious black void in the Abbotts’ west pasture. "Wild revelations unfold as Royal fights to protect his family; through his eyes, we begin to see how time contains secrets held in the past and unsettling mysteries foreshadowed." The cast includes Lili Taylor as Cecilia Abbott, Tom Pelphrey as Perry Abbott, Lewis Pullman as Rhett Abbott and Olive Abercrombie as Amy Abbott. The neighbours, the Tillersons, are played by Noah Reid, Shaun Sipos, Will Patton and Matt Lauria. Actor Brolin said he had been offered a few other jobs but was keen to take a project that could go in many different directions. He told Deadline: "You have Yellowstone and the Western genre is back. "And then everybody is trying to piggyback on that thing. I think what we’ve done is create a danger zone, and it doesn’t feel safe.” DON'T MISS... Emmerdale star explains how sexuality affected acting career [INSIGHT] Why did Will Patton really leave Yellowstone as Garrett Randall? [EXPLAINER] Yellowstone’s Kevin Costner speaks out on first scene with Randall [INSIGHT] The series follows Brolin's character as he finds a strange black hole in his pasture. Speaking to Variety, he said: "It’s uncertain because there are so many directions it can go, and a lot of them can feel really cliché. But I feel like we kept it grounded.” At this moment in time, it is not known whether the series will continue beyond eight episodes. The supernatural element of the series attracted many of the cast members. Actress Poots said: "Being British I was really obsessed with the American west and the myth of the American west growing up. "So getting to be a part of it and deconstruct it, and have this otherworldly element was just a dream come true.” Brolin serves as an executive producer and leads the cast, marking the first time he has done so in 20 years. The series is described as a "neo-Western" and it delves into how people handle the unknown.  Outer Range airs on Amazon Prime Video, with two new episodes airing each week.