Coronation Street resident Abi Webster (played by Sally Carman) has been going on a downward spiral ever since her son Seb Franklin (Harry Visinoni) was brutally murdered in the ITV soap. Things were made worse after she had a one-night stand with Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo) and ended up getting pregnant. However, since baby Alfie was born, Imran has been hellbent on getting full custody. A new theory by Express.co.uk suggests his plans could be scuppered by a scorned Toyah. However, despite Abi trying to get her life on track, she went through a stage of drug-taking when she was pregnant. The mum vowed to stop taking drugs when Alfie was born, and she has stayed clean ever since. Although, in a bid to get full custody of their son, Imran plans to prove the mother of his child is still taking drugs. According to official Coronation Street spoilers, Imran meets up with Ben (Jon-Paul Bell) and instructs him to find out everything he can about Abi. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Maya Stepney returns to take down Meena Jutla  Imran's girlfriend Toyah (Georgia Taylor) is not impressed with Imran’s dirty tricks. Although, when she overhears Abi and her solicitor discussing ways to scupper Imran’s chances of custody she tells Imran she supports his plan to prove Abi is not fit to be a mother. However, Toyah could quickly change her mind because her and Imran's relationship has been on the rocks ever since the Battersby favourite discovered the solicitor had a one-night stand with Abi. Things were made worse this week when Toyah and Imran were forced to give up their foster child Elsie. To try and cope with her heartbreak, Toyah ended up getting drunk and kissing Adam Barlow (Sam Robertson). However, as the duo embraced, Imran walked in and witnessed the entire thing. "I just feel like I am being punished over and over," Toyah sobbed. "I could kill Imran." "Listen, I know it's not what you want to hear right now, but you've got so much else going for you, Toyah," Adam replied. DON'T MISS...Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker 'should be replaced by Whoopi Goldberg' [INSIGHT]Denise Welch claims Boris shouldn't quit over 'ridiculous' Covid rules [VIDEO]Vera star speaks on having exclusive access to key location [NEWS] "It's raw right now..." he continued as Toyah said: "Other women have children, why not me? What have I done to deserve...?" "Imran's a fool," Adam began to say before Toyah went in to kiss him. In upcoming scenes, in the neonatal unit, Abi tells Imran and Toyah she wants them all to be a part of Alfie’s life. Ben calls at the solicitors and having failed to find any dirt on Abi, he suggests that for a one-off fee, he could set her up for a fall. Imran refuses him and instructs him to keep on digging for information on Abi. But Imran later meets up with Ben and tells him he needs hard evidence Abi is back on the drugs before the custody hearing. However, with everything that has happened between the couple, Toyah could end up betraying Imran and telling Abi what the solicitor plans to do. Toyah is clearly still reeling from the affair and after suffering the heartbreak of losing Elsie, it could get too much for her. Toyah might not be able to cope with being a stepmother to Imran's son, and so sabotage might be her only way out. Coronation Street returns on Monday at 8pm on ITV.