Artem Severiukhin has had his racing licence taken away from him by the Automobile Club of Italy (ACI) following his alleged 'Nazi gesture'. The ACI claims the Russian, 15, could also face further sanctions following the incident. Severiukhin appeared to make the gesture on the podium following his victory at the FIA Karting European Championship at the weekend. The teenager has since apologised and denied it was a 'Nazi gesture'. However, the ACI have come down hard on the driver. In a lengthy statement, they say that despite the investigation still going on, a decision to revoke Severiukhin's licence has been made. The board are also considering what further sanctions could be placed on the champion. The ACI statement read: "While the extraordinary meeting of the Sports Council of the Automobile Club of Italy - called to take urgent measures following the unquantifiable and unacceptable gesture of the Russian kart driver Artem Severiukhin, on the podium of the European junior karting race in Portimao (Portugal) - is still ongoing, it is learned that the Board itself decided to immediately withdraw Severiukhin's sports license and, at the same time, referred it to the Sports Justice so that it can evaluate the definition of further sanctions that fall within its sphere of competence.  "Unavoidable measures, since, with his reckless gesture, Severiukhin has shown a lack of respect not only for the universal values that have always inspired every sport, but also for humanity, dignity and civil coexistence. "Severiukhin had obtained the Italian license, as required by the FIA regulations, which leave young drivers of all nationalities the widest freedom of movement among the international federations, to allow them to grow professionally in those Countries - such as Italy - which have a great tradition in terms of training in motorsport and introducing drivers to professionalism. "Our country, in particular, has always been the most important in the world as regards the practice of karting, as evidenced by the fact that in 2021 alone 355 foreign drivers, of various nationalities, obtained the Italian sports license for this discipline."  Severiukhin has already been condemned by his team Ward Racing. They confirmed in a statement they will now start the process of terminating his contract. The statement read: "Ward Racing accordingly condemns the personal actions of pilot Artem Severiukhin during the award ceremony on April 10, 2022 in the strongest possible terms, as it considers them a manifestation of unsportsmanlike behaviour, an unacceptable violation of the ethical and moral sports codex. With this statement, Ward Racing expresses its opinion, as well as the opinion of all athletes and staff of the Ward Racing team. "On the basis of these considerations, Ward Racing sees no possibility for continued co-operation with Artem Severyukhin and will proceed with terminating his racing contract."  Severiukhin issued an apology on Monday but it appears it is not enough to prevent him from getting in hot water. He said in a video on social media: "I want to apologise to everyone for what happened yesterday in the European Karting Championship. "Standing on the podium, I made a gesture which many perceived as a Nazi salute. It's not true, I have never supported Nazism, it was one of the worst crimes against humanity. But I raced under an Italian licence and flag and the guys in front of the podium showed me that in Italy, in such cases, it's customary to hit yourself on the chest in the heart area. "I just wanted to make a gesture, and how everything has happened, I can't explain. I know that I'm a fool and I am ready to be punished, I am sorry." 