Prince Harry, 37 and Meghan Markle, 40, were not among the congregation including the Queen, senior royals, politicians, European royals and friends who gathered in Westminster Abbey to pay tribute to Prince Philip on Tuesday. The couple announced in March that they would not come to the UK for the memorial. While no specific reason was cited, it was speculated that Harry’s ongoing legal challenge against the Home Office over security may have played a part. Royal watchers are now speculating that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will make an appearance soon at another high-profile event – the wedding of Brooklyn Beckham to his fiancée Nicola Peltz. Brooklyn will marry actress Nicola on April 9 at her family's oceanfront mansion in Palm Beach, Florida. The destination for the nuptials is just a short flight from Harry and Meghan’s Montecito home. Speculation that the Sussexes will attend the bash next weekend is mounting after Spice Girl Mel B revealed Victoria and David Beckham will invite their own guests to the ceremony. The couple are good friends of the Beckham family, who have shared close links to the Royal Family for a number of years. Victoria and David attended Meghan and Harry’s 2018 wedding and were also on the guestlist for Prince William and Kate's royal wedding back in April 2011 It would not come as a surprise if the Beckhams extended a wedding invite to both royal couples. READ MORE: Andrew 'manipulated' Queen 'for his own gain' despite health scare Meghan and Harry quit royal duties in 2020, but prior to this Meghan publicly showed her support for fashion designer Victoria by wearing her pieces on official engagements. Meghan sported one of Victoria’s designs for one of her last outings as a working royal, which saw her and Harry attend the Endeavour Fund Awards. An image of the Duke and Duchess arriving at the event and being caught in the rain has since become iconic. Meghan also sported designs from the former Spice Girl's brand for the 2019 Commonwealth Day service and for her first Christmas Day church service as a Duchess. DON'T MISS Kate sparks questions over 'fake' engagement ring after scuba diving [INSIGHT] Prince Andrew named in £40m international fraud case [REVEAL] Prince Harry in ‘critical phase’ amid family fallout [REPORT] Also, Harry shares a long withstanding relationship with former professional footballer, David. In February 2020, David spoke about his relationship with Harry, calling the royal "amazing". He said: "We love him and he's an amazing person - and that's the most important thing - but I'm proud to see him growing up as an individual and being that person that every father wants to be.” The Sun claimed in July 2020 that the Sussexes will be at the top of the Beckhams' guest list for the wedding. Speculation has since been mounting after Mel B confirmed she would be attending along with her mother during an appearance on the Lorraine show. The upcoming Beckham-Peltz wedding is being covered exclusively by Vogue. Meghan notably has a bond with British Vogue's editor-in-chief, Edward Enninful, as she famously guest-edited the publication's September 2019 issue, entitled Forces for Change. Meghan’s guest-edited copy of the magazine became its fastest-selling issue and sold out in ten days. In her editor's letter addressed to readers, Meghan praised Mr Enninful, writing: "I was about five months pregnant when this process began, and by the time you hold this issue in your hands, my husband and I will be holding our three-month-old baby boy in ours. "It's a very special time for me personally, on so many levels; working with Edward and his team, both during my pregnancy and my maternity leave, has played no small part in that joy – it has been a privilege to be welcomed and supported by this amazing team. To Edward, thank you for entrusting me with this. I am deeply honoured."