According to a global study carried out by YouGov, more than 62 percent of male respondents didn't know how to check themselves for testicular cancer. What's more, the survey asked 2,500 men who were within the "at-risk" age group of 18 to 34 years of age. April is testicular cancer awareness month; as such, men's health charity, Movember, are raising awareness about the symptoms of the condition. Movember's global director of testicular cancer Sam Gledhill said: "The good news is, survival rates are high if the disease is caught early. "Sadly, many young men think it’s an ‘old man’s’ disease and don’t take care to check themselves. "We’re also concerned that disruptions due to Covid could mean that some men may have delayed potentially life-saving conversations with their doctor." All men in their 20s and 30s are strongly encouraged to get to know what their testicles look and feel like. READ MORE: Teenage girl develops appendicitis after holding in farts around boyfriend for two years "The shower is a great place to start," Gledhill advised. "Carefully and gently roll one testicle at a time between your thumb and finger, checking for any changes or irregularities. "If something hurts or feels different, it’s important to make time and get it checked out by your doctor." The charity pointed out more than 90 percent of testicular cancers start in cells that make sperm (i.e. germ cells). The NHS pointed out that testicular cancer may lead to a "painless swelling or lump in one of the testicles". Be aware that the swelling or lump could be as small as the size of a pea. The testicles might change shape or the texture could differ from normal. "It's important to be aware of what feels normal for you," the NHS emphasised. The tumour could also lead to other symptoms, such as an increase in the firmness of a testicle. Testicular cancer may also present as "a difference in appearance between one testicle and the other". The condition could also lead to a "dull ache or sharp pain in your testicles or scrotum" that could be intermittent. Furthermore, also be aware of a "feeling of heaviness in your scrotum". Are all lumps and swellings cancerous? In many cases, the lumps and swelling could be indicative of another health condition. For example, it could be the result of swollen blood vessels or cysts. However, it is best to get a medical professional to double check it's not cancerous. If cancer is detected, the sooner treatment begins, the greater the likelihood is that you will be completely cured.