Rudy Giuliani was unveiled after just one performance as Jack in the Box in this week’s episode of The Masked Singer. The US version of the unpredictable competition secured a place in Fox’s history books when the former mayor of New York and personal lawyer for Donald Trump was revealed. Although Ken Jeong walked out in protest, his fellow panellist Nicole Scherzinger stood her ground and applauded one of the show’s most divisive contenders to date. Viewers were stunned when both Pussycat Doll Scherzinger and Fox presenter Jenny McCarthy remained on stage to banter with the ex-mayor during Wednesday night’s show. Former mayor Giuliani was eliminated after his performance of Bad to the Bone by George Thorogood and the Destroyers failed to impress the voters. Both Jeong and singer Robin Thicke reportedly walked off after the reveal, but apparently, Scherzinger and McCarthy weren’t so perturbed. Several viewers took to Twitter to log their complaints in solidarity with Jeong’s walk-off. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ JayGee wrote: “You know Jenny McCarthy wholeheartedly singing along with Giuliani makes sense, as does Ken Jeong leaving. “But Nicole Scherzinger singing her heart out was both surprising and incredibly disappointing.” And Pamela said: “Jenny and Nicole looked like idiots. Don’t try to tell me they understood the program was ‘entertainment’ and so were just trying to have some fun. “Rudy Giuliani is a man who ACTIVELY tried to foment a coup and overthrow our democracy. There isn’t ANYTHING funny about that.” As a strong supporter of former US President Trump, Giuliani perpetuated conspiracy theories the 2021 election employed rigged voting machines to ensure Joe Biden took office. He is partially blamed for the attack on the Capitol in January last year after calling for “trial by combat” at a Trump rally before the event. In February this year, Giuliani was subpoenaed by the House select committee following the investigation into the January 6 Capitol riot. However, just over a year after the incident, viewers in the US and worldwide were shocked and disappointed to see him playing a major role in the Fox network’s light-hearted celebrity talent show. DON'T MISS:Christine Quinn storms out of brokers meeting after Selling Sunset row [LATEST]NCIS: LA’s LL Cool J lines up new TV role [NEWS]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Monica’s death sealed by vision clues [SPOILERS] @_officiallycj fumed: “Jenny McCarthy - we all expected this from you. You may as well have gone up and danced with Giuliani on stage. Nobody would have been surprised. “Nicole Scherzinger - a woman of colour, Filipino and Polynesian descent - the world is incredibly disappointed in you.” And Thom added: “Nicole Scherzinger staying on stage and dancing to Rudy Giuliani is just another reason why Kimberly Wyatt and Ashley Roberts are the superior Pussycat Dolls.” Although @Jenneryann1 argued: “I'm glad Nicole, Jenny and Nick [Cannon] had the decency to be polite to Rudy Giuliani.” Giulani’s reveal already got off to a confusing start when Scherzinger asked Jeong if he was actually Hollywood actor Robert Duvall. A disappointed Jeong shook his head, saying “No, that’s not Robert Duvall” before promptly leaving the stage. While some have praised McCarthy and Scherzinger for remaining professional, many others have questioned why Giuliani was asked to take part in the first place. The Masked Singer season 7 continues Wednesdays on Fox.