Prince Harry sat down with the Today Show host Hoda Kotb and spoke about family life in America, his recent visit to the UK to see the Queen last week, and the Invictus Games. During their conversation, the Duke of Sussex was asked what an average day looked like for him, and he mentioned Archie “interrupting” his work meetings. Hoda wondered whether his son was “cheeky” like Harry, and the Prince’s response was interesting. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert and celebrity psychic Inbaal Honigman about the interview and provided her analysis. Hoda asked: “Most of life is Wednesday - it doesn’t have the highs, it doesn’t have the lows. “What’s a Wednesday like for you? Random.” Prince Harry replied: “It revolves around the kids as much as humanly possible. “This working from home stuff is not all it’s cracked up to be - certainly post Covid, when your kids and you are in the same place it’s really harad to seperate the work from them. READ MORE: Prince Harry says Queen in ‘great form’ “Archie spends more time interrupting our Zoom calls than anybody else - he also gets us off them as well so that’s a nice thing.” Hoda wondered: “Does he have your personality? Is he kind of like you? Does have a little bit of a - ‘your thing?’” Confused, Prince Harry remarked: “My thing?” Hoda explained: “Your cheeky thing that you do?” DON'T MISS...Prince Harry awkwardly dodges probe about missing William and Charles [VIDEO]Royal POLL: Would you welcome Harry and Meghan back to live in the UK [VOTE]Princess Diana 'shocked' Royal Family with jewellery mishap [FASHION] “I think so,” Prince Harry replied. “I always try and keep that, the cheekiness is something that keeps you alive. “There’s so much to be happy about in the outside world and there’s so much to worry about.” Inbaal watched this moment and commented: “On the one hand, cheeky Harry is clearly missing without a trace. “When he talks about his cheekiness, he uses broad, open, serious arm gestures which indicate that he's now a dad, and even a fun dad still has to be a serious guy. “On the other hand, here we have insight into his honest mindset - no slipping and sliding over his words, no reserved body gestures. “The cheeky part of the conversation is honest and flowing. “Notice how he gestures to the right when saying there's lots in the world to be thankful for... and to the left when he talks about global worries. “His actions and his intentions match up. “It's very likely that he doesn't even know he's not cheeky anymore... “He isn't even sure what Hoda means when she refers to his 'thing,’” she suggested. Inbaal is an accurate intuitive reader and esoteric teacher of 25 years, in her practice Inbaal utilises colours, signs and body language to craft insightful photograph readings.