Atletico Madrid president Enrique Cezero has accused Manchester City of playing 'prehistoric' football in their Champions League quarter-final tie. Man City's defensive display across both legs helped dump Atletico out of the competition at the Wanda Metropolitano on Wednesday night. The Premier League champions edged a 1-0 win at the Etihad Stadium last week after Kevin De Bruyne found a second-half breakthrough. And they secured safe passage into the semi-finals following a cagey 0-0 stalemate in the Spanish capital. Pep Guardiola's side, famous for expansive, attacking football, switched their style to conserve their lead throughout the second leg. And they played Atletico at their own game perfectly, managing the game to perfection and riling up the hosts' players and manager, Diego Simeone. In the aftermath, somewhat ironically, Atleti president Cezero slammed Man City for how they approached Wednesday's clash at the Wanda. And the 74-year-old even called Guardiola's style of play 'prehistoric' in comparison to the La Liga giants' 'attacking' mindset. JUST IN: Cavani's Man Utd transfer stance amid Erik ten Hag's expected arrival He told Marca: "It was a match that, with a bit of luck, would have taken us to the semi-finals. We were not lucky enough to score a goal and reach extra time. We are a team that has a lot of status so that someone can offend us, and in the end, it has been shown that everyone has their prehistory. "We played a good game, attacking and City yesterday played prehistory, defending and put a wall in front of their goal so they wouldn't score. Everybody has seen it. City was a completely defensive team. In the second half they shot on goal once. Yesterday it was shown that each one has their prehistory." READ MORE: Liverpool will get close look at 'Sadio Mane successor' after Benfica Guardiola's visitors maintained 60 per cent possession but registered just one shot on target in the second leg. However, Atletico have become notorious for being a nightmare draw in European knockout competition because of Simeone and his players' ability to slow down the game as much as possible, especially when ahead. Progressing past such a task, where mighty teams have fallen in previous seasons, puts Man City in excellent stead to go all the way and finally lift their maiden Champions League trophy in May. Meanwhile, Atleti will undoubtedly be back again next season to inflict more frustration-farming terror on their opponents. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.