Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak, along with 50 others so far, have been given fixed penalty notices for their attendance at illegal Downing Street parties held while the country was in lockdown. This makes Mr Johnson the first serving Prime Minister of the UK to be sanctioned for breaking the law. Police have been investigating 12 gatherings at Mr Johnson's Downing Street office and the Cabinet Office after a damning internal inquiry found his staff had enjoyed alcohol-fuelled parties that should not have been allowed during the time period. Mr Johnson said he had attended a few of the events, but has always denied knowingly committing any wrongdoing. Mr Johnson is understood to have been present at up to six of the 12 illegal events, and his wife, Carrie, has also been issued a fixed penalty notice. Anyone who breached coronavirus restrictions was given a fixed penalty notice, which is a relatively minor fine which, unless settled, will become a criminal offence. Some 124,626 of these have been issued to the public in the last two years.  READ MORE: Boris Johnson: NINE times PM claimed ‘rules were followed’  Any individual issued with a fixed penalty notice is entitled to appeal it, which could see them appear in court. If Mr Johnson contests the fine, police will have to review the case and either withdraw the penalty or take the matter to court. However, the fixed penalty notices for breaking Covid laws do not result in a criminal record. Although, in the interest of public opinion, Mr Johnson may make a political decision not to take the case to court to prevent further backlash from the public. If the decision is taken to not appeal, those who receive fines must pay them within 28 days.  Over the course of the legally enforced lockdowns in the UK, a number of varying fines were issued depending on the offence. Restrictions on small gatherings resulted in fixed penalty notices starting at £200 for the first offence and doubled with every subsequent offence until reaching a price cap of £6,400. For large events of more than 15 people, fines started at £800 and again, doubled each time until reaching a price cap of £6,400. For those attending even larger gatherings of 30 or more people, £10,000 fines were issued. A Government spokesperson said: “The Prime Minister and Chancellor of the Exchequer have today received notification that the Metropolitan Police intend to issue them with fixed penalty notices.  "We have no further details, but we will update you again when we do." DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak resign? [POLL]Sturgeon and Starmer order Boris to resign after fines [INSIGHT]Boris Johnson FINED for lockdown parties - Will he resign? [ANALYSIS]    Several of the gatherings are said to have taken place when people could not attend funerals or visit loved ones in hospital due to the strict and prosecutable rules enforced by Mr Johnson’s Government. After the events were first reported in December 2021, Mr Johnson denied all allegations, saying no parties took place and all rules and Covid guidelines were followed. Soon after, the Prime Minister issued an apology to Parliament for attending one event, which he said he thought was work-related. He also apologised to the Queen for another at which staff partied on the eve of her husband, Prince Philip's, funeral. The Covid-19 Bereaved Families for Justice UK group said it was "still unbelievably painful" that Mr Johnson had broken his own rules when they were unable to be with loved ones as they died.  The group tweeted: "The fact that @BorisJohnson and @RishiSunak then lied about it, and would have continued to do so if the police hadn't intervened, is truly shameless." They continued: "There is simply no way either the Prime Minister or Chancellor can continue. Their dishonesty has caused untold hurt to the bereaved." Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon have called for Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak to resign. Sir Keir said: "Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. They must both resign." The Liberal Democrats have called for parliament to be recalled immediately from recess and for there to be a vote of no-confidence in Mr Johnson. However, Mr Johnson’s immediate future will be determined by lawmakers in his own Conservative Party, who can trigger a leadership challenge if 54 of the 360 who sit in parliament demand a confidence vote. 