Day one of the three-day 2022 Grand National Festival gets underway today (Thursday) as we slowly gear up to Saturday's showpiece race. There's plenty of action today and tomorrow before the big one on Saturday though, with seven races throughout the afternoon and evening today on day one at Aintree including four Grade 1 events. The opening day of this year's Festival is dedicated to the heroes and heroines of the country's NHS, who will be honoured throughout the day, and 10,000 tickets have been given away to NHS Merseyside staff. Around 35,000 people will pack into the famous Aintree racecourse today on one of the most popular days of jump racing across the country. A lot of eyes will be on who Rachael Blackmore is riding after she won the 2021 Grand National aboard Minella Times. She became the first female jockey to ever win the National as a result and will seek to repeat the feat with the same horse this weekend. She rides three times on Thursday with Gin On Lime (13.45), Zarkareva (16.40) and Lady Excalibur (17.15). MUST READ: Grand National Festival tips 2022: Day One best bets and race previews Blackmore told Bet Victor: "Gin On Lime is my first of three rides today in the Manifesto Novices' Chase. She's had a break since her last run at Cheltenham in November. That turned out to be quite a dramatic race, but she came out of it well, and since then, Henry (De Bromhead) has had time to freshen her up. "I didn't think she jumped as well as she can that day, but she's been schooling well, and I believe she'll like it at Aintree. Next up, I'm on Zarkareva in the Close Brothers Red Rum Handicap Chase. She was a little disappointing the last day but seems in better form now. Hopefully, she’ll be in the shake-up at the end. "I've picked up a lovely ride for Alan Jones in the bumper on Lady Excalibur. She's a very nice Camelot mare who has already won around Aintree. I should find out a bit more about her when I meet Alan, but I’m very much looking forward to riding her." 1.45pm: The SSS Super Alloys Manifesto Novices’ Steeple Chase (Class 1) Grade 1 2m 4f 1) Millers Bank 2) War Lord 3) The Widdow Maker 2.20pm: The Jewson Anniversary 4-y-o Juvenile Hurdle (Class 1) Grade 1 2m 1f 1) Pied Piper & Knight Salute (dead heat) 2) Brazil 2.55pm: The Betway Bowl Steeple Chase (Class 1) Grade 1 3m 1f Results to be confirmed later today 3.30pm: The Betway Aintree Hurdle (Grade 1) 2m 4f Results to be confirmed later today 4.05pm: The Randox Foxhunters’ Open Hunters’ Steeple Chase 2m 5f Results to be confirmed later today 4.40pm: The Close Brothers Red Rum Handicap Steeple Chase (Class 1) Grade 3 2m Results to be confirmed later today 5.15pm: The Goffs UK Nickel Coin Mares’ Standard Open NH Flat (Grade 2) 2m 1f Results to be confirmed later today