The plans would see car owners only needing to take their car in for tests every two years instead of the current yearly requirement. But rather than see a benefit in cost savings, drivers have reacted with anger, believing it could be dangerous. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps suggested reducing the need for an MOT renewal to every two years, rather than one, to cut costs for households. Number 10 said the Prime Minister wanted to explore “innovative ways” to ease living costs, with proposals being sent to the Government’s domestic and economic strategy committee for further discussion. But the AA motoring group has said changing the requirement could end up costing motorists more. Jack Cousens, head of roads policy at the AA, said: “Though well intended, moving the yearly £55 spend on an MOT to every two years could make costs worse for drivers with higher repair bills, make our roads more dangerous and would put jobs in the garage industry at risk. “Only recently the Government stepped away from switching the MOT to every two years on the grounds of road safety. While AA polling shows overwhelming support from drivers who like the security that an annual health check provides." And motorists flocked to Express.co.uk to have their say on the controversial idea with most believing that the current system doesn’t need changing. Reader ‘Just my opinion’ spoke for many when they said: “If it ain't broke don't fix it, they should stop fiddling about and remove the road tax, what do we pay it for, cyclists don't, but they get the law on their side!” ‘Rob.1.N’ replied: “I agree! The road tax system is unfair. I pay over £550 per annum because my car has high CO2 emissions, but I only drive 2,000 miles a year and pollute considerably less than a car taxed at half that which is average mileage! ‘Johnwicksr’ added: “If this is proposed as a serious idea, this government needs removing.”‘Stacpollaidh’ claimed: “Of course the price cap will increase accordingly, and the numerous garages charging less than the present cap will increase accordingly. “Road tax and fuel tax need to be vastly reduced, but of course the pigs at the trough know that, and they have no intention of cutting anything. “As for the dumb motorways, watch this space, their real use of toll charges are coming on top of all the other obscene costs for the cash cow motorist.” Meanwhile a spokesman for car leasing giant LeaseCar.uk welcomed the proposals to relax the rules on MOTs but warned that safety should always be front of mind. He said: “Motorists have been hit hard by the cost of living crisis with fuel costs and inflation on car ownership currently running very high. “However when it comes to vehicles safety must always be the primary concern. "We feel that a biannual MOT could be a good idea for cars between three and ten years old. “While reducing the burden on drivers is welcome, we would prefer a stepped approach so that older cars, perhaps those over 10 years old, still require an annual MOT." But Express.co.uk reader ‘filly1’ commented: “Is this government nuts ? That would save us 50pence a week for 1 year !!! Hardly helping is it?” ‘Lancastrian Lad’ replied defending the plans, writing: “50p here, 50p there, it all adds up. Like turning round a struggling business, it is rarely one big change that returns it to profitability but a series of small ones. “The annual MOT introduced in the 1960s was to deal with dangerous rust buckets and higher speeds on the new motorways. “Today's vehicles are far safer and more reliable and the owner still has to maintain it to MOT standard between tests.”