The cost of living crisis has Britain in one of its biggest financial binds in a decade. Now, the cost of fresh food is skyrocketing at a time when families are being forced into deciding whether to heat their homes or put food on the table. Exactly how much has your food bill risen? According to the Food Foundation, prices have risen 5.1 percent on average in the 12 months to February 2022. The foundation says food prices have risen in all categories, the highest increase of 6.7 percent has been in oils and fats and then fruits at 6.2 percent. Milk, cheese and eggs have risen by 6.1 percent, and meat has risen by 5.2 percent.  READ MORE: Have Your Say: Should green tax be scrapped? 12% of bills is tax? Suppliers have warned recent strikes by lorry drivers over fuel costs in Spain could have an effect on the cost of fruit and vegetables in the UK. Importers say it may take 10 days for supplies of produce such as tomatoes and lettuce to return to normal and costs for firms could rise by up to 30 percent. What’s more, the war in Ukraine is expected to keep food prices high as the conflict continues. The Food Foundation explains: “Russia and Ukraine combined contribute 12 percent of total calories traded globally, 72 percent of global sunflower oil and 34 percent of the global wheat market - key staples for many countries. “Therefore, the disruption to production and trade that is already being seen threatens global food security.” The foundation added: “In fact, global prices of wheat already skyrocketed as a result with some reports of increases of over 50 percent following the invasion. “Furthermore, the war is driving up input costs - most significantly fuel, fertiliser and animal feed – which in turn will be major drivers of food price increases.” Shona Goudie, policy research manager at the Food Foundation, said: “Predictions of decreasing real incomes, and increasing fuel and food prices are at their worst yet.  DON'T MISSSelf sufficient Britain! Seven new nuclear plants by 2050 [INSIGHT]Leave voters claim 'EU having to print money now the UK has left' [REPORT]Council tax warning: Millions to miss out on rebate worth £150 [ANALYSIS] “Families being unable to afford to eat well or heat their homes will have a devastating effect on their health, both physically from having to rely on less nutritious food and mentally from the stress of not being able to provide for their families. “Government cannot stop a global crisis, but they must do more to mitigate the impact on its citizens in the UK. “Even if the war stops tomorrow, the impact on food and fuel prices will not be reversed immediately and the disruption that has already occurred will having an ongoing effect. “Government will have to take much stronger actions if it is to prevent us moving from a cost of living crisis into a cost of living emergency.”