Catherine LeMay said her childrens' accounts had been targeted in a convincing scheme that led her to transfer her money into another account. Mrs LeMay explained that she responded to a text purporting to be from Royal Mail about a missed parcel and clicked on a link to rebook it. The scam text message is usually from an unknown sender, and it asks for payment of a delivery fee and includes a link to a website to make that payment. The website has a very similar look and feel to that of Royal Mail’s, it even included links to Royal Mail’s social media feeds. The mother-of-two, who lives in Glasgow's west end, said this had happened during the school run while she was "rushing and flustered" and so she hadn't checked the authenticity of the website. She just paid £1.15 for a re-delivery.She mentioned the text to a friend who warned her that it could be a scam. READ MORE: Pensioners could be missing out on up to £4,000 a year from DWP - are you?   She said he asked her about a payment of £1.15, then took her through a security check, which she said had allayed her fears about the authenticity of the call. He told her the bank had discovered "lots of suspicious activity" in her account including three attempts to apply for credit cards in her name and pornography websites trying to take money. He said a Samsung phone in Liverpool was logged into her internet banking account. He said he was going to set her up with a new account and advised her to transfer her funds as, “all her money was at risk.” She told The Herald: “He randomly generated a new account number and sort code so I could pay the money to my new account without alerting the fraudsters who would try and grab all my money if they realised what I was doing.” Mrs LeMay said she was still a bit unsure but he then sent her a security text purporting to be from the bank. She continued: “In the cold light of day it sounds like I was pretty naïve but at the heightened state of panic I just wasn’t thinking straight and I thought I was doing the right thing to save our money. "He was being so helpful, saying that there were gangs operating in Liverpool but I wasn't to worry because they were going to make sure my accounts were safe." She made two payments to this new account but while doing so her husband called to tell her that Santander had been in touch to alert the family to the fraud. At this point the fraudster had hung up "with all the family’s savings". She said she had “hardly stopped crying” since it had happened and had reported the scam to the police. She felt a sense of relief as Santander agreed to deposit the funds she had lost back into her account. On its website, Royal Mail explains how scam delivery texts operate and what people should look out for. The postal service explained: “Fraudsters and criminals want to lure you into giving them something which they can use to their advantage. “In a scam email or text message, their goal is often to convince you to click a link (this is known as ‘phishing’). “Once clicked, you may be sent to a dodgy website which could download viruses onto your computer, or steal your passwords and personal information.”