As one of the largest household appliances, the average refrigerator in the UK will consume 162 kWh/year and will cost £23.50, according to research by refrigeration specialists ADK Kooling. Omar Idrissi, a spokesman for the company, points out: "Because it is always switched on it uses energy every minute of every day." With the cost of living crisis in the UK in full swing, and energy bills on the incline since the price cap rise on April 1, many British households are looking for new ways to save money. Though turning off your fridge is not an option, according to Mr Idrissi, there are some ways you can boost the efficiency of your appliance. However, he said: "Before we go any further it is crucial to note if you have a fridge that is older than 15 years, it may be time to upgrade to full benefit from energy savings by choosing an appliance with Energy-Star certification. "Although the upfront cost is high it will save you money in the long run." READ MORE: Is it cheaper to boil water in a microwave? Replace your fridge door seal regularly Your fridge door seal, or gasket, is a flexible elastic strip attached to the outer edge of a refrigerator or freezer compartment. This seal is designed to form an air-tight barrier that keeps cool air in and warm air out. Mr Idrissi said: "Despite how important this plastic bit of lining is to ensuring your fridge operates efficiently and smoothly, it is easy to overlook. "Gaskets often wear away and their suction becomes less effective with time. "Although a high-quality fridge can run efficiently for numerous years, the gasket may start to weaken and tear after just a couple of years." DON'T MISSWhat to do with tulips after they have bloomed [INSIGHT]Is it cheaper to boil water in a microwave? [EXPLAINER]Property: Questions to ask during property viewings [REVEALED] If your gasket needs to be replaced, you may notice some wear and tear or even gaps. You can also test the seal with a thin piece of paper. Place the paper between the refrigerator door and refrigerator, and close the door on it. Then, try to pull it out slowly. If you feel it drag slightly, it is likely your gasket doesn’t need replacing. However, if the paper pulls out quickly or has moisture or mould on it, then it may be time to get a new gasket. Mr Idrissi added: "Look to replace this seal when it starts to break down, because the worse it gets, the harder your fridge will have to work to ensure food is kept cool enough and chilled, increasing your electricity bills while shortening its lifespan in the process." The harder your fridge has to work to keep items cool, the more energy you will use overall. According to Mr Idrissi, keeping high sources of heat too close to your fridge can result in energy wastage and could even shorten the lifespan of your appliance. He said: "If possible, try to design your kitchen so that you can keep the dishwasher, oven and any other sources of high heat away from your fridge. "It is also recommended that you keep your fridge in a shaded part of the kitchen away from direct sunlight." Condenser coils work to remove excess warmth from your fridge and are typically found underneath and at the back of your fridge. Over time, they can become dusty, which makes it harder for them to function efficiently. Mr Idrissi said: "This causes them to work harder than they were designed to, which increases the amount of energy your fridge consumes which not only causes spikes in your monthly utility bills but could cause major issues for your appliance at a later date. "To ensure they are kept clean, spend a small amount of money on a bristle brush as this is an easy way to get rid of the dust and dirt that accumulates around the coils. "You don't even have to clean them too regularly, just make sure the dust and debris are not allowed to build up enough to stop the condenser from doing its job." Keeping leftover food in a Tupperware container to eat another day is a great way to reduce food waste. However, they could play a crucial role in warming your fridge if you don't allow them to cool properly. Mr Idrissi explained: "It's often the smallest of details that can save you the biggest amount of money on utility bills. "When you give your leftovers sufficient time to cool down properly, before putting them in the fridge, you are preventing that small increase in temperature to affect your fridge. "It is also recommended that you store food in either plastic boxes or protective wrapping before putting it into the fridge, to stop any residual heat from escaping."