Spain is experiencing a rise in electricity prices that is three times the EU average, according to Eurostat data published last week. The energy crisis has been exacerbated by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and this has been particularly true for Spain, where prices shot up by 9.8 percent in the first month of Putin's war when compared with 2021. Prices are substantially higher in Spain than for the average across the EU of 7.8 percent, or when compared with Germany at 7.6 percent, Italy at 6.8 percent or France at 5.1 percent.This contrast is primarily the result of surging electricity prices. Among the EU countries, only Lithuania (15.6 percent), Estonia (14.8 percent), the Czech Republic (11.9 percent), the Netherlands (11.7 percent), Latvia (11.5 percent), Bulgaria (10.5 percent) and Poland (10.2 percent) recorded higher price rises than Spain. Spanish newspaper 20minutos argues that the reason for Spain being particularly affected by the war in Ukraine, despite it being so geographically far and lacking many direct links to either country involved, is due to the specific way the electricity market works in Spain. According to Eurostat’s data, 42 percent of the 9.8 percent inflation in Spain was due to electricity - a significantly higher figure than that for the average European country of 28 percent. For countries like France, electricity is only responsible for 14.7 percent of inflation. At the start of the invasion, electricity prices in European wholesale markets hit record highs due to the sudden climb in gas prices. For Spain, wholesale electricity prices averaged €285 (£240) per megawatt hour, making last month its most expensive in history. This meant that Spain’s electricity bill soared 107.8 percent higher than in the same month in 2021. Within the EU, the only country to reach higher than this was the Netherlands at 181.9 percent. This huge surge in prices resulted in Spain’s inflation of electricity prices hitting three times the EU average. READ MORE: Horror as Irishman kicked to death on Malaga beach [REVEAL] The reason for this, argues 20minutos, is the way by which Spain’s energy market is regulated. Portugal, for instance, shares its wholesale electricity and gas markets with Spain - but only saw an increase of 5.3 percent on the electricity bills of its citizens, rather than Spain’s 107.8 percent In Spain roughly 60 percent of households' supply is contracted on the free market, in which flat tariffs are the standard. Under this system, the consumer pays per kilowatt-hour of energy at a fixed price, with prices only revised when the contract is updated. This system is common across Europe, and has been protecting European consumers against feeling the hit of the soaring electricity prices. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin's horror plot to 'force Ukrainian troops to fight [REVEAL]Brexit LIVE: 'Invincible' Macron to unleash hell on 'isolated' Britain [ANALYSIS]POLL: Should Tory MP who made Angela Rayner comments be punished? [INSIGHT] However, the other 40 percent of Spanish households have their bills contracted on the regulated market, in which consumers’ monthly bills are directly linked to wholesale energy prices. For these consumers, a rise in wholesale electricity prices is automatically passed onto them. Furthermore, the Spanish Statistics Institute only takes into account electricity bills in the regulated market to calculate how much household electricity bills rise or fall. This renders their measurement of electricity prices inaccurate and likely much higher than the actual amount. For instance, CaixaBank Research estimated in a study published in January in which it analysed two million electricity bills, that the average CPI for 2021 could have closed at 2.2 percent - not 3.1 percent as it was reported. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega.