Max Verstappen is set to receive new upgrades to his Red Bull within two races which will give him a ”significant time advantage” over his rivals, according to team advisor Helmut Marko. Red Bull have been one of the fastest cars on the grid in 2022, claiming one win and challenging for another. Had it not been for a late double retirement in Bahrain, Verstappen would already have two podiums under his belt and would be next to Leclerc in the standings. After their fuel pump issues, Verstappen lies 20 points behind the Monegasque and has some catching up to do. Marko has warned Red Bull have a weight problem with their car which will be addressed. He has promised the team is working to reduce weight using “expensive materials”. He said the new material would be considerably lighter and could see considerable improvement to lap time. Speaking to Servus TV, he warned Red Bull were losing around four-tenths per lap at some circuits like Jeddah due to the issues. The improvement is expected to improve times by around 0,2s per lap at Imola which has more medium-speed corners. He added: “Reducing weight means more expensive materials, which are lighter, and new parts have to be made as well. Our car is definitely more difficult to tune, but we will lose some weight in Imola. That should give us a significant time advantage, time gain in other words.” According to Motorsport.com’s Italian sources Red Bull are looking for a reduction of around 8kg. READ MORE: Max Verstappen makes F1 break request for Las Vegas Grand Prix It is expected to cost the team around two million euros to complete the works. Red Bull are not the only ones eyeing new upgrades for the next couple of races. Their 2021 title rivals Mercedes look set to install new aerodynamic updates at the Australian Grand Prix, ahead of schedule. The new parts were also expected to be installed at Imola but it is believed they have been fast-tracked due to the team's issues, Further updates are expected on the Silver Arrows at the Spanish Grand Prix in Barcelona. DON'T MISSCharles Leclerc has proved he can win F1 title against Max Verstappen  [INSIGHT]Mercedes 'to experiment' on Lewis Hamilton's car [ANALYSIS]Mercedes backed to battle Red Bull and Ferrari 'in two or three races' [COMMENT] Red Bull team principal Christian Horner said he had “no feelings” about Mercedes struggles but predicted they would soon be back at the front. He said: "They are struggling. I have no feelings about their competitiveness. Obviously, I am focused on our competitiveness in what is a very intense fight with Ferrari at the moment. I have no doubt that at some point, Mercedes will join that battle but my focus is very much on our team.”