Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick thinks the club have big problems up top despite Cristiano Ronaldo’s heroics this term, according to reports. The Portugal international has bagged 22 goals across all competitions, with his latest coming against Arsenal on Saturday. However, there’s no guarantee he’ll be part of the Erk ten Hag era. Ronaldo’s performance against Arsenal was a positive one on Saturday, with the United star scoring in a 3-1 defeat at the Emirates Stadium. But, while he’s produced the goods since returning from Juventus, his long-term future is up in the air. According to the Mirror, Rangnick feels the club have ‘big problems’ up top despite the prolificness he’s demonstrated. And that suggests there’s no guarantee Ronaldo will hang around to play under Ten Hag, who was confirmed as the club’s new boss earlier in the week. United’s other attackers also have uncertain futures. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Mason Greenwood remains unavailable, with the youngster last featuring against West Ham back in January before his arrest. Anthony Martial has failed to kick on at Sevilla and could be sold as a result, having failed to fulfil his potential. Marcus Rashford has been linked with Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain having scored just five goals across all competitions this term. And Edinson Cavani is expected to depart on a free, having struggled for action ever since Ronaldo’s return. With Rangnick unimpressed by United’s attacking options, a big summer of change lies ahead. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And the Red Devils are being linked with numerous marksmen as they prepare for the commencement of yet another new era with Ten Hag at the helm. Darwin Nunez is one player believed to be on their radar. The Benfica star has been in outrageous form this season, scoring a stunning 33 goals across all competitions. But landing the Uruguay international won’t be easy with La Liga giants Atletico Madrid also interested in a deal. United had been hoping to land Erling Haaland at the start of the campaign, despite previously missing out on the Borussia Dortmund star in January 2020. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet it’s Manchester City and Real Madrid who are currently the frontrunners in the battle to land the Norway international. Harry Kane is another option for United. But Tottenham won’t want to lose their talisman to the Red Devils, having refused to do business since Dimitar Berbatov’s controversial move to Old Trafford in 2008. And, if Spurs qualify for the Champions League next term, it’s possible Kane will stay in north London. Meanwhile, Ten Hag has been asked about how he’ll handle Ronaldo and the other big-name players at United. And the Dutchman has made it clear that he won’t change his style to suit players. "I think so, but I will remain myself in that too,” he said when asked if he’ll be able to manage them. "I will not change my view on coaching. The material always determines how you play, but I indicate the requirements that come with it and the standards. "I tell who has what task and who does not meet it, will be told that, regardless of who it is. “I make no concessions in that regard."