Black mould is a dangerous fungus also known as Stachybotrys Chartarum and has long been the curse of homeowners, appearing not just in bathrooms, but in bedrooms, behind furniture, around windows and even on floors and clothes. Far from just being an aesthetic problem, studies have shown that mould is bad for your health, causing headaches, breathing problems and even triggering asthma. Fighting back against the problem as soon as it rears its head is, therefore, imperative. Cleaning experts at Envirovent have detailed how homeowners can go about removing black mould from anywhere around their home. When faced with a black mould outbreak, a significant proportion of homeowners will automatically reach for the bleach. Such a tactic is understandable according to the experts as this is a “highly effective” method. The cleaning pros said: “The chlorine in bleach is highly effective in attacking the proteins making up the mould spores, killing them and other microbes. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home “Without doubt, it's a highly effective means of getting rid of unsightly mould outbreaks and removing surrounding stains.” For those who do wish to try this method, remember to wear thick clothes (you don't mind getting ruined), rubber gloves and a face guard as both the mould and bleach fumes can be dangerous to inhale. To get rid of mould with bleach simply mix one part bleach to four parts water and using a damp cloth gently scrub until the mould is gone. Once finished, dry the area well with a soft cloth. Despite long being a household favourite, bleach can give off dangerous, toxic fumes, so should be used with extreme caution, according to the experts. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to get rid of limescale from taps using 2p coin - ‘easy’ [TIPS]Garden pests: How to keep vegetable gardens ‘pest-free’ naturally [COMMENT]Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows [EXPERT] Dubbed as one of the more “natural remedies”, baking soda has been used as a cure for black mould outbreaks for generations, and many people still swear by it. The cleaning pros said: “Baking soda has a pH of around 8-8.1, too high for mould to thrive, meaning it serves as a natural disinfectant. “The one big advantage of using baking soda is that it's relatively mild and contains no harmful chemicals. “This means it's harmless to your family and to any household pets, plus there's no risk of the treatment damaging your property. “What's more, as well as killing the mould, baking soda also kills off unpleasant odours and it absorbs moisture, so, in theory at least, the problem shouldn't return.” On the downside, while effective for minor outbreaks, baking soda is nowhere near as potent as bleach. One other common old wives' tale is to battle back against black mould with everyday white vinegar. Since vinegar is acidic, with a pH of around 2.5, it works to attack the structure of the mould, breaking it down and eventually killing it. The experts explained: “Using vinegar could not be simpler. All you need to do is spray it directly on to the affected area, or alternatively, spray the vinegar on to a rag and then apply it on the mould this way. “Wait for around 15 minutes, do it again and then finish off by wiping the area clean with a damp rag.” Again, the big advantage here is that vinegar is a natural, non-toxic cleaner and so perfectly safe to use in the home. On the downside, however, it can leave a slight (if temporary) odour, plus, more importantly, like baking soda, it can only really be trusted to tackle mild outbreaks.