Footage shows the just-landed DHL cargo plane before splitting in half at the end of the runway. The viral video captured the moment the pilot tried move the plane to the end of the landing strip but ended up skidding, with white smoke billowing as the wheels proceeded down the strip. The Boeing 757-200's tail can be seen shifting to the right before completing a 180-degree turn. As the nose of the plane turned completely in the opposite direction of travel, more smoke can be seen before the wheels appear to collapse. Clouds of smoke then begin to emerge from the remnants of the plane now split in half at the end of the runway. The peculiar accident took place at Juan Santamaria International Airport in San José, Costa Rica. One of the pilots had reportedly asked for an emergency landing shortly after takeoff due to an alleged failure in the hydraulic system. JUST IN: Russian economy in freefall as Putin facing deepest recession since fall of Soviet Union Local reports say neither of the pilots was harmed but were checked out of an abundance of caution. Firefighters intervened and doused the plane in foam after concluding its journey in a field next to the runway. DHL confirmed an investigation into the accident will be conducted. Juan Santamaria International Airport remained closed for five hours immediately after the crash. READ MORE: 'Gulp!' Andrew Neil outlines humiliation for Macron as Le Pen romps ahead in new poll Air operator Aeris said an approximate 8,500 passengers and 57 flights were affected by the incident. DHL said: "DHL’s incident response team has been activated and an investigation will be conducted with the relevant authorities to determine what happened." A spokesperson for Boeing Co said they would defer questions to the authorities investigating the accident. DHL and airport officials said they had joined forces to remove the aircraft but maintained the broken-down plane was not affecting operations. DON'T MISS: Qatar Airways plane sparks Twitter frenzy after landing on 3rd attempt 'Pulled it out bag' [VIDEO]Ryanair flight to Alicante declares emergency after take-offHuge RAF military plane circling low across UK skyline before midnight