Russia's foreign ministry said on Monday that it had declared 40 German diplomatic staff "personae non gratae" in a retaliatory move. In a statement, Russia's foreign ministry said it had taken the decision after Berlin declared a "significant number" of officials at the Russian embassy "undesirable" earlier this month. Germany’s Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock said the Russian diplomats had “worked against our freedom, against the cohesion of our society here in Germany every day". She added that their work “is a threat to those who seek protections with us”. Maria Zakharova, spokeswoman for the Russian Foreign Minister, responded by saying: “We will also respond to this malicious act of the German political machine."    According to Faz, Russia has been repeatedly responding to sanctions on diplomats by expelling an equivalent or similar number themselves. The German secret service had been planning for the Russian ploy for weeks, and had already drawn up lists of Russian diplomats working directly or indirectly for the various Russian secret services in Germany in mid-March. German paper Der Spiegel reported that far more than 100 Germans in Russia will likely be affected by the decision, as their relatives will also have to leave the country. It is expected that the services of the German representations, including consulates outside the capital Moscow, will have to be significantly reduced. The German embassy is the largest among the representations of EU states in Moscow.  This comes as Vladimir Putin's devastating invasion of Ukraine enters its third month. Meanwhile, Conservative Party chairman Oliver Dowden on Sunday said Germany and France could be doing more to support Ukraine. The Cabinet minister told Sky News' Sophy Ridge On Sunday programme: "I would like to see more, but the Prime Minister is engaging on precisely that point. "So, earlier this week he had a call not just with President Biden but also President Macron and the leaders of other countries such as Germany. "There is a desire for us all to do it but it would be good to see more from France and Germany as well." 