Channel 5's All Creatures Great and Small season two left viewers on the edge of their seats as James (played by Nicholas Ralph) finally plucked up the courage to ask Helen (Rachel Shenton) to marry him. The couple's up and down relationship has been one of the main storylines throughout the first two seasons, and viewers have already been delighted with the confirmation of their marriage. Rachel recently opened up about the two character's relationship and admitted that she "didn't know" how their romance would play out. She explained: "It was great. We didn’t know how it was going to play out or work because the last time we saw Helen was at the wedding, that never was, and there was so much unspoken between the two of them, but nothing happened. "So I was really interested to see how that would play out, what that story would look like and what Ben [Vanstone, series lead writer] would do, and we couldn’t have wished for anything better. "They really tentatively stepped towards each other [in Season two], and it’s done with a lot of care and consideration, which is indicative of those two as people and how their relationship evolves. "And so Ben absolutely did that perfectly. There were so many moments that we were reading it as actors going, “Oh, come on, will they get together?” So it was really nice. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... "I couldn’t have wished for anything better, really, I love how they stepped towards each other!" she said in an interview with PBS Masterpiece. During the second series, James finally admitted his feelings for Helen after she left Hugh Hulton (Matthew Lewis) at the altar. She too felt the same way about James and the pair eventually made their relationship public, with Helen starting a civil friendship with her ex. In the final instalment, James' boss Siegfried Farnon (Samuel West) suggested he propose to Helen before it was too late. James was reluctant to pop the question as he had plans to move out into their own home first before making the big jump into marriage. Channel 5 bosses have teased the newest instalment will be a big series for the couple after they suffered several setbacks throughout their friendship and relationship. Producer Ben Vanstone teasedr: "In season three, Helen and James have become engaged, so I think it's fair to say there may be a marriage on the horizon, perhaps. "It's 1939, so it will come as no surprise that war is looming, and that will increasingly cast a shadow over our characters' lives. DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small's Mrs Hall star explains reluctant love [INSIGHT] All Creatures Great and Small boss describes ‘scary’ pigs on set [LATEST]ACGAS stars Helen and James looked love up as they kiss on set [WATCH] "Ultimately, our show is about Darrowby and the world of the Yorkshire Dales and the farmers within it. "There's a great horse story in episode three, which is really moving, and I think it's going to be fantastic. We don't have any lambs in spring this year, come to think of it, but someone in Skeldale House might get a new pet," he teased. The hit series is based on the life of the real Yorkshire vet, Alf Wight, whose pen name for his novels was James Herriot. Helen Alderson was also inspired by his real-life wife, Joan Catherine Anderson Danbury, who he married in 1941. As the series has followed the real events in their lives so far, their marriage could end the couple's tumultuous storyline and sit at a satisfying end. Alf and Joan went on to have two children, Jim and Rosie, so there is a chance Helen and James will start a family before the series ends. All Creatures Great and Small is available to watch on My5