This Morning star Alison Hammond, 47, has been honoured with an Easter egg dedicated to her. The presenter took to Twitter to join in the giggles as fans receive their funny Easter treats. Alison took to Twitter last night to laugh with one social media user who shared a video as he opened his Alison egg. The fan looked ecstatic as he opened his egg with an Alison cut out in the background. Responding in view of her 415,900 followers she shared three laughing face emojis. This is not the first time Alison has taken to the social media site to share her excitement over her own Easter egg. READ MORE: 'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands Twitter page London on the Inside shared a promotional image of the egg with the caption: "We all know what we really want for Easter is a hot pink, raspberry flavoured @AlisonHammond head." Alison replied: "The moment you become an Easter egg." Further, social media users Ed James tweeted: "@AlisonHammond have you seen this? Nice ears!! @AcornsHospice." Alison then joked: "Yes, can you believe it! They have made me into an Easter egg! "I'm an Easter hunny!" The Instagram page Love of Huns ran a poll asking their followers to vote for their favourite hun. In the running was chef Nigella Lawson, Alexandra Burke, Kate Slater and many more. Alison came out victorious and the Instagram page partnered with Deliveroo to offer the Easter Hunny treat. DON'T MISS... Fern Britton has an Easter 'disaster' as she trips on stairs at home [COMMENT] Amanda Holden flaunts long legs as she lounges in bikini for Easter [INSTAGRAM] Julia Bradbury shares insight to her biggest 'support' [FAMILY] A benefit of the incredible Easter Hunny egg is all proceeds are going to Acorns Children's Hospice. The charity provides a network of care and support to life-limited and life-threatened children and their families across the UK. Deliveroo spokesperson Aisha Jefferson said: "It’s no surprise to us that Alison Hammond was crowned the nation’s number one ‘hun’, she’s an icon! "We have loved having her as the inspiration for our limited-edition Easter Hunny and are thrilled to be giving all of the proceeds to Acorn’s Children Charity - a charity that Alison has raised money for in the past." The presenter recently recalled her horror after being referred to as "the black host" upon joining This Morning. Speaking to Lorraine Kelly and daughter Rosie on their What If? podcast, Alison discussed her 'shock' at the awful comments when she started her new role. She said: "I tell you what was really upsetting, like I can remember reading an article and it was the first time that I'd become like just a colour. "Because it said 'Black host replaces Eamonn and Ruth'. And it really upset me. She added: "I just became a black host, And that really was quite shocking and quite upsetting." Available from 15th April until sold out, the Alison Easter Hunny eggs can be ordered exclusively via the Deliveroo app in London (Crouch End and Acton), Manchester and Bristol for £6.63 with free delivery. Search for ‘Easter Hunny Egg’ in the here.