If Erik ten Hag decided to tune in and watch Manchester United's encounter with Chelsea on Thursday evening, the Dutchman will have understood where he needs to strengthen in the summer transfer window. The Red Devils battled to a 1-1 draw but the performance underlined a number of areas of weakness in the side, particularly in midfield. Man United struggled to maintain possession throughout the game, much to the frustration of the home crowd, and that was underlined by a damning statistic about Scott McTominay, which showed the Scotland international remarkably failed to complete a pass in the second half until after the 84th minute. According to data from StatsZone, McTominay had only attempted three passes in the second half and completed none of them, highlighting a problem area for Ten Hag to solve in the centre of midfield. It is one thing to not have the ball, but to see his future squad be so wasteful with possession will paint a concerning picture for the incoming United head coach. READ MORE: Man Utd told to abandon long-term plan and make Ralf Rangnick u-turn  Ten Hag's preference for possession-based football means that players that are unable to display technical brilliance and a high standard of passing are likely to be ousted from the starting XI. McTominay, as a box-to-box midfielder, demonstrates great energy and work rate but his passing ability leaves a lot to be desired, and that could put his position under threat. It could explain why Ten Hag's first priority this summer appears to be signing a central midfielder. The Dutchman will take over from Ralf Rangnick on a three-year contract at the end of the season and will oversee what is likely to be one of the biggest shake-ups seen at Old Trafford since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement in 2013. DON'T MISSRangnick outlines Man Utd's transfer plans to give Ten Hag 'new squad'Ten Hag told to give Maguire 'a second chance' despite Man Utd planTen Hag blow as Man Utd boss warned Phillips won't join  Ten Hag will be given the power to veto transfers that he does not want to approve, something that very few managers in the past have had, and will work closely with the United hierarchy to begin his major overhaul of the squad. Initial targets appear to include Declan Rice, Aurelien Tchouameni and Ruben Neves, three players that have developed a reputation for being passmasters in central areas. Even if players such as McTominay are popular with the United faithful, the 25-year-old may struggle for game time if he cannot adapt to Ten Hag's style of play. The United academy graduate may be given a lifeline, with Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba heading for the exit at the end of June on free transfers, and that could hand him the chance to impress his new boss in pre-season. 