Drains are an important part of a property. These pipes or channels carry off surplus liquid waste, but sometimes they can become clogged with hair and other debris. Fans of the cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch now share their own tips and tricks on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to unblock drains. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clear her slow draining bathroom sink. Mandy Lyon wrote: “Has anyone got any tips for clearing a slow draining bathroom sink please?” Drains can emit horrible smells or become clogged over time. Britons should clean drains regularly to get rid of odours and buildup and prevent issues. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls If you find water no longer drains properly, you may be facing an issue that can easily be solved by cleaning the drain. Mandy’s post was inundated with comments from Mrs Hinch fans eager to share their top tips on how to unblock drains. Some drain cleaners can be dangerous to use as they are highly poisonous and can cause skin burns. A homemade drain cleaner can be a sage and inexpensive solution to chemical products. DON'T MISS: Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [EXPERT]Heating: Use underlay to save money on energy bills - ‘simple’ [TIPS]Gardening: How to grow ’tastier’ tomatoes in your garden - ‘important’ [INSIGHT] The majority of Mrs Hinch suggested using a combination of white vinegar and baking soda to unblock drains. Denice Payne said: “I had the same problem about six months ago, I poured white vinegar and baking soda down it, then added boiling water and left it for couple of hours then ran tap and it was cleared.” Ian Bookers commented: “Baking soda and white vinegar then boiling water from the kettle worked for me. It was so quick and easy.” Summer Letchford agreed: “Baking soda, followed by white vinegar. It will fizz and then rinse the hot tap down after.” Rosie Williams advised: “Use a solution of white vinegar and baking soda. It removes any clogged hair down the drain.” Ally Thomas wrote: “Try pouring a cup of baking soda and a cup of white vinegar down the drain. Worked absolute wonders for me.” Dawn Hagemann added: “Baking soda and white vinegar plus boiling water.” Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using caustic soda or soda crystals. Roslyn Janiszewski-Smith said: “If it's clogged with hair, caustic soda will do it the trick.” Owen Richards commented: “I use caustic soda and it worked good to remove clogged hair.” Lorraine Weller suggested: “Pour soda crystals with boiling water down the drain and leave overnight to soak.” Monica Tinder added: “Soda crystals left overnight can help.”