Manchester United are pushing forward with plans to appoint Erik ten Hag as their next permanent manager this summer. However, the Ajax boss has warned United CEO Richard Arnold that there will be no quick fix and that it could take several years to challenge for major honours under his watch. According to the Daily Star, Ten Hag has made it clear that he won't be able to transform a team in disarray into world-beaters overnight. However, Arnold has guaranteed him that the club will spend 'whatever it takes' to help reach their long-term vision, and he has handed chiefs a lengthy transfer shortlist. Ten Hag has agreed a long-term deal to enter the Old Trafford hot seat, and he will begin his tenure after terminating his Ajax contract once the current season is over. United will pay the Eredivisie giants around £2million in compensation for the 52-year-old's services, but it could rise if he takes some of his coaching staff to M16. The Red Devils were left impressed by how he conducted himself and outlined his plan during an interview in March. Football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher, both heavily involved in the manager search, will lead recruitment alongside Ten Hag. JUST IN: Newcastle 'eyeing bargain Moussa Niakhate transfer' The report claims United also interviewed Mauricio Pochettino and informally sniffed around Spain boss Luis Enrique. However, Pochettino's troubles at PSG, the potential £15m compensation cost, and Enrique's loyalty to leading his nation into the 2022 Qatar World Cup gave Ten Hag the upper hand. And the opportunity to manage the Red Devils was 'impossible' for the Dutchman to reject as he eyes his next big step after a successful reign at Ajax. He will have never faced the attention and adversity he is set to experience at Old Trafford. READ MORE: Cody Gakpo admits he ‘likes Arsenal’ with Man Utd set to rival Gunners How he deals with it could be crucial in determining whether he succeeds or joins Sir Alex Ferguson's four fallen successors. United have only won the FA Cup, League Cup and Europa League since Ferguson's 2013 exit and have slumped from dominating domestic football to failing to lift silverware in five successive seasons. After a decade of despair, millions of supporters globally are resting their hopes on Ten Hag guiding the club back to the summit of English and European football. But he understands more than most that the process will require patience from fans, his players and the decision-makers. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.