The UK Government set out its energy security strategy last week with ministers wanting to “lead the world once again” in nuclear power. Plans were announced to approve plans for eight new nuclear reactors by 2030 to boost production and supply by 2050. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said increasing investment in nuclear power would help cut energy bills and reduce the UK’s reliance on Russian energy supplies. He said: “We’re setting out bold plans to scale up and accelerate affordable, clean and secure energy made in Britain, for Britain – from new nuclear to offshore wind – in the decade ahead. “This will reduce our dependence on power sources exposed to volatile international prices we cannot control, so we can enjoy greater energy self-sufficiency with cheaper bills.” In a poll that ran from 9am on Friday, April 8, to 5pm on Monday, April 11, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you support the UK’s investment in nuclear power?” In total, 3,972 people cast their votes with hundreds leaving comments below the accompanying article sharing their thoughts. Overwhelmingly, the answer was a resounding “yes”, with 89 percent – 3,532 people – opting in support of the UK’s investment in nuclear power. A further 11 percent (426 people) said “no” and just 14 people said they did not know either way. One user Truth to Power said: “It is very clear that neither wind and solar are viable solutions. “The only practical solution is nuclear power in the long term whilst keeping our conventional stations for the short term.” Another user KateN said: “Yes, of course. There are very few other viable options to produce the amount of power needed.” And username peter mendes wrote: “The ONLY way is nuclear energy.” Username whoa dobbin added: “Yes, without a doubt. This should have been put into motion years ago.” Others were in agreement that the UK needed to be self-sufficient in its energy supply. Username, Welsh Rarebit, said: “Yes, let’s make the country self-sufficient! Stop relying on foreign countries!” While username StephenBrown said: “Yes. It's long overdue, energy security is vital.” DON'T MISS:Denmark stockpiles 2 million iodine tablets as Russia nuclear fears soar [UPDATE]Energy crisis: Plan to replace gas boilers with heat pumps could cost Britons £115bn [INSIGHT]Best of British! Shell, BP and Rolls-Royce at heart of energy plan to ‘take back control’ [LATEST] However, some had fears over the UK’s investment in nuclear power. One user, Olly Smyth, had doubts because nuclear “is not ‘green”. They also commented: “We need solutions now, not a decade in the future.” Username, Proudtobebritish, said: “Should have been done 20 years ago. “Not going to help the problem for today or the next 10 years.” And username Mekonmekon said: “Get coal generation up and running again, to fill the gap until nuclear is ready in 30 years.”  The UK currently has 13 new reactors under development with advanced plans confirmed for Wylfa on Anglesey and two new reactors approved for Sizewell C in Suffolk. Oldbury in South Gloucestershire and Moorside (Sellafield) in Cumbria have also been identified as appropriate sites. The Great British Nuclear body will be founded to manage the UK’s nuclear investment alongside a £120million “Future Nuclear Enabling Fund” to kickstart projects. By 2050 the UK hopes to generate up to 24 Gigawatts (GW) of electricity by nuclear – making up 25 percent of the projected demand.