Kate Middleton, 40, seems to have figured out a style formula that works for her skin complexion. Instead of wearing darker colours like black, one style expert argues the Duchess picks “the colour of balance". Christopher Lee, the Creative Director of Antonio Lee London spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain.  He said: “As stylists have always said, grey is the colour of balance. “It is balance that sums up Kate Middleton’s style perfectly. “Kate wearing a lot of grey is a smart fashion choice,” claims the expert. He continued: “The versatility of this colour will take you from spring to summer as we have seen recently with Kate re-wearing her iconic Catherine Walker tweed dress.  READ MORE: Aldi shoppers praised £7 face cream for 'youthful' results “Unlike black, grey is the perfect neutral as it can be brightened up or dress down while still creating the elegant flare that we have seen time and time again from Kate.” Christopher added: “Grace Kelly gave us shades of pastel and Kate Middleton is giving us fifty beautiful shades of grey.” Kate Middleton stepped out in February this year with her father-in-law Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall for a royal outing in London.  For the occasion, Kate wore a Catherine Walker dress that she had already worn several times in the past. The dress-coat was a grey tweed, belted garment that Kate paired with Gianvito Rossi black pumps and a mini Mulberry bag. Then in March, the Duchess of Cambridge flew to Denmark where she met Queen Margrethe II and Crown Princess Mary. On this occasion, Kate again wore a Catherine Walker dress in the colour grey.  The grey coat was sharply tailored in a gunmetal colour, made from Birdseye cashmere and wool, according to the Catherine Walker website. The coat had beautiful black lapels and cuffs, based on an 18th-century naval frockcoat. Once again, the Duchess paired her grey coat with her stunning black stiletto heel shoes from Gianvito Rossi and her Mulberry small crossbody bag. Both times Kate was in the presence of more senior royals, and she chose the colour grey.  In contrast, Grace Kelly’s wardrobe was dominated by white with a few pale pastel colours thrown in. Even in her Hollywood movie High Society, Grace’s character could be seen at one point in a pastel-coloured purple dress. Grace Kelly's favourite colours were emerald green and pastel yellow. These are the colours she often wore in Dior, a brand of haute couture of which she was a big fan. 