Mr Sharif, brother of three-time ex-prime minister Nawaz Shari, was the leader of an opposition coalition that worked to depose Mr Khan. The 70-year-old was elected to the National Assembly in 1990. He fled Pakistan after the military coup nine years later before returning in 2007. His widely-expected victory will see him take the oath of office at 8.30pm local time. Presiding speaker Ayaz Sadiq announced after the delayed vote on Monday afternoon: "Shehbaz Sharif is declared to be elected as the prime minister of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan." Mr Sharif, of the Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz) party, served as chief minister of Punjab, Pakistan's most populous province, before Mr Khan came into power in 2018. During that time, according to analysts, Mr Sharif proved to have a "can-do" administrative style that he displayed when working closely with China on Beijing-funded projects. Further, Mr Sharif said in an interview last week that good relations with Washington were critical for the South Asian state – an approach in stark contrast to Mr Khan's recently hostile ties with the US. The new Prime Minister, part of the wealthy Sharif dynasty, submitted his candidacy for the top job on Sunday, with several among the opposition swiftly endorsing him. Mr Khan, 69, was the first Pakistani prime minister to be ousted by a no-confidence motion after days of political drama led to a 13-hour parliamentary session that eventually removed him from power. Claims by opponents he failed to abide by his promise to revive the economy and tackle corruption meant his term did not quite hit the four-year mark – an unsurprising detail considering no prime minister has finished a full five-year term since Pakistan's independence from Britain in 1947. In his first remarks after being voted out of power, Mr Khan wrote on Twitter on Sunday: "Pakistan became an independent state in 1947; but the freedom struggle begins again today against a foreign conspiracy of regime change. "It is always the people of the country who defend their sovereignty and democracy." He has accused critics of colluding with the US to unseat him but has provided no evidence. After Mr Khan urged people to take to the streets, thousands of his supporters in Karachi, Lahore, Peshawar and other cities across the country held demonstrations against his removal. Running into the early hours of Monday, the protests saw blocked roads and loud crowds who shouted slogans against rival parties and the US government. Hundreds also gathered outside the London home of Nawaz Sharif, who was banned from holding public office by the Supreme Court in 2017 following financial details revealed in the Panama Papers. He served a few months of a 10-year prison sentence for corruption charges before leaving the country for medical treatment. MORE TO FOLLOW...