In a statement posted online, the country's foreign ministry said the UK Government had "disavowed" those that have gone over there to fight in the conflict. Maria Zakharova, a spokesperson for the ministry, said Mr Johnson had "disavowed the British subjects who have fallen victim to British propaganda and went to Ukraine as mercenaries to kill people there". Nottinghamshire man Aiden Aslin is one Briton who was taken prisoner while serving with the Ukrainian marines in Mariupol. A video on YouTube appeared to show Mr Aslin handcuffed during an "interview" believed to have been conducted in Donetsk earlier in the week. Speaking about the captured Brit, Ms Zakharova said: "Boris Johnson has urged the Russian government to treat the Briton detained in Mariupol while fighting on the side of the Ukrainian government forces ‘humanely and compassionately’.  "Here is what we have to say in this respect. "Don’t pretend to be worried. "You are utterly unconcerned about the fate of Britons in trouble. "They didn’t drink champagne with you at Downing Street, and so they can wait for your protection till kingdom come." READ MORE: Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry' Russia's foreign ministry has, however, claimed British captives are being given any assistance they need. The statement read: "They are given food and drink, as well as any other assistance they may need, just as the other foreigners who have surrendered or have been detained." But a video of captured Mr Aslin appeared to show him being warned that "mercenaries" would face the death penalty. Robert Jenrick, the Tory MP for Newark, said a prisoner swap is the most likely route to get the 28-year-old Nottinghamshire man home to safety. DON'T MISS: Liz Truss deploys £1BN hammer blow to luxury Russian goods [INSIGHT]Brits struggle to make ends meet we STILL send aid says MATT VICKERS [COMMENT]Putin's horror Poseidon 'super-weapon' [ANALYSIS] He told the Commons that the YouTube video showed his constituent "handcuffed, physically injured and being interviewed under duress for propaganda purposes". Boris Johnson responded to Mr Jenrick's comments, saying: "I understand that he had been serving in the Ukrainian forces for some time and his situation was very different from that (of) a mercenary. "I hope that he is treated with care and compassion. "I thoroughly echo the sentiments my right honourable friend has expressed about those who broadcast propaganda messages." 