Her Majesty the Queen is gearing up to participate in a number of events this year to mark her unprecedented Platinum Jubilee. She made royal history by reaching 70 years on the throne, leading Queen Victoria by seven years. The celebrations will be observed far and wide, and will offer the country an opportunity to celebrate the monarch who has overseen some of history's — and Britain's — greatest social and political changes. Among the events to mark the jubilee is a four-day bank holiday weekend, from June 2 to June 5. And, to ensure that generations to come remember the historic event, initiatives like the Queen’s Green Canopy and the Platinum Pudding competition will take place. Her private estates will also join in with special Jubilee-themed events, offering yet more opportunities for members of the public to remember the historic milestone. The Queen's Guards will also be preparing to perform at the various events this year. Trainees in the Queen’s Guard were followed by Channel 5 in 2020 and 2021 for its documentary exploring the brutal and stringent training regime they go through in order to serve at the very top of the British Army. Cameras filming during The Queen's Guards: On Her Majesty's Service captured a unique insight into what life is like in the oldest continuously serving regiment in the British Army. The Coldstream Guards is the largest garrison in the British Army, turning out 450 of the finest infantry soldiers which supply the Queen's footgear regiments. Recruits must master infanteering, and as footgears must perfect all ceremonial foot drills. JUST IN: How Camilla slapped down 'pompous' Charles over gin and tonic demand One unlikely aspect of their being considered an elite unit is the fact that they wear bearskin hats — the tall black tunics that tourists visiting Buckingham Palace and the Horse Guards Parade will be familiar with. The iconic headdress is still made from real bearskin — it is why the Coldstream Guards are classed as an elite regiment. It has its roots in the Battle of Waterloo, where British and French military personnel went face-to-face in one of history's most famous fights. But it was the French who donned the bearskin hats, using the 18-inch tall headgear as a way to seem taller and more intimidating. DON'T MISS Anne touches down in private jet on royal tour to Papua New Guinea [REPORT] Prince Harry and Megan Markle told to 'move on with your life' [INSIGHT] Diana would have ‘loathed’ the thought of Camilla getting Queen title [ANALYSIS] To commemorate their victory over the French, British guards acquired similar hats for those who guarded the royal residences — and the rest is history. Some say that when the French wore the hats the plume was in fact white. But the British guardsmen dipped them in the blood of the fallen French soldiers, explaining why the plumes are now red — likely a myth passed down through the generations. Today, each tunic costs around £3,000 and is made of pure wool. Luke Wall, a drummer, told the documentary: "When you're out there in the sun, it is pretty warm. "You either faint or you don't — there's no fighting against it." Believe it or not but the army actually used to fight wearing tunics and bearskins. And, while it no longer does, the values and the standards it has learnt are exemplified in what it does on parade. Lieutenant Colonel David Marsham is tasked with making sure the division is in complete order before the Major General makes the final decision on whether the guardsmen are up to the job of serving the Queen. He said: "And so I feel a huge responsibility on my shoulders as the commander of the battalion." Three companies of guardsmen, the regimental band, and the Corps of Drums will form and present themselves in front of the commander for his inspection. He said demeanour and attention to detail are the things that make a guardsman stand out. The Queen's Guards: On Her Majesty's Service is available to stream on My5.