Paramount Network’s hit western series Yellowstone premiered its first spin-off series Y: 1883 in December and the show proved to be a huge success with fans. Faith Hill, who starred as Margaret Dutton, lifted the lid on being married to her co-star and detailed filming love scenes with her husband.  Faith Hill and her husband Tim McGraw are one of the most recognised couples to dominate country music. After meeting in 1994, they married two years later and have since had three daughters together: Grace, Maggie and Aubrey. As their relationship progressed so did their careers, as Hill became one of America’s most successful country singers. She has sold more than 40 million albums worldwide, while 10 of McGraw’s 16 albums have reached number one on the Top Country Albums charts. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage The couple then entered the film and TV industry, and although they have appeared on screen separately, Y: 1883 was the first show they shared scenes together. As Hill and McGraw played a couple on the show, they happily portrayed the challenges their characters faced in their marriage. However, when it came to filming the love scenes, Hill revealed she was left feeling slightly uncomfortable. Speaking to Entertainment Tonight, the singer confessed she was out of her depth when shooting the steamy scenes because she was a “modest” person. Hill later added: “They made it easier than I thought it was gonna be, it was a beautiful scene and turned out great.” McGraw however had a different issue when it came to sharing the screen with his real-life wife. Although he told People.com, it was “incredible to do the scenes together,” he admitted this was until Hill had to slap him across the face. The actor explained: “I was expecting a finger slap, but it was a paw to the jaw. There was 25 years of pent-up aggression going on.” DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes slams delays to clean energy ‘I’ll be dead’ [REACTION]Y 1883’s Ennis star shares real feelings for Elsa and Sam romance [INSIGHT] Y:1883 dealt huge blow as it loses top spot on Paramount to Halo [INSIGHT] “When you see it on screen, you realise it was a genuine hit,” he joked. As Y: 1883 takes place 130 years before the events in Yellowstone, McGraw and Hill portray John Dutton’s (Kevin Costner) great-grandparents. The prequel series followed their lives as they journey from Tennessee to Montana with their children Elsa (Isabel May) and John (Audie Rick). Viewers were enthralled as the family joined a group of immigrants to face death and despair on their treacherous journey for a better life. Speaking on the portrayal of her character, Hill shared: “The Duttons are a formidable family and it is an absolute dream to bring such a strong female character like Margaret Dutton to life. “I am humbled and honoured to work with Taylor [Sheridan] and his entire team,” she concluded. Thankfully fans will get to see more of the Dutton family and gain insight into how they acquired the highly sought after Montana ranch. Yellowstone fans are aware the Dutton family were in an ongoing battle with several different people who wanted a piece of the land, despite its lineage. Y: 1883 is available on Paramount Network in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 