Macron beat his far-right challenger Marine Le Pen in Sunday's election, making him the first French president to be re-elected in 20 years. The French leader ended in the lead with more than 18.7 million votes or 58.55 percent. Marine Le Pen received 41.45 percent of the vote, roughly 13.3 million votes. World leaders were quick to congratulate Macron, including the Russian President. According to a statement from the Kremlin, Putin sent a Telegram message saying: "I sincerely wish you success in your state activities, as well as good health and wellbeing". Macron has been one of the few world leaders to speak to his Russian counterpart during the war in Ukraine and has been regularly criticised for taking long and fruitless phone calls to the invading leader. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky was also among those sending their good wishes to the French President. He said: "Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron. I wish him further success for the good of the people. “I appreciate his support and I am convinced that we are moving forward together towards new common victories. Towards a strong and united Europe!” Macron has pledged to address diversions in France as he admitted many of his votes were to "keep out those of the far-right". In his victory speech, he said: "You made the choice today of an ambitious project. We will have to be demanding and ambitious. The war in Ukraine is there to remind us that France must raise its voice to show the clarity of its choices and show its strength in all areas. "We will have to be benevolent and respectful because our country is riddled with so many doubts, so many divisions. No one will be left aside. It will be up to us to work together to achieve this unity through which we will be able to live more happily in France. "The years to come will certainly not be quiet, but they will be historic, and we will know how to write them for our generation. READ MORE: BBC's Katya Adler outlines Brexit tensions with Macron win Boris Johnson was one of the first to congratulate Macron following the exit polls. The Prime Minister wrote on Twitter: "Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on your re-election as President of France. "France is one of our closest and most important allies. I look forward to continuing to work together on the issues which matter most to our two countries and to the world."  DON'T MISS: Clement Beaune makes 'most powerful leader' comment after Macron election win | World | News | Express.co.ukVladimir Putin humiliated by mouse as Russian chopper destroyed in Ukraine | World | News | Express.co.ukBrexit poll results: Law to overrule Northern Ireland protocol gains strong support | Politics | News | Express.co.uk The next hurdle for the French President is now only weeks away with Parliamentary elections due in June which will determine how easily he can get through his plans for welfare and pro-business reforms. Le Pen has also promised strong opposition with hard-left Jean-lUX Melenchon having his heart set on becoming prime minister after securing the bulk of the left-wing vote in the first round.