Letters reportedly written by Prince Charles to Savile are featured in the documentary Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story, released by Netflix on April 6. The show looks into how Savile made contacts at the highest levels of society, reaching royals, politicians and leading British personalities. The handwritten letters by the heir to the throne are being seen for the first time in the programme and show the senior royal contacted Savile, who at the time was considered a leading TV personality and active philanthrope, for advice on a number of occasions. There is no suggestion either the Prince of Wales or any other member of the Royal Family were aware of Savile's wrongdoing, as his horrific abuse came to light following an investigation launched after his death in 2011. One of the letters written by Prince Charles and shown in the programme is dated January 14 1989 and was penned in the royal estate in Norfolk. In it, Charles asked Savile for suggestions on where he could make public visits. The letter read: "Perhaps I am wrong, but you are the bloke who knows what’s going on. "What I really need, is a list of suggestions from you. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "I so want to get to parts of the country that others don’t get to reach." Savile was a prolific fundraiser and well connected with several institutions across the country. It later emerged his philanthropic work gave him access to dozens of vulnerable victims. Shortly after his death in 2011, an investigation prompted more than 450 horrific allegations of sexual assault and abuse. Prince Charles also asked Savile for advice on how to tackle PR misfires. READ MORE: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen Only a few weeks prior to this letter was penned by Charles, the Pan Am Flight 103 was blown up by a bomb and the remnants crashed down onto the Scottish village of Lockerbie. All the 243 passengers and 16 crew members on the aircraft lost their lives, as well as 11 people on the ground hit by large debris. Prince Andrew visited the area the day after the crash in December 1988, but came under fire after claiming it was "much worse for the Americans" and it was just a matter of time "before a plane fell out of the sky". Savile came back to Prince Charles with an action plan featuring "guidelines for members of the Royal Family and their staffs". He called for "a special person with considerable experience in such matters". It also suggested royals should set up an "incident room" with "several independent phone lines, teletext etc". He added: "The Queen should be informed in advance of any proposed action by Family members." In a letter dated January 27 1989, also shown during the Netflix documentary, Prince Charles revealed he had shown Savile's suggested plan to Prince Philip who, in turn, had shared it with the Queen. Charles wrote: "I attach a copy of my memo on disasters which incorporates your points and which I showed to my Father. He showed it to H.M." In the immediate aftermath of the Lockerbie disaster, Prince of Wales had also asked Savile if he wanted to meet Sarah Ferguson who, at the time, was still married to the Duke of York. He wrote: "I wonder if you would ever be prepared to meet my sister-in-law, the Duchess of York? "I can’t help feeling that it would be extremely useful to her if you could. "I feel she could do with some of your straight-forward common sense." In yet another letter, dated April 16 1990, the Prince of Wales asked Savile to take a look at a draft speech prior to an engagement at London's Guildhall. The heir to the throne wrote: "You are so good at understanding what makes people operate and you’re wonderfully sceptical and practical. "Can you cast an eye over this draft and let me know how you think we can best appeal to people?" The documentary also showed Prince Charles would sign off his correspondence to Savile by using only his own name, and addressed the TV personality as "Jimmy". On July 4 1990, Charles wrote: "Dear Jimmy, I can’t tell you how grateful I am for the most useful assistance you have provided for my speech in the Guildhall the other day. "It was really good of you to take the trouble to put together those splendid notes and provide me with considerable food for thought. "Whether you think the final result is in any way worthwhile is another matter. With renewed and heartfelt thanks, Charles." Savile first came into contact with Prince Charles and his then-wife Princess Diana through his work for Stoke Mandeville Hospital, Bucks, during the 1980s. The Princess of Wales opened its spinal injuries unit in 1983. Savile was awarded an OBE in 1971 and knighted in 1990 for his charity work. But after his death at the age of 84, it was revealed he had used his position to sexually abuse young people. The presenter, who was known for such popular shows as Top of the Pops and Jim’ll Fix It, is believed to have preyed on around 500 vulnerable victims. Express.co.uk has contacted Clarence House for comment.