Manchester United and Liverpool are both believed to be courting RB Leipzig midfielder Konrad Laimer. The 24-year-old defensive midfielder has enjoyed a fantastic campaign ever since Domenico Tedesco took over the reins from the sacked Jesse Marsch. Bayern Munich are also believed to be eying a move for versatile Leipzig star who has contributed four goals and four assists in 22 Bundesliga matches. He also played a key role in Leipzig’s ascent to the DFB-Pokal final as well as the semi-final of the Europa League. The Austrian international is contracted to the German giants until the summer of 2023, which could prove to be an advantage for Liverpool, United, and Bayern. If he were to decide to depart Leipzig, then this summer would be the club’s final opportunity to extract a significant transfer fee out of Laimer. And United will likely be one of the first clubs to express a key interest in the midfielder, as reports understand current interim manager Ralf Rangnick recommended Laimer to the United board. However further sources from Kicker, via Sport Witness, understand Liverpool have also joined the race for the Austrian international’s midfielder. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz At the start of April, German outlet Bild, via Sport Witness, claimed Rangnick, a former manager and sporting director of Leipzig, advocated for the potential signing of Laimer. However, sources from Germany have also indicated that the club will open contract extension talks at the end of the season. Laimer has been within the RB set-up since 2015, when he initially moved from Austrian side FC Liefering to RB Salzburg. After two seasons with the 12-time Austrian Bundesliga champions, he moved to the German giants for around £6.3m. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players However, with his contract expiring in less than 18 months, it remains unclear as to how much money it would take for Leipzig to part with the 24-year-old. United are currently facing a central midfield crisis, as Paul Pogba and Nemanja Matic are set to leave the club. Pogba’s contract at Old Trafford expires at the end of the current campaign, while Matic announced he will depart United at the end of the season, to prevent the triggering off a clause in his deal. This means new United boss Erik ten Hag will only be able to rely on Fred, Scott McTominay, and former Ajax ace Donny van de Beek, who was sent on loan to Everton in the recent January transfer window. Midfield was already an area United were looking to strengthen but the imminent departures of Pogba and Matic have only exacerbated the Dutchman’s potential midfield options.