The NHS says there are five types of statin available on prescription in the UK. They include atorvastatin, fluvastatin pravastatin, rosuvastatin and simvastatin.The NHS says digestive system problems, such as constipation, diarrhoea, indigestion or farting are potential side effects. If you are at high risk of heart disease, your doctor may prescribe a statin for you. It notes a review of scientific studies into the effectiveness of statins found around one in every 50 people who take the medicine for five years will avoid a serious event, such as a heart attack or stroke, as a result. You usually have to continue taking statins for life because if you stop taking them, your cholesterol will return to a high level within a few weeks. The NHS says other side effects can vary between different statins, but common side effects can occur throughout the day and also at night. These include a headache, dizziness, feeling sick, muscle pain, and feeling unusually tired or physically weak. READ MORE: Olivia Newton-John health: Actress said stage 4 breast cancer is 'part of my life'  Two other common side effects are sleep problems and low blood platelet count. Uncommon side effects include skin problems, such as acne or an itchy red rash.The health body adds statins can occasionally cause muscle inflammation and damage. The NHS says rare side effects of statins include loss of sensation or tingling in the nerve endings of the hands and feet, which is called peripheral neuropathy. It suggests: “Speak to your doctor if you have muscle pain, tenderness or weakness that cannot be explained – for example, pain that is not caused by physical work.”  The British Heart Foundation (BHF) says a research study suggested in very rare cases statins may increase your risk of developing type 2 diabetes. “However statins are among the safest and the most studied medications available today,” the BHF suggests. Statins lower the level of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in the blood, which is often referred to as "bad cholesterol", and statins reduce the production of it inside the liver. The NHS recommends maintaining cholesterol levels below 5mmol/L. In the UK, however, three out of five adults have a total cholesterol of 5mmol/L or above, and the average cholesterol level is about 5.7mmol/L, which can be a risk factor in heart disease. The Yellow Card Scheme allows you to report suspected side effects from any type of medicine you're taking. It is run by a medicines safety watchdog called the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA). The purpose of the scheme is to provide an early warning that the safety of a medicine or a medical device may require further investigation. Side effects reported on Yellow Cards are evaluated, together with additional sources of information such as clinical trial data. The BHF says: “Check with your doctor or pharmacist before you take any other medications. Taking certain medicines together may affect how well they work. “If you’re taking simvastatin or atorvastatin, avoid grapefruit and grapefruit juice as they can increase your risk of side effects. “If you take another type of statin, limit your intake of grapefruit juice to very small quantities or you may want to avoid it all together. ”It adds: “Statins target the liver cells where cholesterol is made. Before you start taking statins, you'll have a blood test to check how well your liver works. Your doctor may request that you have a follow-up blood test a few months later. If your liver is affected, your doctor may want to reduce your dose or change your statin to another kind of medication that lowers your cholesterol.”