During a press briefing of the Russian Foreign Ministry on Wednesday, spokeswoman Maria Zakharova accused the west of supporting Ukraine’s defence against Russia by sending military personnel. She claimed that extremists from around the world, with Britain being one of the main starting points, are arriving in Ukraine to join the alleged neo-Nazi battalions. The spokeswoman said: “The collective West is supporting Ukrainian nationalists not only with weapons but also with personnel – mercenaries and extremists brought in from different parts of the world.” This supposed operation of extremists recruitment is directed by the Ukrainian authorities, according to the spokeswoman. Ms Zakharova noted: “Ukrainian embassies are making their own contribution to the formation of an international neo-Nazi legion.” She added that these alleged moves of western countries come in violation of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, as “they are recruiting mercenaries from all over the world.” According to Ms Zakharova, “Ukraine has turned into a place that has accumulated mercenaries of all stripes with combat experience in the world’s hot spots.” And she appeared to have detailed information regarding these supposed recruitments and how they are carried out, noting that the UK is one of the main countries supporting them. She said: “The Kyiv regime has attracted over 6,800 mercenaries from 63 states to Ukraine since the start of the special military operation. “Citizens of Poland, the US, Canada, Romania, the UK and Georgia are the majority of mercenaries in Ukrainian nationalist groups.” And went on to accuse these supposed mercenaries of war crimes, by saying: “They definitely have not been providing humanitarian aid in these hot spots. “They have not saved people but brutally murdered them, tortured them, took hostages, and demanded ransoms. READ MORE: Brits demand MORE sanctions against Russia even if energy prices soarBrave Russian journalist vows to 'destroy' Putin’s propaganda machinePutin’s ravages laid bare as Ukraine suffers $100bn wreckage “They committed many terrible acts. “Now Ukraine has become a magnet for them.” Whatsmore, the spokeswoman didn’t hesitate to add that there are countries that oppose these supposed recruitment operations, but they are silenced from the US. She said: “A number of countries are emphatically opposing their efforts but others cannot afford this because they are under pressure from Washington. “US political forces fully support this mission, including the recruitment of mercenary battalions.” DON'T MISS: Putin’s next desperate move puts innocent Ukrainians in line of fireRussian economy hammer blow as UK revokes Moscow Stock Exchange status