The aircraft took off from RAF Lossiemouth using the 1307 squawk code, meaning NATO air policing. Aircraft and satellite tracker SkyScanWorld said it is possibly a practice operation involving a Dassault Falcon with tanker support from an RAF Airbus Voyager.   The jets were seen crossing northern Scotland towards the Outer Hebrides on Tuesday. SkyScanWorld tweeted that it is possibly linked to a German Air Force Eurofighter which took off from Laage Air Base and was spotted near Poland's Baltic Sea coast. It comes after a huge military jet was seen crusing across the UK last Thursday. The massive RAF C-17A Globemaster III set off from RAF Brize Norton in Oxfordshire before flying in a series of circles around Temple on Bodmin Moor.   It is capable of transporting 100,000lb (45,360kg) of weight while flying higher than 35,000ft. RAF Typhoons, based at RAF Lossiemouth and RAF Coningsby, are described by the Royal Air Force as "highly capable and extremely agile" multi-role combat aircraft. Their maximum speed is Mach 1.8 and they can soar to a maximum 55,000 feet. They are armed with 27mm Mauser cannon, air to air missiles, Enhanced Paveway II and Paveway IV precision-guided bombs as well as Storm Shadow and Brimstone air to ground missiles. Typhoons are used to police the skies and in "high intensity" conflict, according to the RAF.  READ MORE ABOUT BORIS JOHNSON'S FAMILY DAY OUT   Two American bombers were also spotted in the skies over Cornwall last week. The Boeing B-52H Stratofortresses, subsonic long-range jet-powered strategic bombers from the US, set off from RAF Brize Norton. These planes were designed and built to be able to carry nuclear weapons for Cold War-era deterrence missions. The planes made their way from Swindon through Devon.  DON'T MISS: 'Boris has surrendered!' Fury as PM caves in fishing row with France [REVEALED] Europe is in danger, says Zelensky [LATEST] Putin's economy in freefall as Russian Railways crashes into default [REPORT] The sightings come as the head of NATO's military committee said the alliance has not ruled out any possible new members and it is up to countries such as Sweden and Finland to decide if they want to join. Dutch Admiral Rob Bauer told reporters during a visit to Seoul: "It is a sovereign decision of any nation that wants to join NATO to apply for membership, which they so far have not done." "We are forcing no one into NATO." He added that the alliance had not pressured any countries to provide weapons to Ukraine.   Sweden's ruling Social Democrat party, which has until now rejected NATO membership, is reviewing its international security policy in the light of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The Social Democrats, which forms a single party, minority government, had argued that military non-alignment served the country well. But an increasingly belligerent Russia has forced a rethink across the political spectrum in Sweden and neighbouring Finland, which is also outside the 30-member alliance. The Social Democrats said in a statement: "When Russia invaded Ukraine, Sweden's security position changed fundamentally."      Meanwhile, Lithuania's defence ministry said on Monday it wants NATO battalions in Baltic countries to be expanded into brigades. These consist of several battalions of troops. Lithuania and other Baltic states have repeatedly called for more troops in the region and the whole eastern NATO flank since Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24. 