Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan has slammed Meghan Markle and Prince Harry for "exploiting the Invictus Games." Speaking during the press launch of his new show, TalkTV's Uncensored, the former ITV star, 57, didn't hold back as he commented on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's latest project with streaming giant Netflix. Pier's new show Uncensored launched two days ago and aims to "cancel cancel culture." Speaking during the press launch of his new programme, the outspoken TV personality addressed what issues he'd look to dissect on his candid talk show. Piers said: "I might talk about Megan and then Harry, who snubbed Prince Philip's memorial, but are now they're taking their Netflix cameras to go and exploit the Invictus Games. "So you could say [it] was complete hypocrisy or maybe you think everything they do is completely virtuous and wonderful." READ MORE: Helen Skelton announces heartbreaking split from husband Richie Myler Piers' comments come as the TV star reacted to the Sussexes' call for equality after Meghan Markle's wardrobe for the Invictus Games reportedly cost a staggering £10,000 per day. Earlier this month, the duo attended the highly-anticipated sporting event but it was the Duchess of Sussex whose eye-catching wardrobe caught everyone's attention. Meghan, who flew back to the US after concluding the Invictus Games tour on Monday, reportedly spent a staggering £38,000 on her luxury clothes for the charity trip. Prince Harry's wife sported seven trendy outfits as she graced the event over the Easter weekend. The clothes were reportedly from a mixture of high end designers to independent jewellers coming to a combined total of £37,869, according to reports. Piers later appeared to mock the Sussexes after he shared an article that detailed the Duchess' various looks. In view of his 7.9 million followers, he tweeted an article that read: "Meghan's £10,000-a-day wardrobe! Duchess wore £38,000 worth of new clothes during her three-day Invictus Games trip." Piers captioned the post: "Equality!" DON'T MISS... Karen Hauer and Luba Mushtuk stun in bikinis as they shower together [INSIGHT]Tom Parker's wife Kelsey in heartbreaking message a week after funera [ANALYSIS]Stacey Solomon punishes Joe Swash for sneakily returning home [UPDATE] During the Opening Ceremony, she sported a £620 bodysuit from US designer Khaite, with a pair of £595 Manolo and a dazzling new necklace from Cartier cost £12,800, according to the MailOnline. On Saturday, the Duchess sported a £2,400 jacket from Celine - with a £1,950 bag and £360 glasses also from the French ready-to-wear designer. She also picked out favourite pieces from her jewellery box, including her £5,800 Cartier Love Bracelet and the Cartier watch that once belonged to Princess Diana. While a working member of the royal family, the cost of Meghan's clothes for work engagements was covered by Prince Charles through the budget of the Duchy of Cornwall. Also during the press event, the ex-Life Stories startold how his views on the Duchess of Sussex haven't changed since he said he "didn't believe a word Meghan said", following her tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey last year, which resulted in him leaving his position on GMB. Piers said: "I still don't believe a word Meghan Markle says. "I think almost everything that comes out of our mouth is complete b******t." Uncensored airs weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV.