The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) offers these payments for people who have a a wide range of disabilities and long term health conditions. PIP could be a lifeline to Britons as they could receive thousands each year. People living with one of 21 musculoskeletal conditions could be able to get these weekly payments to help with day to day activities, although eligibility is down to how condition affects a person, not the condition itself. Musculoskeletal conditions are injuries and disorders that affect the human body’s movement or musculoskeletal system such as muscles, tendons, ligaments, nerves, discs and blood vessels. Arthritis is a general term that refers to many of these different conditions. Some common musculoskeletal conditions include osteoarthritis, back pain, rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia, osteoporosis, gout, polymyalgia rheumatica, lupus and ankylosing spondylitis. READ MORE: ‘I’m in awe of you’ - Dragons’ Den cast ‘emotional’ after heartfelt pitch for £60,000  Among the three million people in the UK who claim PIP, 35 percent of these people are receiving the highest level of the benefit, according to data released by the DWP in January. Of these claimants, 305,279 Scots are now receiving financial support of between £23.70 and £152.15 each week, an increase of 8,088 from the previous figure of 297,213 in October, 2021. This is the list of 22 main musculoskeletal conditions being supported through PIP to help with either daily living, mobility needs or a combination of both components. These are the main conditions, within each category there are a total of 87 sub-conditions. There is also a category for 'Musculoskeletal disease - Regional / Localised - Other / type not known'. To qualify for PIP, people do not need to have a carer or have someone helping them. Successful claimants could receive between £23.70 and £152.15 every week. PIP is paid every four weeks so people can get between £94.80 and £608.60 every month. Eligible claimants must have a health condition or disability where they have had difficulties with daily living or getting around (or both) for three months and they expect these difficulties to continue for at least nine month. The DWP will judge the eligibility of a PIP claim on a period of 12 months, looking back for three months and forward for nine months - they must consider if the illness changes over time. Before applying, Britons should determine whether they could be eligible by considering if they have difficulty with preparing or eating food, dressing and undressing, washing, bathing and using the toilet, managing treatments and medicine, reading and communicating and engaging with others. The mobility part is paid to people who have difficulty moving around - either inside or outside - their home.