Ukraine’s prosecutor’s office said that at least 191 children have been killed and 349 injured since the conflict began on 24 February. The authority said the true number of child casualties is expected to be much higher due to a lack of information on the front lines in Ukraine. The figure, which has not been independently verified, is higher than the number of deaths confirmed by the United Nations, which has said that 142 children have been killed and nearly 230 injured in the war. However, the United Nations’ children agency Unicef has also acknowledged that the true figure is likely to be higher than estimated. Unicef’s emergency programmes director Manual Fontainee said on Monday: “The true figures are most certainly much higher given the scale of attacks.” The latest casualties include a baby less than two months old and a 12-year-old child who died in the heavily besieged city of Kharkiv in eastern Ukraine, according to the prosecutor’s office, and four other children who were killed in Russian attacks on civilian infrastructure. The devastating estimate comes as harrowing reports of civilians killed in Ukraine continue to emerge as evidence grows of alleged war crimes by Russia in the country. Vladimir Putin’s forces have been accused of crimes against humanity, genocide and other atrocities and condemned for targeting civilians, including attacking hospital, schools, shelters and humanitarian corridors. At least 57 people were killed, including five children, and 109 injured on Friday by a Russian missile strike on a railway station in Kramatorsk where thousands of Ukrainians were waiting to evacuate to safety. Ukrainian authorities had previously said that as many as 210 children were killed in the battered port city of Mariupol during weeks of Russian airstrikes and conflict on the ground. Mariupol’s mayor Vadym Boichenko said last week that 5,000 civilians had been killed in the besieged city, including hundreds who died when Russian forces attacked a theatre where civilians were sheltering on March 16. Nearly five million children have been displaced by the conflict in Ukraine amid an escalating humanitarian crisis. READ MORE: Ukrainian woman describes horror of rape and murder by Chechen soldier Around two-thirds of the estimated 7.5 million children that lived in Ukraine before the war have been displaced by the conflict, with 4.8 million children forced from their homes in the past six weeks. Of these, around 2.8 million children are still in Ukraine while 2 million have fled to other countries. Nearly half of the children who remain in Ukraine are at risk of not having enough food or water supplies, with Russia’s attacks on civilian infrastructure including water and power supplies leaving millions of Ukrainians without access to basic necessities. Unicef said that the situation was even worse in cities like Mariupol and Kherson, where children and their families have now “gone weeks” without running water, sanitation services, regular food supplies and medical care. Unicef’s Fontaine said the situation in Ukraine was “quite incredible”, and that he had never seen such a fast-displacement of so many children, who had been forced to leave everything behind. DON'T MISS:Are chemical weapons different from nuclear munitions? [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Putin moving deadly missile systems inches from NATO [LIVE]Putin humiliated: 400,000 secret files leaked by hackers [LATEST] Meanwhile, Ukraine's ambassador to the UN Sergiv Kyslytsya has accused Russia of abducting over 120,000 Ukrainian children and taking them to Russia. Mr Kyslytsya alleged that the majority of children were taken from Mariupol and forcibly moved to Russia. The reports follow multiple accusations that Russia is relocating Ukrainian citizens to its territory. Russian President Vladimir Putin made an emergency order last month to move nearly 100,000 people from Ukraine to remote regions of Russia, according to a government decree published on a Kremlin website. Ukrainians, including women and children, are being moved to far-flung regions including Siberia, the North Caucasus, the Far East and even the Arctic Circle, the document states, as refugees report being interrogated by Putin’s troops and forced onto buses transporting them away from Ukraine. Ukraine's Ministry of Foreign Affairs has previously accused Russian forces of deporting over two thousand children from the occupied districts of Dontesk and Luhansk. The ministry said last month that children were being transported in Russian territory and accused Russia of violating international humanitarian laws.