This week Putin declared a victory in Mariupol, which has been under near-constant bombardment by Russia since it invaded Ukraine. The Russian President claimed the besieged port city was now liberated and ordered his troops to blockade the last pocket of Ukrainian resistance fighters. The US disputed that devastated Mariupol had fallen, saying that Putin’s claims to have liberated the city were “disinformation”. “But it will be their fight, leading to the further weakening of the regime. “And finally, it could lead to Putin’s disappearance as the supreme arbiter who is providing this balance between all major elite groups.” The powerful Russian figures who are starting to feel the pinch of the sanctions include arms suppliers and media moguls, according to Prof Petrov. The expert claimed that tensions are ramping up among Russia’s influential group of elite business figures, who find themselves increasingly forced to compete against each other. He said: “The pie is shrinking in a very essential way. As Putin declared Mariupol to be liberated this week, the Kremlin released a bizarre, televised chat between him and his defence minister, Sergei Shoigu. In the despot’s rare public appearance, he can be seen sitting slouched and gripping the table he and Shoigu are sitting at, leading some observers to speculate about his health. In the conversation, Putin ordered Shoigu to call off a planned Russian assault on the Azovstal steelworks and instead seal it shut. The Russian leader said it was unnecessary for his troops to storm the industrial complex, where hundreds of Ukrainians are sheltering in an underground network of tunnels. He told Shoigu: “There is no need to climb into these catacombs and crawl underground through these industrial facilities. “Block off this industrial area so that a fly cannot not pass through.” Ukraine's foreign ministry has called for the evacuation of the civilians under the steelworks, which it says include children. Those trapped are said to have almost no food, water or medicine.