Stuart Gilmour says he relishes cycling naked through the countryside in Derbyshire. His birthday suit rides have entertained and bemused locals - at one stage even prompting a call to police. But Stuart feels his behaviour promotes body confidence and general wellbeing. Stuart was last seen peddling through Castleton, Derbyshire, on Sunday. Speaking to Derbyshire Live, Stuart said: "I’m a naturist who just loves to be able to experience everyday life without the restrictions of clothing, promoting body positivity, embracing the individuality that is our bodies, showing people it’s ok to be different whether that be size, shape or colour and the general wellbeing it can give you. "But most of all it's meeting so many new people and making new friends while cycling. If I was clothed no one bothers you, you just ride past, but when in the buff people are just genuinely intrigued and want to know more. "I was staying at a local campsite that was amazing, I might add the staff there are so nice. When the weather allows, I like to get out on my bike in the buff as much as possible, I’ve also been on a few walks in the past, I’ve never had a bad reaction, it’s always met with laughter or intrigue to know more."  The naturist, who is married, also amused locals in Ashbourne, Derbyshire, after cycling through the market town on Tuesday. Stuart, from Manchester, continued: "I had no idea this would get so much attention - I’m genuinely shocked. I’m always cycling on Rochdale Canal or around Manchester and never had this kind of interest before. This wasn’t for charity this time but I am planning a naked bike ride from Manchester to Chester possibly on to North Wales in the summer to raise money for a cancer charity my wife Karen Gilmour works for. "As a family we have lots of fun on our travels. It's all about fun, love, laughter. Get out there don’t let your body hang-ups stop you, for one day you won’t be able to do the things you once wanted and you will look back with regret. Get old with no regrets and lots of memories." Warehouse worker Jade Meadows, who saw Stuart in Ashbourne, said: "It was about 2.30pm yesterday and I was surprised to see him but then again it is Ashbourne. Quite a few people have seen him in the town. We saw him opposite Shawcroft car park, near Ashbourne Fire Station. "A pale, naked man on a bike." Derbyshire Police said the force looked for a naked man on a bike following a complaint on Tuesday but he wasn't found.   