Joanna Page laughed as she revealed her children savagely told her she is “fatter with more wrinkles” now, compared to her days on BBC's Gavin and Stacey. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Joanna also opened up on why she isn’t worried about her four kids watching Love Actually. “It’s nice now that they’re getting to this age, I always seem to be on at Christmas time in Nativity 2, that is constantly shown now, which is brilliant,” she gushed. “They never really knew I acted or did anything, and they didn’t really know about Nativity 2 or anything because I don’t really talk about it or show them anything. “It was only when they started going into school and everybody was talking about Nativity 2, and Eva would come home and say, ‘Are you in that? And what do you do?’ “So then I showed it to her so now they love watching Nativity 2, they watch that all the time.” And when it comes to Joanna’s most famous role as Stacey Shipman, her children are starting to appreciate the much-loved programme. “They’ve only just now started watching the Gavin and Stacey Christmas specials, not the new Christmas special, for some reason that doesn’t really do it for them - but they love the first Christmas special,” Joanna laughed. “This Christmas, it came on and they sit there and they are genuinely laughing at it.” She continued: “I said to them, ‘Does mummy still look like that?’ and she said, ‘No, you are much fatter and you’ve got wrinkles now, so I was like, ‘Oh brilliant!’” Joanna is often asked how she feels about her kids Eva, nine, Kit, six, Noah, five, and Boe, four months) watching Love Actually, in which she played a body double for an adult film opposite Martin Freeman, her scenes featuring a lot of nudity. “They’ve obviously not seen Love Actually yet because that’s far too old for them,” Joanna began. “But people say to me, ‘Are you worried about when they see that?’ and I say, ‘Not at all!’ because I breastfed Eva until she was three. “I am now breastfeeding Boe, and everybody in the house is still obsessed with my boobs. So it’s just like the house celebrates my boobs. “And so when they eventually get to see it, I think they’ll be in hysterics because, ‘Oh my god it’s mummy’s boobs, and they are obsessed with my boobs.’ “And they will also think it’s funny if they see any flash of any bum, because they are at the age when they are obsessed with bums. “So I am not worried about them seeing that either, I think they will be in hysterics to be honest!” Stacey said she believes the role, which saw her nominated for Best Female Comedy Newcomer at the 2007 British Comedy Awards, is her proudest career moment. “I always remember when I was in my second year at RADA, and I went to the National Theatre and I bent down and touched the stage and thought, ‘I’m going to be here one day,’” she said. “And then that was my first job when I left drama school. So that will always be such a proud moment for me. “And I think Gavin and Stacey, because it was such a joy. And it’s so difficult as an actor to get work. It’s so brutal and so hard, just to be in work is brilliant. “To have got on a show that lots of people enjoyed and it was a success, and it ran for quite some time, and we won awards.“