Those eligible could be able to claim up to £369.60 every four weeks to help pay for extra costs if they have a physical or mental disability. As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills soar, Britons are reminded to claim all the financial support they are entitled to to try and relieve any financial stress. Many people are entitled to Attendance Allowance but they may not know enough about it to make a claim. Attendance Allowance helps people over state pension age with extra costs if they have a physical or mental disability or illness severe enough that makes life harder for them. Britons do not need to have someone caring for them in order to make a claim. People should also apply if they have difficulties with personal tasks, for example if they take someone a long time, they experience pain or they need physical help, like a chair to lean on. READ MORE: 'I have nothing for retirement' - Dave Ramsey gives man, 72, a 'path to follow' to get by  The DWP says that where more than one condition is present, the main disabling condition is reported on. It’s important to note that this list is not a checklist for claiming Attendance Allowance. It is intended to help people understand what type of conditions are being supported. However, if people need extra support during the day or night due to a long-term illness, disability or health condition, they can check the official eligibility guidance on the Government website. 56 categories providing Attendance Allowance support: There are two different rates for Attendance Allowance which is awarded depending on the amount and type of assistance claimants require. People could receive £61.85 if they need help during the day or at night. If someone needs help during the day and at night they could receive £92.40, or if they are terminally ill. The benefit is paid every four weeks , which means people could receive either £247.40 or £369.60 every pay period. Annually, this will mean people could receive £4,435.20. People can spend the money however they like and it could help them stay independent in their own home for longer. For example, the money could be used for paying for taxis, helping towards bills, or hiring a cleaner. Attendance Allowance won't affect people’s state pension and they can even claim it if they’re still working and earning money.