Prudence Featherington (played by Bessie Carter) is just one of many debutants vying for the affections of Queen Charlotte (Golda Rosheuvel) in the hopes of finding a husband in the cutthroat London marriage market. She sadly didn’t have much luck in the second season of Bridgerton, and series regular Bessie has opened up on whether she thinks her character will ever find happiness by the end of the Netflix drama. Prudence’s search for a husband in the upcoming seasons of Bridgerton may not end well, according to main cast member Bessie. If she doesn’t find a match in the confirmed third or fourth seasons, she could end up husbandless or even succumb to ill health. The second season returns both families to the screen after Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor) found love with her decoy match, Duke Simon Basset (Regé-Jean Page). Unfortunately, the Featherington daughters are still struggling to partner up despite attending all of London’s biggest social occasions. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? When asked how keen Prudence was to get married, Bessie shot back: “What do you think? She’s desperate! “She is still on the marriage market. It’s all these young women knew, and it was all, unfortunately, they had to achieve.” Bessie and the rest of the cast recently teased what was to come in Bridgerton’s second season at the show’s press conference in London. While central couple Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) and Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) eventually revealed their feelings for one another, Prudence was still without a beau by the end of the season. Although both Prudence and her sister Philippa (Harriet Cains) are still without a husband, it wasn’t down to a lack of trying on their mother Portia’s (Polly Walker) part. Bessie continued: “So, Mama is taking us to the balls to try and marry us off. I don’t know what actually comes after marriage. “I just go, ‘I just want to get married!’ So that’s all she’s aiming for this series." In the second season, Prudence’s mother Portia attempts to set her up with the Featheringtons’ cousin, Jack (Rupert Young) by orchestrating an ambush. DON'T MISS:Riverdale’s Cole Sprouse predicts series’ cancellation [INTERVIEW]Gordon Ramsay’s Future Food Stars branded ‘Poundland SAS’ [REACTION]NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah celebrates season 14 renewal [UPDATE] However, Jack admits he is actually penniless and has been planning to marry rival debutant Cressida Cowper (Jessica Madsen). After two seasons without finding a husband, Bessie suggested the demanding marriage market of Regency London could eventually start to have an effect on Prudence’s physical and mental health. “She is really desperate to find a husband,” she explained. “And I think it’s actually quite damaging when you go to ball after ball and no one even looks at you. What is that genuinely doing to your insides?” “So I really tried to find the seriousness in that, the truth in that." Despite the high stakes of the marriage market of the Regency Era, Bessie still hoped viewers could see the funny side by watching the series through a modern lens. Bessie added: “Hopefully her attempts to secure a match, and the failing, hopefully it’s quite funny. I enjoyed doing that in this series.” Bridgerton season two, though somewhat less raunchy than the first, wasn’t without its fair share of laughs and scandal, but does Prudence have a sad fate as a spinster awaiting her by the end of the series? Bridgerton seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on Netflix.