Tottenham striker Harry Kane is set to snub Manchester United's transfer approach this summer, according to reports. The Red Devils have seemingly decided on their next manager with Erik ten Hag preferred over Mauricio Pochettino which may, in turn, have made up Kane's mind. After another trophyless season in north London, the summer is set to see more debate surrounding where Kane will play his football next season. The England captain was pursued by Manchester City last year, but Daniel Levy slapped a huge £200million price-tag on his head which prompted the Sky Blues to walk away. Circumstances have changed massively since then. Antonio Conte is now Spurs manager, City are set to end their interest and United are defying the odds by threatening to miss out on a top-four finish despite their expensively-assembled squad. The Mirror claim that the Red Devils had made Kane a top target ahead of the summer transfer window, but he is set to slap down their approach and stay with Tottenham. Indeed, the transfer swoop may have stood a better chance if ex-Spurs boss Pochettino was appointed to the Old Trafford hotseat, but the Paris Saint-Germain manager is poised to miss out. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag urged to sign 'next Ruud van Nistelrooy' when he joins Man Utd - EXCLUSIVE  A verbal agreement is in place for Ten Hag to take over from Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season, and while the Dutchman is also believed to be keen on a move for Kane, it looks as though he will be forced to pursue alternative targets. Kane and Pochettino had a fruitful relationship while working together in north London. The striker's Tottenham future was in doubt at the start of the season amid Nuno Espirito Santo's reign, which was as brief as it was disastrous, but Conte's appointment may well have convinced him to stay put. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's new-look XI if Gabriel to Barcelona swap deal helps solve striker issueErik ten Hag planning Man Utd backroom staff team 'with three on shortlist'Villarreal ace Capoue rubs sult in Bayern boss Nagelsmann's wounds With no trophies in his collection Kane is understandably set to prioritise silverware for the remainder of his career, but given that he will turn 29-years-old in July, time is ticking. That being said, Conte has shown plenty of promise since taking the reins and could be the man to make Spurs competitive. The Lilywhites are powering towards qualification for next season's Champions League as Kane, Heung-min Son and Dejan Kulusevski continue to terrorise opposition defences. United, meanwhile, are faltering. The striker's route to silverware could therefore be both meaningful and realistic if he decides to see out the final two years of his contract at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.  Kane's alleged decision will delight Spurs fans, who had to sit back and watch last summer while he reportedly wanted to jump ship and join Man City. Levy's controversial decision to effectively stop the move in its tracks could be about to pay dividends if more prolific seasons lie ahead. The Lilywhites marksman is closing in on Jimmy Greaves to become the club's all-time record scorer, and he is rapidly catching up to Wayne Rooney in the England charts too. Kane recently surpassed Frank Lampard to move into the Premier League's all-time top five, with 83 goals needed to topple Alan Shearer.