Pakistan's Prime Minister Imran Khan looked as though he could be the first person in his country’s history to ever complete a full five-year parliamentary tenure. However, his time in office came to an abrupt end after opposition parties brought a motion against him and saw the vote pass in the early hours of Sunday morning. Initially, the motion was brought against the 69-year-old last week but Mr Khan blocked it by dissolving Parliament. Several days later Pakistan's supreme court ruled in favour of the opposition parties and said that Mr Khan had acted unconstitutionally. Consequently, a vote of no confidence was allowed to take place just after midnight on Sunday morning which Mr Khan lost. He had originally been voted in as PM in 2018 and at the time was viewed as a fresh force in Pakistan’s political scene.  READ MORE: Russia humiliated as new war plan in eastern Ukraine already in chaos However, the vote now makes Mr Khan the first PM in the country to be ousted by a no-confidence motion, with opposition parties securing 174 votes in the 342-member house. Mr Khan is expected to be replaced by opposition leader Shehbaz Sharif - the brother of former three-time PM Nawaz Sharif. Reacting to the news Mr Sharif said in a tweet: "Congratulations to the Pakistani nation on a new dawn."  Parliament will meet on Monday to elect its new leader with candidates having already filed their nomination papers on Sunday morning. Mr Sharif has been the leader of the opposition in the National Assembly since August 2018 and has served in politics for more than two decades. His career has included years of self-exile in Saudi Arabia after a military coup deposed his brother’s government in 1999. On three separate occasions, he has served as the chief minister of Punjab - Pakistan’s wealthiest state - making him the longest-serving head of the province.  DON'T MISS: Britons in crisis! Sunak skewered over tax raid [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson pledges revolutionary aid to Ukraine to defeat Russia [EXPLAINED]Cricket legend Imran Khan ‘gracefully’ ousted as Pakistan’s PM [NEWS] If he were to be elected he would be able to hold power until October 2023, when the next election is due to be held. Meanwhile, Mr Khan has previously said he will refuse to recognise an opposition government. He has claimed - without providing any evidence - that there was a US-led conspiracy to remove him because of his refusal to stand with the US on issues against Russia and China. According to Mr Khan, Pakistan's opposition parties have been working with foreign powers.  The US has said there is “no truth” in Mr Khan’s allegations. During a public address last Friday, Mr Khan urged his supporters to come out and protest against the decision. He said: “I tell all of my supporters across Pakistan, on Sunday, after Isha [evening] prayers, you all have to come out of your homes and protest peacefully against this imported government that is trying to come to power.” 