 Deadline premiered on April 5 on Channel 5, and the new four-part murder mystery drama is confusing fans. The story focuses on Natalie (played by Charlie Murphy), a woman accused of her husband's murder, and journalist James (James D'Arcy) is hot on the trail of solving the case and seems to be hot for Natalie. Can Channel 5 pull it back to keep viewers watching with only two more episodes to air?   Episode two saw James getting deeper into the murder case and pushing the boundaries of professionalism as he got closer to femme fatale Natalie. The show is mainly set in London, or so Channel 5 would like fans to believe. As the latest instalment progressed, viewers took to social media to call out the international location passed off as London. Samantha Fiander tweeted: "And you're fooling no one using Budapest for London. Terrible programme @channel5_tv." (sic) Read More: Ozark season 4 theory: Sam to attack Wendy as fans work out major trailer clue  Echoing Samantha, Janet Murphy said: "Do programme makers think we're stupid and that we don't recognise UK architecture? "So obviously not Cambridge or London! #Deadline." (sic) @ASuperGav spotted the errors and commented: "That most definitely is not Southwark Park. More likely, Karadordev Park #Deadline." (sic) When James had to fly to Hungary to pursue the case, eagle-eyed watcher Erasmo Recchioni added: "They do know they don’t need to go to the airport to go to Hungary.   "Just step out the front door. #Deadline" Seeing that other Channel 5 spectators had trouble believing the set to be in the UK, Debbie Tutin replied: "I said this yesterday. Turns out it's Budapest!" (sic) It wasn't all doom and gloom for the show, as some viewers were able to suspend their disbelief and take no notice of the locations. @mrscarter22 chimed in: "I'm thoroughly enjoying it! DON’T MISS…Which The Last Kingdom characters are based on real people? [LATEST]‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show [LATEST]Derry Girls writer claims Brexiteers 'didn't know what they were voting for' [LATEST] "Love a good murder mystery. The murder mystery weekends are great fun too #channel5 ." The action is meant to take place across London and Budapest, but many of the viewers feel that the production is mainly filmed in Budapest. As James follows the suspected killer across Europe, fans are sure to see more exotic locations. The washed-up journalist makes low-budget TV documentaries to get his investigative fix, but has he stumbled across something bigger this time?  On the filming locations, lead actress Charlie said: "One of the highlights was Natalie Varga's house, which so much fun to shoot in."Because she is in the world of art, we found a pretty incredible house with a huge art collection, and it was gorgeous, that's the joy of this job – we get to peek behind the curtain of so many places, and Budapest has been a joy to work in."The role allowed the star to film on location, which she thoroughly enjoyed, and she added: "I love shooting on location, being on tour it brings the whole cast and crew together even more so, no one is distracted by their daily lives at home, we are all in it together."Feels like those connections are fast made, being abroad is definitely a bonus for creating something together." 