Last week, The Split made a return to BBC One with its third season. Divorce lawyer Hannah Stern (played by Nicola Walker) was back as she tried to come to terms with her own divorce from Nathan (Stephen Mangan). However, towards the end of the first instalment fans were left in tears following the death of Rose's (Fiona Button) husband James (Rudi Dharmalingam). James was on his way to the Defoe house when he was involved in a cycling accident. Hannah later got a phone call from the hospital confirming James had died as a result of his injuries. The second episode of The Split saw the Defoe family feeling from James' death. However, on the day of his funeral, Nathan let slip to Hannah that Kate (Laura Pulver), the woman he had an affair with, was expecting his baby. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry Poor Hannah was left devastated especially after she tore up her divorce papers to Nathan. However, things took a turn when Hannah's sister Rose played a voicemail from Nathan to James. The voicemail said: "I'm not ready to be a father again. How do you tell the person you love most in the world you've screwed up?" "He screwed up, you screwed up, that's the only thing that's the same," Rose told her sister. "You have a chance, Hannah. James is gone, Nathan is still here." Towards the end of the episode, Hannah confronted Nathan and the pair ended up kissing. When Hannah asked him whether he wanted to have a baby with Kate, he said yes. "What is most embarrassing, I actually thought you wanted to get back together," Hannah sobbed. "Do you really want this? I heard the message, Nathan, you've screwed up, does she know that because you need to tell her that?" DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Amy Barlow blamed for Summer Spellman death [SPOILERS]Steve Fletcher opens up on getting sister Suzie Repair Shop role [INSIGHT]Vera star speaks on having exclusive access to key location [NEWS] "Do you really want to go through with this?" Hannah asked as Nathan replied: "Yes!" However, fans aren't convinced Nathan wants to be with Kate at all and many believe he will go back to Hannah. Taking to social media, user @HerFaithness penned: "Nathan’s having second thoughts and poor Kate’s going to be left holding the baby #TheSplit." User @atvfriend agreed: "Totally, he gave away his heart to Hannah" "Is Nathan having second thoughts?" Mace Windu tweeted as user @Codsallsi added: "Not sure Nathan is missing you as much Kate x." In response to Nathan saying he wanted to be with Kate, Jess disagreed: "No Hannah he doesn’t - not really.. #TheSplit." (sic). The episode also ended on a cliffhanger and it looks like Christie (Barry Atsma) will be coming back. However, will Hannah become distracted by her old love interest, or will it make her realise how much she loves Nathan? The Split returns on Monday at 9pm on BBC One.