Planning to spend the Easter break eating out with your loved ones? Buyagift is offering an exclusive voucher where customers can dine at top restaurants across the UK for bargain prices – find out more here. Easter is the perfect time to enjoy a meal with your loved ones and with the holiday coming up, now is the perfect time to book restaurants. With prices slashed by 43 percent off, Buyagift is offering customers a voucher that includes a meal for two at a choice of top restaurants across the UK. Whether you’re after Italian cuisine or a British roast, there are 57 restaurants to chose from with offers that include all day brunch and three-course dinners. Available in locations across the UK, it’s the perfect for the upcoming break so don’t hesitate and buy the voucher now. There’s plenty of great options to pick from to suit all kinds of dining experiences. Top options include a three course meal with sparkling wine for two at French restaurant Cafe Rouge, which is available in London, Brighton, Bournemouth, Bath, Birmingham and more. Plus, other popular options include a three course meal with bubbles for two at Marco Pierre White’s New York Italian in London, and the experience has over 200 reviews. Please note, all dates are subject to availability and please check whether individual restaurants can be booked on bank holidays. The restaurant voucher is now discounted to just £35 for two, which means customers can spend as little as £17.50 per person. Buy the voucher here. Once you have bought the voucher, you will be able to select the restaurant and offer that is best. This is also a great gift to give to a loved one or friend. Over 800 customers have bought this voucher and it has an average rating of four point five out of five stars. Customers love using the voucher to enjoy a three course meal and cocktail at Brazilian restaurant, Cabana. There are 76 reviews and with this voucher, you can enjoy delicious dishes that include flame-grilled chicken, scrumptious burgers and crispy churros. In addition, there are vegan and vegetarian meals available to choose from at restaurants including Wulf and Lamb and Rani Vegetarian Restaurant in London.