Russian military forces have confirmed a deliberate attack was made on the Ukraine capital of Kyiv during a visit from António Guterres. Russian Defence spokesperson Igor Konashenkov announced, “high-precision, long-range air-based weapons of the Russian Aerospace Forces have destroyed the production buildings of the Artyom missile and space enterprise in Kyiv.” The attack on Kyiv took place on Thursday as the United Nations Secretary-General met with President Zelensky to discuss the war. Vitali Klitschko, Mayor of Kyiv, affirmed “what is also symbolic at this moment, the Secretary-General of the United Nations is in Kyiv.”  “This is a so-called hello to him,” the Mayor described the attack. He continued, “Putin showed his middle-finger at this moment, shelling our homes, destroying them.” “Putin’s target is not houses, his target is people’s lives,” the Mayor warned. Vitali Klitschko was adamant Putin had chosen to target Kyiv during the visit in a symbolic condemnation of the UN efforts to end the war in Ukraine.    António Guterres had visited Moscow to meet with President Putin in an effort to negotiate peace talks and ensure his cooperation with humanitarian efforts. The UN Secretary-General had hoped to establish an evacuation route for civilians and Ukrainian troops trapped in the Mariupol steelworks. Mr Guterres described his trip to Russia as a “useful meeting” to express UN concerns surrounding the conflict. He hoped his discussion with Putin would “minimise some of the most dramatic situations” in the war. Read more: 'Bravest person' Tributes pour in for Briton slain in Ukraine Following his meeting with President Putin, António Guterres travelled to Ukraine to meet with President Zelensky on Thursday. The UN Secretary-General was confirmed to be in the city of Kyiv as it came under fire from Russian missiles. At least one person was killed in tbe missile strikes and several more were injured and trapped under the rubble of damaged buildings. The attack occurred shortly after a joint news conference held between António Guterres and President Zelensky to discuss the efforts to bring peace to the country. Don't miss: Wallace: Drive Putin out of Ukraine like a 'limpet off the rock' [INSIGHT]'This is quite a step up' 8000 British troops heading Eastern Europe [REPORT]Russian forces capture two British aid workers in Ukraine [REVEAL] At the conference, António Guterres declared, “I am here to focus on how the UN can expand support for the people of Ukraine.” He continued: “I am here to say to you, Mr President, and to the people of Ukraine: We will not give up.” The UN Secretary-General described the situation in Mariupol as “a crisis within a crisis.” He outlined his discussion with Vladimir Putin has established the foundations of an agreement to aid the evacuation of Ukrainian civilians from the city.  