The demand for longer mortgage terms of 35 years instead of the traditional 25 years has jumped 75 per cent as cash strapped owners want to keep their monthly payments as low as possible. Coupled with the average age of a first-time buyer (FTB) rising, an increasing number of people could be paying their home loans out of their pensions in retirement. A 35-year-old taking out a 35-year long mortgage would be 70 when the last payment was due. And the standard of living among retirees could decline significantly as they struggle to pay a mortgage out of a fixed pension, experts warn. Data from lenders indicates that the average age of FTBs has risen to 32, up from 29 a decade earlier, according to the analysis of official figures by online mortgage broker Trussle. Worryingly, the trend could be exacerbated by the current cost of living crisis which is likely to see the age of first-time buyers continue to increase. To combat spiralling house prices during the Stamp Duty Holiday last year, data from Financial Conduct Authority reveals a record 63,158 35-year mortgages were taken out by FTBs – up 75 per cent year-on-year. Borrowing £150,000 over 25 years on a repayment basis at a rate of 2.74 per cent equates to a monthly payment of £691.19 and the total cost would be £207,359.60. Lengthening the mortgage term to 35 years cuts the monthly payment to £555.73 but the total cost rises considerably to £233,407.23. Jonathan Harris, managing director of Forensic Property Finance, said: “Increasingly, borrowers are opting for longer mortgage terms because it means cheaper monthly payments, although you will make more of them in the long run. “The traditional, standard 25-year mortgage term has all but disappeared.” Rob Peters, of Simple Fast Mortgage, warned that many owners would just have to keep working longer to afford their repayments. “A mortgage term can be anywhere up to 40 years, and they often need to be so they are affordable as house prices rise much faster than wages,” he said. “Most mortgage lenders will only allow the term to go until either state retirement age, or selected retirement age, unless evidence of pension provisions can be provided. “For most this simply means working to an older age than they may have hoped in order to buy a house.” The state pension age for men and women is currently set to reach 67 by 2028. Amanda Aumonier, of Trussle, said: “This is an alarming trend that has been brewing for years. “When purchasing a home, buyers naturally think about the here and now, which typically means looking for ways to keep their payments as low as possible. “But, while taking out a longer-term mortgage can be an effective way to keep short term costs low, you will end up paying more back in the long term. “Not only this, but you could also still be paying off your mortgage during a period of life when your income begins to drop. “Society has taken a short-term approach into calculating the impact of soaring house prices. “Our new data shows that the ramifications will reverberate for decades to come and will lead to consequences not yet accounted for.” For those able to get ahead of their mortgage payment, overpaying a mortgage can significantly cut the term and the interest due. Overpaying by as little as £50 each month can shave two years off the typical loan saving £5,000.