This Morning hosts Phillip Schofield, and Holly Willoughby were excited to talk to Formula 1 racer Lando Norris on Monday's show. Despite the shaky start to his 2022 season, Norris is climbing up the F1 leaderboard and is preparing himself for the Miami Grand Prix in May. He admitted he didn't think he would make it onto the podium this year after a tough start. British-Belgian racing driver Norris is currently competing in Formula One with McLaren, racing under the British flag. The 22-year-old opened up about his "embarrassing" celebration when he finally made it onto the podium this season. Chatting with the ITV hosts, Norris candidly spoke about the underwhelming start this his race season and said: "On our first race of the season, we came in with very high expectations as every team should and does, but we underachieved by quite a huge amount, and we had a pretty poor weekend. "I genuinely didn't think that at almost any point this year, I would be standing on the podium but already on the fourth race of the season, I am on the podium." Read More: Emmerdale theory: Vanessa Woodfield heartbroken as she discovers Suzy's secret The 2022 F1 calendar consists of a record-breaking 23 races and remains subject to being approved by the FIA's World Motor Sport Council. Although his season didn't start as he and his team expected, he was delighted to make it onto the podium. This Morning shared a clip of the young star celebrating, and he added: "It's been amazing, and you can see in this video, I'm quite embarrassed by this video, but yeah, an amazing feeling to be back on it." The ITV hosts both appeared as eager racing fans, with Willoughby asking if the rain made it difficult to complete his recent race. Norris added: "It can be up and down about it. Honestly, it's conditions I've enjoyed driving in my whole life, especially growing up in England in go karts and so on, you are used to the rain and this kind of weather. "So I guess I grew up in it, and it's something I enjoy well because I tend to also do well when it rains." The next F1 race takes place in Miami, Florida, USA, and when asked about it he replied: "Who wouldn't be excited to go to Miami and race Formula 1. "To have an F1 race there is amazing. Lots of stars and celebrities. It will be an amazing event." DON’T MISS…Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles pays tribute to co-star 'She's perfect' [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest in awe as £4 charity shop frame holds valuable abstract painting [LATEST]'Irritates me!' Esther Rantzen: Queen has 'earned right' to have Andrew at her side  [LATEST] Fan Olivia Finucane enjoyed watching the segment and tweeted: "I was so happy for him yesterday. Go, Lando!!! Behind him all the way." Chris Davies added: "Happy to see how excited our Phil was with the Lando Norris interview. "He's got a real passion to get into F1 racing. #ThisMorning." Tyrell Tyler wanted to know the secret to his success and said: "Landing himself third place on the podium - salute to the young fella. The formula he's using seems to be working - keep up the slick work!!"