In the newly-created role, the professional pillow tester will help inform customers’ decision-making - by snoozing on the job. The successful applicant will get paid £100 for each stopover, in exchange for comments on the size and firmness of the hotels’ pillows. They will also be asked to give hotels - including Luton Hoo, The Chester Grosvenor & Spa, The Chesterfield Mayfair, and the Carnoustie Golf Hotel & Spa - a star rating based solely on the pillows. It comes after research found 75 percent of travellers said bad sleep can ruin their holiday. Only 12 percent claim to sleep well in hotel beds due to the pillows - with 59 percent admitting they get a better night’s kip at home instead. And 29 percent have even resorted to taking their own pillows from home on holiday with them. It also emerged half (51 percent) of the 2,000 adults polled would consider booking a different hotel if they read a negative review about how someone slept poorly at a hotel. And nearly a third (31 percent) have even asked a hotel concierge to change their pillows because they were not to their liking. Sleep is so important to travellers on a trip away, that 40 percent would even check out of a hotel and look for another if the sleeping arrangements weren’t up to scratch. The perfect amount of sleep on holiday is eight hours, according to 42 percent of those questioned via OnePoll - while 49 percent named two pillows as their ideal number to sleep on. Poor quality pillows also beat other holidaymaker gripes such as over-indulging in the hotel buffet, thick blankets, early sunrise and being unable to switch off from work - with 23 percent blaming unsuitable pillows for having a bad night’s sleep on holiday. Hoo, which lets travellers make an online offer for a better deal on hotel rooms, devised the opportunity after a turbulent two years where many saw trips cancelled, in a bid to help them have a restful night’s sleep when they do get away. Co-founder Adrian Murdock said: “We want to give customers a more informed choice when it comes to picking their stay. “This role is the real deal, and the winning candidate will be a part of the Customer Experience Team at hoo, where their vital on-location dispatches will inform our customer's decision-making when it comes to them booking their own holiday. “We really want to understand what guests are experiencing in some of Britain’s best hotels - and what better way to do so than to get out on the road and deliver insider knowledge on which hotels will provide you with the best night’s sleep.” Applicants need to submit a 150-word review of their own pillows before April 29 on hoo’s website or on LinkedIn. CHIEF PILLOW OFFICER JOB DESCRIPTION: In this newly-created role, the successful candidate will be provided with 52x two-night stays at a variety of UK hotels, in exchange for a product review of the hotel pillows at each location. You will write crisp, informative copy, bringing verve and vigour when describing the quality and properties of the hotel's pillows. You will bring to life the experience of sleeping on the pillows for the reader; commenting on the firmness, and whether the size of the pillow was suitable for you. While we are looking for a personal take on the pillows, we are looking for you to be able to separate the star-rating of the hotel you're staying in, from the star-rating you would give the pillow. The role as Chief Pillow Officer will be a part of the Customer Experience Team at hoo, where your vital on-location dispatches will inform our customer's decision-making, when it comes to them booking their own holiday. Why do we need this role now? After a turbulent two years where many would-be holidaymakers have had trips cancelled, hoo want to ensure any stays in 2022 exceed expectations when it comes to a restful night's sleep. Independent research informed hoo that 75 percent struggle to sleep in hotels due to the pillows, and 29 percent have to bring their own pillow from home. We want to give customers a more informed choice when it comes to picking their stay. ABOUT YOU: COMPENSATION AND PERKS: APPLICATION PROCESS: