With red-dyed coiffed curls and a cigarette permanently in hand, Dot's life was guided by the scriptures but blighted by villainous son "Nasty" Nick Cotton. In many ways, June was indistinguishable from the gravellyvoiced Cockney she played for 35 years. She was a heavy smoker and devout Christian - and her life was touched by tragedy and heartache. Having lost a brother and sister in childhood, first husband John Garley killed himself in 1957. But June was also a respected theatre actress who toured with the Royal Shakespeare Company and won a BAFTA nomination for her EastEnders role. A celebrated rebel in theatrical circles, she was known for flouting smoking bans. And she enjoyed her vices to the end. "I'm going to die of something fairly soon so why not enjoy myself," she mused in 2019. "I love red wine and also dark chocolate, even though I'm allergic to it and it makes me sneeze." When they met on the Graham Norton show in 2013, Lady Gaga was so taken with June, then 86, she asked the veteran actress to accompany her to Annabel's nightclub. June turned it down with regret because she had to be up early the next day for Piers Morgan's Life Stories. When she appeared on BBC show Who Do You Think You Are? in 2012, she discovered her great-great-great-grandfather was fearsome Jewish bare-knuckle fighter Isaac Bitton, who retired undefeated and survived one bout lasting 74 rounds. Through the show, June learnt her grandparents were Scottish, Irish and Italian and her maternal grandmother was Sephardic Jewish. "I'm like a mongrel!" she remarked. Born June Muriel Brown in Needham Market, Suffolk, her father was wealthy entrepreneur HenryWilliam Melton Brown who went bankrupt three times. Her mother, Louisa Ann, was a milliner from Italian Cockney stock. June was one of five children. Her baby brother John died of pneumonia aged 15 days in 1932. Elder sister Marise [nicknamed Micie], eight, died two years later of meningitis. In her 2013 biography, The Year Before Dot, June said Micie's death "affected my whole character and shaped the way I behaved for a long time". She added: "I found it impossible to be happy alone. I was constantly in and out of love, always looking for the kind of caring Micie had given me." Academic and bright, June won a scholarship to Ipswich High School and planned to be a biologist. But she was prevented by her father who refused to pay for further education, and said she had to get married. Aged 17, towards the end of the Second World War, she joined the Women's Royal Naval Service and signed up for a play touring military posts. It altered her life. "I got laughs and that was when the bug got me," she reflected in later life. Once peacetime returned, she won a place at London's Old Vic Theatre School where she met John. They enjoyed an open marriage but loved each other dearly. She was devastated when he gassed himself to death at their home. One year later she married actor Robert (Bob) Arnold - PC Swain in BBC series Dixon Of Dock Green. They had six children in seven years. Their second daughter, Chloe, was born at 28 weeks and died after 16 days. Meanwhile, June's career was a success, playing Lady Macbeth and Hedda Gabler on stage, and with TV roles in Coronation Street, Doctor Who, Minder and The Bill. Leslie Grantham, EastEnders' Dirty Den, recommended her for the role of Dot Cotton. Her major storylines included marrying Jim Branning (John Bardon), developing kidney cancer and helping pal Ethel Skinner end her life. In 2015, she finally had enough of odious son Nick, leaving him to die after he overdosed on drugs. June became the first soap character to star in an episode entirely alone in 2008, winning a Bafta nomination. She made her last appearance in the soap in 2020 at 93. She was made an MBE in the 2008 Birthday Honours and an OBE in the 2022 New Year Honours for services to drama and charity. She was married to Robert for 45 years until his death in 2003. She died peacefully at home in Surrey on Sunday.