There are several things that motorists need to let the DVLA know, ranging from the change of vehicle to medical conditions. And if motorists fail to notify the agency about the changes they could get into a lot of trouble by facing huge fines and even court. Things such as not changing the address on the driving licence or failing to notify the DVLA about a change in marital status could land drivers with fines over £1,000. Many of these little tasks get overlooked, but in reality, they take five minutes to do and could potentially save drivers money and, in the worst case, a criminal record. The Insurance Factory has put together a list of all the things motorists might forget to tell the DVLA.  Change of address: READ MORE: Driver fined £200 after calling French traffic warden ‘immigrant’ Drivers need to notify the DVLA if they have moved homes and the address on their driving licence is no longer correct. According to the DVLA, an address change refers to anything from a permanent move to a temporary one, meaning that this also applies to students moving across the country to continue their studies. However, if the DVLA can still contact the driver at the permanent address they have on file, then motorists do not need to tell them. Updating the details on the driving licence can be done online and a new licence will be sent to the recipient within three weeks. DON'T MISS Electric vans are now cheaper to operate than diesel [REVEAL] Man receives parking fine whilst taking wife to Parkinson's class [SHOCKING]Driving in sandals could land motorists with a £5,000 fine [WARNING] Change in marital status: Motorists are also required to update their licence information if they change marital status. This includes marriage, divorce, or being widowed. Change of vehicle: If drivers have bought, sold or transferred a vehicle to someone else, they will need to inform the DVLA. If drivers have sold or bought a car, van, or motorbike from a garage or registered dealership, the company will usually notify the DVLA themselves. If you motorists prefer to do it themselves, the DVLA has an online service for this. Whilst there's no direct penalty for failing to tell the DVLA about a sold your car, it does put drivers at risk of being held accountable for driving offences committed by the new owner. Drivers also need to tell the DVLA if the vehicle has been scrapped or written off.  If drivers no longer use their vehicles: If motorists are not using their vehicle and it remains stationary on the road, the DVLA needs to be notified. By declaring the vehicle as SORN (Statutory Off Road Notification), drivers will receive a refund for any full months of remaining tax, but they will have to remember to tax their car before they can drive it again. Motorists will be fined £80 for not having a SORN. A vehicle can only be driven with a SORN on a public road to go to or from a pre-booked MOT or other testing appointments. Drivers could face court prosecution and a fine of up to £2,500 if they use it on the road for any other reason.  Change in medical conditions: Some of the most common conditions that may need to be disclosed include: Epilepsy – The DVLA needs to be informed but this doesn’t mean that drivers will never be allowed to drive again. For example, a person who has an isolated seizure will qualify for a driving licence if they are free from any further seizures for 6 months, unless there is an underlying factor that may increase the risk of a further seizure, in which case 12 months is required. Blackouts, fainting, loss of consciousness – Depending on how often it happens, motorists will need to speak to their doctor and may need to tell the DVLA. Diabetes – This depends on how the condition is being treated and whether the driver develops diabetes complications making it harder for them to drive. These complications could include things like problems with your eyes or nerve damage. Neurological conditions – Conditions such as multiple sclerosis, motor neurone disease, dementia, Parkinson's disease, and stroke among others can affect the ability to drive. Drivers could be fined up to £1,000 if they don't declare any medical conditions that impair their driving. If motorists are involved in an accident as a result of their condition then they could be prosecuted.  Changes to eyesight: To meet the minimum eyesight standards for driving, drivers must be able to read a car number plate from 20 metres away and have an adequate field of vision. Motorists can wear their glasses or contact lenses if necessary. If the driver’s eyesight begins to deteriorate, they need to inform the DVLA, but it doesn't necessarily mean they will have to give up their licence. Visual impairments that could affect the ability to drive include age-related macular degeneration, cataracts and glaucoma.