Meghan Markle, 40, has applied to trademark the word "archetypes", the name of her new Spotify podcast which is due to be released this summer 18 months after signing the lucrative £18million deal. Lord Alan Sugar has since reacted to The Duchess of Sussex after an application was made at the United States Patent and Trademark Office last month by Archewell Audio, one of several businesses founded by Meghan and Prince Harry. Archetypes derive from the ancient Greeks and first entered the English language in the 1540s. The "Archetypes" podcast will be hosted by Meghan who will speak to historians, experts and woman who have experienced being typecast. But the Duchess may be too late to use the term and could face challenges from companies that use the word, such as the skincare and cleaning products business Archetypes, which has already established a trademark. Archewell’s application says the word would cover a long list of entertainment services "in the fields of cultural treatment of women and stereotypes facing women". READ MORE: Darren Day almost unrecognisable as he embraces the grey on GB News The 75-year-old has since taken to Twitter and advised that Meghan should have contacted him before applying to use the word "archetypes". In view of his 5.2 million followers, he tweeted: "Should have gone to @TM_Wizards," followed by a laughing face emoji. The Apprentice star announced his investment in Charting Trade Mark Attorneys, TM Wizards, in December. Speaking in a promotional video at the time, the entrepreneur said: "Apart from yourself and the people that work for your business, your intellectual property rights are likely to be your most valuable commercial assets.  "One type of intellectual right is your trademark which includes your business name, logos, slogans, sub-brands, and in some cases your personal name and nicknames." He went on: "When it comes to my businesses, I don't mess around or take any risk when it comes to protecting my trademarks and intellectual property. "I make sure it gets done." Meghan's application to use the word archetype was made last month and the list includes podcasts, TV shows, DVDs, CDs and streaming services. In a trailer for the upcoming series, Meghan said: "This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us. DON'T MISS... Zoe Ball apologises for 'damage' to A3 after 'shock' over car accident[LATEST]Jane Fonda, 84, showcases ageless beauty in princess-style gown[PICTURES]Matt Lucas hits back at Celebrity Bake Off favouritism row accusation[TV] "But where do these stereotypes come from? And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives? "This is Archetypes – the podcast where we dissect, explore and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. "I’ll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. "And I’ll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place." Meghan and Harry reportedly signed a lucrative deal with the audio streaming giant to host and produce podcasts in 2020 after they stepped down as members of the royal family. The launch of Archetypes comes after the couple became embroiled in a misinformation row with the streaming giant. Several artists previously ditched the platform due to controversial content such as The Joe Rogan Experience podcast, which has been known to air vaccine-skeptical views. Express.co.uk has contacted Meghan Markle's representatives for comment.