Eco protesters have targeted terminals across the South since April 1. They have been blamed for shortages, compounding motorists’ misery of record prices at more than £2 a litre in some areas. At around 2.30am yesterday, 40 people locked themselves to the gates of the Buncefield oil terminal in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire. And at 6.30am, the Grays Inter Terminal in Thurrock, Essex, was swarmed by 40 people who attached themselves to the loading bay pipework. Essex Police, who have made 338 arrests in seven days, were dealing with 26 people at the site. Warwickshire Police made a further 29 arrests over the weekend in connection with continuing protests at Kingsbury Oil Terminal. Lambeth Bridge in London was cleared yesterday after police held Extinction Rebellion protesters. The last of them were moved after blocking it for several hours. A large group continued to obstruct Vauxhall Bridge yesterday afternoon. The mass protests have seen over 800 arrests across the country and put a “real strain” on police services. Activists demand the Government stops new oil and gas projects. Essex’s Assistant Chief Constable Glen Pavelin said: “We cannot stand by while criminal acts are being committed, and lives are being put at risk, in the name of protest. We are not anti-protest. Our job is to preserve life and catch criminals, and that’s what we’re going to do.” He said Sunday’s Thurrock action was “exceptionally dangerous due to where the protesters located themselves in the site”. Mr Pavelin added: “Our officers have been diligent in ensuring all protesters know the risks involved, and we’ve been working hard to minimise the dangers. “Put simply: we don’t want anyone to get hurt.” The force says the Thurrock protests have cost it over £1million. Mr Pavelin said “acts of criminality on site are not only illegal but they are continuing to put themselves and our officers at real risk of harm and that is unacceptable”. Warwickshire Assistant Chief Constable Ben Smith described “another busy weekend” with arrests for criminal damage and conspiracy. He said the force respected peaceful protest but warned: “We will take action against anyone who breaks the law or causes significant impact on the local community.”