Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp is set for discussions over a new contract at Anfield after the club have received encouragement that he would be open to staying beyond 2024. The Reds' incredible season has revitalised Klopp, who had initially intended to leave Merseyside at the end of his current deal. According to mass reports, Liverpool are preparing to move ahead with contract extension talks after Fenway Sports Group became aware of his recharged attitude. And the German coach could commit to as many as four more years at Anfield. Klopp has reiterated throughout his Liverpool tenure that he will only sign contracts he knows he has the energy and motivation to honour in full. It makes suggestions that he could sign a new four-year deal surprising, given his previous claims that he would be done in 2024. When speaking about his 2024 contract expiry as recently as March, the 54-year-old declared: "That will be me, thank you very much." But FSG president, Michael Gordon, was in attendance at Anfield as Liverpool beat Villarreal 2-0 on Wednesday, joined by Klopp's representative Marc Kosicke. JUST IN: Wayne Rooney ‘tempted’ by Burnley job after snubbing Man Utd role  Gordon has been informed that Klopp is now open to staying on Merseyside beyond the next two seasons, prompting him to open the negotiation process formally. His current £10million-a-year terms would almost certainly improve in any new deal, but Klopp's enthusiasm to continue managing the side overbears all over aspects. The news will come as a monumental boost for Liverpool fans the day after all-but sealing their place in another Champions League final. Wednesday's 2-0 win over Villarreal takes the Reds one step closer to a date in Paris next month, where Manchester City or Real Madrid will await. READ MORE: Owen insists Origi should not be hugging Klopp after Liverpool snubs  Since joining Liverpool from Borussia Dortmund in 2015, Klopp has grown an empire and has taken the club back to the summit of English and European football. During his seven-year stint, he has won the Champions League, Premier League, Carabao Cup, Club World Cup and UEFA Super Cup. But this season has the potential to be the greatest of his tenure yet, with the Reds gut-wrenchingly close to an unheard-of quadruple. They will face Chelsea in the FA Cup final, are one game away from the Champions League final, and could be crowned Premier League champions if Man City make a single slip-up in the run-in. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.