Little Mia Brooks was crying in pain, desperate for a wee, as she visited the petrol station supermarket with mum Sarah, 35, on Sunday. They'd picked up her favourite drink ahead of a trip to the park but staff at the shop in Stockport, Greater Manchester, "bluntly" refused the request to use the bathroom. Mia, who has suspected autism, became more and more distressed in the supermarket. "Mia was in hysterics and crying and saying 'I really need the toilet mummy' and the woman working there could clearly see how distressed and upset she was getting, even my daughter looked at her and said 'please'," said mother-of-one Sarah. "Her response was very blunt and she just said 'no, it's staff only'. She told us there was a pub across the road, or if we couldn't use that, then there was a McDonald's down the road." Sarah has since complained to Tesco, Manchester Evening News reports.  The mum, from Stockport, said: "Thankfully we came across a Sainsbury's with a petrol station and they said 'there's a customer toilet right there'. We explained what had happened and they said that even if theirs had been a staff toilet and not a customer toilet they would still have let her use it. "No child should be left in such discomfort. In fact no human being should be left like that if they are desperate. She did end up having an accident and it really upset her. "We were supposed to be going to Redesmere Lake to see the ducks on Sunday afternoon but we just went home instead as she didn't want to go anymore." Sarah, who works for the NHS, also shared her ire on Facebook but received little support from people online. "The response from the public was disgusting," she said. "One person said I should have just pulled my daughter's pants down and let her pee on the grass. I'm sorry but she's not an animal, they might have done that back in the day, but it's humiliating and embarrassing, she's five years old and she understands these things."  She continued: "I'm an NHS worker working on the wards and we have patient toilets and staff toilets," she said. "If a relative comes to visit they'd have to use the main toilets in the hospital, but if someone was really struggling - say a child or an elderly person with mobility issues - we would let them use the staff toilets and then ask domestics to clean them or do it ourselves. "If we can do that on an NHS ward with strict rules on infections then I'm sure other places can make allowances." A Tesco spokesperson said: "We’re really very sorry this happened and the team have been reminded that access to our toilets are given to anyone who needs to use them including children, pregnant and disabled customers." 