Antiques Roadshow visited Bishop’s Palace in Somerset in a recent episode of the BBC show. Expert John Sandon was asked to evaluate a teacup that had been given to a reverend as a gift from a European royal. However, the owner of the piece was left stunned when John revealed it was worth over 10 times what he had predicted. John began: “A cup and saucer and also letters giving details of when they were presented. “The letters show it was given to a Reverend Pocock, that was in September 1877 and it was given by no less than the Empress Augusta of Germany.” The guest revealed: “Well, it’s been in the family for a long time but my mother died earlier in the year, I'm an executor and in her will, she is passing this on to my cousin, her niece.” “The letter says here, ‘Her Majesty the Empress Queen is sorry to hear of your departure from Koblenz. Read more: Antiques Road Trip expert Ochuko Ojiri ‘heartbroken’ by statue’s loss “‘I am directed to forward to you the following parcel containing a piece of China made in the royal manufactory in Berlin.’ “So the Empress Queen that of course is Empress Augusta. She is the wife of Kaiser Wilhelm and so she [was] one of the most important people in Europe at that time. “Well, the Royal manufactory in Berlin is best known for its initials KPM and one speciality of the factory was topographical decoration – that's porcelain painted with landscapes and views. “Usually the view was in Berlin, and they were given as royal and diplomatic gifts.” “Do you know what the view shows?” John asked to which the guest replied: “No, I've got no idea.” “I recognise this view as the electoral palace in Koblenz and this was the building where the Empress, when she was Princess Augusta and Prince Wilhelm lived in the palace here in the early 1850s. “Have you got a good magnifying glass at home?” “I haven't used one, no,” the owner of the item admitted. DON'T MISSAntiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow guest speechless over mountaineer kit value [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow guest offers to sell rare tea set to expert  [INSIGHT] “I’ve got my little lens here,” John continued. “And looking through it I can see every single window, every little chimney, on the roof. It's all there in incredible detail. “When this was given this wasn't a new cup and saucer it would have been something that Empress had in her china cabinets on her dressing table. “And she's chosen this personal relic to give to her friend, the Reverend Pocock as a gift. “So a costly cup and saucer when it was given and a true heirloom indeed.” “Now a piece like that with the royal provenance I guess it's going to be £4,000 even £5,000,” John revealed. The stunned guest replied: “Really? Ah, we talked about it in the car on the way here and guessed £400. What do we know?" “It was a cabinet piece and special indeed,” John concluded. “Well, my mother asked me to pass it on to her niece so I guess I'll have to do that,” the owner quipped. “After that valuation, one’s tempted to do otherwise.” Antiques Roadshow continues on BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.