Having used her BBC radio shows to speak about hard-hitting and important issues such as race and mental health, Amfo has been praised for her recent openness concerning her surgery, which has led to her changing her diet, exercise routine and attitude towards her health. Speaking on yesterday’s Life Hacks show, Amfo said that she was first diagnosed during a routine health checkup, but regretfully didn’t receive treatment until months later. The NHS explains that fibroids are non-cancerous growths that appear on, in or around the womb. They are made up of muscle and fibrous tissue and can vary in size. Although non-cancerous, fibroids can cause severe symptoms, with one in three women experiencing the following: In some care cases, complications with fibroids can affect pregnancy and cause infertility. However, in most cases, fibroids do not cause symptoms and are only diagnosed by chance during a routine gynaecological examination, test or scan. Speaking about her own experience with fibroids, Amfo said: “I developed anaemia because of my period pain, my periods were so heavy I was losing so much blood because of them [fibroids].  READ MORE: Vitamin B12 deficiency: A problem with understanding is a sign - other indicators  More evidence to suggest a link between fibroids and oestrogen, is that most women who develop the condition are in their reproductive years- when oestrogen levels are at their highest. Fibroids tend to shrink when oestrogen levels are low, such as after the menopause when a woman's monthly periods stop. Other causal factors could include: As previously mentioned, fibroids can vary in size, with some the size of a pea and the others a size of a melon. For Amfo, surgery removed six of her fibroids, but she still has two little ones remaining. There are also slightly different types of fibroids, some of which can be attached to the womb with a narrow stalk of tissue. The three main types of fibroids include:  Treatment for fibroids can either involve “active surveillance,” as for some individuals fibroids will shrink and disappear without treatment. But for others, medications, surgery or other, less invasive procedures may be recommended to help shrink the growths. Although having experienced symptoms before treatment, Amfo went on to say that it was following her surgery, and “tough” recovery that she found tricky. She said that she could “barely bend over,” making the time after her operation extremely tricky. “I couldn’t do anything. I remember waking up in the hospital. I just started sobbing immediately because I was so disoriented and in so much pain. The next day I needed a shower so I messaged my friend Mel, so everyday she was coming to my house to clean me.” Going on to explain how her health ordeal has changed her outlook, both mentally and physically, the radio DJ went on to say: “I have had to literally change my diet. I love a slice of cake and have a massive sweet tooth, but I just can’t eat the stuff I used to eat anymore.  “I have had to cut out a lot of sugar from my diet, a lot of red meat, soy and dairy because they are essentially, fibroid feeders. I am still eating fun foods. It is just a different kind of fun. “It has also changed my approach to health. You cannot take your body for granted. It is truly precious. If something doesn’t feel right, you know yourself and you know your body, there is no harm asking for a second or third opinion.” Although there is little evidence to suggest that fibroids can be prevented, the Fibroid Treatment Collective explains that some research states that altering the food you eat may help slow fibroid growth. In particular, dietary changes that help to lower oestrogen levels are the best to help lessen symptoms and slow fibroid growth. With this in mind, the foods that increase oestrogen, and should therefore be avoided include: 