Ant Middleton, the former host of Channel 4’s military training show, SAS: Who Dares Wins has warned Vladimir Putin is "unstable." Talking on Piers Morgan’s Uncensored, the former British soldier argued the Russian leader was "reaching his wit's end' amid renewed nuclear threats from the Kremlin. Mr Middleton told Sky News host Piers Morgan: "When you got someone barking as much as Putin about nuclear weapons, first of all, you ask yourself two questions. He said: "One, does he have that capability? And two, is he as he got the minerals as he got the balls to use that capability? "I'd say no." He added: "Basically what he's done he's gone into Ukraine... they're amazing people, they're fighting forces are holding the fort at the moment.  "Don't think that the Russians are going in there, and they're having an easy time - because they're certainly not. "I know people who are on the ground in Ukraine and they're quite happy at the moment, actually, because they're actually really holding them. "They think they can genuinely beat them." The former SAS member added: "[Putin's] unstable, it's clear to see when I saw his first interview with Putin, I saw how unstable he was and I thought to myself, Wow, this guy's got potential to do something crazy.  "But the amount of barking he's doing... especially about nuclear deterrence and nuclear weapons, I think that he's at his wit's end now, now he's trying to divert people by making the noise of that he's got nuclear weapons." Professor Michael Clarke, former director of the Royal United Services Institute think tank, has predicted the Ukraine war will drag on and become a more dangerous and global conflict. He told BBC Radio 4's World at One programme: "We've got to expect that this may go on for the rest of this year, maybe next year. "[The Russians] keep using the nuclear rhetoric to try to frighten the West into standing aside but it's not working.  DON’T MISS: Putin 'rubbing hands with glee' as fossil fuel exports soar £52bn despite Ukraine war Putin humiliated after ‘overestimating’ Chechen army - Elite forces given ‘sinister’ role "We have to expect and accept the fact that this crisis has got a long way to go yet and it will get tougher and more dangerous as we go forward." He said people should not be alarmed by Russian President Vladimir Putin's nuclear threats. "If a nuclear weapon were used, it might well be a tactical nuclear weapon in Ukraine itself and we're a long way from that happening." More than five million refugees have fled abroad since Russia launched its "special military operation" in Ukraine on February 24.