Britain's Got Talent's return to ITV has been a rough one as the show has been branded a "fix" by viewers after two Golden Buzzer winners have had previous success in their chosen talent. On Saturday night, dance troupe Les Sancho appeared to impress audiences and judges, but it wasn't their first time competing in the show, as they previously made it to the final of the French version. The eight-person French dance group is made up of teachers from Marseille who got the audience and judges up on their feet. Their energetic performance was full of twists and turns and gave a fun, genre-bending show with the best moves and added humour. However, the British talent show isn't the first time they have debuted their dance talents, as they previously competed in the French version La France A Un Incroyable Talent. During their time on the French show, they received the Golden Buzzer and were fast-tracked to the semi-final and then made it through to the final. READ MORE: 'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry Despite their talents, the group didn't win the show and explained to the judges this time round was their chance to "level up". Taking to the stage, the group introduced themselves and revealed why they were on the show, explaining: "Britain's Got Talent is the biggest Got Talent. "The first one, the original one, it's just a level up, a step up for us." At the end of their performance, judges Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams were on their feet, with Simon Cowell giving the group the iconic thumbs up. Praising their performance, David said: "You are all wonderful dancers, I love the surprise, you guys are sensational!" Alesha added: "The intro where you were doing the street dancing that was wicked! Your Latin flavour was amazing, great personalities, there's nothing here not to love." Amanda exclaimed: "Zut Alors! I flipping loved it, I've not felt this much joy about a dance crew for ages on Britain's Got Talent, so I am thrilled you came today from France, Merci." With Simon finally saying: "Oui. C'est Magnifique! Of all the thousands of dance crews, groups, whatever you want to call them, we've had over the years, we actually only remember a few. DON'T MISS...Britain's Got Talent defend 'Jim Crow' act after backlash [INSIGHT]Britain’s Got Talent fans ‘work out’ The Phantom Man act  [LATEST]Britain's Got Talent 'fix' row as fans slam second Golden Buzzer act [WATCH] 1597673 "And what you have is amazing personalities, you have amazing showmanship, so it was a fantastic audition." All four judges said yes to the group, which sent them through to the next round of the competition. Fans have recently slammed the show for being a "fix" after singer Loren Allred, and comedian Axel Blake received the Golden Buzzer despite already having previous success. Loren took to the stage and revealed she was the voice behind the hit song Never Enough from the blockbuster film The Greatest Showman. Viewers were furious when Amanda gave her the Golden Buzzer, complaining she was a "professional" and claimed it wasn't "fair". During the second episode, comedian Axel received the Golden Buzzer from Simon Cowell. However, it was soon revealed he already had his own feature film with streaming service Amazon Prime, leaving viewers more frustrated. Axel built his career as a comedian whilst working and has hosted for platforms such as SBTV and UNILAD before landing his Amazon success. Britain's Got Talent airs Saturday from 8pm on ITV.