Erik ten Hag did not deny that he's accepted the Manchester United job when he was congratulated on landing the role by Dutch journalist Mike Verweij ahead of the KNVB Cup final with PSV Eindhoven. The Telegraaf reporter was keen to ask the Ajax boss why he is yet to speak out on his new venture, prompting a firm response from the 52-year-old tactician.  Verweij said: "First of all, congratulations with your move to Manchester United. Can you explain why you are keeping quiet about this?" Before Ten Hag replied: “Because I serve Ajax. We need to win the two remaining trophies." He will seek to win the first of two pieces of silverware this Sunday when Ajax clash with their Eredivisie rivals at De Kuip in Rotterdam. PSV will be out to make amends for Thursday's Europa Conference League quarter-final defeat to Leicester, a match they had led until late in the second half when James Maddison and Ricardo Pereira struck for the Foxes. READ MORE: Man Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal For Ajax, this is a chance for Ten Hag to sign off in style after he pipped Mauricio Pochettino to the United hot seat, following an impressive interview with John Murtough and Darren Fletcher. Though United have still yet to formally announce he will be their new manager next season. And the pressure is on after weeks of intensive speculation, something Ten Hag has been keen to continuously brush aside. But defeat to PSV could lead to unavoidable scrutiny and furthermore, have potentially damaging implications for the legacy he leaves behind in Amsterdam. Ten Hag's relationship with the Dutch media appears to have soured in recent weeks due to the line of questioning he has faced on his future. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal He was also asked whether he was "afraid" to announce his departure, something he categorically denied. “I am not afraid. I will repeat myself one more time," Ten Hag said. "Do you have questions about the cup final? About Ajax?" When asked about the demands of managing a club like Manchester United, Ten Hag added: “Yeah, you can keep trying to ask me about this, but I am here to talk about Ajax." Ajax talisman Dusan Tadic was full of praise for his manager when asked on why Ten Hag is such a good fit for the Premier League, where the Serbian played with Southampton. “I hope he stays. But he is a fantastic manager, one of the best managers in the world. So then you will fit well," Tadic said. “Tactically, Erik ten Hag is the best. You will know what to do when you are on the pitch." Ajax are currently four points clear at the top of the Eredivisie and Ten Hag is desperate to secure a domestic double before he heads to Old Trafford. He feels a sense of additional pressure after his side crashed out of the Champions League in the last 16 after winning all six of their group matches in Europe.