Antonio Conte is looking likely stay at Tottenham despite being touted with a move away from north London, with reports claiming that Paris Saint-Germain are "not 100 per cent sure" on signing the Italian as their new boss ahead of the 2022-23 season - and Spurs not willing to let him go without a huge fight.  Conte joined Tottenham in November after Nuno Espirito Santo was relieved of his duties following a poor run of results in the Premier League. The Italian signed a one-and-a-half-year deal with an option to extend for another season, although his future was cast into doubt last week with reports that PSG were keen on replacing ex-Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino at the end of the current campaign. But a report by the Independent suggests the French giants are not totally convinced on the former Inter Milan boss. Reports had claimed that Conte would swap positions with Pochettino, with the Spurs legend's future up in the air following PSG's disappointing exit from the Champions League in March. Conte would reportedly prove difficult to attract to the Parc des Princes as Tottenham's board would not allow him to leave after his superb showings so far in his tenure. Chairman Daniel Levy acknowledges what a huge loss he would be for the club after guiding them from ninth to fifth in the space of just five months. Furthermore, Pochettino's future lies in the hands of the PSG hierarchy due to changes that will be made elsewhere at the club. There are likely to be departures in the boardroom with the failings on the pitch stemming from a deep-rooted level of mismanagement. Huge deals for Neymar, Kylian Mbappe and Lionel Messi have yet to result in Champions League triumph for Les Parisiens and that is considered a failure for the European giants. Sporting director Leonardo has garnered widespread criticism for his actions in recent years and the Brazilian is expected to leave the club over the summer. Pochettino claimed in a press conference earlier in the week that both he and Mbappe are "100 per cent" expected to stay at the club, with the French prodigy being heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid in the summer. “100 per cent in both cases," Pochettino said when asked how confident he was the pair would stay in the French capital. “That is how I feel today. That is what I can say to you today. I can’t say anything else. That is how I feel right now. This is football and we never know what might happen. But I have to answer the question based on how I feel today. And that is what I have done. “There haven’t been any concrete talks, beyond what is normal in terms of our plans and what we have been doing so far."