Gary Windass (played by Mikey North) killed Rick Neelan (Greg Wood) in an act of self-defence but has spun a web of lies ever since on Coronation Street to cover up his crime while taking the loan shark’s daughter under his wing. Now, with Laura Neelan (Kel Allen) on her deathbed will Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) turn against her husband when Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson) makes a heartbreaking confession? In recent scenes, Laura confessed to murdering Rick after discovering Gary was responsible for the crime instead. The dying mother wanted to make sure her daughter’s future was secure and kept the truth hidden to protect her. However, Laura may live to regret her decision when Kelly refuses to see her mother. Gary visits her in hospital and is mortified by how much she’s deteriorated. Read more: Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin devastated as Toyah adopts baby Laura admits she wishes to hold Kelly one last time but will Gary be able to persuade the wayward teenager? Back on the cobbles, Maria and Kelly prepare to leave for the hairdressing awards. Gary interrupts and reveals he’s had a call from the hospital to say Laura is in a bad way. The mum has only hours left to live and time is running out for Kelly to say her final goodbyes. However, Kelly declares her day won’t be ruined by her mum as she has no interest in seeing her. Maria rushes after her and the pair head off to the awards ceremony. Kelly’s overjoyed when she wins Best Trainee Stylist and celebrates with glasses of wine. Gary arrives and pleads with her to visit Laura one last time. If Kelly does agree to see her mum, she may have missed her opportunity and her mum may have died by the time she arrives at the hospital. DON'T MISSCoronation Street's Alexandra pays tribute to co-star 'Miss him' [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Imran Habeeb's exit sealed in revenge plot [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Emma Brooker pregnant as she exits with Jon [INTERVIEW] When Maria learns of Laura’s dying wish, will she be able to forgive Gary for letting the mum take the blame for Rick’s murder? The hairdresser stood by Gary when he confessed to killing Rick after being attacked by the loanshark. The couple subsequently welcomed Kelly into their home so she could continue her education in Weatherfield. Maria has become a mother figure for Kelly and she may get to a point where she can no longer cope with Gary’s lies. Will she decide to turn her back on her marriage after learning Kelly didn’t get the chance to say a proper goodbye to Laura? Kelly was heartbroken when her mum confessed to killing her dad but of course, Maria knows this isn’t true. Although the teenager is angry with her mum, she may regret her decision not to say goodbye in the future. If Kelly admits to Maria that she wished she had seen her mother one last time, the hairdresser may realise she can no longer stay married to a murderer. Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.