Freeze the Fear is BBC's latest survival series, which sees seven celebrities immerse themselves into some spine-chilling challenges with the supervision of extreme athlete Wim Hof. The show is hosted by Lee Mack and Holly Willoughby, who guide the celebrities as they push their bodies past extreme conditions. Contestant Dianne Buswell opened up to Claudia Winkleman about her experience on the show and admitted that none of them knew what they were getting themselves into. During Claudia's Radio 2 breakfast show on Saturday, April 16, the presenter said: "My final guest is a ballroom superstar, and she is also Freeze the Fear. "She Strictly's brilliant pro dancer, good afternoon Dianne Buswell, you said yes to this, explain to the group please the show Freeze the Fear!" Excited about the show, Dianne exclaimed: "Oh my goodness, so Freeze the Fear, to be honest, we didn't really know what we had signed up for. "We knew that Wim was involved, and I am a bit of a superfan of Wim, so that is kind of what drew me in in the first place. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames A "Basically, it is a lot of cold exposure and also facing your fears. So for me, I have a massive fear and phobia of heights, and there is a lot of heights involved and a lot of cold therapy. "So that's it in a nutshell, but we also got to live in this amazing tent together, all seven of us celebrities. It was quite a time, I loved every second of it," she said. Claudia continued: "It is an amazing watch, Wim believes that through the power of the mind, you can overcome sort of freezing temperatures. "I mean, he walked up Everest, I believe, wearing a pair of shorts in the first episode of this show, he comes and jumps into a freezing and he goes swimming in ice water. "Did you think before you took part, 'I am going to be brave and go for it'? Did you think, 'I'm going to be alright?" "I was really nervous, actually," Dianne revealed. "I am quite a nervous person, so this was something that I wanted to do to kind of overcome nerves. "Sort of the little things that talk to you in the back of your mind where you can't do something, and you are exactly right when you say Wim tells you the power of your mind is so much stronger than you believe - and that got me. "I was just like, 'Yes, I need to do this show so that I can believe in myself that my mind is a lot stronger than I give it credit for' and he certainly made me believe that," she praised. DON'T MISS...'Do you need help?' Gabby Logan sparks panic after ice lake plunge [INSIGHT]Wim Hof Method may 'influence' immune system to fight infections [LATEST]BBC's Owain Wyn Evans in tears as he takes on ice plunge 'Scared' [WATCH] Before the debut of the first episode, Dianne told Lorraine Kelly that she was close to pulling out of the show before filming had begun. She admitted: "Yeah, it was the day before, and I said, 'Joe [Sugg, Dianne's partner], I think I might just call up and say I’m not doing it,' but he was like, 'You definitely can’t'. "He really wanted me to do this, he said, 'This is so up your street, you’re going to love this'. He was my biggest support and so so proud of me, he came and watched the first episode with me." During the first episode, Gabby Logan took on the challenge and submerged herself into freezing water in just a swimsuit. After coming back to the surface, she expressed to the team that she was struggling to catch her breath, saying: "I couldn't breathe." Presenter Holly Willoughby watched on in admiration and said: "She’s such a strong, strong woman. She was committed, she wanted to do this. "But when you hit that cold water, it literally takes your breath away, so that whole thing of using your mind to control that fear is unusual." Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof airs Tuesday from 9pm on BBC One.