The Russian ships, Aframax tanker PEGAS and VF TANKER 2, were detained at Karystos Bay in the Petalioi Gulk in Greece for reportedly violating EU sanctions. PEGAS is understood to have been towed to Karystos after suffering mechanical failure, while VF TANKER 2 was heading to the Black Sea but sailed through Karystos Bay for an unknown reason. This comes after Putin threatened to cut off Europe's gas supply if "unfriendly countries" did not pay in rubles. Speaking earlier in April, the Russian President said: "In order to purchase Russian natural gas, they must open ruble accounts in Russian banks. "It is from these accounts that payments will be made for gas delivered starting from tomorrow. "If such payments are not made, we will consider this a default on the part of buyers, with all the ensuing consequences." He added: "Nobody sells us anything for free, and we are not going to do charity either - that is, existing contracts will be stopped." This came after Western nations imposed harsh sanctions on Russia. As well as a ban on Russian ships, the EU has imposed a range of sanctions on Russian individuals, businesses and financial institutions. The bloc has pledged to cut its use of Russian gas by two-thirds by the end of 2022, with the longer-term goal of ending its reliance on Russian energy entirely by 2030. The EU imports 40 percent of its gas and 27 percent of its oil from Russia. READ MORE: Putin's 'insane' miscalculation of war analysed - 'Emotions took over' Meanwhile, the UK, which gets 4 percent of its gas and 8 percent of its oil from Russia, has pledged to phase out Russian oil imports by 2023 and explore ending gas imports. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said stopping imports of Russian oil by the end of 2022 was "another economic blow to the Putin regime". The UK Government has claimed sanctions imposed by Western allies are sending Russia towards the "deepest recessions since the collapse of the Soviet Union". Their analysis reported that £275 billion worth of assets, equivalent to 60 percent of Russian foreign currency reserves, are currently frozen.  DON'T MISS: Germany recession warning: 'Hundreds of thousands of jobs' to be lost [INSIGHT] Russia bans Boris, Truss, Sunak and Patel from entering country [REPORT] Putin's 'insane' miscalculation of war analysed - 'Emotions took over' [ANALYSIS] But speaking earlier this week Putin said that Western sanctions have failed. He said: "This strategy of economic blitzkrieg has failed", adding that the sanctions have led to a "deterioration of the economy in the West." Speaking in televised remarks during a video call with top economic officials, Putin claimed "Russia has withstood the unprecedented pressure", arguing that the ruble has strengthened. He also claimed that the country has recorded a historic high trade surplus of $58bn in the economic quarter. This comes as Russia begins a renewed offensive to capture the Donbas region of Ukraine. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky last night said that the "battle of Donbas" has already begun, saying that a "significant part of the entire Russian army is now concentrated on this offensive."