Sean Connery shocked his fans when it was announced that he was making a comeback as James Bond in 1983. The Scottish actor played the iconic secret agent six times from 1962 to 1971 with film companies MGM and Eon. But, after the 1971 movie Diamonds Are Forever, he announced he would "never" return to playing Bond. 12 years later, in 1983, he made a triumphant return in Never Say Never Again. Connery's own words were used as inspiration for the film's title, hinting that he would never say never to playing the character again. But, as this was a different kind of James Bond film, a lot of things changed behind the scenes. For instance, the martial arts choreography was taken on by a new, up-and-coming expert: Steven Seagal. The Canadian star, at the time, was relatively unknown in the movie world, and mainly worked behind the scenes. Over the years he would build up a notable action movie career. But in 1983, he was responsible for breaking Connery's wrist. Connery was 53-years-old when he returned to play Bond. And, although he had spent decades of his life making films, he was not as clued up as he thought he was. Speaking on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno in 1996, Connery explained: "I got ahold of Steven and we had this training in the building where I had an apartment and he was really very, very good and everything." Connery added: "I got a little cocky." READ MORE: Next James Bond: Tom Hardy can't budge 007 frontrunner Connery revealed that he "thought he knew what he was doing". He said: "The principle is: it's defence. So it's a pyramid and I got a bit flash." The star raised his arm and explained: "I did that and he broke my wrist." Somehow, all those years later, his wrist was still not fully healed. DON'T MISS...Tom Hardy can't budge 007 frontrunner [ODDS]Idris Elba wanted as 007 by director keen to reboot [NEWS]The Downton Abbey stars ‘in the running’ [INSIGHT] Connery noted that it still hurt if he moved it a certain way. The Hunt for Red October star then added: "It's so well put together I still have it broken. I just found out last year. It's still broken." Despite the long-lasting injury, Connery was not unhappy about how it all went down. Never Say Never Again earned him $3 million (approximately $8 million today) for his appearance. And he managed to beat out fellow 007 star George Lazenby to the role. He was, at first, reluctant to return as James Bond, however. Connery confessed at the time: "[His wife] Micheline encouraged me to think about it carefully: 'Why not play the role? What do you risk? After all these years, it might be interesting.'" He added: "The more I thought about it, the more I thought she was right. There was also a certain amount of curiosity in me about the role, having been away from it so long." Years later, he hinted that Never Say Never Again was one of his favourite Bond movies to date. He said: "From Russia with Love, my all-time favourite Bond picture, had the most interesting chemistry, I think. It was more a detective story than some of the later Bonds – and that detective element, which we tried for in Never [Say Never Again], makes the part more humanised." SOURCE / SOURCE