Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand has concerns over Erik ten Hag's request to have 100 per cent control over transfers. Ten Hag is claimed to consider having that control as a 'key point' if he were to take over at Old Trafford. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims the Dutchman wants to have complete say over new signings, players leaving and new contracts. ESPN reported this week that Ten Hag is the chosen candidate for United. But Ferdinand doubts whether the Ajax boss would get the control he wants. Asked if the Dutchman can have full control, Ferdinand said on BT Sport: "There’s only a glimmer of hope to do that if he comes in and says ‘who is the technical director here? Who buys and sells the players at the moment?’ "At the moment, that question can’t be convincingly answered. Darren Fletcher is still in a transition period to get to that point and there isn’t a definitive role at this moment.  "So, Ten Hag could come in and demand that, but we’ll see what it’s like. What he has done with Ajax is bring in players and make them better. "Go through their recruitment and you can see the players now are better than when they arrived. Different club, different stature I know. "He has worked at a club like Bayern for a couple of years when Pep [Guardiola] was there so he knows what a big club feels like, but it’s very different as a manager. I wish him well if he is going to be the guy." DON'T MISSTottenham boss Antonio Conte hints at transfer plans involving Harry Kane [QUOTES]Erik ten Hag 'wants to take trusted Ajax coach with him to Man Utd' after Rangnick warning [REPORT]Arsenal signing Hazard could force Arteta to fast-track plan and save millions [OPINION]  Ferdinand says there is no outstanding candidate to turn the fortunes around at United. But he wants Ten Hag to build a culture like former boss Sir Alex Ferguson did. The pundit added: "Obsession, that’s the type of word Sir Alex Ferguson would put into the players’ heads. Listen, I think Ten Hag, if he’s the guy that comes in and the rumours are that he might be, "I don’t think there’s any candidate out there that’s been talked about that you think ‘he’s the guy, he’ll give us a great opportunity at challenging’. I think he’ll need support and the framework around him, in terms of recruitment and strategy, then he needs to provide the foundations for the framework around the team and the culture.  "You look at Sir Alex Ferguson there and what he did, he built a culture over many years and had plenty of support in that time. But, he built a culture. Managers nowadays have to do that much quicker. "You see with Pep and Jurgen Klopp they can build a culture and implement that, but this manager (Erik Ten Hag) will need that time and have to show the signs early on to get that." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 