French President Emmanuel Macron soared into the second stage of France’s presidential election, topping the popularity charts. The 44-year-old will meet his political adversary, Marine Le Pen, for a repeat of the 2017 election where he became the youngest ever President in his country’s history. Mr Macron held off competition from 11 other candidates to top the first round ballot charts with 27.9 percent of the vote. The incumbent President had faced criticism coming into the election for his handling of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and high levels of inflation in France. As a result of the war in Ukraine, he had only been able to conduct his campaign in person shortly before the first round began. One of the main slogans used within his rhetoric is the phrase ‘avec vous’, but what does it actually mean? READ MORE: Labour warning over SNP’s ‘backward’ opposition to nuclear In English, ‘avec vous’ literally translates as ‘with you’, and has been used by Mr Macron to grow his support base. During his first term in office, his policies have led to several flash-points with the public - particularly the yellow vest movement in 2018. Coming into this election, analysts had expected Mr Macron would look to appease sections of the electorate who believe he has a perceived bias in favour of the elite and wealthy city dwellers. Throughout his time as President, Mr Macron has been viewed by the public to have a centre-right political leaning.  Mr Macron will face the same opponent he came up against five years ago for his second round run-off vote, Marine Le Pen. Ms Le Pen is the candidate for the far-right National Rally party and achieved a score of 23.2 percent in the first round. The second round of voting will take place on Sunday, April 24. In their previous meeting, Mr Macron emerged victorious with 66 percent of the vote to 34 percent. DON'T MISS: ‘Chemical weapon’ horror as Putin drops ‘poisonous substance’ on city [NEWS]Marine Le Pen win would be better for Brexit Britain – POLL [POLL]Andrew Neil pinpoints nightmare NATO scenario for Putin [EXPLAINED] However, pollsters are predicting a much tighter contest this time around. For example, Politico has the two candidates split by just six percentage points, in favour of the incumbent President. Ms Le Pen is likely to be bolstered by supporters from eliminated candidates such as Eric Zemmour and Nicolas Dupont-Aignan - who has already thrown his support behind her. She has campaigned on her party’s traditional line of curbing immigration and ‘keeping France for the French’.  Both Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen will be hoping to poach some of the 7.7 million-plus voters who supported the far-left candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon He has advised his supporters not to vote for Ms Le Pen in the second round, but stopped short of advising them to vote for Mr Macron. A low turnout was reported during the first round and experts have suggested that a similar pattern in round two could create uncertainty. According to the French Interior Ministry turnout stood at 65 percent, at 5pm last Sunday, down from the 69 percent recorded at the same time in 2017. 