Diehard Manchester City fan Liam Gallagher has boldly labelled the club 'champions' following Sunday's 2-2 draw against Premier League title rivals Liverpool. Former Oasis singer Gallagher produced a series of X-rated posts on Twitter throughout and after the heavyweight clash at the Etihad. Minutes before full-time, the former Oasis star expressed his disliking of the referee Anthony Taylor, calling him a 'massive c***'. After the final whistle blew, Man City had maintained their one-point lead at the Premier League summit with seven games to play. But Gallagher renamed the Citizens' opponents 'Luckypool', indicating he thought Jurgen Klopp's side were fortunate to escape defeat in east Manchester. In a follow-up tweet, he made it clear that he believes the result will be enough to see City lift their sixth Premier League title. He wrote: "MCFC CHAMPIONS LG X." But the 49-year-old didn't stop there, claiming the hosts 'played Liverpool off the park' and that it should've been 10-2 against 'Luckypool', either side of titling the Merseyside giants 'dirty c***s'. Gallagher rounded off his seven-tweet analysis by abbreviating 'top of the league' before a final statement: "Squeak easy s***kbubbles MCFC LG X." JUST IN: Piers Morgan watches Man City vs Liverpool with 'heavy heart' The popular artist, who released his latest hit 'C'mon You Know' on April 1, has never been one to mince his words, especially when it comes to his beloved football club. And emotions were clearly high amongst both City and Liverpool fanbases during a clash that genuinely felt like a title decider in east Manchester. Both outfits will be pleased to have avoided a potentially fatal defeat, but after full-time, Pep Guardiola admitted it felt like a missed opportunity after City lost the lead in both halves. But the reigning champions boast the more favourable run-in, and they'll be confident of retaining their crown in May. READ MORE: Liverpool's Diogo Jota has demand of team-mates after title hopes hit Gallagher will be just as riled up on Saturday when City and Liverpool meet again in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley Stadium. Guardiola's side want to replicate Manchester United's 1999 treble success, being the first club to do so, whilst Klopp and co. are pursuing an unprecedented quadruple. It's primed to be an electric afternoon in the capital, with the victors facing Crystal Palace or Chelsea in the final, one week before the final round of Premier League fixtures. Next up for both, though, are their respective Champions League quarter-final second legs in midweek. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here