GB News host Eamonn Holmes, 62, had vented his frustration at the Duke and Duchess of Sussex who recently paid a visit to Queen Elizabeth II in the UK while en route to The Hague in The Netherlands for the Invictus Games, with Prince Harry saying the monarch was on "great form". However, the former This Morning presenter took offence to Harry’s other comments in an interview with NBC’s Today Show, where he said he wanted to make sure his grandmother was "protected" and has "the right people around her". Following reports that the Duke is working on a book in which he’ll open up about several of his relatives in the Royal Family, Eamonn said: “He’s bringing a book out where he’s slagging off Camilla and maybe William and his father. “How on earth… why wouldn’t they just throw him over the balcony and her with him?” Omid Scobie, a friend of the couple who co-wrote the book Finding Freedom: Harry and Meghan and the Making of A Modern Royal Family, furiously tweeted: "Everyone is entitled to an opinion, especially on an interview made for public consumption. “But you know what isn’t acceptable? Vile ‘commentary’ that only serves to incite violence and hate.” READ MORE: 'Really tough' Alfie Boe's sad admission after 16-year marriage ended In response to the clip of Eamonn on GB News, author, activist and lawyer Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu also said: "Murder the Queen’s grandson? Throwing Prince Harry and Meghan over the Royal Balcony is NOT an opinion. “It’s declared intent to incite MURDER against #HarryandMeghan.” She continued, writing: "Prosecute Eamonn Holmes – Freedom of speech is NOT freedom from consequences. Like Piers Morgan it’s intentional.” Previously Eamonn has also said: ”And also the sneaky nature with which they got into the country last week and they go and see the Queen whilst his brother is away on a skiing trip." He continued: "The funny thing is, I noticed Harry during an interview at the Invictus Games, Harry was so like his father. “He doesn't want to be like his father, but he sits there and he says, 'I think what is happening here, it's extraordinary, extraordinary'. “He keeps using the word extraordinary, which is a favourite word of Prince Charles, when he talks about things. “He is more like his father than he would probably like to be," Eamonn added. DONT MISS: Prince Harry savaged as ‘out of touch’ during NBC interview (PHOTOS)Alison Hammond feared she'd 'killed' This Morning co-star (NEWS)Tom Parker's wife mourns 'guardian angel' in eulogy and kisses coffin (LATEST) On Monday, Prince Harry broke his silence about the couple's meeting with the Queen while speaking to the BBC, saying that it was 'great to see her' and adding that she "would have loved" to have attended the Invictus Games alongside him. Harry, who founded the event for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women in 2014, said the 96-year-old monarch "had plenty of messages for Team UK" when he met her at Windsor Castle last week. He added he had passed these onto the team, telling the broadcaster: “So, it was great to see her and I'm sure she would love to be here if she could.” There were reports Harry and Meghan had promised the Queen she would meet her great-grandchildren Archie and Lilibet “in the near future” during the “very cordial” secret meeting on Thursday.  According to The Mirror, senior royal sources described the meeting as “very cordial” and “incredibly warm and good-natured”. One royal biographer has claimed the meeting was a way for Prince Harry to "slowly starting to rebuild some bridges" with his father Prince Charles. Harry and Meghan reportedly also opened the door to a return from their $14.5 million mansion in California for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, and told her of their plans to visit again so she can spend time with their children. While the Queen had the opportunity to meet Archie - who was born while Meghan and Harry were still living in the UK and serving as senior working royals - she has not yet met her great-granddaughter Lilibet, who is named after her.