While Everton remain insistent they should have had a second-half penalty at Anfield, Jurgen Klopp claims Anthony Gordon was lucky not to receive a second yellow card for simulation after going down under the challenge of Joel Matip. The Toffees youngster has since taken to Twitter to vent his frustration over the decision, posting a clip of the incident online with a series of facepalm emojis.  Gordon was booked in the first half for trying to win a penalty when Naby Keita put his leg across the impressive winger, who tumbled to the ground. Yet Frank Lampard and his Everton players were adamant they were left hard done by after the break, as Gordon seemingly evaded the Liverpool centre-back in a footrace. Klopp, however, felt the officials got the call spot on. He told BBC Sport: "It [the second] was clearly no penalty. "He's really good but he's lucky not to get a second yellow. The first was not a penalty and the second wasn't." READ MORE: Liverpool player ratings: Three 8s as Reds put pressure on Man City with Everton derby win His opposite number Lampard, meanwhile, felt things may have been different had Mohamed Salah gone down under a similar challenge up the other end... "It is a penalty in the second half. I don’t think you get them here," he said. "I think probably if that is Mo Salah at the other end, you get a penalty. "And I'm not trying to create conflict there, I think it is just the reality of football sometimes... For me, for sure, that was a penalty the second one on Anthony. It was a foul, it was a clear foul. But you don't get them here." On commentary, Jamie Carragher warned Gordon that he may now be developing an unwanted reputation for himself, following his first-half dive. Carragher said to Martin Tyler: "Anthony Gordon has been a revelation since Frank Lampard came in. He just jumps over Naby Keita's outstretched leg." Before adding: "There's been a tendency of this from Anthony Gordon, in the few games we've seen him. 'He's frustrated, he can't believe it... but that's crept into his game. He's somebody we've got to keep an eye on now. "I don't think it was a penalty, the referee was in a great position." Despite the controversy, Gordon was one of the standout players on the field and his display will give Everton confidence after dropping into the relegation zone. Burnley's 1-0 victory at Wolves sent shockwaves across the blue half of Merseyside ahead of kick-off at Anfield but Lampard will still take positives from his side's resolute performance. Liverpool remain hot on Manchester City's tail and are just one point behind the Premier League leaders with five matches to play. The Reds now take a break from their pursuit of a second title as Villarreal visit Anfield in midweek for the Champions League semi-final first leg.