Ants serve a crucial role in the garden, helping plants to grow by enriching the soil in lawns, beds and borders. But while these tiny insects often go unnoticed outdoors, they can become a nuisance once they find their way into your home. Chemical sprays and pesticides are one way to get rid of ants in your property, but what can you do to stop them from coming in in the first place? Fragrant plants are one of the best natural repellents for household pests, and these are the seven best varieties to keep ants away. Spring is the prime season for working ants to gather in homes and gardens with flying ants arriving later in July and August. These small insects will scavenge for a wide range of foods, but they are known to have a particular liking for sugary substances. Evie Lane, gardening expert from Primrose said: “Some ant repellents are not safe to use around children and pets, which is why natural deterrents may be a better option if you have spotted a few ants inside the home. “Ant-deterring plants have a strong odour so the aromatic fragrance not only keeps ants away, but they smell great in your home too.” READ MORE: Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay The aromatic oils in this fragrant Italian herb are known to repel not only ants, but other bugs such as spiders, summer house flies and mosquitos too. The large green leaves can be ground down and mixed with witch hazel to make a natural bug-repellent spray which can be spritzed and wiped over any surface. Growing your own basil is easy to do, just position the pot in a sunny spot that gets at least four to five hours of direct sunlight each day. Allotment keepers have been planting marigolds next to vegetables for generations – and for good reason. Marigolds will repel nearly every small pest known, including spiders, ants, snails and bugs - so keep them around your home as a bright and attractive insect repellent. This traditional purple perennial is a garden staple, but can also be grown indoors if your home has access to plenty of natural light. Its pleasant smell means it is commonly used as an essential oil but lavender is also great at deterring bugs. If you’ve got lavender in your garden, take a cutting and tie a bunch together to hang in each room of your house. Not only will it smell beautifully fragrant, but unwanted insects will be nowhere in sight. DON'T MISS:Slugs: How to keep plants safe without killing slugs [INSIGHT]Get rid of ants in homes and gardens using ‘readily available’ items [REVEAL]How to get rid of ants using cupboard essentials - ‘effective’ [ANALYSIS]  Fresh mint leaves are one of the simplest ways to deter both ants and spiders, just pluck a few leaves and leave in water for the fragrance to absorb. Pour the mint-infused liquid into a spray bottle and target entry points such as windowsills and the corner of doorways around your home. For growing mint indoors, you need well-draining soil and a bright spot with access to at least four hours of indirect light per day. Rosemary is faintly scented for the human nose but releases an intense odour to ants. Grow this lightly fragranced herb indoors to protect the tender plant from frost damage. This classic bloom is a common contender in gardens across the UK, but it offers more than just an impressive display of colour. Chrysanthemums contain pyrethrum, an ingredient frequently used in natural insect repellents to stop ants, ticks, fleas, spider mites, cockroaches and even bed bugs in their tracks. The scent of eucalyptus is the driving factor that keeps insects out of your home. Add sprigs of eucalyptus around your bathroom, kitchen and living room for a subtle burst of green and an ant-free environment. The leaves of this refreshing plant can also be mixed with witch hazel and water to create a natural insecticide spray.