Derry Girls season three is just days away, and fans are excited to see what their favourite Catholic girls' secondary school students have been up to since season two ended in 2019. The show is set in Northern Ireland in the 1990s, before the Good Friday Peace Agreement of 1998. At the time, the writer of the show Lisa McGee lived a similar story to the characters in the show and has called out those who wanted to leave Europe back during the days of the Brexit vote. Derry Girls season three will be made up of six episodes with little known about what is in store for the group of friends. Tackling real-life events, Lisa has revealed the series has changed perceptions of Northern Ireland worldwide, and she thinks politicians can learn a thing or two from the Derry Girls. The show highlights the divide between the North and the Republic of Ireland, and the writer feels the divide between the UK and Brexit mirrors this. On the UK leaving Europe, she said: "With Brexit, they didn't know what they were voting for." Read More: 'Been through a lot together' Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders after 10 years "I just still cannot believe that people didn't find out. "The results of Brexit have been massive. But at the time, nobody seemed to even know what it was." Finding parallels between the show's events and the present-day she said: "The thing that's sort of amazed me is Brexit. "Because when you compare it to the Good Friday agreement…   "I remember how seriously that was taken by people; they were reading booklets, and not understanding them, and trying to work it out, and getting dictionaries out," she told Radio Times. She spoke about family members arguing over what would happen and about how politicians handled it. The writer was reminiscing that all of this took place while the family would sit around and eat "fish and chips". Fans of the show will know how important family dinner is and how comical it was when the Derry Girls were banned from the local fish and chip shop. DON’T MISS…All Creatures Great and Small's Mrs Hall star explains her reluctance for romance [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin heartbroken as Toyah Battersby adopts baby Alfie [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead’s Leah star promises fans zombie series will 'never really end’ [LATEST]   The Channel 4 series will conclude with the third season and fans have high hopes for the show's last outing. Season three's trailer show's the girls and James Maguire (played by Dylan Llewellyn) in the local video store. In the clip Erin Quinn (Saoirse-Monica Jackson), Orla McCool (Louisa Harland) Clare Devlin (Nicola Coughlan), Michelle Mallon (Jamie-Lee O'Donnell) and James exchange classic Derry Girls banter as they try to decide what to rent from the store. Channel 4 shared the clip and said: "The third and final series of #DerryGirls starts Tuesday 12th April. @nicolacoughlan, @Djllewellyn, @SaoirseJackson ,@louisa_harland ,@JamieLeeOD."  Diehard fan @liszstomania didn't want to wait any longer and commented: "JUST RELEASE IT RIGHT NOW I'm tired." (sic) @Rurz added: "Can’t wait! But with this being the final series and Neighbours ending too I don’t know what I’m gonna do! " The trailer even recruited a new fan, @smudger233 added: "I’ve never watched this but after seeing this trailer I am definitely watching from the beginning. "Looks great perfect binge-watching while I’m ill with covid." (sic) Derry Girls season 3 airs on Channel 4 on Tuesday, April 12. 