Selling Sunset is on Netflix with brand new episodes and the previous season introduced Vanessa Villela. The TV star has found her feet at The Oppenheim Group and she was excited to introduce her long-distance boyfriend to her colleagues. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether she and Nick are still together. In the eighth episode of season five, Vanessa's boyfriend visited the office for the first time. The rest of the agents were excited to meet him as Vanessa had spoken so highly of him. Chrishell said: "We have heard so much about you," as he warmly introduced himself. Vanessa described him to her colleagues as "the love of my life". Nick, who is from the UK, was sad that he kept having to travel backwards and forwards for work. READ MORE: Piers Morgan in fresh attack on ITV day before return The pair had met on a dating site and he told the ladies: "Honestly now I don't know when I'm going to be back, it could be two weeks, it could be two months. "We just don't know." He asked the ladies to "look after her" before presenting Vanessa with a promise ring. During the emotional moment, he said: "I know you are super concerned about how long I'm going to be gone. "And I know we have talked about being away from each other, it's just so difficult for me because I don't want to leave. "I just wanted to give you this. This represents my promise to you. I love you so much." In the final episode, Vanessa was seen walking with a suitcase to the airport. Fans will be pleased to hear the pair are now engaged. Nick, who is known by the name Tom Fraud, is a photographer who has also worked as a creative director at a prestigious photo agency in London. On Vanessa's Instagram, she shared a video of her partner proposing to her. DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ [VIDEO] Why has Maya Vander left The Oppenheim Group? [INSIGHT] Christine Quinn storms out of brokers meeting after Selling Sunset row [VIDEO] She said: "Two souls one heart! I SAID YESSSSSS. "One year ago I met the man of my dreams the one makes my heart skip every time, the man that makes me better in every single way, the man that I respect, adore, admire, and love with all my heart. "You came into my life when I least expected it and you came to make my dreams come true. "Our love story is like a movie and you are my prince!! "I always dreamed that I will find someone that will love the way I do and I could give my heart fully, thank youuu for coming into my life mi amore! "I can’t believe I manifested you, the man that is what I always dreamt and more, I can’t believe that I am living this life, sometimes I feel like I’m dreaming and I have to pinch myself to know that is a dream but in real life. "You paint the stars in my heart and even when I think it can’t be possible to be better there you go painting more stars in it." [Sic] She thanked her husband-to-be for making her the "happiest girl in the galaxy". If the series is renewed for another season, the Selling Sunset stars could be attending a wedding.  Selling Sunset season 5 is on Netflix now.