Dr Hilary Jones told Kate Garraway and Richard Madeley he believes calorie counting can be useful to people who want to lose weight. Ateh Jewel, who also appeared alongside the GP on Good Morning Britain, disagreed with Dr Hilary as she stated placing calories alongside meals at restaurants is like "putting a plaster on an exploding dam". However, Dr Hilary sparked a backlash with viewers after he discussed if people with eating disorders or anorexia didn't want to go to restaurants. "The fact is that two thirds...66 percent of the Britain population are either overweight or obese," the TV doctor began. "Only two percent have an eating disorder which is what Ateh is really talking about and I think we have to separate the two things. "If we assume that the people with the most severe eating disorder, anorexia nervosa don't go to restaurants, the others want to be conscious of their weight, they want to know what calories are in the food they're eating." READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... He continued: "If we know that the meal we've chosen in a restaurant is 2,000 calories, we know that since the average male should only be consuming 2,500 calories a day and a woman 2,000, they at least have the information that they don't need breakfast and dinner as well. "So, I think calorie counting can be useful, it's certainly not the be all and end all, the only thing we should be doing. "I think there is far more we should be doing, but it is helpful." Ateh disagreed with Dr Hilary's comments as she opened up about her own "toxic relationship with food".  "I was four stone heavier, it started at university, I was very desperate, I was paying my own way working four jobs and I was angry, frustrated and scared with no money," Ateh explained. "I remember walking into a supermarket with £2.50 which had to last me for two days and it was cheaper to buy a packet of custard creams than to buy sensible food. "I think the real issue is, no one has a food problem, they have a feeling problem and that is what we have to tackle. To tackle low self-esteem, healthy eating. "The weight came off for me when I started connecting to things that made me happy and joyful." DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star Ralf Little on ‘vindication’ of Neville [INSIGHT]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [NEWS]Channel 4 air Grease despite calls to never be shown again [REACTION] Dr Hilary's comments left some viewers outraged and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Kayleigh Jones fumed: "@DrHilaryJones A lot of people with anorexia want to do 'normal' things like go to restaurants. Please don't presume they don't. @GMB #gmb." (sic) Zoe Ellen replied: "Honestly thought I’d misheard him for a minute! So disrespectful." Kayleigh went on to add: "Same here! What an appalling and ignorant view from a 'doctor'." (sic) While Debbington tweeted: "And what about people with eating disorders? Anorexia, bulimia? I think it will affect them more. If people are obese and want to lose weight they will be aware. If they’re obese and aren’t bothered it doesn’t make any difference." (sic) Lesley Middleton replied: "Completely agree. It was the comment ‘Assuming those 2% with the most severe eating disorders don’t go to restaurants’ - what about those in recovery who DO eat out. "It is VERY triggering for them. It will poorly target those who are obese and very effectively target EF sufferers." "What about the opposite side of the spectrum. As Mum to a teenager with anorexia I would hate to find nutritional information on a menu," user @LizWalker72 commented. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.