Laura Heath has today been jailed for 20 years after being convicted of the gross negligence manslaughter of tragic Hakeem Hussain. The court heard Heath, who had a £55-a-day drug habit, had modified one of her son's inhalers with foil and an elastic band so she could use it to smoke crack cocaine. And he later died of an asthma attack at the family home in Nechells, Birmingham. A court heard Heath, 40, had "prioritised her addiction to heroin and crack cocaine" over the needs of her child, who had suffered a "prolonged period of serious neglect". He was exposed to harm for around seven months, during which time he was exposed to heroin and crack cocaine at home. Heath admitted four child cruelty offences, including two counts of 'wilfully neglecting her son by failing to provide proper medical supervision in a manner likely to cause him unnecessary suffering or injury to health', and two offences of 'wilfully ill-treating Hakeem by exposing him to heroin and crack cocaine'. She was found guilty of gross negligence manslaughter at Coventry Crown Court and caged there today, Birmingham Live says.   Paying tribute to Hakeem, Justice Dove said: "It's clear in his short life he had been an inspiration of happiness and affection for the people who knew him and were fortunate to spend time with him. "The truth is in short that Hakeem died as a result of your deplorable negligence in caring for him as his mum. He died as a result of your catastrophic and deplorable parenting." Heath, who funded her drug habit through sex work, committed her offences between April 2017 and November that year, in which the boy was found dead in the garden of the family home in Nechells, Birmingham. Staff at Hakeem's school and social services became worried about the child but Heath lied to them, the jury heard. School nurse Melanie Richards had warned a child protection conference Hakeem could "die at the weekend" just two days before his death. Health, education and social workers at the conference voted to protect Hakeem. However, the meeting ended with an agreement that the family's social worker would speak to Heath about the outcome on the Monday - by which time Hakeem had died.  The conviction has come weeks after Arthur Labinjo-Hughes' dad was convicted of manslaughter and child cruelty, and his partner Emma Tustin was found guilty of his murder. The tragedy happened in Solihull, West Midlands, less than miles from Hakeem's death. Speaking today, Hakeem’s headteacher, David Crumps, said: "The news of Hakeem’s death shocked our community five years ago - he was a friendly, polite little boy who will forever be remembered for his gentle nature. "His friends will remember him with love and great fondness and he is greatly missed."