Sneezing is not uncommon. From an unexplained tickle in your nose to your body fighting pollen, the sign can show up at any time. While Covid is better known for its other symptoms, such as fever and cough, it can also present with sneezing. Here’s how to tell pollen-induced sneezing apart from a Covid infection. Although sneezing is not considered to be one of the main symptoms of coronavirus, the ZOE Covid Study app concludes that it can crop up while suffering from the virus. What’s more, their data suggest that sneezing mainly targets those who’ve been vaccinated. While the jab is set to protect against a serious disease from Covid and cut your risk of catching and spreading it, you can still get the virus. Research suggests that vaccinated people tend to have the same symptoms as those without the jab, with the benefit of experiencing “milder and shorter” illness, ZOE shares. READ MORE: Cancer: The four cooking oils shown to ‘release' toxic chemicals linked to the disease  The health body says: “Interestingly, our data shows that people who had been vaccinated and then tested positive for COVID-19 were more likely to report sneezing as a symptom compared with those without a jab. “This suggests that sneezing a lot with no explanation after you’ve been vaccinated could be a sign of COVID-19.” However, the research project also warns that sneezing is not “normally” a sign of Covid. It’s “much more likely” to be triggered by a regular cold or hay fever. James O’Loan, CEO and Pharmacist at Chemist4U said: “With Covid infections and the pollen count both on the rise, asking yourself if you have hay fever or COVID-19 certainly isn’t a silly question. “Allergic rhinitis (hay fever) and COVID-19 both affect the respiratory system, with some similar symptoms, such as a loss of smell or a new cough.” Fortunately, there are certain telltale signs that can help you spot the difference between coronavirus and hay fever. Apart from Covid sneezing mainly occurring in vaccinated patients, other underlying symptoms could help give it away. Mr O’Loan said: “For example, hay fever coughs are typically caused by postnasal drip, which occurs when allergens irritate the lining of your nose. “Whereas, a cough caused by COVID-19 is more likely to be accompanied by a high temperature – a symptom that is not associated with hay fever.” According to the NHS, other main Covid symptoms include: While the main hay fever signs are considered to be: The pharmacist added: “Hay fever is extremely common as we enter summer and so the public shouldn’t worry too much when they’re feeling a little sneezy. “That said, don’t ignore the signs of COVID-19 and make sure to get a test if you need to. “It’s more crucial than ever to be aware of your symptoms and know what they might mean, not only to find the right treatment to relieve your symptoms but to also help stop the spread.”