The fourth season of Yellowstone had everything Paramount Network viewers could’ve wished for - from a Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) and Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) wedding to a newfound romance between John Dutton (Kevin Costner) and Summer Higgins (Piper Perabo), and, of course, a number of shocking deaths and exits along the way. However, one of the most notable talking points from the series was the arrival of the young Carter (Finn Little) into Rip and Beth’s lives. After meeting in the hospital as Beth recovered from the injuries inflicted by season three’s finale explosion while Carter watched his father play out his final days, the pair’s quickly developed a rather dysfunctional relationship. With Beth’s maternal instincts kicking in and Carter at a loose end after watching the last of his family die, the Dutton took him under her wing after he cheekily manipulated law enforcement to drop him on her doorstep. However, it’s safe to say Rip wasn’t as onboard with having Carter worm his way into his then-fiancée’s life as she was, acting coldly and harshly to the outsider for giving Beth the “puppy dog” eyes. However, by the time the second episode of season four drew to a close, the first signs Rip was starting to warm to the idea of having Carter on the ranch began to show. READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Jen Landon left in tears as she opens up on Teeter’s ranch exit [VIDEO] When he asked Beth who’s kid Carter was, Beth told her other half: “I think he may be ours, baby.” What followed for the rest of the season was Carter being shown the ropes on the ranch to prove his worth as well as developing bonds with the likes of Lloyd (Forrie J Smith) and the rest of the bunkhouse. He also soon impressed Yellowstone Ranch owner John with his work ethic and despite a brief spat following a disastrous shopping trip with Beth, Carter cemented himself as part of the family. And as such, he was often present at the family’s famous dinner table throughout season four - although one instance of this has appeared to irk some viewers. In the aforementioned second episode of season four, Rip and Carter sit down for one of their first meals together, with the hardened rancher still not convinced Carter will be hanging around. Beth hands the pair their meals as an awkward silence descends on the moment. However, on forum site moviemistakes, one fan pointed out this scene consisted of an eye-catching blunder. They penned: “Continuity mistake: Toward the end of the episode Rip and young Carter come home for dinner. DON'T MISS:Kevin Costner speaks out on ‘dysfunctional’ Yellowstone familyYellowstone's Monica Dutton star admits happy Kayce ending 'unlikely'Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? “The boy sits down at the end of the table and Beth hands him his food. “In the next shot and from then on a large glass of orange juice magically appears before him.” The moment happened towards the end of the instalment and a rewatch seems to support the eagle-eyed fan claims. Season four won’t be the last fans see of Carter either as actor Little’s status on the show was confirmed in the season five renewal. Back in February, Paramount announced John and co would be returning for a fifth season and there were one or two moves among the cast. Jimmy star Jefferson White and his on-screen fiancée, Emily’s Kathryn Kelly will both be back but this time as series regulars. And the same goes for Little and Teeter star Jen Landon who’ve also been bumped up for more airtime. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock in the USA. Seasons 1-3 air on PlutoTV in the UK.