Scottish TV broadcaster Lorraine Kelly was chatting to fellow presenter Andi Peters last week on the subject of representation on-screen. Lorraine then revealed her concerns that she had failed to call out cultural stereotypes perpetuated by Death In Paradise star Kris Marshall, during an interview on her ITV show in 2020. Regretful Lorraine was referring to an interview she'd conducted with 47-year-old Kris. The actor had been living in Guadeloupe for filming sessions for the murder mystery series, which now stars Ralf Little - and he attracted an enormous backlash when he made derogatory comments on the Lorraine show about his son "becoming a bit too Caribbean". "I'm sure he didn't mean it, but he said something about the education system [in the Caribbean] not being fantastic and he wanted to bring his child to the UK," Lorraine recalled during her chat with Andi Peters on the What if? podcast with Lorraine & Rosie. "I should have said: 'Hang on a minute, there's some really good schools there, you don't have to do that' - but I let it go." READ NOW: Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress She added: "It was one of those ones where I should've said something but I didn't. That digs away at me." Yet, an understanding Andi replied: "We're all guilty of that. When someone senior to me or in a position of power says something to me and I think: 'Oh no that's mildly racist', but if I call them out, they might then not wanna talk to me. "But you have to go: 'No, I stand by my convictions'. "If you said something racist, I need to tell you: 'You said something racist.'" It comes after Kris, who played DI Humphrey Goodman between 2013 and 2017, referenced "four great years" on the show, but then appeared to sneer at cultural stereotypes he felt his child had adopted while living there, adding controversially: "I realised I really had to get my son to school." He told Lorraine that he "refused to wear shoes", "would only drink coconut water and eat pineapple" and "was very good on the beach but not so good with maths and English". After implying that the quality of the schooling on the Caribbean island would be insufficient, he dismissed that "the show had to go". He has since addressed claims about his "racial stereotyping", making a statement in which he said he was "deeply sorry". "In my naive use of words, I propagated negative cultural stereotypes, which was offensive and insensitive. I now understand the damage this type of ignorant language, when used by a privileged white man like myself, can have," he stated. Lorraine went on to question, during the podcast episode, whether people's ignorant comments might relate to their age, and supported Andi's idea about having to call out comments from time to time. DON'T MISS... Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap [DEBATE] Joan Collins has not had surgery as star rejects Jane Seymour's remark [UPDATE] Naga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress [LATEST]  "I think some people genuinely don't mean to be offensive and you've got to tell them," she exclaimed, adding that Andi was "quietly and effectively making things better". The presenter had been the special guest on Lorraine and her daughter Rosie's podcast What If?, during which the pair speak to celebrities on each episode about their lives and careers. Other interviewees this month have included acid attack survivor Katie Piper, former chart-topping singer Sophie Ellis Bextor, and "king of the expedition" Sir Ranulph Fiennes. Meanwhile, 51-year-old Andi also praised the staff who first employed him decades earlier as "visionaries" for breaking the mold and inviting a black presenter to join them in the world of TV. Andi previously said he's often looked around the TV station where he was filming, only to find he was the only "non-Caucasian" face out of around 20 people. Andi has enjoyed a successful career himself, appearing on shows including GMTV, Good Morning Britain and Lorraine. Lorraine has previously been vociferous in her support of representation on TV and has publicly condemned racist slurs made towards footballers. She addressed the issue on her self-titled daytime show last year too, while talking about the abuse suffered by England team footballers, including Marcus Rashford. "There's been occasions where I should've stepped up and I didn't - I guess out of embarrassment more than anything else and not knowing what to do," she explained.