Benefits and Work aims to help Britons navigate and better understand certain benefits, including PIP. They have created a one-of-a-kind benefits calculator focused on the disability benefit to go alongside their free PIP test.   Benefits and Work stated on their website they were determined to create this tool as new PIP claims are currently averaging five months to reach completion. They stated: “It allows you to work out how much you might be owed if you get an award for the first time or if your award is increased because of a review. “It can calculate up to April 2023 It also goes back to April 2017, just in case you are looking at a backdated award because of a change in the law. “We hope you find it useful.” READ MORE: WASPI women receive update in state pension age fight as 'further evidence' to be reviewed     The calculator requires Britons to select which rates of payment they expect to get for each component of PIP as well as dates for any backpayment periods. However, Benefits and Work highlighted the calculator is not accurate to the nearest penny and therefore should not be used to challenge DWP calculations or decisions. This is because, to simplify the math, the calculator converts the weekly rates into daily amounts and rounds up or down as necessary. The latest statistics from the DWP revealed that a new claim for PIP, or a transfer from DLA, can take up to 22 weeks to process.  Additionally, Scope, a disability equality charity, found that roughly seven out of every 10 applications are rejected. Alongside this, Britons were already reluctant to apply due to the application process which can involve an assessment of one’s difficulties. However, with a total of 2.7million successful claimants, Britons are urged not to be scared of the application process, and claim what they are rightfully entitled to. PIP eligibility looks specifically at a claimants’ disability or illness and its impact on their life, regardless of their income, savings or circumstances.  The benefit aims to provide for the additional costs that come with having a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability. There are two aspects of PIP offering varying rates which will depend on the level of difficulty a claimant has with the different tasks. The daily living part provides for those that need assistance with daily household and personal tasks such as eating, making money decisions or socialising. At the lower weekly rate, the daily living aspect pays £60 with the higher rate paying £89.60.  The mobility part of PIP provides for those that need assistance navigating outside or within their home or leaving their home. Claimants do not need a physical disability to claim the mobility component. The lower rate for the mobility aspect pays £23.70 per week with the higher weekly rate giving £62.55. All of these rates will be increasing by 3.1 percent in April.