With travel restrictions easing worldwide, some are unsure of what the rules and regulations are for wearing masks on board a flight. Major airlines easyJet, Ryanair, TUI, British Airways, KLM, Air France, Emirates revealed what their stances are. For flights to, from and within Italy, Germany and Austria, passengers aged six and above is required to wear a FFP2 face mask. Regarding flights to, from and within France, passengers aged six and above must wear either a FFP2 mask or a surgical face mask. Passengers flying between England, Northern Ireland, Jersey, Isle of Man, Croatia, Denmark, Finland, Scotland, Slovenia, Sweden, Gibraltar, Hungary, Switzerland, Poland and Iceland, are not required to wear a mask. On all other routes not previously mentioned, passengers aged six and above are required to wear a face mask (no scarves, face visors or masks with valves) or risk refusal to board the plane. It is no longer a legal requirement to wear a face mask at Jet2 airports or Jet2 planes, however it is recommended for passengers' safety. This may not be the same for destination airports, where passengers may have to wear a mask in the airport and transfers to accommodation, or risk a fine. READ MORE: Spain urged to allow UK holidaymakers fast-tracked entry Face masks or coverings are mandatory in the airport and on board flights. Some countries require this to be a surgical face mask. Those travelling to, from or within Italy, Austria or Germany, it must be a FFP2 face mask. Face masks are not a legal requirement on TUI Airways flights departing to or arriving in England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales, but is strongly recommended for passengers' safety. Travel to Italy is a different story, with passengers aged six and above needing an FFP2 face mask throughout their flight. Passengers are not legally required to wear a face mask in England and Wales. However, British Airways is an international airline and passengers must comply with local restrictions when they arrive at their destination. Several holiday hotspots like France, Germany, Portugal and Spain still require masks. The airline told flyers: "You will need to wear a mask on board if you are travelling to or from the following destinations: Algeria Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Australia Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Austria Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Bahamas Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Barbados Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Bermuda Mask on board: No Mask in terminal: Yes Brazil Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Bulgaria Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Canada Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Cayman Islands Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Costa Rica Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Cyprus Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Czech Republic Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Dominican Republic Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Egypt Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes France Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Germany Mask on board: No Mark in terminal: Yes Greece Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Grenada Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Hong Kong, China Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes India Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Israel Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Italy Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Jamaica Mask on board: No Mask in terminal: No Japan Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Jordan Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Kuwait Mask on board: No Mask in terminal: Yes Malta Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Mauritius Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Mexico Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Morocco Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Nigeria Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Portugal Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Qatar Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Saudi Arabia Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Scotland Mask on board: No Mask in terminal: No Seychelles Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Singapore Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes South Africa Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Spain Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes St Kitts Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes St Lucia Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes The Netherlands Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Trinidad and Tobago Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Turkey Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes Turks and Caicos Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes UAE Mask on board: Yes Mask in terminal: Yes United States Mask on board: No Mask in terminal: No (except JFK) Passengers are required to wear a face mask, regardless of vaccination status, and will not be granted board without one. Said face may be surgical or non-surgical, as long as they adequately cover the nose or mouth, however scarves, bandanas, or cowls are not permitted. Surgical masks are mandatory on board Air France planes. Depending on local Covid rules, masks may also be required at the airport. Passengers aged six and above must wear a cloth or medical mask in Dubai International airport, throughout their flight, and as they leave the aircraft. Medical face masks as opposed to cloths are accepted on flights from Dubai to Germany, France, and Austria. The airline urged passengers to contact Emirates 48 hours before their flight if they cannot wear a mask for the duration of their journey to request an exception. They will have to present their medical certificate at check‑in. Passengers do not have to complete their MEDIF form. Passengers are strongly recommended to wear face coverings, in accordance with the Scottish government's guidance, however it is not mandatory.