Everton are to blame for Dele Alli’s struggles since his January move and the star would be 'a hell of a player' for Liverpool or Manchester City, Neil Warnock has sensationally claimed. Alli completed a move from Tottenham in January in the hope of kickstarting his career with the Toffees.    Alli had fallen out of favour under successive managers at Spurs, for whom he was a key player and a fans’ favourite during the peak of his powers. The 26-year-old scored 67 goals in 269 appearances for the north Londoners. A transfer to Everton was initially viewed as a fresh start, but Alli’s debut against Newcastle on February 8 is the only time he has started for the club. A further five appearances have followed, totalling a combined 104 minutes on the pitch, and he has not appeared in any of the club’s last four top-flight games. Former Sheffield United, Crystal Palace and Cardiff City manager Warnock believes Everton are ‘not good enough’ for Alli and claims the 37-times England international would suit Premier League leaders Man City and Liverpool. Warnock, who announced the end of his 42-year managerial career on Saturday, told Sky Sports: “When I look at Dele, I feel sorry for him. Everton aren’t a team good enough or strong enough to give him the ball in the right areas. JUST IN: Ronaldo warned about Ten Hag at Man Utd as Ronaldinho comparison made “You play him off [Dominic] Calvert-Lewin. Play him off the striker and give him the ball in them areas. But they don’t do that. They are under the cosh all the time. They pass it in silly areas and don’t play them balls into feet and get runners, which he is good at. “I think if you put him into Liverpool or Man City’s team, then you would get a hell of a player out of him.” Warnock tried to sign Alli from MK Dons when he was manager of Palace in the summer of 2014. The former prodigy remained with the League One side and joined Spurs the following January before being loaned back for the remainder of the 2014-15 season. The 73-year-old’s comments come just weeks after former England striker Darren Bent told Alli he should attempt to rekindle his career by dropping into the Championship. There was a genuine chance of Lampard’s side being relegated just last week but Saturday’s 1-0 win over Manchester United has given them an advantage over bottom three clubs Burnley, Watford and Norwich. DON'T MISS...Man Utd 'rule out' Ralf Rangnick midfield transfer recommendationArsenal have Youri Tielemans 'in sights' but Man Utd also eye moveKeys names three managers Man Utd should target over Ten Hag “I thought going to Everton with fresh surroundings would kind of kick him back into life. Completely different circumstances and different manager,” Bent told talkSPORT. “It just hasn’t happened. What might need to happen and there’s no guarantees - and it’s a knock on his pride but at the end of the day, he’s not playing well - is maybe he needs to go down a division to the Championship and completely rip it up. “If Everton were to go down, then he could absolutely rip it up as you’d expect him to be the best player in that division, get a bit of confidence and then maybe come back up. At the moment he can’t see to get himself going. If they go down, what Premier League club would buy him.”   