Property development expert and interior designer Rudolph Diesel has shared his advice on adding value to property. The interior expert, who is the principle interior designer for several property development firms in London, shared which rooms add particular value to a home. Mr Diesel exclusively told Express.co.uk that kitchens, loft conversions, an orangery and even adding a lower ground floor can add value to a home. Interestingly, the interior expert said bathrooms can add value “but it’s more about the style and design” of the space. He explained: “Adding another bathroom that is a pokey, tiny little room in for the sake of it doesn’t necessarily mean you’re going to get more money for the property. “It just means you’ve got a tiny room that happens to be a bathroom.” The interior design expert said when people view homes, they are likely to have a mental checklist when it comes to bathrooms in a home. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants  He said: “If you already have a WC on the ground floor; check. “If you have the family bathroom on the first floor; check; and an ensuite in the loft conversion; check.” Adding a bathroom to a floor that doesn’t have one, may be worth the money you spend on it. However, squashing a bathroom into a small space where it isn’t necessary, may not add value to a property.  DON'T MISSHow to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]How to clean your washing machine with easy ingredients [UPDATE]Lawn care tips: Steps to get your lawn ‘immaculate’ for summer [ANALYSIS] “Nice bathrooms help sell,” the interior expert added. Bathrooms have the potential to add between four and five percent to a home’s value. However, the price can go up or down depending on how the bathroom is executed, the design and the build. On average, a new bathroom can cost between £2,500 - £6,000, according to all-in-one home improvement platform, Resi. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This will cost more if the bathroom is part of a loft conversion or an extension. When it comes to planning a new bathroom, homeowners also need to take several aspects into consideration. Fittings, lighting, fixtures, paint, tiles, flooring, ventilation and plumbing all need to be factored into the cost. Homeowners should also think about the practical aspects of a bathroom when selling.  A home with a bath and a shower is likely to be more appealing, especially to a family. DIY SOS star and presenter of Dream Kitchens and Bathrooms on Channel 5, Mark Millar, recently told Express.co.uk that the layout is one of the most important aspects of a bathroom “to get right”. He said homeowners need to ensure they have enough room to function and move around a bathroom when they’re planning it. Rudolph Diesel is the Managing director of Rudolph Diesel London, a property marketing and design house based in west London.