The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge faced criticism from some over their eight-day tour of Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas last month with accusations it harked back to colonial days. William and Kate are said to have been left reeling by negative headlines and held a “clear-the-air meeting” with their staff shortly afterwards. A source told the Mirror: “The Duke was clearly frustrated at the lack of answers and the absence of any workable solutions being put forward. “The feeling was there were so many pitfalls that could have been avoided. "He knows full well that it is his reputation on the line. “In dealing with sensitive issues, such as the ones they met on the tour, if they aren’t in tune with what is going on in the world they will be left fighting for their futures.” According to the newspaper, the future King has told aides he is more determined than ever to update the institution of the monarchy and is looking to bring new talent into his team. Another palace insider added: “William was totally deflated after the tour, but now is the time for change. “If William wants to be seen as a moderniser, he needs to get his own house in order.” It comes after reports the Duke wants to end the longstanding royal tradition of "never complain, never explain" following the backlash over his and Kate's tour. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'already making plans’ to come for Queen's Jubilee William issued a statement as his and Kate's trip to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas came to a close in March. The Cambridges were accused of being "tone deaf" after pictures emerged of them shaking hands with crowds behind a wire mesh fence in Kingston, while images of the pair riding in the back of a Land Rover during a military parade in Jamaica were also denounced. They also faced calls for slavery reparations in Jamaica, with the Duke expressing his "profound sorrow" for the slave trade but stopping short of a full apology.  DON'T MISSSpotify could want 'greater control' over Meghan's podcast [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry's Santa Barbara home shows 'shift from royalty' [ANALYSIS]Kate and William will 'save monarchy' when Charles becomes king [VIDEO] In his statement, William admitted the monarchy's days in Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas may be numbered as he stated the future "is for the people to decide upon". He said who the Commonwealth chooses to be its leader "isn't what is on my mind", but what concerned him was its potential to "create a better future for the people who form it". William added that he and Kate were "committed to service" and saw their role as supporting people "not telling them what to do". Media coverage of the tour had been split, with some emphasising the positive impact of their presence in the Caribbean, while others described the fence photograph as a "PR disaster". Pauline Maclaran, professor of marketing and consumer research at Royal Holloway, previously said: "I believe it had some great moments in their tour, and the trouble is it was slightly overshadowed then by some of the negative moments." 