Manchester United legend Gary Neville wants to see Liverpool and Manchester City go head-to-head in the Champions League final in May. Neville believes both clubs deserve to reach the showpiece final in Paris on May 28. Liverpool held City to a 2-2 draw at the Etihad on Sunday after the hosts led twice in a thrilling Premier League encounter. Pep Guardiola's side sit top of the table, a point clear of the Reds in second. The two face each other again this Saturday in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Neville hailed the two teams following Sunday's match. And despite his United allegiance, he would like to see a Champions League final between the two sides. Speaking on the Gary Neville podcast, he said: "I admire what they are doing, it is absolutely brilliant, and the performance levels are high. READ MORE: Man Utd forward Mason Greenwood confronted by supporter as police investigation continues  "You want to see this season go right to the death, you want to see both teams in the Champions League final, because when you think about the two best teams in Europe at this moment in time, it's these two competing in the Premier League, the FA Cup, and hopefully in the Champions League, they deserve it. They really are out of this world, but in different ways. "Guardiola in a transformational way for what he has achieved, his type of football, and the influence he has had on the game. And Jurgen Klopp for his spirit and passion, pure football streetfighter." Liverpool hold a 3-1 lead over Benfica heading into the second leg of their semi-final at Anfield on Wednesday. City will take a 1-0 advantage to the Wanda Metropolitano on the same evening after beating Atletico Madrid last week. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag ‘close to deciding on Man Utd job’ with three assurances key [GOSSIP]Gary Neville and Roy Keane agreed as duo pick title winner between Liverpool and Man City [QUOTES]Liverpool player ratings vs Man City: Two 5s as Reds unable to claim control of title race [REACTION]  The Reds will play either Villarreal or Bayern Munich in the semi-final if they make it through. Chelsea or Real Madrid await the victors of City's clash with Atletico. Meanwhile, Neville believes the title would have been over if City had won at the weekend. However, he still expects the reigning champions to successfully defend their crown. Neville added: "City could have won the title today had they won the game; I don't think Liverpool could have because they have harder remaining games. But things move on, it wouldn't surprise me if both teams won every game until the end of the season and Liverpool are sat thinking 'I wish we played better in the first half?' But we don't know, there is still a long way to go.  "It was frenetic. Punch for punch. Some of the football we watched was exceptional, they put pressure on each other. Their defences pushed up so high. "They stay true to their manager's principles, and they don't wilt. Liverpool have got real guts, they are streetfighters."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here