Although he has struggled to steady the ship at Manchester United as manager, Ralf Rangnick will be hoping to have more of an impact at Old Trafford in a consultancy role from next season. According to Sportsmail, Rangnick is only expected to work six days a month when he moves into a consultancy role at the club at the end of the season. Many expect the German to influence proceedings and help with the major rebuild required at the Theatre of Dreams from the position. Rangnick will therefore work just 144 days over the course of two years in the post. They also report that the former RB Leipzig boss has not been consulted by the higher powers at the club over who should succeed him in the summer. Paris Saint-Germain boss Mauricio Pochettino and Ajax’s Erik ten Hag are widely regarded as the two frontrunners for the post and have held talks at the club, but Rangnick is yet to be asked which of the pair he believes is best suited to the job. Sevilla’s Julen Lopetegui and Spain's international boss Luis Enrique make up the quartet of candidates as it stands. READ MORE: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic  Rangnick is known for giving clubs a long-term vision and will be hoping that he can be of some assistance as the club looks to regain its status as one of the title contenders. He has been vocal about how the club need to reassess its scouting and transfer policies, and, having been manager, he will know where money should be spent. Reports have circulated that Rangnick was vocal in the January transfer window about the club needing to sign a holding midfielder and one will expect that he will be having conversations with the new Red Devils boss about who could be the right man to hold down the fort in the centre of the park. West Ham’s Declan Rice and Leipzig’s Amadou Haidara have been linked with being the holding midfielder that the club needs but other targets are likely to emerge over the coming months. DON'T MISSErik Ten Hag's first Man Utd target suggests Gary Neville's criticism was correct [COMMENT]Simon Jordan tells Man Utd chiefs to ignore Gary Neville over next manager appointment [QUOTES]Man City performed 'chess move' by tricking Man Utd into signing Cristiano Ronaldo [OPINION] With Edinson Cavani out of contract at the end of the season, Marcus Rashford considering leaving the club and Mason Greenwood unavailable, a striker will also be on United’s shopping list. Cristiano Ronaldo, 37, could be the only forward option for the club come the summer and investment in the final third is well needed, with Tottenham’s Harry Kane being targetted. The Athletic report that the club are keen to sign two midfielders, a forward and a right-winger in the summer to kickstart their revival, though a new manager will certainly have their own ideas on what the team requires too. Rangnick will be hoping that he will be called upon during his limited workdays to help with those signings, though it remains to be seen how the situation pans out.