Aaron Ramsdale has etched himself even further into the hearts of the Arsenal support after he replicated Martin Keown's infamous celebration, with Manchester United star Bruno Fernandes missing a penalty in a crunch clash at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon.   Mikel Arteta's men went into the interval 2-1 up after a strong start, with goals from Nuno Tavares and Bukayo Saka giving the Gunners renewed confidence in their bid for a top-four spot. Cristiano Ronaldo's strike gave United a lifeline, and that could have been capitalised on after Tavares handled in the box from a United corner. Fernandes took the ball and gave himself the responsibility to equalise from 12 yards, given that he has an admittedly strong penalty record since his move in January 2020. But his dragged penalty after a stutter in the run-up saw him hit the post, with the ball going wide as a result. And Aaron Ramsdale did not hide his delight by celebrating in the Portugal star's face - reminiscent of the infamous celebration that Martin Keown did to Ruud van Nistelrooy 19 years prior at Old Trafford. Keown celebrated in the Dutchman's face in a crunch clash at Old Trafford back in 2003 after the United icon smashed a penalty against the crossbar. The image is one of the most iconic moments in Premier League history, when both clubs were in their pomp at the top of the table and challenging for accolades. United and Arsenal have admittedly fallen off since, but there still remains a bitterness between players and fans around what is a historic fixture. And BT Sport co-commentator Steve McManaman noticed the similarities when Ramsdale leapt up to celebrate in front of a crestfallen Fernandes. "Look at Ramsdale, celebrating in front of Fernandes," McManaman said. "That reminds me of a certain man in the studio against Ruud van Nistelrooy all those years ago." Arsenal's 3-1 win over the Red Devils has given them a huge boost in the fight for fourth place, and puts serious pressure on Tottenham ahead of their trip to Brentford on Saturday evening. For United, the loss spells more trouble - with the Red Devils being six points behind the Gunners with just four games left in their season.