The UK was hit with another fuel shortage earlier this month with drivers queueing in search of petrol. The disruption seemed to be caused by climate protesters blocking major fuel depots. That in turn was exacerbating existing supply issues due to increased demand post-Covid lockdowns and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Several cities and towns across the UK, including London and Birmingham, saw a wave of petrol station closures this month affecting thousands of drivers. And now, an expert has urged the climate protesters to “stop disrupting the daily lives” of motorists across the UK. Steve Endacott, Chairman at Electric Car Organisation (ECO), exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Climate activists should stop disrupting daily lives by blockading fuel deliveries for petrol cars and explain in simple terms how UK homes can cut their carbon footprints.” READ MORE: Drivers could face huge fines for revving engines in car park The expert added that by far the easiest action to take is switching to an Electric Vehicle (EV) which alone can reduce personal carbon footprint by 29 percent. Mr Endacott explained: “In the future these EVs will also be used as storage batteries that are charged overnight at cheap 5p per KWH electricity rates, driven to work but then plugged back into the home at 6pm with 75 percent on average still left in their batteries. “The power from EV batteries is then used to power the electricity in the home between the peak usage hours of 6-10pm allowing the National Electric Grid to be balanced and then the process simply repeats. “This cheap electricity will allow homeowners to switch off their polluting but cheap 5p per KWH Gas heaters, which they cannot currently do as peak electricity from the national grid is four times more expensive at 22p per KWH.” DON'T MISS Red diesel ban will create 'perfect storm' of costs as drivers warned [WARNING] Huge road changes could be made to protect people from 'silent' EVs [REVEAL] Electric car driver fined £100 after charging for just five minutes [SHOCKING] “This is the climate action that the country needs, not pointless and disrupting blockades”. Sarah Tooze, Consumer Editor at CarSite, added to Mr Endacott’s concerns by saying that the disruption to people’s daily lives has been “significant. She told Express.co.uk: “The Just Stop Oil protests blocked three oil terminals in Warwickshire, Hertfordshire and Essex, disrupting supplies to around one in 10 filling stations across the UK. “The aim of these protests has been to force the Government to cease new fossil fuel developments. “Whether these protests are enough to make a meaningful difference in the long term is debatable, but it is clear that these groups have had an impact on the supply and demand of fuel in the short term.” Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion said they want to disrupt fuel supplies to London and the South East of England. Both groups added that they will continue to do so until the Government agrees to stop all new fossil fuel investments immediately. Oil pipeline distributors ExxonMobil UK said the protest, which started on 1 April, shut down three of its terminals as a result. Cambridgeshire, Oxfordshire, and parts of the Capital have been particularly impacted across the month, with many filling stations closed or suffering from long queues as people try to fill up. Neil Crosby, a senior oil analyst at OilX, told the BBC: “Stocks of lots of fuels are relatively low, but diesel in particular, in Europe, in the US and in Asia as well.” He added: “The demand for diesel has been very strong up until the crisis, and that also contributed to that. There’s just an imbalance between supply and demand.” The war in Ukraine has exacerbated this, due to sanctions placed on Russia. Russia supplied 18 percent of the UK’s diesel in 2020, and finding alternative supplies to replace this is very difficult. Express.co.uk has contacted Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion for comment.