The Government unveiled its long-awaited energy strategy after months of delays despite the ongoing rising bills. Angela Knight hit out at the plan as she insisted increasing gas extraction out of the North Sea is the long-term plan for the UK, and scientists and technologists should be in charge.  Speaking to GB News, she said: “all politicians need to get off their emotional high ground”. “In a relatively short time it is about increasing more gas out of the North Sea by existing wells and by digging new ones. “This would get us more gas over the next years”. Ms Knight continued: “There is more gas locally and in the North Sea." Referring to the increase in the cost of gas that UK citizens are now facing, the former Energy UK chief insisted “this could deal with the problem." Referring to the future process of fracking in the North Sea, Ms Knight continued: “We should have run a proper controlled environmental trial some time ago, but a stop was put on in the past." “That’s a pity. Most of the strategies that we are looking at now are strategies that should have been decided six or ten years ago”. Ms Knight confirmed the importance for current politicians to put aside their emotional side. She insisted: “All politicians need to get off their emotional high ground on this. READ MORE: ‘We voted for Brexit, we got BRINO!’ Leavers rally against PM “[Politicians] should stand back. Scientists and technologists have to be in charge. “This is a good long-term plan”, stated Ms Knight highlighting the necessity for the government to find a fast but suitable solution to the gas problem that UK citizens are now facing. In short term, however, the former CEO appeared less optimistic. She added: “Right now, we are going to have to pay for it. For the poor hand society, we have got to help them out of this." DON'T MISS: Hitler made 'fatal mistake' that cost Germany World War 2 victory [WATCH]Desperate Russian claims US general captured destroyed by BBC expert [LISTEN]Ukraine: Czech tanks roll into Ukraine as NATO member [INSIGHT] The strategy has been criticised for its lack of focus on reducing energy demand through measures such as insulating homes. But Boris Johnson insisted measures to help people with bills in the short term will come from other Government policies, rather than the newly unveiled energy strategy. Mr Johnson said: "This is a long-term energy security strategy, this is about supply, this is about undoing the mistakes of the past and taking the big decisions now. "What we are also doing is looking after people who need to retrofit their homes, who need to put in lagging, who need to insulate their boilers - there is a £6 billion energy efficiency fund that we are already using to deliver very substantial savings to people. "There is a £5,000 grant you can get if you want to change your boiler, we are also looking to see what we can do to champion heat pumps so they are made in this country rather than elsewhere, and we are setting up a £30 million 'accelerator fund' to do that."