With the invasion of Ukraine by Russian forces a worrying image of what might come in Taiwan, the island nation is seeking to bolster its defensive capabilities in much the same way seen in Kyiv. In return, Taipei hopes to share its knowledge of Chinese disinformation campaigns and cyber warfare, warning the world, that China has not gone away.  According to Taiwan’s Foreign Minister Joseph Wu, the war in Ukraine has led to strengthened bonds between the island and the rest of the world. The Minister said Taiwan was using the situation in Ukraine to draw on its own lessons of using asymmetric warfare against a far more powerful adversary. Mr Wu said: “Taiwan and Ukraine are on the front line of the conflict between democracy and authoritarianism. “We understand defending Taiwan is not just to safeguard our sovereignty and way of life. “Our survival is crucial, as we have the responsibility to safeguard democracy for the rest of the world as well.”  Taking inspiration from Ukrainian soldiers mounting a brave and tenacious resistance against Russian forces, Mr Wu stated Taiwan wants to be able to stand its ground against any such eventuality with China. He said: “The belief these days is weakness is inviting aggression. “And we don’t want to be in a position of weakness. “We want to be able to defend ourselves.”  READ MORE:How South China Sea row saw Beijing spy on BBC crew The Foreign Minister however warned of significant differences between China and Russia when it comes to conducting military operations. He said: “We also face different adversaries. “The Russians seem to be more reckless, while the Chinese are more powerful and, at the same time, more subtle in expanding their authoritarian influence in the region.” Taiwan has also warned of hybrid warfare techniques being used by China. The Minister said: “They are trying to persuade people Taiwan is doomed and has no friends. “They say, ‘look, the US abandoned Afghanistan’ and ‘look, now they won’t commit military forces to Ukraine’. So they claim they won’t help Taiwan either. “We are dealing with this issue, day in and day out, so we have accumulated a lot of experience in this regard. “And because of that, there are several countries in Europe that want to share this experience.”  DON'T MISS:Dementia patients could benefit from Oxford breakthrough [REPORT]Macron warns of 'Brexit style' election upset [INSIGHT]Norfolk prison guards discover GPS trackers on cars [REVEAL] On a wider scale, there are some worrying signs China and Russia are building closer bonds. Prior to the invasion of Ukraine, Russian President Vladimir Putin paid a visit to China during the opening ceremony of the Winter Olympics. Reports suggest Chinese President Xi Jinping asked Putin not to invade Ukraine until after the completion of the games, which if true, would suggest China knew the war was imminent. Furthermore, since the war started nearly 5 weeks ago, China has been reluctant to tread on the toes of its allies in Moscow. Aside from abstaining from voting to condemn the invasion during UN Security Council meeting, China has condemned the placing of economic punitive measures on Russia. In terms of diplomatic rhetoric, the acknowledgement of sovereign rights has also shown similar views between Beijing and Moscow. In much the same way China has essentially endorsed the invasion of Ukraine through its stance on abstention, Moscow has stated Taiwan is an “inalienable part of China.”  Prior to the invasion of Ukraine, the global focus was concentrated heavily on actions in the South China Sea and the Indo-Pacific. Global allies in the US, UK and Australia signed a deal to remind Beijing of its presence in the area through the signing of the AUKUS deal. In return, China has escalated its naval presence in the area and conducted 1000’s of aerial sorties over restricted airspace near Taiwan. Speaking to The Sunday Times on the similarities facing Taiwan, Mr Wu ended: “This war in Ukraine is very vivid to the rest of the world. “It’s a confrontation between democracy and authoritarianism. “And I think democracies are uniting to face the situation. “Previously some democracies were hesitant in reaching out to Taiwan or showing support for Taiwan. “But after the lessons, we have learnt in Ukraine, more democracies in the world will understand the importance of Taiwan and will reach out to Taiwan to show support.” 