Terrance 'Terry' Judge, 63, collapsed by his seat minutes before kick-off at the iconic stadium on Wednesday evening. His two sons, members of the public, stewards and paramedics rushed to help the dad and he was rushed to hospital. But Terrance, who was a computer operator for Camelot's National Lottery, died of his injuries, reports the Liverpool Echo. His wife Louise, 50, told of her grief today. She said: "There were doctors, paramedics, and people all there trying to help him. LFC was amazing, they paid for their [the family's] taxi from Anfield to the Royal so they could be with him. We have had a huge, beautiful bouquet from LFC and a call from the Chaplain, and that was on the anniversary of Hillsborough. "We're taking comfort that he was in the best possible place he would have wanted to be. "He also said he didn't seem to be suffering and we're taking comfort from that." Terrance, from St Helens, Merseyside, had held a season ticket at Anfield for around 50 years.  Louise described her husband as a "very gentle person" who "would do absolutely anything for you". She continued: "Football and family was his life and he was such a kind, warm and gentle man. "He was a feeder, loved cooking a was a real chocoholic. He also adored his springer spaniel, Charley, who we got in January last year. He was besotted. "He would do anything for you and was the most amazing dad to Oliver. When Oliver would go on nights out he would go and drive into town to get him at four in the morning just to make sure he got home safely. "He wasn't very well over the last couple of years and wasn't going to the match as much, but he loved European nights and said he wanted to make an effort for Benfica."  Terrance caught coronavirus after returning from Liverpool's match with Atletico Madrid in March 2020, and ended up being hospitalised. Louise said since he caught the virus he then suffered from long Covid and other heart-related problems. Louise said: "He actually went to a cardiologist on Wednesday morning before the match after he said he 'couldn't live like this anymore'. He was struggling to put his socks on sometimes. "They said his heart rate went from steady, to moderate and then to serious. He decided he had enough of living the way he was and wanted to change." Since her husband's death, Louise said she was "overwhelmed" by the support she had received from LFC, Merseyside Police, the North West Ambulance Service, and the hundreds of people who have paid tribute to Terry and wanted to thank them. Terry leaves behind, Louise, Oliver, Charley his brothers, Barry and Kevin, and his sister-in-law Jean.  