Boris Becker, 54, revealed he was "shocked and embarrassed" when being declared bankrupt in 2017, but insisted he had cooperated with trustees in charge of securing his assets. Today, the tennis player was pictured returning to his home with a large bouquet of white hydrangeas before spending time with his son, Amadeus. Yesterday, on the eve of a possible jail sentence, Boris was seen shopping at Harrods and spent more than an hour at a west London council flat. Wearing a grey jacket and a baseball cap, he was spotted taking a taxi to the council estate in Bayswater before emerging 90 minutes later to go shopping in the luxury department store. He later walked home clutching a Puma holdall. The former Wimbledon champion will appear at Southwark Crown Court today having been convicted of concealing more than £2.5 million from his bankruptcy trustees. READ MORE: Rachel Riley slammed after arguing 'no one should defend Johnny Depp' Boris, who lives in Battersea, south London, told the court at his trial that the £35 million earnings from his glittering career had been swallowed up by a divorce and “expensive lifestyle commitments”, including shopping at Harrods. The six-times grand-slam winner was cleared this month of hiding tennis trophies from his bankruptcy trustees, but convicted of four of the remaining 15 charges. They included making a series of secret payments totalling £350,000 beginning the day after his bankruptcy, including more than £28,000 to his former wife Barbara, 53, a further £83,000 to his estranged second wife Lilly, 45, and £40,000 on private surgery. The former world number one was earlier this month found guilty of transferring hundreds of thousands of pounds from his business account and failing to declare a property in his home town of Leimen, Germany. The BBC commentator was also convicted of hiding an 825,000 euro (almost £700,000) bank loan and £75,000 shares in a tech firm. Each offence under the Insolvency Act, which includes removal of the property, two counts of failing to disclose estate, and concealing debt, carries a maximum sentence of seven years imprisonment. Judge Deborah Taylor will sentence six-time Grand Slam champion Boris, who has a previous conviction for tax evasion and attempted tax evasion in Germany in 2002, at Southwark Crown Court from midday on Friday. The German national, who has lived in the UK since 2012, was declared bankrupt on June 21 2017 over an unpaid loan of more than £3 million on his estate in Mallorca, Spain. DONT MISS:Andrea McLean warned of 'landing on your face' after Loose Women exit (PHOTOS)Susanna Reid in 'terrible state' as Piers Morgan recalls GMB aftermath (NEWS)Jeremy Clarkson apologises to Amazon's Jeff Bezos after mix-up (LATEST) He claimed he had co-operated with trustees tasked with securing his assets, even offering up his wedding ring, and had relied on the advisers who managed his life. However, Boris, who was supported in court by his partner Lilian de Carvalho Monteiro and eldest son Noah, was found guilty of four charges. The court heard Boris received 1.13 million euros (about £950,000) from the sale of a Mercedes car dealership he owned in Germany, which was paid into a business account used as a "piggy bank" for his personal expenses. He was found guilty of transferring 427,00 euros (£356,000) to nine recipients, including the accounts of his ex-wife Barbara and estranged wife "Lilly" Becker, the mother of his fourth child. He was further convicted of failing to declare a property in his home town of Leimen, hiding an 825,000 euro (almost £700,000) bank loan on the house as well as 75,000 shares in tech firm Breaking Data Corp. Earlier this week Boris was embraced by his girlfriend as he smoked during a break in a meeting with documentary maker George Chignell in London. Last weekend, he was pictured with Lilly and their 12-year-old boy in south London. Becker's mother Elvira Becker, 86, has begged the judge not to send her son to jail, saying earlier this month that he is "a decent boy overall".