Donny Osmond, 64, was "overjoyed" as he was given the chance to surprise Hollywood's Jennifer Garner, 50, on her 50th birthday. Jennifer was overcome with emotions as she ate in a cafe and Donny came up behind her in a singsong with a wonderful cake. Donny took to Twitter to share the lovely video in view of his 204,100 followers. Jennifer was watching a video in shock as she listened to a personal voice recording from Donny. However, that surprise was nothing compared to when Donny stood behind her and began to sing. The actress was obviously flushed and flustered, covering her hands over her face. READ MORE: 'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands She then leapt up and hugged him before asking, "I'm so hot, can I take my sweater off?" Donny then presented her with a cake that read "13 Going On 50! Love Donny", a reference to her hit film 13 Going On 30. The pair then sang a duet to his classic Make The World Go Away. He captioned the video: "Surprising fans is one of my favorite things to do, so when I had the opportunity to surprise the lovely Jennifer Garner for her 50th birthday, I was overjoyed." Many social media users took to the posts comments to share their joy over the amazing surprise. Lorilennon said: "OMG! This is incredible! Both of you are just a ball of sunshine! "Donny you made her birthday so special!"(sic) DebbieDeMark1 added: "I absolutely loved this. For all the girls who dreamed of this, her reaction felt like it was for all of us." DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman reflects on bad weather [COMMENT] Judi Dench on ruling out marriage with partner of 11 years David Mills [INSIGHT] James Martin furiously defends love of butter despite health concerns [OPINION] Jennifer herself also took to Instagram to share the heartwarming video in view of her 12.7 million followers. She captioned the post: "My first (pre)birthday surprise was a doozy— the one and only, legend in his own time, object of my childhood adoration and devotion— @donnyosmond showed up to knock my purple socks off. "He took an hour and a half of his day to sit with me, sing my favorites, and to give me a master class on how to be a class act. Thank you, Donny. "Hi, @marieosmond. I hope to meet you someday, Debbie." Jennifer has opened up in the past about her love for the legendary singer. In October 2019 in an Instagram post by Kate Couric she commented: "My number one biggest crush of all time @donnyosmond." The Puppy Love singer replied: "Miraculous that those jumpsuits didn't scare you away." Since then the pair have shared several short social media interactions, with Donny even singing with Jennifer in 1999.