Stephen Mangan and Nicola Walker are back on screen as Hannah and Nathan Stern for the third and final season of The Split. The new batch of episodes will see the professional divorce lawyers attempt to navigate the breakdown of their own marriage. Fans of the BBC drama are thrilled for its return and are eager to know more about the cast and their real life relationships. Who is Stephen Mangan's wife? Express.co.uk has everything you need to know. Stephen plays in-demand barrister Nathan in The Split and fans will see his character endure some challenging experiences in the new series. He'll be trying his best to get through his own divorce with wife Nicola. As the drama enters its final series, fans are wondering what the cast's love lives are really like. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... Stephen tied the knot back in 2007 and his wife also works in the world of showbiz. He's married to English actress Louise Delamere who fans may recognise from Holby City. Louise played Colette Sheward in the BBC medical drama between 2013 and 2014. Soap lovers may also recognise the actress from Waterloo Road where she played Marion James between 2009 and 2011. Louise is also well known for her role as Lia in the Channel 4 comedy drama No Angels. Stephen and Louise share three children together called Harry, Frank and Jack. Harry is their eldest son aged 14-years-old while Frank is only 12 and Jack is six. DON'T MISS...June Brown's final appearance in EastEnders before death [MUST SEE]GB News star Stephen Dixon takes swipe at Sky News in ratings war [UPDATE]Midsomer Murders’ Fiona Dolman details memories of first episode [INSIGHT] Stephen's had an impressive career in British television over the years boasting a range of credits alongside his role in The Split. The comedian and actor famously played Dan Moody in Steve Coogan's I'm Alan Partridge. He also showed off his comedy skills in Channel 4 sit-com Green Wing, which saw him star alongside Tamsin Greig. Tamsin and Stephen later teamed up again for BBC comedy series Episodes where they shared the screen with Friends actor Matt LeBlanc. Stephen has also appeared as himself on various panel shows over the years, such as: Have I Got News For You, 8 Out Of 10 Cats and Would I Lie To You? On the silver screen he's starred in films Billy Elliot, Rush and Postman Pat: The Movie. Fans of Stephen can watch him reprise his role in The Split for one last time in season three. The Split season three premieres Monday at 9pm on BBC One.