A team of researchers from the institute for psychological research at Leiden University, The Netherlands, tested the effects of probiotics on "cognitive reactivity". "Heightened cognitive reactivity to normal, transient changes in sad mood is an established marker of vulnerability to depression," the authors noted. Thus, dampening heightened cognitive reactivity is considered an "important target for interventions". For the study, the probiotics tested on non-depressed individuals were: The experiment involved 20 healthy participants who had not been diagnosed with a mood disorder. They received a four-week probiotic food supplementation intervention with the multi-species probiotics. Meanwhile, 20 "control participants" received an inert placebo for the same amount of time. READ MORE: Dementia – How do you cook pasta? It could be telling of the brain condition, a doctor says In the pre- and post-intervention assessment, cognitive reactivity to sad mood was assessed using the revised Leiden index of depression sensitivity scale. Compared to participants who received the placebo intervention, those who consumed the probiotics showed a "significant" reduction in cognitive reactivity to sad mood. The participants who consumed placebos had a reduction in rumination and "aggressive thoughts". The authors concluded that this evidence shows that "the intake of probiotics may help reduce negative thoughts associated with sad mood". "Probiotics supplementation warrants further research as a potential preventive strategy for depression," the authors added. How depression differs from feeling sad Mental health charity HeretoHelp pointed out that sadness is a "normal reaction" to a loss, disappointment, or difficult situations. Feeling sad from time to time is "part of being human", but the feelings of sadness tend to dissipate, enabling you to carry on with your daily life. Depression, on the other hand, is a mood disorder that can last for a very long time. "It’s much more than sadness or low mood," the charity stated. "People who experience depression may feel worthless or hopeless." For some people, depression may be experienced as anger or irritability, an inability to concentrate or make decisions, or losing interest in things they once enjoyed. "Depression lasts longer than two weeks, doesn’t usually go away on its own, and impacts your life," HelptoHand stated. Depression The NHS stated: "It's important to seek help from a GP if you think you may be depressed." Symptoms of depression Social symptoms might include: Find a local NHS urgent mental health helpline here.