Lando Norris took an opportunity to poke fun at close rival George Russell after qualifying for the Australian Grand Prix, with the Mercedes star perplexed at why F1 officials cut the fourth DRS zone for this weekend. It's proven to be a much better weekend for McLaren Down Under with both cars making it through to Q3 for the first time this season.  Norris and Daniel Ricciardo ended up being split by the two Mercedes after the final run with the former starting Sunday's race in fourth. Russell was pipped by Lewis Hamilton to fifth, with both Mercedes drivers starting alonside each other on the third row. There was some concern that Mercedes would struggle to make it through to Q3 after Friday's two practice sessions. Changes made to the W13 overnight made a huge difference, but there was also some changes made by F1 officials which then hampered Mercedes in qualifying. Niels Wittich confirmed on Saturday morning that the fourth DRS zone, originally brought in for this season, was going to be removed for "safety reasons".  “For safety reasons, DRS zones will be reduced to three for the remainder of the event,” Niels Wittich said. “DRS detection one will be moved to before Turn 9, DRS activation one will be after Turn 10. DRS detection two will remain unchanged, with the following activations zones renumbered accordingly.” Speaking after qualifying, Norris joked that Russell was relying on DRS being open the entire lap to help Mercedes out. "He's going to want DRS open every lap to save himself from getting a headache," Norris joked on Sky Sports.  Russell was able to laugh of Norris' comment, but added that he couldn't understand why F1 officials took away the fourth DRS zone. "It's a bit annoying they took away that fourth one," Russell added. "I wasn't pushing for it. It's kind of counterintuitive because it was meant to have been done for safety reasons but DRS open through there reduces the porpoising and makes it safer so they've made it worse for us by reducing the DRS. "That's a bit annoying and probably won't help the race but the aim is to try and beat this guy [Norris] and keep Sainz and Fernando behind."