The UK Prime Minister travelled to India this week with the aim of strengthening defence and security ties with the country as well as the UK's post-Brexit diplomatic links. Mr Johnson is due to meet with India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on Friday, April 22, to have “in-depth talks” on their “strategic defence, diplomatic and economic partnership”. He is said to be hopeful of securing a trade deal “by the end of the year”, and has suggested that relaxed visa rules for highly-skilled Indian migrants could be offered in exchange for a quicker tariff-free trade deal. As a result, Express.co.uk asked readers if they thought this was the right thing to do. In a poll that ran from 9am on Thursday, April 21, to 1pm on Friday, April 22, Express.co.uk asked: “Is Boris right to increase immigration from India in exchange for a trade deal?” A total of 8,965 people cast their votes with the overwhelming majority – 88 percent (7,834 people) – opting for “no”, Mr Johnson should not increase immigration from India in exchange for a trade deal. Meanwhile, 11 percent (1,007 people) answered “yes” and one percent (124 people) said they did not know. Thousands of comments were left below the accompanying article in a lively debate with readers sharing their thoughts on immigration. One user, Pythagoras said: “I don’t think it is necessary. The quid pro quo on a trade deal is trade in the other direction. “If India doesn’t want a trade deal for a trade deal then don’t make a trade deal with India.” Username Thespokentruth wrote: “Have a trade deal yes but not at the expense of immigration.” While username alavache said: “If it is agreed, any other trade deal the UK tries to negotiate with any other country afterwards, the other country will ask for the same.” And username Shamrock said: “The UK is not getting any deal from any country without conditions that benefit that country.” Another, username BobPage, wrote: “No, trade deals are for goods and services, not people.” Others expressed their concerns over an increase in migrants coming to the UK. Username EndtheGreenLie said: “Ditch the deal, we are full.” Username Procrastinus wrote: “When will politicians realise that Britain is FULL UP!” DON'T MISS:Brexit warning: Boris fires shot at EU over Irish border farce as he vows to take action [LATEST]Boris Johnson LIVE: 'When, not if' Senior Tory MP predicts date of no confidence coup [LIVE BLOG]Boris got Brexit done - and is now determined to make it a success [ANALYSIS] Another user, Canyouseeit? said: “NO we have more than enough immigrants.” Some thought that this was the wrong decision to result from post-Brexit trade deals. Username Gilli Pepper said: “I doubt this is what the British public expected.” While username Imsopissedoff said: “This is one thing the remainers said would happen. “Get rid of EU workers and the Government will do immigration deals in exchange for trade.”