The horrifying scenes that he witnessed on that day would stay with him all his life. He was one of only four men from his sapper unit to survive the assault and fighting around Caen and in the Falaise pocket. He said: "It was hell on earth. Murder. The sea was red with blood." Mr Billinge, a proud Cockney, grew up in Petts Wood, Kent, but had been in Cornwall for 70 years after leaving London for a better quality of life. He married Sheila Smith in St Austell in 1954, set up shop as a barber and became president of the local Royal British Legion and Royal Engineers clubs. A holder of France's highest award, the Legion d'honneur, Mr Billinge made annual pilgrimages to the cemeteries of Normandy and was a regular sight collecting for the Poppy Appeal in Par Market and StAustell town centre for more than 60 years. He later began fundraising for a permanent memorial to those under British command who died in the Normandy landings and was made an ambassador for the Normandy Memorial Trust. In 2019 he was made an MBE after raising more than £50,000 for the Trust. He dedicated it to the 22,442 service personnel killed during the D-Day landings. He said: "I'm no hero. I was lucky. I'm here. All the heroes are dead and I'll never forget them." His daughter, Sally Billinge-Shandley, said: "The passion he had for all the veterans that lost their lives was unwavering. The memorial for the Normandy veterans just became part of him; it was a huge part of his life." In 2020 he had a Great Western Railway express train named after him to mark 75 years since the end of the Second World War, and on June 6 last year the British Normandy Memorial was completed at Ver-sur-Mer. Covid restrictions prevented him travelling to France for the unveiling but he was given a special screening at Par Market with a guard of honour by men and women of 24 Commando Royal Engineers, and he later visited the memorial overlooking Gold Beach in October. Mr Billinge is survived by his wife Shelia, two daughters, Sally and Margot, his son Christopher and his granddaughters Amy and Claire.