Lewis Hamilton has been asked to feature in the music video for Stormzy's new single alongside a range of sports stars and British celebrities. The seven-time champion could help film the project when production begins in London this week. According to the Sun, A music insider said: “Stormzy is pulling out all the stops with his new project and he has called everyone he knows to get involved. He has approached Emilia Clarke, Lewis Hamilton, Louis Theroux And Jonathan Ross as well as David Beckham And Gordon Ramsay. “The shoot start­ed yesterday and will be happening all week so fans should keep their eyes peeled.” The insider claimed one location for the massive project is the National Portrait Gallery near Trafalgar Square. Stormzy has appeared at several F1 races and even waved the chequered flag as Hamilton won the British Grand Prix in 2019. The artist was among the A-list guests at the 2021 season finale in Abu Dhabi as Hamilton lost the crown to Max Verstappen. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton faces up to biggest question mark of his career Ahead of the title decider, Stormzy was approached by Sky Sports host Martin Brundle who asked whether he had spoken to Hamilton ahead of the race. He said: “No, no, no, I haven’t spoken to him, I wouldn’t even want to speak to him. I’m sure he needs to be in the zone, he needs to be focused.” The music icon and Hamilton were also named among the most influential Black people of the year in 2020. Hamilton said it was an ‘honour’ to win the award and described all the other recipients as ‘inspiring’. He added: “I really really appreciate it. This for me is a monumental moment. I’m so proud to be acknowledged, especially within the black community. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton delivers verdict on F1 potentially axing Monaco GP [INSIGHT]Hamilton airs grievance with F1 youngsters - 'I always had respect' [COMMENT]Jacques Villeneuve raises doubt Lewis Hamilton will finish season  [ANALYSIS] “Everyone on this list is so inspiring and leading in their own industry, I’m honestly thrilled to be mentioned alongside them.” The seven-time champion has a passion for music and even has a recording studio at home. He featured on the Christian Aguilera's song 'Pipe' in 2018 as the anonymous rapper XNDA. The Briton has previously spoken about how music helped him get through 'difficult times'. He added: "Guys, I’ve spent the last ten years or more writing and recording, working with some of the most talented and beautiful people, which I’m so grateful for. It’s been the most incredible outlet." Hamilton has struggled with his new Mercedes this season, finishing just 13th at last weekend’s Emilia Romagna Grand Prix at Imola. It’s the Briton’s second disappointing result of the season after he finished 10th at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Meanwhile, team-mate George Russell has fared slightly better with four successive top five finishes. The results put Russell just 37 points behind championship leader Charles Leclerc. However, Hamilton has scored almost half as many points as the Mercedes rookie and is a massive 58 points behind in the standings.