CBS’ family drama Blue Bloods will finally be returning to screens on Friday after a two-week hiatus and it looks as though fans will be in for a thrilling episode. A first look image revealed Danny Reagan (played by Donnie Wahlberg) could save his sister from a dangerous and vengeful stalker.  Blue Bloods followed the lives of the Reagan family delving into their personal dilemmas as well as their professional careers as the first family of the NYPD. The family is headed by the patriarch and NYC police commissioner Frank Reagen (Tom Selleck), who often expressed his pride about his children following his steps and joining law enforcement. While the family investigate crimes in the city, it looks as though the upcoming episode could focus on the siblings unlike before. Fans of the series know the family usually reunite for the lively dinner scenes, but both Danny and Erin Reagen (Bridget Moynahan) will share some screentime.  READ MORE: Jane McDonald forced to explain awkward wardrobe mishap The first look image for Friday’s instalment, titled ‘Tangled Up in Blue,’ sees Danny and Erin front and centre, which hints the entire episode will focus on them. The siblings also looked as though they were in the office, which was where Erin would have gone to seek help. A synopsis reads: “Erin is stalked by a man who was recently released from prison; Jamie works to save his badge when he is caught driving under the influence after he is unknowingly given drugs at a party; Frank navigates multiple family issues.” Fans will have to tune in to see which family member will help Danny out of the complicated situation.  With Erin being stalked by a newly released convict, it is yet to be discovered why he was after the Bureau Chief. It is likely the family had a hand in ensuring he was locked up and now he is seeking revenge. The action-packed episode will also reveal who the stalker is as well as why and how long they were incarcerated for. With Danny also finding himself in some trouble, perhaps a temporary suspension could be the reason he helps Erin.  DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley in shock at Angela Rayner controversy [NEWS]Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck delivers huge update on Jesse Stone project [INSIGHT] Blue Bloods plot hole: Frank once got his childrens' ages wrong [BLUNDER] As the series draws closer to its finale, which is expected to premiere on May 6, viewers could see the return of a fan-favourite. For the third finale in a row, Will Hochman will return as Frank's grandson Joe Hill, who also works with law enforcement as an NYPD Detective. It is yet to be seen if viewers will see Joe on a more permanent basis and find out more about his job. However, this may not be the case as executive producer Kevin Wade previously told TV inside it wouldn’t be “full-time, more than likely, but we’d like to be able to weave him in and out of stories".  As for season 13, Danny star Donnie Wahlberg took to Instagram to say an emotional goodbye to the series after production had ended and expressed hope for a renewal. He wrote: “That's a wrap on [Blue Bloods] season 12! Makes this [Blue Bloods Friday] a little more special. “Thanks to all who have supported, and continue to support, me and my TV Family. Enjoy the show tonight, and the next few weeks! "Then hopefully, we're on to season 13 (god willing)!” Though the series has yet to be renewed or cancelled, hopefully, there will be good news as the show draws closer to the finale. Blue Bloods is available on CBS in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 