The royal couple last week began a seven-day tour of the Caribbean to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. They have reportedly made efforts to avoid “PR mistakes” after a similar visit by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge last month prompted criticism the Royal Family had become “tone deaf”. But while the visit is so far understood to have been well received, it did not take long before protesters demanded reparations for historic slavery. Some on the island nation gathered with signs insisting “they stole us”, “sold us” and now “owe us”. One demanded the Queen “say sorry”. Another called for “reparation now!”. Express Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer said in a post on Twitter: “The Earl and Countess of Wessex have received a warm welcome from crowds on a walkabout in Saint Lucia. “But they have also faced a small anti-slavery protest from demonstrators urging the Queen to apologise.” Earlier in their visit, the Early and Countess of Wessex were urged to use their “diplomatic influence” to get “reparatory justice” for Antigua and Barbuda. READ MORE: Former MEP pinpoints key reason stopping 'Brexit red tape bonfire' Prime Minister Gaston Browne told the royals he understood they did not want to become embroiled in “contentious issues”. But he asked them to “understand these issues” and to help Antigua and Barbuda receive the “justice that we seek”. Mr Browne also admitted the idea of the country becoming a republic was not “not on the cards”. DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] Some there held banners reading “compensation now" and "Britain your debt is outstanding”, according to Sky News. Prince William told an audience in Jamaica last month he felt “profound sorrow” over the “abhorrent” historic slave trade. The reparation-backing Advocates Network insisted his speech did not go nearly far enough, adding it was “unacceptable” and “tone deaf”. In a statement, it said: “Prince William’s statement is not an apology! “The expression of ‘profound sorrow’ is unacceptable. Why? It is merely an acknowledgement that slavery was abhorrent. A bad thing that all well thinking persons would condemn.” It added this was proof of “the insensitivity of the Royal family to the plight of Jamaicans today, both here in Jamaica and in Britain”.