Before her Platinum Jubilee year dawned in February, the Queen declared her "sincere wish" that Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall will one day be titled as Queen Consort when Prince Charles is King. The Queen's statement was a far cry from the official message issued in 2005 that Camilla would be Princess Consort instead of Queen. But Camilla has become a popular member of the Royal Family since she married Prince Charles 17 years ago, and it appears more now back her in the court of public opinion than they did last year.  The latest of YouGov's 'The Most Popular Royalty' data for Camilla was collected from 1,324 people in Great Britain during the first quarter of 2022, and it seems Camilla is one of a few royals who saw their popularity increase compared to the last quarter. In quarter four of 2021, Camilla ranked with a 95 percent fame score and a 34 percent popularity rating. But in quarter one of 2022, Camilla's fame score shot up to 97 percent, and her popularity surged by a staggering six percent to 40 percent. In the breakdown, Camilla was most popular with Gen X with a 49 percent popularity score, while she scored 38 percent with Baby Boomers and only 28 percent with Millennial respondents.  READ MORE: Kate’s concern after giving birth to Prince Louis Camilla now stands at eighth place out of 15 royals in the poll, while Prince Charles is in sixth place - two comfortable spots for the future King and Queen. The full rankings for YouGov's latest 'The Most Popular Royalty' poll are as follows:   After the Queen announced her wish for Camilla to be Queen Consort earlier this year, the Duchess said she felt "very, very honoured and very touched". The Queen's decision put an end to years of speculation over Camilla's future title, and Charles paid tribute to his "darling wife" after the Queen's announcement. In a statement, Charles said: "We are deeply conscious of the honour represented by my mother's wish. "As we have sought together to serve and support Her Majesty and the people of our communities, my darling wife has been my own steadfast support throughout."  DON'T MISS:Huge coup for Sophie Wessex as popularity surges [INSIGHT]Queen Jubilee 2022 dates: The four-day bank holiday schedule in full [EXPLAINER]Royal Family ranked: New data shows most and least popular royals [ANALYSIS] In recent months it seems Prince Charles's popularity with the public has also been on the up based on several polls. According to the latest YouGov data, the Prince now stands at 50 percent popularity in quarter one of 2022 - up from 45 percent in quarter four of 2021. Another recent royal poll from Ipsos found that around half of the public think Prince Charles would do a good job as King. Among the 2,055 British adults quizzed between March 24 and 25, 2022, 48 percent thought Charles will do a good job when he takes the throne.  Fewer people, 19 percent, thought Charles would do a bad job, while 27 percent said he would do neither a good nor a bad job when crowned. Support for the monarchy as an institution remains solid too, with the same poll finding 44 percent believed Britain would be worse in the future if the monarchy was abolished. In comparison, only 26 percent said it would make no difference, and 22 percent said Britain would be better if the monarchy was abolished - although this figure has crept up by seven percent in the past four years. In March 2018, Ipsos found only 15 percent of respondents thought Britain would be better if the monarchy was abolished, while 46 percent thought the nation would be worse off. 