Spain banned unvaccinated Britons after the emergence of the Omicron variant in the UK. British tourists who are not vaccinated will now be able to travel. Unvaccinated British tourists must take a PCR test within 72 hours of travel or an antigen test within 24 hours of travel. Unvaccinated Britons can also travel to Spain if they a Covid recovery certificate from the last 180 days. British tourists who have not had a booster will be counted as unvaccinated if their second jab was more than 270 days ago. Children under 12 years old are exempt if they are travelling with an adult. READ MORE: Ryanair flight to Alicante declares emergency after take-off Every tourist including children must present a QR code which they will receive after filling out the Spanish Health Control Form. The rules cover the whole of the Spanish mainland as well as the Canary and Balearic Islands. Spain in UK tweeted: “Spain has updated its entry requirements. All non-vaccinated UK passengers can now enter Spain with proof of a negative PCR or antigen test.” The news comes just in time for the Easter bank holiday weekend and just after the start of UK school holidays. It follows a similar announcement from France which recently ended a ban on unvaccinated British tourists. Julia Lo Bue-Said, Ceo of Advantage Travel Partnership, said it was a “step in the right direction”. Spain is one of the UK’s top travel destinations and welcomed over 18 million British tourists in 2019. Many top destinations are preparing for a busy Easter holiday season with hotels full for the first time since the pandemic. However, the industry has faced struggles with an increase in energy prices and a shortage of essential items. Some hotels in Benidorm have struggled to complete essential repairs due to a lack of concrete and materials. A trucking strike caused chaos across Spain, as workers protested about the rising cost of fuel. Bad weather has also plagued many of the Costa del Sol’s top resorts with beaches suffering damage. Photos of flooded beaches and cafes with broken windows were shared across social media. However, the bad weather is expected to clear by the weekend which could mark good times ahead for Britons. Britons do not need to take a test or fill out a passenger locator form after arriving back in the UK.