Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic has confirmed he will leave the club at the end of the current Premier League season, ending a five-year spell at the club and beginning the start of a summer clear out under Ralf Rangnick.   Matic, 33, joined United from Chelsea in 2017 for a fee of around £40million after a three-and-a-half-year stint in west London. The Serbian has made over 180 appearances for the Red Devils since his move, establishing himself as a solid midfielder in his time at the club. Despite failing to win a trophy in his time at Old Trafford, Matic has generally proved to be one of the better defensive midfielders in the Premier League throughout his decade in England. However, it seems certain he will leave Ralf Rangnick's men without a trophy to his name after he confirmed via Instagram that he would be leaving the club in two months' time on Friday evening. And the former Benfica star has called his time in the north west 'a huge honour', with his next move currently unknown until he finishes the season in the famous red shirt. "After a great deal of thought, I have decided that this season will be my last with Manchester United," Matic said on Instagram. "I have informed the board, the manager and the players of my decision. "It has been a huge honour and a privilege to play for this great club. A big thank you to the fans for their unwavering support. I will now give everything until the end of the season to help my teammates finish as strongly as possible." Matic has scored just four goals for United in his half-decade tenure, with his last goal coming in a Manchester Derby in January 2020. However, the strike was not enough to take the Red Devils through to the Carabao Cup final as they fell to their cross-city rivals over two legs. The decision could potentially leave United threadbare in midfield for the start of pre-season. With Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata all out of contract in the summer, it leaves the Red Devils with just Scott McTominay, Fred, Donny van de Beek and Bruno Fernandes as the only senior midfielders at the club. Hannibal Mejbri and James Garner could play a part as younger options, but United will need to sign at least two quality central midfielders as a result of the aforementioned departures.