Monty Don often features his beloved Longmeadow and Jewel Gardens on the BBC programme Gardeners' World which is adored by his legion of fans. The well-known horticulturist admittedly gets his hands dirty but recently shared that his wife Sarah Don has played a key role. The 66-year-old reacted to a social media user after the BBC favourite shared a candid snap of his stunning gardens. Taking to Twitter, the broadcaster shared a breathtaking photo of his neatly kept garden. In view of his 256,000 followers, Monty captioned the post: "The Long Walk (separating the Cottage and Jewel gardens). Twitter user, Swinisterdave wrote: "Does anyone help you with your garden Monty? Do you do it all yourself?" READ MORE: Cillian Murphy quits London after kids develop 'posh English accents' Monty took the opportunity to respond to the post and revealed that in the early days he and his wife were the most hands-on with their beloved garden. It wasn't until years later, that the couple was able to hire a team to assist them. He explained: "Two very hard working, skilled gardeners plus my wife and sons plus all my spare time. "It is hugely labour intensive to keep looking pristine for the programme. But until GW it was Sarah and I plus part-time help." The social media user in question replied: "Thanks for your reply. In hindsight, it was a rather silly question. The garden is wonderful, essential viewing in our house. Thank you!" Other social media users gushed over the photo of Monty's treasured garden. Hey Jude commented: "I know you have help and are an experienced gardener, and I am a working lawyer with a small garden, but Lordie I have garden envy whenever I see Long Meadow." Monty replied: "Hopefully envy can quickly be replaced by inspiration - and don't forget I have had time - what you see is the result of 30 years work and growth. Nothing happened overnight." DON'T MISS... Madonna, 63, stuns fans with smooth visage in ageless pics[LATEST]Harry and Meghan's secret visit to Queen - 'Don't care for details!'[ROYALS]Rod Stewart in rare pic with sons as Penny talks life before kids[PICTURES] Hazel Harrison gushed: "Looks lovely Monty. I love this time of the year when the gardens are coming to life after winter. I am in the process of creating a Japanese-inspired area in the corner of my garden. I do love a garden project." Judith Lee commented: "That’s a whole lotta gardening work and love." James C Warne added: "Bet trimming all those box pyramids is a labour of love." "Perfect for any forthcoming Alice in Wonderland movies," joked Jack Pemment. Monty has been a regular face on television thanks to his work on BBC's Gardeners' World and has often been branded the "nation's gardener". The presenter and his wife Sarah have been happily married for a number of years after they met at Cambridge University. Monty and Sarah have three grown-up children, Tom, Adam and Freya. The parents are even proud grandparents and have one grandson named George. Gardeners' World airs tonight on BBC Two at 8pm.