The difficulty of the Manchester United job may have been underestimated by Ralf Rangnick, as he has reportedly been left 'shocked' by their current squad. And judging by his first press conference, he may regret saying yes to the role. Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick has reportedly been left 'shocked' at the lack of energy and physicality that his side have in midfield. When Rangnick arrived at the club, he reiterated the importance of athleticism and physicality in the modern game, but has since been left 'shocked' as it's an asset that United lack. His time in the dugout may be coming to an end as his contract expires on June 1, but he has offered incoming manager Erik ten Hag some advice. He has advised that the Dutchman sign 'at least two players' in the midfield that can provide energy, but although only employed temporarily, Rangnick may regret taking the job in the first place. And that's because he was unaware at how big the issues were at United when he first joined, as his first ever press conference suggests. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz When Rangnick arrived at Old Trafford, he was asked about his training methods, and he gave a detailed response about modern football. Rangnick said: "Modern football in the last 10 years, it has completely changed into a more physical, more athletic, more vertical game. In order to develop teams, you need to train the bodies and the brains." Rangnick may have had lofty ambitions to re-train the United players to embrace his style of play, but he has failed to do so. And he has been left 'shocked' by their lack of energy in midfield, according to the Sunday People. Rangnick feels as though their current levels in that area are not enough in the modern game, and has highlighted the issue as an area that needs urgent attention. The German has suggested that Ten Hag needs at least two hard running, high-energy recruits as well as a play-maker to help things run smoothly. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag  But again, this goes against what Rangnick said when he first joined, as he claimed he was "happy with the players that we have." Rangnick also said when joining: "It can only go game by game, step by step. You have to make sure you have the biggest chance to win the next game then step by step. Let the players follow and buy into the idea that I can offer them on how we want to play in the future. Pep has been at City for three years, Jurgen for five, Thomas only came in February, but in time-wise, they're a little ahead of us in the way they want to develop. I'm more than happy with the players we have here." However, his latest admission shows that his mind has been changed, and he also is reportedly unhappy with United's firepower in attack. Although Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 20 goals this season, Rangnick feels as though United have a big issue moving forward. Rangnick said in his first press conference that it was unlikely that they were going to make signings in January, and that he needed to get to know his current squad. And judging by his latest remarks, he clearly feels as though he has now understood their weaknesses. Back in December, Rangnick said: "We haven't spoken about new players. Now is the time to get to know the current squad in detail, the squad is definitely not too small. "There is enough players. Maybe after Christmas, there will be a time to talk about possible transfers in the winter. In my experience, winter is not the time for sustainable transfers. It will be difficult in the winter." And back in December, Rangnick was extremely ambitious, as he said: "It's about winning games and, in the end, I'm very ambitious. We want to make the most successful season that is possible. Right now, we have to be realistic. The difference between us and the top three is big. But let's see." As it stands, United are extremely unlikely to finish outside of the top four, handing incoming boss Ten Hag a mess in the summer. United were also knocked out of the FA Cup and the Champions League at relatively early stages, in what has been a disastrous season. There was initial talk that Rangnick would take on a consultancy role at the end of his stint as interim boss, but talk of future plans has since gone quiet. And the German may now regret taking on the job in the first place.