Boris Johnson is under pressure to defend several ‘Blue Wall’ councils from both the Liberal Democrats and Labour Party in May’s local elections. The Prime Minister still trails Sir Keir Starmer’s party in the opinion polls despite a bounceback following his response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. However, a letter seen by Express.co.uk shows just how nervous one Cabinet member is about next month’s vote. Dominic Raab, who was demoted to Justice Secretary and Deputy Prime Minister in Mr Johnson’s reshuffle last September, had a nerve-racking experience in the 2019 General Election after the Brexiteer’s 23,298-vote majority was reduced to just 2,743 in his Remain-voting Surrey constituency. The Esher & Walton MP has now called on local Tory members to fill the Conservative Party’s coffers with cash in an attempt to see off the threat from the Liberal Democrats and “put the bricks back into the Blue Wall”. The ex-Foreign Secretary co-wrote a plea with local association chairman Peter Szanto which said: “We know that you will be a recipient of regular emails and letters from Conservative HQ seeking financial support for the national Party, and we would not be making this request unless it was necessary. “But we need your help. Unless our local Esher & Walton Conservative Association can raise significant funding, we risk losing ground in the local elections this May, which would undermine our position locally.” The letter also claimed COVID-19 “severely limited” Esher & Walton Tories' fundraising capacity. Raab and Szanto added: “We are under serious attack from the Lib Dems, and we are now their top target seat in the country! “Their aim is to take control of Esher & Walton from the bottom up.” JUST IN: Nicola Sturgeon 'fooling no-one' as she 'stalls' Scexit until after crucial local election “Therefore, these elections are vital. Currently, we are not in control at Elmbridge Borough Council and our opposition wants to make sure that continues.” In a final rallying cry, Mr Raab and Mr Szanto concluded the letter by saying: “Together, we can regain control of Elmbridge Borough Council, and make Esher and Walton completely Conservative - but we need your help.” When asked by Express.co.uk about the letter, Mr Szanto said: “There are so many communications that go out to our members about social events and so on that I really can’t comment.” Responding to the plea, the Liberal Democrat candidate for Esher & Walton, Monica Harding, said: “Local people are fed up with an MP who takes them for granted and doesn’t represent their views. “Esher & Walton deserves better than Dominic Raab who just acts as Boris Johnson’s stooge. “Voters here expect our MP to stand up for decency and fairness and be on their side in difficult times. Ms Harding, who stood against the then Foreign Secretary in 2019, added: “Instead, Dominic Raab is the first out of the blocks to defend Boris Johnson over manifesto-breaking tax hikes and Downing Street parties.” Elmbridge Borough Council, which also covers the neighbouring constituency of Runnymede & Weybridge, has been under no overall control since the Tories suffered losses when wards went up for grabs in 2016. St Albans MP and Liberal Democrat Deputy Leader Daisy Cooper piled the pressure on Mr Raab after telling Express.co.uk the Blue Wall was “crumbling” before Mr Johnson’s eyes. A local Conservative candidate in one Blue Wall borough told Express.co.uk: “Although Boris is a great attraction in the Red Wall seats, there is a considerable amount of voter apathy towards him in the South East.” Tory leaflets instead reportedly focus on the party’s local record, including references to defending the green belt and repairing roads. But Sir Ed Davey’s party are looking to capitalise on public concerns about Mr Johnson in their pamphlets. DON'T MISS:Motorists hit by 14 MILLION tickets in 2 years [REVEAL]Britain braces as bitter -6C arctic blast to bring deep freeze [ANALYSIS]Search operations underway as plane crashes into English Channel [INSIGHT] The Liberal Democrats’ Carshalton & Wallington Gazette, which has circulated around a London constituency which they lost to the Tories in the 2019 General Election, features the Prime Minister alongside Chancellor Rishi Sunak as the party leads their attack against the Tories over the Government’s “out of touch” response to the cost of living crisis. However, a Tory councillor said: “I haven’t seen all 17 ward leaflets yet and there will be multiple leaflets [but] I can’t imagine Boris to be excluded.” David Campbell-Bannerman, a former UKIP and Tory MEP who supported Mr Johnson in both the 2016 and 2019 Conservative leadership contests, defended the Prime Minister’s electoral record but also claimed local election campaigns tend to focus on local issues. He told Express.co.uk: “Boris Johnson is a great electoral asset. “But he’s not a local councillor; and these elections are about local issues: potholes; local council tax, litter, dog mess. “I have been campaigning in Norwich a number of times. “Of course, Boris is mentioned; and many do like him - an older gent yesterday told me that he likes Boris because he is ‘human’. “People can relate to Boris and that has been proven to be a major asset to us in far more than just the Red Wall seats.”