Marine Le Pen has lost to Emmanuel Macron with the highest share of votes she has ever got in the second round of the French presidential election. The polls leading up to the election showed a narrowing gap between the two candidates. Far-right candidate Le Pen has closed the gap with 41.4 percent of the votes compared to 33 percent in 2017. Given the tight results, Macron’s re-election is “lousy”, mocks Le Pen’s father Jean-Marie Le Pen. Jean-Marie Le Pen said on his own YouTube channel: “In the second round now, we must note the victory of Marine. Well, a victory in defeat. “But a victory that may be lousy (for Macron) and a glorious defeat (for Le Pen). “In this case, with almost 42 percent of the votes in the second round, that is, 13 million French voters who put their trust in Marine.” With a chuckle, Mr Le Pen added: “And in Marine Le Pen. I say both things because one cannot go without the other in my mind.” Looking ahead, Jean-Marie Le Pen said: “I think we have to draw the consequences for the future and organise ourselves and in particular for the legislative elections.  “There, I think there is a problem of method, which is necessary to maintain an atmosphere of national cooperation, so to speak.  “It is full proportional representation in the Constitution. Full proportional candidacies based on the figures obtained during the presidential elections.” The far-right National Rally Party has never traditionally won more than dozens of the 577 seats in the French parliament. If France adopted a full proportional representation, the National Rally would have the second-highest number of seats and become the opposition. The National Rally currently holds eight seats. READ MORE: Macron pelted with tomatoes as French fury erupts at President Marine Le Pen kicked out her own father, founder and former leader of the National Rally, from the party to distance herself and the party away from his controversial stances. Jean-Marie Le Pen was accused and convicted at home and abroad of xenophobia and anti-Semitism. Because of his radical views, his opponents dubbed him the “Devil of the Republic”. He failed in his five bids to become President of the Republic but qualified for the second round of the 2002 French elections. He lost with 17.8 percent of the votes. DON'T MISS: EU crumbling as 'liberal Europhile left' turns back on bloc [ANALYSIS]Putin's body language: Two chilling reasons leader sits at long table [INSIGHT]'Resist!' Emmanuel Macron faces backlash as he launches digital ID [ANALYSIS] Parties from across the board are now trying to form coalitions in a bid to gain a majority in Parliament, which would allow them either to obstruct President Macron or govern with him.  “And I think that from there, with a general spirit of offensive agreement, we can have remarkable results and prevent, or at least slow down, if not better, the decline of France that Mr Macron is leading with a master's hand, if I may say so.” The legislative elections are scheduled to be held on June 12 and 19. According to the latest polls, Macron’s party is set to win a majority. His party holds 280 seats.