Manchester United's incoming boss Erik ten Hag must give Harry Maguire a "second chance" at the club, according to Gabriel Agbonlahor. Maguire has received plenty of criticism this season but the former Aston Villa skipper says much of it has been undeserved. The England international has started 27 Premier League matches this term but could miss the remainder of the campaign with a knee injury. He has been one of many in the United squad to have underperformed this term. The Manchester Evening News claims Ten Hag will sign a new centre-back this summer. There is also a chance he could strip Maguire of the club captaincy. But Agbonlahor admits he feels sorry for the £80million defender. And when asked if he should get a "second chance", he agreed. READ MORE: Klopp uses five words to sum up new Liverpool contract as FSG share private chat  Agbonlahor said on talkSPORT: "Do you know what it is with Harry Maguire? I actually feel sorry for him because I feel like a lot of people now jump on the bandwagon, social media. "There are videos coming in from England [training] where they're doing the rondo boxes and he makes a mistake and everyone's laughing and it's being retweeted. That's the bad thing about social media that players will see. "But I think that the amount of poor performers in that Manchester United team, some of them are getting away with murder. And Harry Maguire is the one that everyone wants to say 'oh it's Harry's fault'. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer [GOSSIP]Man Utd may be about to sign their own 'Xavi and Andres Iniesta' for Erik ten Hag [COMMENT]Mino Raiola 'in a bad position' in hospital as reps deny football super-agent has died [NEWS]  "I'd give him another chance, give him another chance to prove like he did for England in the Euros, that form that we know he can produce." Maguire discussed his form this season earlier this month. He claimed he could not have been performing that badly to be still a regular for United. Maguire told Sky Sports: "This season I've had some bad games, but I wouldn't be playing every game for Manchester United in the starting 11 if I'd been playing bad every game. "There's a reason why both managers have put me in the starting 11 every game. It's what I bring to the team, what I bring to the starting 11 , but I do also understand that I'm the captain of this club, I cost a lot of money and when things aren't going well and we're conceding too many goals, I'm going to get criticised."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here