The launching of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine more than a month ago appeared overnight to push coverage about ‘Partygate’ from the top to the bottom of the agenda. But reports of the gears being shifted to an electoral mode in Downing Street suggest the Prime Minister believes anger over reports of lockdown rule-breaking at Number 10 to be a shelved rather than a closed matter. This, combined with the expected backlash against rising living costs, which the Chancellor’s Spring Statement failed to bat down, has reportedly got some Tories bracing for an embarrassing set of local elections next month. ‘Partygate’ certainly appears to be creeping back into the public eye, with the Metropolitan Police this week starting to dish out 20 fines following their investigation. One Minister told Tim Shipman of the Sunday Times: “It feels like the calm before the storm, Boris’s Phoney War. Churchill’s ended in May as well.” In a bid to keep this storm at bay, the paper reports Mr Johnson has this week held a number of sessions to tighten new policy proposals and to get the key figures ‘on side’. He kicked the week off by discussing the next steps with his closest, most senior advisers. On Tuesday, the Prime Minister hosted a dinner for Tory MPs at Park Plaza hotel, where he is reported to have joked about the “elastic members” who earlier this year called for his resignation. This did not go down as well as might have been hoped, with one MP responding: “He isn’t out of the woods yet. Elastic has a way of going back in. It is unfinished business.” On policy, meetings are understood to have been held in which new plans for off-shore wind farms were laid down, as well as plans to allow onshore wind farms if communities around them see bills reduce as a result. Other measures which are less likely to pass through the House of Commons are also looking likely to be dropped from the forthcoming Queen’s Speech, “in a bid to satisfy MPs”, according to Mr Shipman. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Project Fear dismantled by Dover port boss Number 10 believes these steps, among others, are necessary because of fears about the loss of key seats in upcoming local elections. One aide said: “The internal numbers suggest it will be a dire nightmare in May. “It’s the most downbeat I’ve seen people about polling in a long time.” DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] It is expected the numbers will be worse still when more ‘Partygate’ fines are issued. The Labour Party appears unsurprisingly set to jump on this issue when campaigning is in full swing for the elections. An insider suggested leaflets could say: “X number of people died of Covid in this area while Boris Johnson and his aides partied.” Attempts by the Conservative Party to embroil in its own ‘Partygate’-esque scandal after Sir Keir Starmer was spotted drinking a bottle of beer in an office while some restrictions were in place did not appear to stick, suggesting Labour will not fear going full-throttle with rhetoric around Tory rule breaking. Voting in the local elections will take place on May 5.