Mr Trump and Mrs Clinton faced off in the 2016 US Presidential Election, but despite the ex-Secretary of State leading the way in most pre-election opinion polls, the 45th President defied the odds to win the race to 270 electoral college votes. Mr Trump's triumph also came even though he lost the popular vote by almost three million ballots. The 45th President had submitted a 108-page lawsuit against Hillary Clinton and others in March to a district court in Florida. The document alleged Mrs Clinton was guilty of "racketeering" and a "conspiracy to commit injurious falsehood". It also stated Mr Trump's Democratic opponents had devised an "unthinkable plot" to "weave a false narrative" to "cripple Trump's bid for presidency", all of which supposedly raked up $24million in expenses. A filing obtained by Axios showed Mrs Clinton "vigorously denies" the allegations made by Mr Trump but also claimed the 45th President "fails to plead any cognisable legal causes of action". Attorneys working on behalf of Mrs Clinton also wrote in their motion to dismiss the case: "Whatever the utility of Plaintiff’s Complaint as a fundraising tool, a press release, or a list of political grievances, it has no merit as a lawsuit, and should be dismissed with prejudice." JUST IN: Parachuters heading to sport stadium stir 'probable threat' evacuation alert in US Capitol They suggested the delay in Mr Trump's case had been "untimely". The document claimed: "But notwithstanding his rousing, all-caps call to action, Plaintiff waited four years, four months, and twenty-four days before filing suit." However, in attacking Mr Trump's complaint, Clinton's lawyers declared the "only factually supported allegations concerning Clinton in the lengthy Complaint" is the date the ex-First Lady announced she would enter the race to become Commander-in-Chief. They added: "At most, [Trump] alleges that other entities sought to further Clinton’s candidacy and, after the election, politically opposed [Trump's] administration. "This is conduct plainly protected by the First Amendment, and there is nothing unlawful about engagement in political activity." READ MORE: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off interview with 'dishonest' Piers Morgan Mr Trump's complaint said: "In the run-up to the 2016 presidential election, Hillary Clinton and her cohorts orchestrated an unthinkable plot – one that shocks the conscience and is an affront to this nation’s democracy. "Acting in concert, the defendants maliciously conspired to weave a false narrative that their Republican opponent, Donald J Trump, was colluding with a hostile foreign sovereignty." It added: "The actions taken in furtherance of their scheme – falsifying evidence, deceiving law enforcement, and exploiting access to highly-sensitive data sources – are so outrageous, subversive and incendiary that even the events of Watergate pale in comparison." The case against Mrs Clinton and others comes as the 45th President continues to flirt with running in the 2024 US Presidential Election. Mr Trump missed out on re-election in 2020 after losing several key swing states to Joe Biden.