Manchester United will have to pay a fee in the region of £54million to sign Christopher Nkunku from RB Leipzig this summer, according to reports. The France international has been in outstanding form this season, scoring 17 Bundesliga goals from 30 matches. And he’s rumoured to be a priority target for the Red Devils ahead of the Erik ten Hag era. Manchester United are set to splash the cash this summer as they look to rebuild under Ten Hag following a chastening season under both Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And reports have suggested they’re eying Nkunku, who could leave Leipzig at the end of the campaign. The France international has been in stunning form over the course of the campaign, performing at the peak of his powers to enhance his reputation as one of world football’s best young players. And Bild say Leipzig have set a price for the Frenchman which is believed to be in the region of £54m. If United choose to pay that, he’ll become the sixth most-expensive signing in their entire history. Angel Di Maria set them back £59m upon moving from Real Madrid back in 2014, when Louis van Gaal took charge. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Jadon Sancho cost a fee of £73m when he touched down from Borussia Dortmund last year, with Solskjaer behind the deal. Romelu Lukaku’s move to United was brokered for a fee £75m in 2017, with the Belgian then spending just two years on their books. And Harry Maguire and Paul Pogba, who have both been poor throughout this season, set them back roughly £80m and £89m each in 2019 and 2016 respectively. With Nkunku, however, the Red Devils could get bang for their buck. He represents the speedy, energetic sort of player that Ten Hag will want when he gets his Old Trafford reign started. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players However, they’re not the only club eyeing the Paris Saint-Germain star. AC Milan have also been accredited with an interest as the Serie A titans prepare to play in the Champions League next season. As well as Nkunku, they’re also targeting Sebastian Haller and Nicolo Zaniolo as they look to build another dynasty at the San Siro. Yet United, even if they miss out on the top four, will be hopeful their financial muscle sees them win the race instead - though AC Milan’s imminent takeover could sway the pendulum their way instead. Speaking in February, the player was coy on his long-term future at the Red Bull Arena. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "A lot can happen between now and the summer," said Nkunku, who is under contract until 2024. "It would be disrespectful to the club to think about it now. “At the end of the season, I will sit down with the club, with my advisor and my family and make a decision, Regarding Ten Hag, Arsenal icon Ray Parlour thinks United fans should be ‘very excited’ about his imminent arrival. “There’s a lot of problems at Manchester United,” he said. “You’ve seen over the years it’s a massive club and one of the biggest clubs in the world and there’s been real problems. “They should be near enough like Man City and Liverpool at the moment, but they’re not. There’s a problem somewhere along the line. “Here’s gone in and said recruitment is wrong, this is wrong and that is wrong and he’s totally right. That’s fantastic for Manchester United to hear that. “If you are a supporter, you’d be very excited about him maybe getting the job. There may be a five-year period where they have to get back, get people at the club, get the right people in. “They’ve got the money to do it and they should be competing for the Premier League in three to five years.”