Fans of the popular ITV show The Bay were anxious at first when they heard the lead character, family liaison officer DS Lisa Armstrong (played by Morven Christie) was stepping away from the show. After her departure at the end of season two, DS Jenn Townsend (Marsha Thomason) stepped in to take over, and immediately fans warmed to her. Co-star Daniel Ryan, who plays DI Tony Manning has spoken out about how the series is "more than a cop show" and that even with a new cast, it is still a hit.  Although no set date has been released for the premiere of season four, Daniel revealed how excited he is for the next outing of the show. He said: "We start series four in June, and I'll be coming straight off this play onto season four. "Marsha Thomason proved that the show can survive a change of cast. "A big change of cast, she did brilliantly, she is brilliant, we love her." Read More: 'British public don't want them' Lady C warns Meghan and Harry will be 'booed' on return    Chatting exclusively to Express.co.uk while in rehearsals for the West End play, Middle, the star let slip that some of the narratives from the previous season will continue into the next instalment. He continued: "It's so nice to be able to come back, especially knowing there is a really nice arc for my character, that the storyline was going to carry on. "Last year, it looked like we tied up Manning's problems in his relationship, but there might still be further to go." In season two, Tony's wife, Ellen Manning (Kerrie Taylor), broke her husband's heart when she asked for a divorce.    Daniel also praised the writers and creatives of the show for giving viewers a glimpse into the police officers' personal lives as well. He added: "For me playing Tony Manning, I have been given a wonderful storyline outside of the police station which bleeds in from time to time. "For me, it then takes it away from being 'just a cop in a TV cop show'. "It has always felt so much more than that. The consistent seven million-plus people we get watching it, and now I'm getting contacted quite a lot from the United States as people are watching it over there on BritBox. DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC after just two series [LATEST]‘People will look at you!’ Eamonn Holmes wades into row as UK countryside branded racist [LATEST]'You weren't in cabinet' Boris slaps down TalkTV's Tom in tense cost of living probe [LATEST]  "It has grown and grown in popularity and reach, and you could never have thought that could have happened." Swapping the small screen for the stage for his current project, Daniel is working on a two-person play called Middle, which is being performed at the National Theatre in London. The play follows the sold-out runs of play Beginning at the National Theatre. Writer David Eldridge and director Polly Findlay reunite for this raw, touching and funny portrait of a 21st-century marriage. Although many fans will recognise the actor from his time on TV, he has worked with some of the leading theatre companies in the country. On his stage career, Daniel said: "My whole career has been peppered with theatre.  