Aldi introduced a new bakery item to its shelves earlier this week, but shoppers quickly noticed its similarity to a popular sandwich shop found on the high street. While some believe the branding is “perfect” others claim the bread roll isn’t as good as the original. With the cost of living crisis underway, shoppers are finding alternative ways to still eat the food they love, but without paying the prices. One popular sandwich store Subway now faces competition from Aldi who have launched their Metro Rolls. The bread roll is baked in Britain, contains seven grains and comes in a multipack. They are available to buy in-store for just 89p. READ MORE: Public offered finders fee as Lidl plots expansion Aldi customer Nicola Atkinson shared a photo of the new product on the Extreme Couponing and Bargains Facebook group. She wrote: "New in Aldi... Subway dupe bread rolls cheese & herb, wholegrain & Italian style on 89p pkt." Stacey Retter wrote: "I bought a couple of packs the other day, they are lovely." Tricia Brewis said: "Can do a cheat Subway." Dani Robinson said: "Oh yes, this is definitely going on the meal plan next week. I love subway." Donna Frost added: "I tried these made our own subways. The Italian was lovely. The cheese and herb was OK it not my fav." DON'T MISS...Simon Calder shares passport rules to travel to Europe [VIDEO]Weight loss: Woman shed 3st by focusing on portion control [INTERVIEW]Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress [PICTURES] Tricia Brewis said: "Can do a cheat Subway." Dani Robinson commented: "Oh yes, this is definitely going on the meal plan next week. I love subway." While some were excited to recreate their favourite sandwiches at home, others called out the supermarket for its branding. One tweet read: "Audacity queens @AldiUK bringing out 'Metro' rolls as part of their new bread products which have absolutely no likeness to Subway whatsoever.”  Dani Robinson commented: "Oh yes, this is definitely going on the meal plan next week. I love subway." While some were excited to recreate their favourite sandwiches at home, others called out the supermarket for its branding. One tweet read: Audacity queens @AldiUK bringing out 'Metro' rolls as part of their new bread products which have absolutely no likeness to Subway whatsoever.” Lee Picken commented: “@AldiUK are at it again with there knock off subway rolls ‘metro rolls’ Very good by the way.” Sarah added: “Today my husband informed me that Aldi are doing a knock-off Subway bread range called Metro and that is just such a perfect name for it!” Lee Picken commented: “@AldiUK are at it again with there knock off subway rolls ‘metro rolls’ Very good by the way.” Sarah added: “Today my husband informed me that Aldi are doing a knock-off Subway bread range called Metro and that is just such a perfect name for it!” Donna-Marie Coogan said: "Metro rolls. They have no shame! I love it." Aldi retweeted a shopper’s photo of Metro Rolls and commented: “At it again with delicious original products you mean.” An average six-inch Subway tuna sandwich costs £4.99. The Aldi bread rolls cost 45p each - while a tin of tuna is 66p. To make a fake Subway at home with these ingredients would cost a little over £1 - depending on what toppings you want, of course. That makes a saving of £4 each time, and if the switch was made regularly, families could save hundreds of pounds each year.