When Prime Ministers feel threatened by a Cabinet colleague they're sent to the Foreign Office where they are often out of the country, unable to build popularity at home. Or at least that was always the accepted narrative in Westminster. How could an MP possibly gather momentum for a leadership bid when they are always travelling the world? Theresa May found out that is not always the case. She appointed Mr Johnson as her Foreign Secretary in a bid to suppress his popularity, only for him to go on and replace her in the top job. And now Mr Johnson himself is seeing the incumbent of the post prosper. As Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is going from strength to strength, securing her popularity among grassroot Tory supporters. READ MORE: Boris and Truss to unveil masterplan to shred hated Brexit deal Since Mr Johnson promoted her to the role last September she has delivered results at an impressive rate. She secured the release of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe from Iran, has shown inner steel at standing up to Vladimir Putin and Sergei Lavrov over the Ukraine invasion, and has put negotiations with the EU over the Northern Ireland Protocol back on a more even footing (although here she is yet to secure the changes so desired by Unionists). The latest league table of ministers' popularity among the Tory grassroots produced by the website Conservative Home puts Ms Truss in fourth place, behind Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawim and Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan. She has barely seen her high popularity shift since taking on her current brief. DON'T MISS:Liz Truss deploys £1BN hammer blow to luxury Russian goods [UPDATE]Voters want Green taxes on energy bills scrapped [INSIGHT]Tories – appreciate what you have, says PATRICK O'FLYNN [COMMENT] Popular, competent, and leading the response to Ukraine, the South West Norfolk MP has made herself indispensable to the Prime Minister. It is unlikely that in any upcoming Cabinet reshuffle - such as the one being touted to take place next month - that Ms Truss can be replaced without causing a stir. No one in Westminster expects her to be moved to a new role. However, her sustained popularity is in contrast to her main rival for a future Tory leadership bid. Chancellor Rishi Sunak has seen his popularity plummet as the cost of living crisis hits Britons hard. Polling shows he is now at his most unpopular since taking on the role in spring 2020. With energy bills set to rise again in October, and no sign of an end to the rampant inflation shackling the country, his fortunes look set to only get worse in the months ahead. But he too looks safe in his job. Last week Mr Johnson pledged Mr Suank would still be in charge at the Treasury to deliver the autumn Budget. If he keeps Ms Truss and Mr Suank in their current roles after any coming reshuffle, Mr Johnson may indirectly play a key role in determining who is his successor: Ms Truss's popularity will likely continue to be on the up, with Mr Suank's continuing to be on the down.