Gary Lineker has jokingly threatened to block the Match of the Day Twitter account following Leicester's draw at Manchester United. Former Leicester striker Lineker was not happy with the Foxes goal which was disallowed at Old Trafford. James Maddison thought he had put his side into the lead in the 80th minute. However, VAR instructed referee Andre Marriner to consult the pitchside monitor due to a suspected foul in the build up. Marriner concurred that Kelechi Iheanacho had fouled Raphael Varane and he ruled out the goal. Lineker initially made his feelings clear on the decision, writing: "Oh do me a favour". After the match, the MOTD Twitter account posted a still image of Iheanacho's foul on Varane, asking followers if they agreed. However, the show's presenter Lineker took exception to the tweet. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has four glaring problems to solve after Brentford loss  He wrote: "Showing stills to determine decisions is a blockable offence." Lineker again made his point later in the evening. After viewing the incident on MOTD, he said: "Just look at it in normal speed. You can look at stills of offsides, that's obvious. "But stills and very slow motion are very misleading. You can argue it was a foul but is it a clear and obvious error. Anyway, I'm biased." DON'T MISSTottenham star Matt Doherty shares how Jose Mourinho almost made him quit club [QUOTES]Liverpool star Diogo Jota silences Jamie Redknapp after headed goal in Watford win [REACTION]Man Utd likely to do four things in potential Erik ten Hag announcement [COMMENT]  Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers accused Varane of using his experience to get the goal chalked off. Rodgers told Sky Sports: "Raphael Varane has used his experience, he gets the contact and goes down. "There were opportunities for them to clear it but we were deserving of that. Every week we are seeing these types of actions, we felt we deserved to win the game." Maddison also disagreed with the decision but expected the worst when Marriner was advised to review the incident. The midfielder said:  “The disallowed goal is one of them – you see them given and you see them not given.  "I’m obviously going to be biased and say it’s not a foul. As soon as he goes over to the monitor you know. “I saw Varane go down. The way he went down I thought it was a twist injury. As soon as the referee went to the monitor I knew something was going to happen that was going to spoil my party." Iheanacho had given Leicester the lead in the second half before Fred swiftly equalised for the hosts.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here