The Kardashians have been making headlines for more than a decade and show no signs of stopping anytime soon. Last year, it was believed their time in front of the camera as part of an ongoing reality show was over when the family decided to take a step back from Keeping Up with the Kardashians. However, they proved this not to be the case just a matter of months later with the announcement of the new series, The Kardashians. Much like the original reality show on E! and Hayu, The Kardashians will follow the everyday lives of mum Kris Jenner, along with daughters Kourtney, Kim, Khloé and their half-sisters Kendall and Kylie Jenner. The series will be divulging what has been going on over the past year, including Kim's new relationship with comedian Pete Davidson. She was famously married to rapper Kanye West who she has three children with but the TV personality filed for divorce last year. The Kardashians will show the early stages of their romance and the moment he is welcomed into the family. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry Rather than E! and Hayu, this time around, this Kardashian-led show will be on streaming services Hulu and Disney+. The description for the reality series reads: "The family you know, and love is here with a brand new series, giving an all-access pass into their lives. "Kris, Kourtney, Kim, Khloé, Kendall and Kylie bring the cameras back to reveal the truth behind the headlines. "From the intense pressures of running billion-dollar businesses to the hilarious joys of playtime and school drop-offs, this series brings viewers into the fold with a rivetingly honest story of love and life in the spotlight." The Kardashians will premiere on Thursday, April 14, on Disney+ in the UK. Depending on viewers' geographical location in the world, The Kardashians is going to be ready to watch at different times. While the premiere episode will be dropped at the same moment, thanks to the different time zones, the time itself will vary. Disney+ UK will release the debut episode of The Kardashians at 8am BST (British Summer Time). As the majority of the rest of Europe is around one hour ahead of the UK, they should expect The Kardashians at 9am. While UK fans will be able to watch the show on Disney+, it will be a different story for US viewers. They are going to have to catch up on all the drama through the American streaming service Hulu. The Kardashians will premiere on April 14 on Hulu just after midnight ET (Eastern Time). DON'T MISS...'You owe your lifestyle to oil!' Richard Madeley slams ego activist [REACTION]How to watch The Kardashians in the UK [EXPLAINER]Obi-Wan Kenobi release date: Disney delays premiere to rival Netflix [RELEASE DATE] The Kardashians is going to be made up of 10 episodes in total with just the first coming out on this release date. A new instalment will then be dropped every Thursday on Disney+ and Hulu. As long as there are no delays, the grand finale should come out on Thursday, June 16. The Kardashians premieres on Thursday, April 14, on Hulu in America and Disney+ in the UK. This article contains some affiliate links, which means we may receive a commission on any sales of products or services we write about. This article was written completely independently.