 Broadcaster Tonia Buxton joined Mike Graham on his TalkRadio show on Thursday as the pair discussed Prince Harry's admission that he wasn't sure whether he would be returning to the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Tonia and Mike were incensed by the Duke of Sussex’s revelation and blasted the Queen’s grandson over his recent secret visit to the UK.     At the Invictus Games, Harry spoke with Today’s Hoda Kotb from the American network NBC. He admitted he wasn’t sure whether he would be present at the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations due to “security” concerns. Tonia vented: “I am heartbroken for the Queen because her grandson is a pathetic, weak, dull and coming across an increasingly very dim young man.” “He’s not too bright is he?” TalkRadio’s Mike quipped. Read more: Aussie TV hosts savages Meghan Markle as the 'Yoko Ono' of the royals     “He isn’t,” she agreed. “And that’s another thing when you see these interviews and see his answers and watch the way he responds, he has no self-awareness and he does seem to be very dim.” “I don’t wish to jump to conclusions but you and I know a thing or two about relationships in the world and it seems to me he’s been manipulated by Meghan,” Mike swiped. “But by Meghan and the publicity she receives in America because ultimately they need the royal title and the Queen in order to have any credit,” Tonia continued. “Their money is based on them being royals which they are no longer and so they’re cashing in on it.     “To come in for a secret meeting after not seeing your grandmother for two years. “Also, why didn’t they bring Lilibet?” Tonia questioned. “The Queen hasn’t met the child that was named after her.” TalkRadio listeners were divided over Tonia and Mike’s discussion about the Duke of Sussex. @realRichardCase tweeted: “The problem is the royal family are a dysfunctional family and I came from a dysfunctional background. It’s very difficult to comment without knowing the full story and what’s going on behind the scenes.” DON'T MISS'Incredibly tactile' Meghan and Harry's unusual public interaction [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan makes brutal Meghan Markle and President Putin comparison [TWITTER]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'pushed out' Royal Family  [VIDEO] prince harry  @boggywood remarked: “He's almost 40 for crying out loud and behaving like a spoiled brat.” “Why does he share everything…he just can’t help himself,” @O15000211Owen shared. @just__dec argued: “Leave him alone, this is why they f****d off. To get away from all that nonsense, he literally just saw his nan the other day. Made a special stop to see her.” Harry and Meghan Markle recently met with the Queen as they stopped over in the UK while on their way to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games.     Prior to this visit, the couple hadn’t been in the UK together since they stepped down from the Royal Family two years ago. Harry attended Prince Philip’s funeral in April last year but a heavily pregnant Meghan was advised against the trip by doctors. The Duke of Sussex returned to the UK again in July 2021 for the unveiling of a statue of his mother Princess Diana with his brother Prince William. TalkTV launches on Monday, April 25 on Sky 526, Virgin Media 627, Freeview 237 and Freesat 217. 