French journalist Marion Van Renterghem has insisted that Presidential hopeful Marine Le Pen "wants to take France out of the EU and NATO" once she comes into power. The nationalist politician succeeded in making it through to the second round of the French presidential election runoff on April 24 against Emmanuel Macron. Ms Van Renterghem told Channel 4: "This is a huge I mean, because, you know, Marine LePen has a hidden programme. "She said in 2017 that she would leave the European Union and leave the euro. "Finally she realised that it was not a paying thing for her and she turned it down and said no, okay, I will stay in the EU. "But it's not true because if you read carefully our programme, she wants to leave the EU she wants to leave the NATO." She added: "I read the programme carefully and what it says means that in the end, she will leave the European Union." It comes as President Macron and Ms Le Pen qualified on Sunday for what promises to be a very tightly fought presidential election runoff on April 24, pitting a pro-European economic liberal against a far-right nationalist. With partial results putting Macron in first place ahead of Le Pen after the first-round voting, other major candidates admitted defeat. Except for another far-right candidate, Eric Zemmour, they all urged voters to block the far-right in the second round. But after five years in power in which his abrasive style has upset many, while Le Pen succeeded in softening her image, Macron will not be able to count on voters' traditional anti-far right front. "Nothing is decided, and the battle we will wage in the next 15 days will be decisive for France and Europe," Macron told supporters, urging all voters to rally behind him on April 24th to stop the far-right from ruling the European Union's second-largest economy. Ifop pollsters predicted a very tight runoff, with 51% for Macron and 49% for Le Pen. The gap is so tight that victory either way is within the margin of error. Other pollsters offered a slightly bigger margin in favour of Macron, with up to 54%. But that was in any case much narrower than in 2017, when Macron beat Le Pen with 66.1% of the votes. Le Pen, who had eaten into Macron's once-commanding 10-point poll lead in recent weeks thanks to a campaign focused on cost-of-living issues said she was the one to protect the weak and unite a nation tired of its elite. DON'T MISS...BBC Weather: Brits brace for gusty winds and blustery rain  [WEATHER]Dan Walker 'to pocket £1.5m' as Channel 5 deal could promise quiz show [LATEST]BBC Breakfast guest on Rishi Sunak debate 'Two chancellors' [UPDATE] "What will be at stake on April 24 is a choice of society, a choice of civilisation," she told supporters, who chanted "We will win!" as she told them: "I will bring order back to France." Macron, meanwhile, told supporters waving French and EU flags: "The only project that is credible to help purchasing power is ours." A Le Pen victory on April 24 would be a similar jolt to the establishment as Britain's Brexit vote to leave the European Union (EU) or Donald Trump's 2017 entry into the White House. While Le Pen has ditched past ambitions for a "Frexit" or to haul France out of the euro zone's single currency, she envisages the EU as a mere alliance of sovereign states.