Johnny Depp broke down during the most recent sitting of his court case against his ex-wife Amber Heard as a recording of the Aquaman star begging her ex-husband not to cut himself was played. The Drive Angry actress, 36, could be heard pleading with the Pirates of the Caribbean star, 58, not to use a "dull and dirty" knife to "cut his skin" with, as Depp broke down and wiped away tears as he took to the stand for the third day. The clip was played to the court as evidence during the $50 million court case that Depp had brought against his ex-wife for defamation. According to Depp's testimony, the recording was from July 2016, two months after they filed for divorce. In the audio, Heard was begging the Fantastic Beasts actor to "put the f***ing knife down". Depp could be heard asking Heard whether she wanted to cut him, giving her the option of his "arm or chest." READ MORE: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore Heard replied: "Don't cut your skin, please do not cut your skin. Why would I do that?" she asked him. Depp replied: "It's easy," as Heard said, "Please don't, do not do that, please don't cut yourself. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor responded: "I need to do what I want," as Heard replied, "I know." Depp could be heard saying: "Cut me, if you don't I will." The Aquaman actress was heard telling the actor "don't" and begging him not to as he raised his voice and repeatedly yelled "cut." "I would never cut you, I would never do that to you," she could be heard saying. Later in the recording, Heard was heard begging him not to cut himself, adding: "Put the knife down! Just put the f***ing knife down." "I know you're in pain, but stop," Heard said to her ex-husband. DON'T MISS...Sharon Osbourne and Piers Morgan row over Johnny Depp amid court case [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan makes brutal Meghan Markle and President Putin comparison [ANALYSIS]Stacey Solomon issues apology over 'unrelatable' swimming pool update [UPDATE] He replied: "There's a way for the pain to go away. Heard hit back: "It doesn't make it go away, trust me, I do know, it doesn't make it go away," before sobbing could be heard in the background. In court, Depp broke down, placing his head in his hand before wiping away tears. In the audio, Heard went on: "That knife is really dull and it would be the worst thing in the world to use to cut me with. It would be too painful and dull and dirty to use." "No! No, please do not, do not, don't... you're going to hurt yourself. "Don't!" Heard said loudly, before telling the actor, "It's ok," and begging with him to "stop." Series of bangs could be heard from the recording. "Don't hurt yourself please," before a crash could be heard and the clip ended. Heard has not yet taken to the stand in the court case.