Golf takes centre stage this Thursday as the Masters returns at Augusta National – a competition with a rich history of truly special moments. Over the years, there have been many highlights to choose from. Adam Scott’s remarkable six-iron shot at the 10th that paved his way to glory in 2013, Jack Nicklaus’ record-breaking winning score of 271 that stood for 32 years, and of course that memorable Greg Norman collapse. But there is an avalanche of others to choose from. Here, Express Sport looks back at some of those moments that make the inaugural major of the year what it is. The world looked on in disbelief as Tiger Woods completed one of the greatest sporting comebacks of all time to win his fifth Masters title in 2019. Eighteen months earlier, Woods had admitted that he may never play a game of professional golf again after undergoing his fourth back surgery. Fast forward two years and he was donning the famous green jacket in his first major victory since the US Open in 2008. The short putt on the 18th hole sent the crowd into a frenzy as Woods let out a roar of triumph that could be heard right across Georgia. He embraced his caddie, Joe LaCava, then his son, Charlie, fist-pumping and smiling all the way to the scoring area. A moment that will never be forgotten. JUST IN: McIlroy raises Tiger Woods 'question' but backs him to play Masters Lee Elder did not win the Masters, but he won the hearts of golf fans around the world. With his opening tee shot in 1975, he became the first black man to play in the tournament, opening the door for many players of minority ethnic descent. Yet despite Elder’s monumental step toward inclusivity in the sport, Augusta wouldn't open membership up to black players for another 15 years. After facing death threats so serious that he rented two houses near the course, and never went out in public alone, it was incredible that Elder even made the tee that day - but he did and inspired a generation in doing so. In an interview with the Golf channel, Tiger Woods said: “Lee Elder meant a lot to me because he was the first. He was the one that I looked up to and because of what he did, I was able to play and to live my dream.” Twenty-five years ago, Tiger Woods did something many golf fans never saw coming as he broke Jack Nicklaus’ 17-under par 271 total to claim his first Masters title. In 1996 he had won both the PGA Rookie of the Year and the Sports Illustrated Sportsman of the Year honours and looked poised to take the golf world by storm the following April. But few saw him making the impact that he did. DON'T MISS:Tiger Woods' inner circle had 'same belief' as Rory McIlroy on MastersBrooks Koepka snatches fan's phone in heated exchangePhil Mickelson's PGA rivals' opinion of his Saudi Golf League remarks Not only would Woods break Nicklaus’ record which had stood since 1965 with an 18-under par 270, but he also became the youngest Masters winner (21 years, three months, and 14 days old) and the first non-white player to win at Augusta. The victory became a defining chapter in the story of one of the greatest sportsmen of all time. Prior to 2004, Phil Mickelson had seven top-10 finishes from eleven appearances at the Masters, finishing no worse than seventh for the previous five years. But that year things would be different. Winless in his previous 46 major starts, Mickelson sunk an 18-foot birdie putt to win the 68th Masters Tournament by a shot. The putt was followed by a leap that barely lifted from the ground but remains iconic to this day. As he walked into his news conference an hour later, he pointed to his gleaming smile and then to his green jacket and said: "This and this are not going anywhere, baby." He would follow his performance two years later with a win in 2006, and again in 2010. An incredible achievement for a man who up to that point had often fallen short at the final hurdle. At the age of 46, Jack Nicklaus won his sixth Masters title in challenging circumstances, 11 years after his last in 1975. For eight holes Nicklaus was treading water. His often-formidable putting game let him down in the early portions and he was well back. But at hole 13, a two-putt birdie became the turning point and, after a sensational run, he took the lead at the 17th. At the 18th only Greg Norman and Tom Kite could catch him. Kite missed a birdie putt which would have tied Nicklaus, while Norman’s 4-iron sailed wide into the gallery and he was unable to recover. Nicklaus took home his final Masters on the Sunday, becoming the oldest tournament winner in the process.