Harry Maguire could reportedly miss the remainder of the season with a knee injury. The defender's future at Manchester United is in doubt and it is now plausible he could have played his final game for the club. United interim boss Ralf Rangnick claimed at a press conference on Wednesday that Maguire's injury was not a big issue. Speaking ahead of the visit of Chelsea on Thursday, Rangnick said: "Harry Maguire is not available tomorrow, he has some issues with his knee. "Not a big thing, a niggle with his knee. He didn't train yesterday nor today." However, the Mail claims Maguire is in a fight to be fit before the end of the campaign. United have four Premier League fixtures remaining against Chelsea, Brentford, Brighton and Crystal Palace. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag has already made an exciting transfer request to Man Utd board  The report adds that the future of the £80million centre-back will be under scrutiny come the summer. Incoming United boss Erik ten Hag will target a new central defender in his first transfer window in charge, to further add doubt to Maguire's longevity at Old Trafford. The 29-year-old was dropped for last Saturday's 3-1 defeat at Arsenal, which was likely the final nail in the coffin of their top-four hopes. Maguire has also had his troubles off the pitch. He reportedly received an email which threatened to bomb his family home last week. Security has been increased at Maguire's house in Cheshire and his family have been put up in a safe house. Maguire joined United from Leicester in 2019 and is close to making 150 appearances for the club. He was appointed club captain just six months after his arrival following Ashley Young's departure to Inter Milan. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag ‘pushes Man Utd’ into exploring free agent transfer this summer [REPORT]Mohamed Salah leaving Liverpool could deliver huge blow to Erik ten Hag's Man Utd plans [TRANSFERS]Barcelona identify third summer transfer as vultures descend on Erik ten Hag's Ajax side [GOSSIP]  However, he has been a constant figure for criticism in the last two seasons and the knee injury is a miserable end to his campaign. In an interview earlier this month, Maguire hit out at his critics. He claimed he would not have been a regular starter for United if his performances were as bad as some have made out. He told Sky Sports: "This season I've had some bad games, but I wouldn't be playing every game for Manchester United in the starting 11 if I'd been playing bad every game. "There's a reason why both managers have put me in the starting 11 every game. It's what I bring to the team, what I bring to the starting 11 , but I do also understand that I'm the captain of this club, I cost a lot of money and when things aren't going well and we're conceding too many goals, I'm going to get criticised." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 