Residents in England are eligible for the “freebie” benefit once they reach the official state pension age, which is currently 66. Under present Government proposals, the state pension age is set to rise in the coming years. Due to this, many people in their 60s will have to wait longer than expected to receive their free bus pass. As a result of the pending changes, the state pension will rise from 66 to 67 in between 2026 and 2028. On top of this, another age hike to the eligibility age threshold is expected by 2048 at the latest. It should be noted that the state pension age change is subject to shifts in the wider economy and predictions regarding life expectancy. People seeking to apply for the free bus pass can do so via the Government’s website, if they meet the eligibility requirements . READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Applicants will be able to enter their postcode address at which point they will be directed to the contact details for their local council. Local councils are able to administer and deliver the free bus pass to eligible applicants through their independent procedures. Council procedures may be different if an applicant decides to contact their local authority directly. If over 60s have missed out on their free bus pass due to the state pension change, charities such as Age UK have recommendations for alternative discounts or concessions. DON'T MISS:  On its website, Age UK: “It’s also worth contacting the individual coach and train operators to see if they offer discounts for older people. “For example, National Express offers a Senior Coachcard for people who are 60 and over. It costs £12.50 and offers a third off your travel throughout the year. “Some local authorities offer concessions that apply to local public transport. Contact your local council for more information about what they offer.” In light of the current cost of living crisis, financial experts have praised the various additional benefits awarded to state pension claimants. Stephen Lowe, the group communications director at Just Group, shared why he believes “freebie” benefits have become essential for pensioners across the country. Mr Lowe explained: “The social and cultural reference to ‘freebie’ benefits means nearly all over 65s know about them. “But their financial value is dwarfed by other benefits which are less well known. “The state pension alone will not provide a comfortable standard of living so checking your entitlement for other state benefits should be as much a part of planning for retirement as understanding what your private pension and other savings will provide.” Outside of the free bus pass, state pensioners could be eligible for extra benefits, such as Pension Credit, or a discount on their council tax bill. Other “freebie” benefits people of the state pension age can apply for are the free TV licence or free prescriptions. As of today (April 11, 2022), the state pension has gone up by 3.1 percent in alignment with September’s Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation rate. The full new state pension has risen to £185.15 per week from £179.60, according to the DWP.