 The Prince of Wales stated that “we need to do something” to help asylum seekers in the UK. The West London Welcome (WLW) centre in Hammersmith has over 60 volunteers, who provide community advice and support, classes in English and a foodbank.   Alongside this their facilities also include childcare and social and creative activities for 650 people from over 50 different nationalities each month. West London Welcome tweeted about the visit: “Prince Charles visited our centre today to meet our community. “It was an important opportunity for stories of our asylum-seeking friends most affected by the hostile environment to be heard – banned from working, surviving on £8 a week from the Home Office.” While on the visit Charles met a psychotherapist from Turkey, Betul Piyade, who is now seeking asylum in the UK.    Ms Piyade is waiting for her interview for her claim of asylum which means she cannot work until it is completed. She spoke to the future king about her situation and that of many others to which he replied “we need to do something”. Royal fans took to Twitter to express their support of the visit and the Duke of Cornwall: “What a fantastic centre providing so many forms of support. “Thank you to our fantastic future king for highlighting this.” Charles participated in one of the English classes that are given at the centre, during which he met Kudirat from Nigeria who said she “couldn’t have imagined” meeting him and expressed her joy at his interest in the centre. READ MORE: Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry'  She added that the Prince showed great interest and “wanted to know how we feel” as he quizzed members on their journey to the UK and their accommodation. Another royal fan commented: “When life gets tough it’s important to always look for the good happening in the community and this is a perfect example. “Fantastic work and inspiring words from our future King.” DON'T MISS: Brexit POLL: Should Northern Ireland vote to scrap Protocol in 2024? (POLL)BA cancels over 100 flights (REVEAL)Lewis Hamilton makes decision on quitting Mercedes after latest misery (INSIGHT)  Another commented on a photo of the prince at the centre saying: “What a wonderful photo! The photographer captured a great photo with this woman and Prince Charles. Looks to me like she is laughing at something he said.” The Prince also met with a surgeon from Aleppo called Aiman whose story Charles was “so touched by” and left him “wanting to keep in touch”, according to Charles’ private secretary. The visit was arranged after Charles met volunteer Aiman Al-Ruwishan at a refugee and asylum seeker event at St Luke’s Church in Earls’ Court last year. 