The test comes from Aleph Farms, a cultivated meat company that is working to develop artificial alternatives to all the products conventionally sourced from cows — from meat down to the collagen used by the health and beauty industry. They said: “Prolonged exploration in space, such as getting to Mars, is limited by the ability to provide quality nutrition to astronauts. “Aleph Farms is developing a technological platform for the production of cultivated beef steaks in a process that consumes a significantly smaller portion of the resources needed to raise an entire animal for meat.” Understanding how this process works in low gravity, they added, will help “develop a complete process of cultivated meat production for long-term space missions and build an efficient production process that reduces the environmental footprint on Earth". The Aleph Farms experiment will be launched on Axiom Space Inc.’s imaginatively named Axiom Mission 1, which will reach the International Space Station (ISS) on board a SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft due to blast off from the Kennedy Space Centre in Florida, weather permitting, on April 6. The capsule will carry a crew of four on the ten-day mission — the former NASA astronaut Michael López-Alegría, US real estate entrepreneur Larry Connor, Canadian businessman Mark Pathy and Israeli philanthropist and former fighter pilot Eytan Stibbe. Mr Stibbe will be transporting Aleph Farm’s “lab on a chip” to the ISS and plugging it into power and monitoring systems in the orbiting laboratory’s European Columbus module that will allow researchers back on Earth to control the experiment from the ground. As Aleph Farms explain: “During the Rakia Mission, we aim to better understand the effects of microgravity on two basic processes responsible for muscle tissue formation. “These processes include proliferation and differentiation of cow cells into the building blocks of our steak.” Molecular biologist and Aleph Farms’ space research head Dr Zvika Tamari said: “Our experiment as part of the Rakia Mission will make use of a special microfluidic device. This experimental tool, he explained, “enables cow cells to grow and mature into cells that build muscle tissue, the cultivated steak, under microgravity conditions. “This constitutes a totally different environment for these processes to take place, which means that a lot of work is required in order to establish the conditions and procedures that can ensure their successful implementation. “Establishing the procedures that can result in successful cell growth and maturation constitutes the most significant part of my work in preparation for the Rakia Mission.” READ MORE: ‘Potentially hazardous’ asteroid to pass Earth At the conclusion of the Axiom Mission 1 — which will spend eight days in total on board the ISS — the astronauts will touch down in the Atlantic Ocean. Mr Stibbe will then deliver the microfluidic device to Aleph Farms researchers, who will transport the cultured cells to their Israel-based lab for analysis and comparison with a control experiment undertaken back on the Earth. In parallel with next week’s mission, Aleph Farms also has its eyes on its next space challenge: developing a closed-loop system that can actually produce cultivated meat to feed astronauts on a three-year-long mission — what Dr Tamari glibly dubs “steak for space”. According to the firm, they envisage astronauts being able to configure the nutritional composition of these artificial steaks, and even enrich them with additional minerals and vitamins. DON'T MISS:World War 2 breakthrough: Washed-up debris 'match' lost RAF bomber [REPORT]Putin humiliated as Britain refuses Russia's plan to boost economy [INSIGHT]New mutant 'XE' Omicron variant could be most transmissible yet [ANALYSIS] This programme — which is being conducted in tandem with space food partner Astreas — has already advanced to the second phase of NASA's Deep Space Food Challenge. Aleph Farms added: “Similarly to car manufacturers and Formula One, in space we are developing the most efficient processes under the toughest environments. This is not Aleph Farm’s first foray into space-based experiments, however — with the firm having conducted its first experiment on the ISS back in September 2019. That past experiment saw the researchers successfully assemble meat tissue using special three-dimensional bioprinting technology.