For the past 14 years, Monica Galetti has been an ever-present figure on the MasterChef: The Professionals judging panel. However, going forward, viewers of the hit BBC cooking contest will be without the fan-favourite judge as she has now announced with “a heavy heart” that she’ll be taking a break from the role. "It is with a heavy heart that I’ve made this decision to step back from filming this year’s series of MasterChef: The Professionals,” she said in a statement. Outlining her reasons, she explained: “My family need me, my restaurant needs me and trying to balance long filming days over the next three months with all these commitments meant that something had to give. “So, for the moment, my focus has to be 100 per cent about my loved ones and rebuilding my kitchen team who have had a battering over the last few months especially. “Those in the hospitality industry know just how tough it is at the moment,” the BBC star added. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry over Queen remarks ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ However, this isn’t farewell forever as Monica insisted she hopes to rejoin the panel in the future. Her statement continued: “To my MasterChef family, crew and friends, I’m so sorry that I won’t be with you this year but I hope to be back soon. “Thank you to both BBC and Shine TV for being so understanding of my decision but for this year I’ll be your number one supporter from the sidelines. “To my fellow judges and friends Marcus [Wareing] and Gregg [Wallace] – I’ll be watching – you’ve got this! If you’re ever unsure just think – what would Mon do?! See you soon!” Monica relayed her statement on Instagram and MasterChef fans were quick to share their best wishes as well as messages of disappointment at the news. However, many remained understanding, with @nickyfrancescamason replying: “Oh no but fully understand your reasons. I thought you were really scary at first but grew to love you. You will be sorely missed." Former contestant Luke Rhodes added: “You made my Masterchef experience a very memorable one @galettigram it was great to meet you hopefully see you back judging soon!" Elsewhere, @christinarelf said: "We love you and we hope you get the space you need to focus on your priorities. xx." DON'T MISS:Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revengePiers Morgan in GMB swipe ahead of his ITV return after Meghan rowRayner squirms as Kate Garraway challenges Rwanda scheme opposition And @lady_blue_blood weighed in: "You will be sorely missed but you absolutely must take care of yourself, your family and business. Wishing you the absolute very best ….. was a pleasure watching you. Hope to see you soon." "Ah such a shame. But totally understandable and sounds like the right decision. You will be massively missed," @miss.e.moo commented. While @clairemacdonaldskye shared: "You are so right in your decision, however torn you must have been, but we will miss you so very much!" (sic) Monica's departure may leave a hole in the fabric of what made MasterChef: The Professionals so popular over the past decade or so, but it's a decision back by those behind the scenes of the show.   Sarah Clay, Commissioning Editor for Entertainment at the BBC, said: “Monica is a valued member of the MasterChef family, and while we will miss her expertise and invaluable cooking and food knowledge, we fully support her filming break to focus on her family and business. "We wish her luck and hope to see her back in the MasterChef kitchen in the future.” And this was echoed by David Ambler, Executive Editor on MasterChef, who said in his statement: "Monica is one of the most talented chefs of her generation, we have worked together closely for the past 14 years and regard her as an integral member of the MasterChef family. "Our hope is this situation is just for this season and the door is always open for her to return.” MasterChef: The Professionals is available to stream on BBC iPlayer now.