Manchester United have been urged to join the race to land Paris Saint-Germain forward Kylian Mbappe when his contract expires at the end of the season. Mbappe has been heavily tipped to move to Real Madrid, but the France international has now revealed there are “new elements to consider” about his future. Madrid appeared to be close to signing the 23-year-old last summer – but PSG reportedly turned down a £137million bid from the Spanish giants. It appeared to be a foregone conclusion, therefore, that Real would snap the ace up this summer. But other clubs could now enter the fray to sign him. And 1998 World Cup winner Emmanuel Petit thinks the Red Devils should try to persuade Mbappe to move to Old Trafford. “He’s a leader at PSG,” Petit told Genting Casino. “There are big talks [over his future] and big speculation - is he going to stay or is he going to leave? “He recently said there have been new elements in his reflections, so maybe there is a third club after him. There is speculation if it’s a club from England or Germany. It’s not Barcelona. So it’s Real Madrid, PSG and maybe it’s Bayern Munich, but do they have the money? Is it the policy of Bayern Munich? READ MORE: Man Utd hero Wayne Rooney backs Liverpool to beat Man City in crunch clash “Maybe there is a club in England. People are talking about Manchester City and Liverpool, but why not Manchester United. I know Kylian is very linked to his town, the fans, family and friends - so it’s a huge decision for him. If PSG convince him to stay and he will be the centre of the new project, it could be enough to keep Mbappe, but it will be very difficult.” Mbappe has been in fine form this season and has outshone his blockbuster team-mates Lionel Messi and Neymar by bagging 28 goals and 20 assists in all competitions. Messi and Neymar, meanwhile, have managed just 15 goals and 16 assists between them. DON'T MISS...Man Utd flop Anthony Martial hits new low with Sevilla loanLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'happy' with Mohamed Salah contract talksGary Lineker raves over Barcelona starlet Pedri during Sevilla win  And PSG could face a huge battle to keep him in France. The Ligue 1 giants are desperate to win the Champions League but were knocked out by Real Madrid at the last 16 stage last month. And if Mbappe thinks European success is beyond him at the Parc des Princes, he may opt to move on at the end of the season. Premier League trio Manchester City, Liverpool and Manchester United would surely love to sign the player. And his arrival at any of those clubs would likely come as a major boost to their prospects of silverware. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 