On Friday, April 1, rebated diesel, which is commonly referred to as red diesel, as well as rebated biofuels were restricted, meaning many industries which rely on the fuel would have to look for alternatives. Some organisations predicted that the law changes could lead to businesses facing additional fuel expenses of between £100,000 and £400,000 per year. Fuel technology specialists SulNOx believes the Government needed to do more to protect drivers aside from a 5p cut to fuel duty, adding that the red diesel ban was a “contradiction”. A spokesperson for SulNOx said: “The UK Government, in its policy statement on the imminent red diesel taxation, says that higher fuel prices encourage the take up of greener and cleaner vehicles and push users to improve efficiency or to use less fuel. “By the Government’s own admission, a fuel duty cut cannot be good for the environment and goes against the fabric of the Government’s Net Zero Strategy. “From April 1, rebated diesel, more commonly known as red diesel, and rebated biofuels will no longer be allowed to be used which will result in increased cost of diesel by 55 percent, threatening the survival of half businesses in affected sectors including construction and mining. READ MORE: Smartphone app that allows the public to shop speeding drivers “This will net the treasury around £500million. “It is clear to see that we are not at a stage where construction plant vehicles for example can be electrified - the technology either just isn’t there or is nowhere near being viable if it is.” Before the Spring Statement, fuel duty in the UK was 58p per litre but was cut by 53p per litre on petrol and diesel. In comparison, only 11p is paid per litre of red diesel, meaning it is much cheaper for businesses to buy, especially in bulk. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis gives desperate drivers fuel saving tips [INSIGHT]How much your car tax has gone up [SHOCKING]Highway Code rule may help drivers save £150 a year on fuel costs [HELPFUL] The restrictions go further than red diesel, affecting rebated Hydrotreated Vegetable Oil (HVO), rebated biodiesel and bioblend, kerosene taxed at the rebated diesel rate and fuel substitutes. Many companies said this move would completely change the way they operate, with reduced profits and greater expenses. One Express.co.uk reader, CliveLondon, said: “I wonder how many of those upset by this actually use red diesel for what it is intended for, farm vehicles. “Red diesel is abused so much then it is only right that it is got rid of. “However, I do believe that for those genuinely entitled to use it, that is mainly farmers, there should be a mechanism put in place for them to receive a tax rebate in the fuel they use.” SulNOx also criticised the move, saying: “What also doesn’t make sense is the fact that cleaner fuels such as HVO are also being penalised by this taxation. “The red diesel taxation is nothing more than a deadly tax without purpose just as the 5p fuel cut is largely ineffective in its purpose and certainly not climate friendly. “A radical rethinking of the Government’s fuel policies and taxation is needed. “At the moment, these are inconsistent and are not aligned to the real economic needs of consumers or businesses, or reduce emissions and improve air quality. “To stand a chance of being sustainable in future, both in economic and environmental terms, we must immediately and simultaneously reduce our dependence on oil, reduce fuel consumption, reduce costs and reduce greenhouse gases and particulate matter. “That is a big ask but it is entirely possible with a range of coherent and effective Government policies.  One of the most effective ways to achieve this is to tangibly increase fuel efficiencies.” Red diesel accounts for around 15 percent of all diesel used in the UK and is responsible for the production of nearly 14 million tonnes of carbon dioxide a year. It is most commonly used in the construction and infrastructure building sectors, where it is estimated to have caused seven percent of nitrogen oxide emissions and eight percent of PM10 emissions in London in 2018. The change was initially announced in the 2020 Budget where Rishi Sunak said it would give businesses who use red diesel to have enough time to look at alternatives. Sectors like agriculture, fish farming and forestry will still be able to use red diesel.