It’s been months since No Time To Die hit cinemas and with Daniel Craig’s explosive exit from the James Bond film franchise, the role of 007 is wide open for the first time since 2005. Speculation is rife over who could take up the Licence To Kill next and the latest odds have seen a big movement. With the Peaky Blinders finale this weekend, Cillian Murphy is once again a frontrunner at the bookies in the race to be the next Bond. According to Ladbrokes, Murphy has seen his odds of 25-1 slashed by 60 per cent to just 10-1. This shakeup once again makes him a frontrunner at the bookies, drawing with James Norton and Michael Fassbender, but does it bear any resemblance to their actual chances? That’s up for fans to decide for themselves, as Bond producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson continue to play it coy about their plans for the next 007 in what is the film franchise’s 60th anniversary year. In the meantime, here are the rest of the odds for those stars who fans think could be within a chance. Ahead of Murphy is Tom Hardy on 8-1, who has previously been odds on, and Aidan Turner is on 7-1 in third. In second is Casino Royale runner up Henry Cavill on 4-1 and the current frontrunner is Bridgerton star Regé-Jean Page on 7-2. On the latest odds changes, Ladbrokes said: “Peaky Blinders has finally come to a close, and a flurry of punters have put two and two together, leading to us drastically slashing odds on Cillian Murphy swapping the Brummie tweed for the Bond tux." With the Oscars out of the way and No Time To Die’s Academy Award win for the Billie Eilish Bond theme, no doubt the 007 producers will be thinking about the next reboot. DON'T MISSNicolas Cage never forgot Sean Connery advice after Disney dropped him [SEAN CONNERY]James Bond: Timothy Dalton’s ‘slanging match’ on Licence To Kill set [TIMOTHY DALTON]James Bond: ‘Foul-mouthed’ Roger Moore and The Spy Who Loved Me set [ROGER MOORE] What we do know is that the next Bond will definitely be a man, but Broccoli is open to casting the first person of colour to play Ian Fleming’s spy, if the actor is right for the part. She has also confirmed in previous interviews that before auditions for the next Bond, she and her team at EON Productions will work out what sort of reboot they want to go for, including if it’s lighter or more serious. Only after that will they go in search of the star who will best fit that mould for Bond 26. Given that October 5 marks the 60th anniversary of Dr No, here’s hoping there will be some sort of announcement then.