UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said during a visit to a hospital in Welwyn Garden City on Wednesday he did not believe children are "competent" enough to make decisions about their gender. Mr Johnson also said: “I don't think that biological men should be competing in female sporting events. “Maybe that's a controversial thing to say, but it just seems to me to be sensible. "I also happen to think that women should have spaces ‒ whether it's in hospitals, prison or changing rooms ‒ which are dedicated to women. That's as far as my thinking has developed on this issue." He added: "If that puts me in conflict with some others, then we have got to work it all out. “It doesn't mean I'm not immensely sympathetic to people who want to change gender, to transition and it's vital we give people the maximum love and support in making those decisions. "These are complex issues and they can't be solved with one swift, easy piece of legislation. It takes a lot of thought to get this right." In a set of polls which ran from 3pm to 7pm on Wednesday, April 6, Express.co.uk readers were asked their views on the Prime Minister’s comments, which reopened the row over trans rights. Firstly, Express.co.uk asked: “Should children under 16 be banned from having gender changing surgery?” This question had 6,645 votes cast and an overwhelming majority – 98 percent (6,506 people) – said “yes”, children under 16 should be banned. Meanwhile, just one percent (62 people) said “no” and another one percent (77 people) said they did not know. Then Express.co.uk asked: “Should biological men be banned from competing in competitive female sports?” A total of 6,641 people voted and the dominant answer was “yes”, biological men should be banned from competing in competitive female sports, with 99 percent (6,581 people) choosing this option. Just one percent (52 percent) answered “no” and eight people said they did not know. Finally, Express.co.uk asked: “Should biological women be guaranteed safe spaces in hospitals and prisons?” Of the 6,628 votes cast the bulk of respondents – 92 percent (6,063 people) – said “yes”, biological women should be guaranteed safe spaces in hospitals and prisons. DON'T MISS:Brexit vote TODAY: MEPs to determine fate of UK trade rules - new row poised to erupt [LATEST]'Demented' EU chief sparks fury as she's accused of 'hating Britain' with Russia comments [UPDATE]POLL: Do you think privatisation of Channel 4 is Government’s 'revenge' for Brexit? [VOTE] A further five percent (359 people) said “no” while three percent (206 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their views on the matter. Username Worldwatcher said: “There is NOTHING controversial in what Boris Johnson opined and there is NOTHING in his opinion that makes him biased against transgendered women or men.” Many were in support of Mr Johnson’s views with username Offshore1sland commenting: “I totally agree with the Prime Minister.”  Username Emma Lou said: “I agree 100 percent with Boris!!” And username  Iain Draper-Morgan said: “Completely agree with the Prime Minister and it shows strong leadership on the matter.” Others were less supportive of the transgender community in their comments. Username citizenz1234 said: “It seems a problem that allowing one set of people additional rights you end up denying another set their rights.” While username Sapientem said: “I don’t mind which gender people want to identify. “However, as with many things in life, with that right and privilege comes compromise.”