Grace season two returns to ITV tonight (April 24) and Roy Grace is back in action. The troubled detective will investigate new cases inspired by Peter James' novels. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how many episodes are in season two. The first episode titled Looking Good Dead will air at 8pm tonight. The instalment has already been shown in the US as part of the first series. Yet for fans in the UK, it marks the start of a four-part run billed as season two. The other three episode titles are Not Dead Enough, Dead Man's Footsteps and Dead Tomorrow. READ MORE: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview Each new episode, lasting two hours, will air on a Sunday at the same time. With this in mind, the episode schedule is as follows: Episode one - April 24 Episode two - May 1 Episode three - May 8 Episode four - May 15 All four episodes will also be made available to watch on BritBox. The official synopsis for Looking Good Dead reads: "When parts of a young woman's body are discovered on the Downs, Grace believes the murder is connected to two prior killings involving sex-drug overdoses. "Meanwhile, a local businessman stumbles upon a memory stick containing an access key to a dark-Web snuff site, where he witnesses the woman's murder. "The shadowy operators of the site warn him not to go to the police, or his family will suffer." Actor Simm spoke to Whattowatch.com about where the detective is at the start of the new season. He said: "Grace is in the doghouse because he's consulted a medium Harry Frame [played by Adrian Rawlins] during his investigation last year. DON'T MISS... Charlene White suggests Harry's 'protection' remark aimed at Andrew [INSIGHT] Coronation Street theory: Yasmeen Nazir's seret illness uncovered [THEORY] Simon Cowell speaks on shaking up BGT judging panel [DISCUSSION] "That put the subsequent trial in jeopardy and now it could go either way." The time around, Zoe Tapper will be joining the cast as Cleo Morey. Cleo is a mortuary technician who takes a shine to Grace and causes tension between him and Glenn Branson (Richie Campbell). Arthur Darvill is also joining season two as a Brighton entrepreneur. In the trailer for the new season, Grace suggests the team is on to a "ritual murder". He says: "Whoever did this wanted her to be found." Grace is warned he needs to be very careful as there is "death close at hand". He concludes: "We need to find them, we need to stop them and we need to do it fast." Grace season 2 airs on ITV on Sunday at 8pm.