Novak Djokovic has claimed he "collapsed physically" after being beaten on his return to action in Monte Carlo. Djokovic, 34, was playing just his fourth match of 2022 as he came up against Alejandro Davidovich Fokina of Spain. And having dug deep to level matters in a second set tie-break, the world No 1 then fell away in the decider to exit the tournament at the first hurdle. The Serbian's refusal to be vaccinated against Covid-19 has left him seriously short of game time this season. He was eventually banned from competing in the Australian Open following an explosive visa saga, which culminated in him being deported out of the country just a day before the event began. He did play in the Dubai Tennis Championships in February, reaching the quarter-finals, and then attempted to enter ATP tournaments in Indian Wells and Miami. However, he was forced to withdraw from both over vaccination rules. However, the 20-time Grand Slam champion is set to play the French Open on May 22, and recently uploaded a training video which suggested he was eager to get his clay-court preparation underway in Monte Carlo. A draw against world No 46 Fokina initially appeared a good starting point. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal's French Open prep derailed as Spaniard yet to train on court amid rib injury However, he appeared more than rusty, losing the first set 6-3 before responding with a battling second set, which he eventually took on a tie-break [7-5]. However, it was Fokina, 22, who then dominated the decider, taking it 6-1 having broken his opponent's serve nine times in all. After afterwards, Djokovic admitted to being unhappy with his condition. He said: "Physically I completely collapsed. I couldn't move any more. I didn't like the way I felt in the end. I need to talk with my team." "He was the better player. I was hanging on the ropes the entire match. I just ran out of gas completely. If you can't stay in the rally, not feeling your legs on the clay, it's mission impossible.'' DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic conqueror Davidovich Fokina's coach spotted in tears after Monte Carlo winNovak Djokovic dumped out of Monte Carlo Masters by world No 46 on tennis returnRafael Nadal to skip Barcelona with injury throwing French Open into doubt He added he would continue to build towards Paris as he seeks to equal Rafael Nadal's record of 21 Grand Slam wins: "I always believed that I could come back and win the match. I stayed there even though a lot of things were against me in terms of how I felt on court. "Game-wise, physically I was just far from my best. I'm going to keep going and hopefully build my form for Roland Garros." Fokin meanwhile, whose coach was seen in tears immediately afterwards, hailed one of the biggest wins of his career.