Express.co.uk spoke exclusively with UK Lawn Care Group expert, Josh McNicholas about how to maintain a weed-free lawn. Over the winter months, it can be easy to neglect lawns and allow leaves to sit on the grass. While it may not seem damaging, this actually creates the “perfect conditions” for moss to grow. Spring is the time of year to start dealing with both moss and any weeds that have popped up over winter. Mr McNicholas explained: “Over time - usually weeks not months - a couple of spots of bad weather and some heavy traffic on your lawn, weeds can take over your lawn very quickly and before you know it you are back to square one. “However, all is not lost and keeping on top of them early can set your lawn up for a fantastic summer.” The lawn expert said it’s “really easy” to control weeds. READ MORE: Mould: Best houseplants to get rid of mould in your bathroom Here are Mr McNicholas’ top tips: The lawn expert said this is the “easiest weed treatment there is” and usually “does the job” if it’s applied early. When gardeners notice one or two weeds pop up on their lawns, it’s time to grab a weed spray and eradicate them. It’s best to follow the instructions on the label but Mr McNicholas said a “good rule of thumb” is to give it a couple of squirts, let it die off and pull it out of the lawn. Digging out weeds from a lawn is a “very effective” way to remove weeds from the root.  DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of spiders - ‘repels them’ [INSIGHT]Inside Kate Middleton's childhood home that sold for £500,000 in 2011 [UPDATE]Steps to achieve a ‘lush lawn’ by summer - ‘perfect time’ [ANALYSIS] However, the lawn expert said to only use this method if a weed has taken over a lawn. He explained: “I only recommend using this method if a weed has taken over a portion of your lawn and it’s clear a spot treatment will not be strong enough. “First, start by digging out the affected area - you want to make sure you go deep enough to remove the roots. “If you don’t get enough of the roots, the weed will come back. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Once you have dug the area out you will need to fill the hole in with some quality soil and re-seed it to ensure new grass grows.” Re-seeding a lawn is a simple process that involves spreading grass seed over the new soil and applying some pre-seed fertiliser. Keep the area well-watered while the new seed germinates. Mr McNicholas recommended using TotalLawn’s Endurance Pro and TotalLawn’s Pre-Seed Fertiliser.  Other options include Sainsbury's Home Fast Acting Lawn Seed, Wilko Rapid Lawn Seed with Ryegrass and Evergreen Fast Acting Lawn Seed. To keep a lawn looking healthy takes “minimal effort” and can be achieved using the right feed at the right time of year. A granular fertiliser can be spread on the lawn using a hand spreader and simply watered in. “The right feed alone can really transform a lawn,” Mr McNicholas added.