Erik ten Hag will become the next manager of Manchester United, according to reports. Ten Hag was interviewed by United last month and they have decided he is the right man for the job. Paris Saint-Germain boss Mauricio Pochettino, Spain manager Luis Enrique and Sevilla's Julen Lopetegui have all been on a four-man shortlist with Ten Hag. Chelsea's Thomas Tuchel and Bayern Munich's Julian Nagelsmann have also been linked with the vacancy. But ESPN claims United chief executive Richard Arnold and co-owner Joel Glazer have agreed the Dutchman is the best candidate for the job. Ten Hag is ready to leave Ajax at the end of the season to take over at Old Trafford. He is set to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick, who will take up a consultancy role at the club. Football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher have led the search for a new manager. READ MORE: Man Utd 'handed transfer shortlist' by Erik ten Hag that 'includes Ajax players'  The pair have reported to Arnold, with co-owner Glazer having the final say. The report claims the shortlist was shortened to just Ten Hag and Pochettino. But Pochettino's struggles at PSG this season put United off. The Argentine was initially their preferred candidate to replace Ole Gunnar Solskjaer when he was sacked last November. The former Tottenham boss would be keen on taking the Red Devils job and has held ambitions of managing the club since his time in charge of Spurs. However, PSG's Champions League exit to Real Madrid last month is said to have damaged his cause. PSG also wanted as much as £15million in compensation to release Pochettino from his contract at the Parc des Princes, which put United off. Ten Hag is set to be a much cheaper option for the Premier League giants. His compensation at Ajax is set to be at around £1.7m. DON'T MISSMatt Le Tissier quits Southampton role after backlash over Russia-Ukraine and Covid tweets [NEWS]Mikel Arteta believes he has found Arsenal's 'goal machine' after renewing interest [REPORT]Man Utd told to sell three players including Jadon Sancho in major new manager shake-up [QUOTES]  The report also says United's former assistant manager Rene Meulensteen could return to the club alongside Ten Hag. Meulensteen was a coach under Sir Alex Ferguson between 2007 and 2013. United's recruitment staff have also been instructed to produce a shortlist of players that can be targeted this summer. Ten Hag will also be allowed to produce a lit of his own targets. One player that has already been linked with a move is Ajax winger Antony. Ten Hag signed Antony from Sao Paulo in 2020 and is claimed to be keen to take him to Old Trafford. The Sun also claims Wolves star Ruben Neves will be a top target for Ten Hag. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here