Meghan Markle and Prince Harry live in a stunning property in Montecito, California, with their two children, Archie Mountbatten-Windsor and Lilibet Diana Windsor. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's $14.7million (£11million) Montecito Italian Villa was previously available on Giggster to rent - at an extortionate cost. The breathtaking property was available to rent for an incredible $700 (£537) an hour. It could be used for production purposes, for example acting as a set for photoshoots and music videos. While it is currently unavailable, Giggster's website read: "Hourly rate shown is based on a still photo shoot with a crew/talent size of 15 or less for a minimum of 10 hours." READ MORE: Is it cheaper to boil water in a microwave? However, Giggster listed some interesting rules including "no adult filming, no smoking, no pets, no cooking and no alcohol". It is unsurprising that the Montecito Italian Villa was once up for rental. A spectacular sprawling property, it boasts a whopping 7.3 acres, with the house alone standing at 13,000 sq ft. There is enough room to park 50 cars. Of course, there is a beautiful outdoor swimming pool surrounded by sun loungers. But what is it like inside? The Sussex's have their own tennis court, gym, spa, pool table room and guest cottage for when Meghan’s mother Doria visits. The couple's two children, Archie and Lilibet, are two years old and 10 months, respectively. The 7.3 acre estate is the perfect place for young children to explore and play. A source told the American OK Magazine: “There’s a cool playhouse in their garden and Archie loves running around the lawn with the dogs." Despite its grandness, the home has a warm, cosy feel. One room serves as a library, complete with yellow walls, a huge wooden bookcase that fills the room, and a small beige sofa. The living room has wooden floorboards, an embroidered rug, three beige sofas and cream walls. Meghan and Harry's kitchen - where the Duchess makes her "sexy pasta" recipe - has an exceptionally homely feel, with all wooden furniture and red, yellow and blue furnishings. There is also a beautiful wine cellar reminiscent of a cave, with a statement stone feature wall. The outside of the mansion is absolutely idyllic and picturesque, with plants climbing up the walls and flowers all about.