Harry and Meghan paid a covert visit to the Queen at Windsor Castle on Thursday, marking the first time the couple have been on UK soil together since stepping back from royal duties in March 2020. They reportedly met with Prince Charles during the visit, as he was at Windsor Castle standing in for the Queen at the Maundy Thursday service. But according to royal commentator Richard Kay, the meeting with Harry's father only lasted for 15 minutes, starting at 10am. A source said that Camilla joined the meeting halfway before the couple left together for St George's Chapel, where the Maundy Thursday service took place. Mr Kay claimed that one of the Queen's conditions, attached to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's visit to the UK, was that Harry would "first have to see his father". There has been speculation of a rift between Prince Charles and his son since Harry criticised his father in interviews with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021 and on his TV series 'The Me You Can't See'. In his interview with Ms Winfrey, Harry claimed that Charles and William are both "trapped" in the Royal Family, adding that he feels "really let down" by his father. And speaking about his father's parenting methods on 'The Me You Can't See', the Duke of Sussex had said: "That doesn’t make sense. Just because you suffered, that doesn’t mean that your kids have to suffer. "In fact quite the opposite, if you’ve suffered, do whatever you can to make sure that whatever experiences, negative experiences you had, that you can make it right for your kids." Mr Kay claimed that Harry and Meghan's visit to the UK "will almost certainly have determined their long-term status within the Royal Family", but said that their meeting with Charles, in particular, was "the most important". He described it as a "crucial first step" in "reconciliation between the father and son". READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's covert visit to Queen at Windsor Castle confirmed Mr Kay, writing in the Daily Mail, continued: "In many ways this was the most important of the two meetings. "Harry and his father have been barely speaking in recent months." He added: "Against such a background he was understandably anxious about yesterday’s meeting with Harry." A long-standing friend of Prince Charles told the Daily Mail that the future King "wants to keep the door open". DON'T MISS: Queen and Charles have become 'co-monarchy' [REVEAL] Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry to introduce Lilibet to Queen [LIVE] Kate Middleton and Prince William miss out on Harry's visit [INSIGHT] They said: "As one long-standing friend of his told me: "He loves his son and he has been broken-hearted by everything that has taken place, although he fears history repeating itself with Harry just as it did with Princess Diana. "But he also wants to keep the door open and keep talking, something he still regrets not doing with Diana." Speaking about the meeting between Prince and the Queen, a royal source said: "He has always had the ability to make her laugh and she loves that about him. "To this day whenever she hears that Harry is on the phone her eyes light up." They claimed: "Not leaking details is being seen as a way of getting some trust back into the relationship." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's visit to the UK came ahead of their attendance at the Invictus Games, taking place today at The Hague in the Netherlands. Express.co.uk contacted Buckingham Palace and Clarence House for comment. Clarence House declined to comment.