George Russell has admitted he expects "more of the same" performance issues in Australia that left Mercedes unable to compete in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia. He and Lewis Hamilton have struggled to get to the front of the pack over the two races so far, with Red Bull and Ferrari leading the way in F1's new ground effect era. Mercedes' porpoising issues began in pre-season and several figures from within the Silver Arrows camp were quick to admit that the car was a long way from where they would like it to be. Debate persisted on the extent of Mercedes' struggles, however, as they have successfully remedied pre-season issues in the past. Carlos Sainz and Max Verstappen were among those to suggest that the Silver Arrows were bluffing with their performance mishaps. However, both were proven wrong when fans got their first proper chance to see the cars driven in anger during Bahrain qualifying. Mercedes were off the pace of their rivals, and although two Red Bull retirements saw them finish third and fourth in Sakhir, a fifth and tenth in Jeddah the following weekend was a sobering crash back to reality. JUST IN: Christian Horner has 'no idea' if Mercedes affected by Red Bull stealing staff Silver Arrows fans held out hope that a two-week break between Saudi Arabia and Australia would buy mechanics more time to tackle the porpoising issues that have left them so far off the pace. Russell has since been the bearer of bad news. "I think will be very similar, to be honest; I don't see any reason why we will make any strides forward," he admitted, "We're definitely the third-fastest team at the moment, closer to the fourth than we are to the second. It's going to be more of the same in the coming races." DON'T MISSMercedes have doubts Lewis Hamilton's car is 'fast enough' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton car a 'bucking bronco' as Red Bull plan not working [INSIGHT]F1 chief Rob Smedley eases Lewis Hamilton fears with clear warning [ANALYSIS] A few more weeks of Mercedes mishaps would likely leave their title hopes, either as individuals or a team, in tatters. Red Bull and Ferrari have made strong starts to the season, and both are likely to be away and clear by the time the Silver Arrows get themselves back on track, with Charles Leclerc and Verstappen threatening to break away in the Drivers' Championship too. If Russell is proven correct it would go against the previous verdict of Mercedes trackside engineering director Andrew Shovlin, who suggested that a number of easy fixes and 'low-hanging fruit' could see them close the gap. If top honours remain out of reach, Russell and Hamilton may be left to battle it out between themselves as to who finishes as Mercedes' top dog. The youngster holds a six-point lead at this early stage of the season, but 58 per cent of Express Sport readers have backed the wiley veteran to turn things around. Russell has left fans with a glimmer of hope, however, by claiming that '99 per cent' of the team's issues would be solved if they manage to get on top of porpoising.