This is still a huge number of people whose daily lives are severely impacted. One of the ways, recommended by the NHS, to manage the condition is through healthy eating and exercise. Eating well and keeping active are a very effective combination for reducing the risk of a multitude of conditions. Now researchers from the Physicians Committee of Responsible Medicine suggest a vegan diet without calorie restrictions may be the most effective dietary method of managing rheumatoid arthritis. READ MORE: Vitamin B12 deficiency: Unsteady movements 'may be subtle at first’ Results from their research, published in the American Journal of Lifestyle Medicine, found patients who moved to a vegan diet reported a reduction in joint pain compared to those on a mixed or traditional diet. The average number of swollen joints among the patients dropped from seven just over three on the vegan diet. President of the Committee, Doctor Neal Barnard said: “A plant-based diet could be the prescription to alleviate joint pain for millions of people suffering from rheumatoid arthritis. “And all of the side effects, including weight loss and lower cholesterol, are only beneficial."  Meanwhile, a new treatment for the sore joints caused by arthritis could be available to patients suffering from arthritis of the knee in the future. The procedure, that involves the injection of a special gel known as Arthrosamid, has been used on horses for over 10 years. Now doctors believe this form of horse aid could be of use to human subjects. Early tests of Athrosamid on arthritis patients have shown most subjects have reported no pain within days or weeks of the administration of the gel. Athrosamid acts like a cushion inside the joints, helping to absorb the impact of heal-strikes and other impacts. Due to the similarities between horse and human joints, the firm behind Athrosamid, Contura, decided to explore whether it could be used on humans. They claim the product can provide long-lasting relief as it doesn’t get broken down inside of the body. Professor of Musculoskeletal Medicine at Leeds University, Philip Conaghan, noted while the treatment was promising more research was needed to assess its efficacy.