Meghan Markle showcased her impeccable style at the Invictus Games; the Duchess of Sussex stepped out in an array of tonal colours, keeping the silhouettes sharp and classic. While some of Meghan’s accessories were eye-catching - the £12,250 Cartier necklace for example - some royal fashion fans noticed she had opted for a more discreet Carolina Herrera bag in the same colour as her jumper, trousers and coat. It was the same bag “the most fashionable royal”, Queen Letizia of Spain has been spotted with on several occasions. Express.co.uk spoke to Samantha Harman, founder of The Style Editor about the similarities and differences between Meghan and Letizia’s styles. Samantha said: “Both Meghan Markle and Queen Letizia have impeccable style and there are similarities in the silhouettes, cuts and designers they like. I think they would go into a shop and pick out the same items. “I’d describe Queen Letizia's style as ladylike chic with a modern twist, and that is exactly how Meghan has described her own style, too. “Every time Queen Letizia goes out, she cements her status as a style icon. She tends to choose timeless cuts and shapes, but often adds a modern twist and is an expert at mixing high street (Zara is a Spanish brand) with designer.” She continued: “Meghan has always been into style, right back to her Suits days when she used to run The Tig, a lifestyle website that covered wellness, food and fashion. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'open to idea' of own book about journey to royal life “Our tastes are instinctive, we know what we like, and these core style values run like a thread through our fashion history. “There are key themes through Meghan’s style pre, during and post royal life that are similar to Queen Letizia's. “In an interview with Glamour magazine in 2017, Meghan said French editor Emmanuelle Alt was her ‘style spirit animal’. “There has always been an element of French inspiration to her style, and she is clearly inspired by the likes of Jackie O, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy and Audrey Hepburn (look at her Givenchy wedding dress).” DON'T MISS...Warehouse best before 2021 food at bargain prices - would you eat it? [VIDEO]Weight loss: Woman shed 3st by focusing on portion control [EXCLUSIVE]Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress [PICTURES] The fashion expert added: “She once described her desired look as ‘classic and simple […] with a modern twist.’ And that's a similar description to Queen Letizia's style. “Meghan kept these parts of her style throughout her life as a royal. “In 2016, when asked about the style of wedding dress she liked, Meghan answered ‘Carolyn Bessette Kennedy’ – and her boat neck, Givenchy-designed wedding gown in 2018 clearly took inspiration from that look. “In that same interview, Meghan said that because she got to wear high-end, tailored pieces for work on Suits, when she was off-duty she liked to be ‘pared down and relaxed’. “Queen Letizia often re-wears pieces. She tends to choose classic cuts, colours and shapes, which means the items look just as good now as they did five years ago, as they'll look in five years' time. “The Carolina Herrera bag is a classic example of this,” Samantha commented. “Meghan is no longer a 'royal' and is independently making her own money - so if she wants to buy a bag, she isn't accountable to the public in the same way as a working royal might be. “Meghan attracted a lot of criticism for the amount of money she spent on clothing when she transitioned to a 'royal' wardrobe, and for the fact she favoured French fashion brands. “But I think she was damned if she did, damned if she didn’t. We all want to see the stunning couture gowns and tiaras, but then we also don't want them to spend a lot of money. “There have been times when both women have stepped out in very similar looks. For example, the satin blue Jason Wu wrap dress Meghan wore for her first appearance with Harry, William and Kate in February 2018 is similar to the Galcon Studio top and skirt Queen Letizia wore to the Atlantida Mallorca Film Festival. “Or the red Hugo Boss leather skirt Meghan wore for an appearance in Windsor - Queen Letizia wore a similar look the day before. “Then Queen Letizia wore a denim-look dress which was nearly identical to the denim dress Meghan wore to the polo in 2018. “We know that Meghan attaches lots of sentimental value to her jewellery, so this is probably why she chooses versatile pieces - they go with every outfit. “We know that Meghan is into meditation, yoga and wellness - so we also see her wear jewellery that has elements which promote inner wisdom and healing. For example, a Trapezoid necklace, the meaning behind it being self-confidence and wisdom,” Samantha noted.