  Luke Newton, 29, is best known for playing Colin Bridgerton on the hit Netflix show, Bridgerton. However, Luke once pursued an entirely different career as a pop star.     Luke was formerly a member of boyband South 4, which saw him strip naked for a video with only a Union Jack flag to cover up his modesty. The Netflix actor sat under the flag and smouldered at the camera as he sat shoulder-to-shoulder with his bandmates in the music video for their debut single. The band included a then-18-year-old Luke, along with friends Oli Evans, Joel Baylis and Henry Tredinnick. The four met while studying at Brit School, which has produced the likes of Adele, Jessie J and Amy Winehouse. READ MORE: The Wanted's Tom Parker died with 'perfect' Oasis song playing     At one point, the handsome group of lads were dubbed Sussex's answer to One Direction. Unfortunately their debut single Cougar Town wasn’t popular enough to launch them into stardom. South 4 were offered a million pound deal with Eagle Music in 2012, but now their music pulls in zero monthly listeners on Spotify. Fortunately for Luke, he found much more success when he pursued acting, going on to star in Disney Channel’s The Lodge.     He also landed a part in BBC Two’s teen drama The Cut, before securing his breakout role as Colin in Bridgerton. Colin made an impact in Season One of Bridgerton, as he became embroiled in scandal over an incident with love interest Marina Thompson (Ruby Barker). The new season sees him return from his travels in Europe, coming back a little older and wiser than the bright-eyed, endlessly-polite Colin of the first season. Colin is also a romantic interest for Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan), who is often seen pining over the third eldest Bridgerton brother.     The popular Netflix show is based upon a series of novels of the same name by Julia Quinn. The author has written eight books in total, each of which revolve around a different Bridgerton sibling. Like the show, the first book entitled The Duke and I focuses on Daphne (Phoebe Dynevor), while the second novel, The Viscount Who Loved Me, revolves around Anthony (Jonathan Bailey). The third book is called An Offer from a Gentleman and lends a love story to Benedict (Luke Thompson).      It is not until the fourth instalment entitled Romancing Mr Bridgerton, however, that we see how the will-they-won’t-they between Penelope and Colin plays out. In real life, Luke is currently dating Jade Davies, who is the younger sister of Love Island star Amber Davies. Season two of Bridgerton is available to stream on Netflix now.   