You'll have to live in a bell tent, herd sheep and tend rare gulls and seals, but what a haunting place it is, steeped in drama, mystery and legend. I was so drawn to the island's rich history that it's at the centre of my last novel, I Do Not Sleep.  Centuries ago it was called the Island of St Michael of Lammana, derived from the Cornish "Lan", a Celtic religious enclosure, and "managh", or monk, translating as "a holy place where monks dwell". It had huge religious significance, becoming a sanctuary for 11th-century Benedictine monks, who believed Jesus landed there with his great uncle, Joseph of Arimathea, a merchant trading silks and perfumes for Cornish tin. Later, Lammana hid rum smugglers in its underground caves, and tales of vengeance and murder abound. In bad weather landing was treacherous, and it still is. Many a boat was wrecked on the island's rocky shore, and many a ghost has been seen drifting through the mist above the stormy crags.  Then there's the story of Babs and Evelyn Atkins, the redoubtable sisters from genteel Surrey who fulfilled a lifetime dream by buying the island in 1964 and loved it, despite being cut off from Looe whenever the weather was bad, communicating with the mainland only by shouting through a megaphone. Despite the isolation, they were gregarious souls and in summer threw lively parties much enjoyed by their Looe neighbours, who couldn't get enough of the homemade hooch. When we put down Cornish roots 24 years ago you could persuade a fisherman to take you over to the island for a cup of tea with the sisters, but now visits are strictly regulated by the Trust. If you do go, try to readWe Bought An Island by Evelyn Atkins. It's pure magic.  --------- Prince Harry met the Queen at Windsor this week, despite missing his grandfather's memorial service last month because he still wants full royal protection and, since he's no longer on the princely pay roll, the Home Office computer says no. So he (and Meghan) finally showed some gumption by coming here anyway, en route to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. I'm delighted for his frail grandmother, but how much more it would have meant if he'd supported her at Philip's memorial. -------- The bane of every woman's life. But counting them is a curiously old-fashioned way to diet these days, when everyone's semi-fasting on the 5/2, or eating nothing at all for up to 16 hours a day. Pretty miserable all of it. But calories?  So last decade. So when public health nannies forced pubs and restaurants to list the calorie count of each meal on their menu I thought it was a daft idea. No one's going to be put off by that. How wrong I was. Lunching at our local last week my eyes were drawn to the terrifying numbers alongside each dish. Fish and chips, 1,051; chicken and leek pie, 1,292. Eek! I ended up with grilled goat's cheese with broad beans, 484, an option I'd never been tempted by before. Still wasn't, but hey-ho. The nannies have ruined the carefree lunch but, sad to say, it works. 