The Grotte du Lazaret, or Lazaret Cave, is an archaeological goldmine for the study of ancient humans. Situated in the suburbs of the southern French town of Nice, excavations at the cave have shown the construction of human shelters in the Lower Palaeolithic period — which spans from around three million years ago until 300,000 years ago. Some 20,000 faunal bone segments have been found inside the caves. Human remains, however, are more sparse. Cranial fragments of the remains of a half-grown child, believed to be a mix of Homo heidelbergensis and a Neanderthal, have been proven to be 200,000 years old. More than 30 different groups of people temporarily settled in the cave at various times from the Lower Palaeolithic period, to Neanderthal and beyond. A new study, published in January, suggested pre-Neanderthals were very strategic when constructing hearths, both to minimise smoke exposure and maximise room for other activities. The early humans occupying the cave around 170,000 years ago realised the perfect place to set up their fire, with new research revealing the hearth remained in the same place for tens of thousands of years beyond this. READ MORE: Ukraine weakens Putin’s energy stranglehold The research, published by a team from Tel Aviv University, concluded that the centre of the cave was the ideal spot for a fire. Yet the ancient humans had other ideas. The pre-Neanderthals placed their fire at the back of the cave, having seemingly balanced the risks of smoke inhalation with the importance of the fire in day-to-day life. Prof Barkai told Haaretz: “Here we show that the organisation of space in the cave depended on the location of the hearth: It was optimally placed and the rest of the space was built around it. “It seems first they decided where to place the fire and then it seems as if they planned: Let’s do the butchering here, hang the meat to dry here and sleep there.” Co-author Professor Ran Barkai said in a statement: “Our study shows that early humans were able, with no sensors or simulators, to choose the perfect location for their hearth and manage the cave’s space as early as 170,000 years ago — long before the advent of modern humans in Europe. “This ability reflects ingenuity, experience and planned action.” The 28 sediment layers in the Lazaret Cave have long been the subject of intense examination, with the Israeli team focusing specifically on the UA25 layer, which dates to about 170,000 to 150,000 years ago. DON'T MISS:World's oldest intact shipwreck 'changed' scientific understanding [INSIGHT]Egyptian pharaoh was found with 'violent injuries' on 'distorted' face [REVEALED]Archaeologists amazed at preservation of English shipwreck [DISCOVERY] Using smoke exposure levels established by the World Health Organisation, they came up with four activity zones in each of the 16 proposed hearth locations — a red area that would have been unusable due to smoke density, a yellow zone suitable for short-term use, a green zone that would have had little smoke, and finally a blue area that would have been smoke free. UA25’s sole hearth, the researchers said, stood in an “optimal 270-quare-foot” section of the cave. While other sediment layers had multiple hearths, Prof Barkai there was “always one in that ideal location”. Sarah Hlubik, an archaeologist and paleoanthropologist studying the origins of fire use in human ancestral groups, said the experiment demonstrates just how intelligent ancient humans were at responding to a climate far different from the southern France of 2022. Ms Hlubik, who was not involved in the original study, told NPR: “It was really cold. It was not like the south of France today. “So they had to make really intelligent decisions about where they lived, how they utilised those spaces. “And what's interesting is that we can see that Neanderthals were making those choices and probably, you know, other humans at the same time, were making those choices and they were just as smart as we are.” Other excavations in the cave have also shown the ancient humans, in particular Neanderthals, were nimble and versatile hunters. While typical expectations are that Neanderthals might be feasting on big game animals, or jabbing at the flesh of a woolly mammoth, archaeological evidence in caves near the Lazaret Cave shows rabbits were a staple of the ancient diet. A 2019 study, published in the journal Science Advances, examined animal bones at eight sites in southern France. Eugene Morin, an anthropologist at Canada’s Trent University, said at the time: “Many of these early Neanderthal sites contained sometimes 80, 90 percent rabbits. “It was not something rare." Remains of an elephant were also found at one site, though it was not clear if the Neanderthals had hunted the beast, or scavenged from other predators. Examinations of the bones suggested Neanderthals had cut them with tools, and burned them in some cases. Mr Morin said: “Either they are roasting the rabbits or, once they're done eating them, they're throwing the bones into fire. “It looks like early humans were snapping off the ends with their teeth to create a kind of bone straw and so they suck out the marrow inside to get some extra calories.”