Tottenham are confident over the possibility of beating Manchester United to the summer signing of West Bromwich Albion and England goalkeeper Sam Johnstone, according to reports. Spurs are believed to be keen on adding a new stopper to their ranks ahead of next season in order to provide Hugo Lloris with some additional competition for his starting spot or even succeed the Frenchman between the sticks in the near future. Antonio Conte will be desperately hoping to land a number of reinforcements between now and the start of next season as he looks to prepare for a possible Champions League return if Tottenham manage to secure a top-four finish in the Premier League over the coming months. It seems as though Johnstone has emerged on the 52-year-old's list of priority targets in north London, with club chiefs 'very hopeful' of snapping him up ahead of United and a handful of other interested parties, according to GiveMeSport.The report claims that Spurs have been working hard on background details with regards to a possible move for Johnstone and are confident that he will choose to join them in the summer months. The 29-year-old, who has three senior England caps to his name, has turned down the offer of a new contract at West Brom and is set to leave the club as a free agent at the end of this season. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick 'understands' Glazers protests It remains to be seen whether Johnstone would replace Lloris as the club's first-choice goalkeeper or play second fiddle to the 35-year-old if he joins Spurs over the coming months. The latter recently signed a new contract to keep him on their books until the summer of 2024, but Johnstone is five years younger and will be hoping to feature on a regular basis to support his international ambitions.Lloris has been the club's established No 1 for the vast majority of the last decade, though, and has played in every Premier League match under Conte since the Italian manager's arrival at Tottenham back in November. Former England striker Gabriel Agbonlahor has already suggested that Johnstone may struggle to dislodge Lloris and would be facing a life on the sidelines if he swaps West Brom for Spurs upon the expiry of his current deal with the Baggies. "Sam Johnstone is a very good goalkeeper, he’s proven that by breaking into the England squad and making his debut," Agbonlahor recently told Football Insider. "But I still think that it will be hard to get Lloris out of the side. He’s been an ever-present in that side for a few years."He makes a lot of good saves and is captain as well. You can’t see him losing his place, to be honest. He’ll make some good saves but then he will make some rubbish saves and can be caught on the ball." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here