Ben Kentish, Westminster editor for LBC, said that while the PM will have to offer a “pretty wholehearted apology”, he will do everything in his power to remain in Downing Street. But if Rishi Sunak decides to resign from his position as Chancellor of the Exchequer after receiving his own fines, it could leave Johnson “in a pretty impossible position”, losing a key aide in his cabinet.    Kentish told LBC: “Boris Johnson will cling on in Downing Street. Everyone in Westminster expects that. “Like a barnacle to a rock he will do whatever it takes to carry on being Prime Minister. “But he will have to give some pretty wholehearted apology, you would think.” Kentish went on to discuss the potential resignation of Rishi Sunak, who is yet to make a comment following the announcement that he will be fined.    Government sources suggested that the Chancellor was already considering withdrawing from politics following the implication of his wife in a tax scandal last week. Kentish said: “I don’t necessarily know whether [Sunak] will necessarily walk away from politics “But we have not heard a word from his camp in the two and a half hours since the news broke. They have not said anything at all. “And I suspect in Downing Street that may be quite ominous because if he does resign, that would put Boris Johnson in a pretty impossible position.” READ MORE: Boris fined:Just when it looked like he'd got away with it too COMMENT [OPINION]   Johnson became the first PM to be found guilty of a criminal offence while in office earlier today after the Met announced a further 30 government figures would be fined for breaking lockdown rules. Three hours after the announcement, Downing Street confirmed that Johnson is facing a fine over his birthday party, held in the cabinet room on June 19, 2020. A No 10 spokesman said: “The Met Police have now explained that the FPN issued to the PM will be in relation to the following incident: ‘On 19th June 2020 at the Cabinet Room 10 Downing Street between 1400 and 1500 you participated in a gathering of two or more people indoors in the Cabinet Room at 10 Downing Street.’” Last Friday, Johnson dismissed claims that he had broken coronavirus lockdown rules yet again as “a lot of nonsense”. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson: NINE times PM claimed ‘rules were followed’ [REVEAL] POLL: Should Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak resign? [POLL] Sturgeon and Starmer order Boris to resign after fines [REPORT]   The PM’s wife Carrie Johnson and Chancellor RIshi Sunak are among others to be added to the list of finees today. Sir Keir Starmer, the Labour leader, has already called for both Johnson and Sunak to resign, accusing them of “repeatedly” lying to the public. Kentish suggested that Sunak’s team would not have expected the Chancellor to be implicated in any fines issued by the Met and have thus been blindsided by the announcement. It is believed Sunak was present at Johnson’s birthday party, where Mrs Johnson is reported to have presented her husband with a Union Jack cake for his 56th birthday, before leading the room in a chorus of Happy Birthday.   