The first Covid restriction-free Easter for two years, coupled with temperatures approaching 73F (23C), will spark a spending frenzy, ­providing a much-needed shot in the arm to the economy. Experts think the long weekend will kickstart a post-Covid boom. Julian Jessop, of the Institute of Economic Affairs, said: “The easing of Covid restrictions is providing a much-needed boost to spending on a wide range of goods and services. “There are signs more of this money is being spent in the ­domestic economy.” “There are signs more of this money is being spent in the ­domestic economy.” Yesterday, Britain was hotter than Athens, Ibiza and Majorca as the great escape started. Lockdown-weary families hit the roads to holiday hotspots including Devon, Cornwall, Yorkshire and the coastal resorts of Bournemouth, Brighton and Blackpool.    The number heading away over the four-day weekend is estimated to be at least 7.4 million, the biggest domestic departure since 2019. And the weather has been kind to them. The UK recorded its warmest day of the year so far yesterday after temperatures hit 71.6F (22C). The mercury soared to the new high in St James’s Park in central London on Good Friday afternoon, the Met Office said. Britain’s warm weather has not been limited to the capital, with temperatures also soaring in ­northern areas including Yorkshire and parts of Scotland.  The sizzling sunshine is expected to continue for the rest of the bank holiday weekend. Patricia Yates, the deputy chief executive of tourist board VisitBritain, said: “It is great to see so many people planning a holiday at home for the Easter weekend. “Getting out and exploring the outstanding accommodations, events, and attractions here on our doorstep, whether enjoying a trip to the seaside, countryside, or a city break." “This is the first Easter since 2019 that the industry has been able to fully trade and the long weekend will be critical in providing businesses and destinations with much needed cash-flow as the season gets underway. “Our tourism businesses will be very pleased to welcome you back.” The UK tourism industry was decimated by Covid. VisitBritain said that the sector suffered a ­£97billion hit. But the fightback starts this weekend with British tourism experts saying the great getaway will line the pockets of the ­economy with at least £1.8billion. Of those planning an overnight trip in England this weekend, the majority will enjoy a break of between one and three nights, analysis shows.  And many are said to be undecided about whether to take an overnight trip, suggesting the true figure could be far higher. Tourism Minister Nigel Huddleston said: “The UK has so much to offer holidaymakers. From iconic cities and postcard-worthy countryside to famous attractions and activities for all the family. “So it’s no surprise more of us are choosing to explore the adventures on our doorsteps this Easter." “Spring is a wonderful time to enjoy a great British break and give our hardworking hospitality and travel industry a bank holiday boost.” Millions more will spend the four-day weekend indulging in home and garden improvements, inviting friends and family over for barbecues and eating and drinking out, further bolstering the bottom line of businesses starved of trade during the two-year health emergency. Shambolic scenes of long queues and check-in delays at airports also prompted many to abandon plans for an overseas break and stay at home. But families are still plotting a summer getaway, with Tenerife, Majorca, Crete, Turkey and the Spanish mainland proving the most popular destinations. Budget airline EasyJet said: “After an uncertain few years for holidaymakers we’re gearing up for a big summer and our bookings show Brits can’t wait to get away.”  After the battering of the past two years, the economy remains on course to grow by at least one percent in the first quarter of this year. That would signal a stronger recovery than what was predicted in forecasts by both the Bank of England and the Office for Budget Responsibility. After all Covid restrictions were lifted in February, Britain is now performing better than most European countries, including those slower to ease legal limits. Mr Jessop, economics fellow at the IEA, added: “Reports that the UK economy is already sliding back into recession are premature. “The congestion at airports and seaports and on the roads is at least evidence more people are getting out and about again." “The recent weakness in exports and imports could be bad for productivity and growth in the longer term if sustained." “But, in the short term, the reduction in international trade is helping many businesses which are making and selling in the UK.”   P&O Cruises is enjoying a boost in bookings after a successful advertising campaign distanced the company from P&O Ferries which was criticised after sacking nearly 800 staff last month. The cruise operator was attacked on social media by people who mistakenly believed it was linked to the ferry firm with a similar name. It launched a major advertising campaign stating: “Our names may both begin with P&O. But that’s where the similarity ends.” P&O Cruises president Paul Ludlow said: “It’s turned from a PR challenge to a PR opportunity.” P&O Ferries has not received approval to resume sailings on the Dover-Calais route after ships failed safety inspections.   Holiday-starved Britons are planning the trip of a lifetime amid a surge in currency sales, according to the Post Office. It is seeing signs of “pent-up demand”, potentially reflecting people gearing up to travel abroad for the first time since the start of the pandemic. Strong growth in purchases of currencies for Croatia and the Caribbean islands suggests these are set to be the leading destinations of choice. Nick Boden, Post Office head of travel money, said: “Many are planning holidays of a lifetime to some of the world’s most aspirational destinations.”  Travellers faced another day of misery yesterday as the Easter weekend getaway began with delays to trips by land, sea and air. Holidaymakers have faced long delays, cancelled flights, snaking security queues and missing baggage as airports as airlines continue to struggle with Covid-19 sickness and staff shortages. Major airlines are cancelling flights, with British Airways and easyJet scrapping another 80 flights between them that were due to depart today. The problem has been so bad at Manchester airport that a child was sick from “dehydration and exhaustion”.  Huge queues at terminals meant people were relieving themselves into bags, according to one witness. Flyer Jack Mackin said: “Kids were having to pee in the plastic bags that you’d usually put liquids in. “It was horrific.” The picture at Dover is no less bleak, with images showing huge queues of vehicles stretching back from the check-in gates at the port. The RAC predicted that yesterday would be the busiest day of the Easter holidays with an estimated 4.62 million journeys likely to have been made across the UK. A further 22.48 million over the bank holiday weekend could make it the busiest in years, according to the RAC. Beachgoers and motorists were warned to be wary of major roads like the M26 and M6. 