Lewis Hamilton has every chance of fighting back to clinch a record-breaking eighth Drivers' Championship title between now and the end of the season, according to Damon Hill. The 37-year-old has endured a mixed start to the new campaign after struggling with Mercedes' lack of pace at the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix before picking up just one point at the next time of asking in Saudi Arabia. Hamilton managed to sneak onto the podium in Bahrain after both Red Bulls were forced to retire but had no such luck in Jeddah, where he only managed to finish in 10th after he was sensationally knocked out in Q1 a day earlier. Hill is adamant that the Mercedes man should never be written off, though, despite failing to live up to expectations in the first two races of the new F1 season."I don't see why not," Hill told Sky Sports when quizzed on whether Hamilton can still win this year's Drivers' Championship title. "He's a long shot, the betting odds are apparently quite long so it might be worth a tipple on Lewis."As I've said before, this is going to be a long, old battle. We will not remember the first few races of this season by the time we get to halfway through. JUST IN: Gasly agrees with Verstappen and Wolff over Drive to Survive series "It's going to be a slog [with] 23 Grands Prix. And if you've got a battle going on at the front, and you haven't got a dominant team, then it's unlikely they will get that far ahead."So it's highly likely Mercedes could get in the mix. Don't forget George Russell is in there as well, he's doing a fine job, and may even take points off the other guys as well." Mercedes have been forced to deal with a number of performance issues this year after dominating proceedings for the best part of the last decade and have fallen behind the likes of Ferrari and Red Bull as a result of their recent shortcomings. They have mainly struggled with the 'porpoising' issue that results in cars bouncing up and down on long straights due to the ground effect that produces a significant percentage of downforce under the new technical regulations.It remains to be seen whether the Silver Arrows will be able to deliver an improved showing at this weekend's Australian Grand Prix as F1 returns to the streets of Melbourne after a two-year absence. Hamilton has not won at Albert Park since 2015 and will likely be forced to miss out yet again on Sunday if Mercedes fail to trouble their Constructors' Championship rivals over the course of the 58-lap contest. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE