ITV’s new game show The 1% Club features people of all ages and with varying degrees of general knowledge. To win the cash prize, contestants must answer a question only 1% of the population would guess correctly. However, some viewers were left feeling short-changed when the questions, asked by host Lee Mack, were said to be “incredibly easy” prompting fans to slam the quiz and its format. The Would I Lie To You star dusted off his hosting skills as he made his debut on the new quiz show. Although fans commended the Southport comic for his presenting style, the same can't be said for the ITV quiz show. Taking to social media, viewers claimed the questions were far too easy considering it was supposed to draw out the most elite of quizzers. On Twitter, @louisebrooks99 quipped: “#The1PercentClub has convinced me I’m the next #Einstein." READ MORE:MasterChef contestant sparks concern with chicken feet and blood stew They went on to say: “These questions are incredibly easy. #leemack.” (sic) @CtTweets08 asked: “Some of these questions are pretty easy right? Or am I just a genius #TheOnePercentShow.” Another viewer, @stuwolwalton, mocked: “These people on Lee Mack quiz are making me look like a genius lol.” One example of the questions saw Lee ask: "Which of these does NOT contain any repeated letters within the word? "A Individual, B Unique or C Singular." He went on to reveal 18 out of 100 answered the question incorrectly. While there was backlash over the questions, many praised the comedian for adding some flair to the programme and didn’t hold back when the contestants got their questions wrong. Viewers gushed over the Not Going Out actor and claimed he was the “most watchable” host on TV. @mcfcrhys91 confessed: “It’s about time Lee Mack was given his own Saturday night show, the man is sheer class #The1PercentClub.” @kevwgs beamed: “Lee Mack is one of the most watchable people on TV #The1PercentClub.” In the final round, Tamzin, Cameron and Paul were the three remaining contestants battling it out for £96,000. After giving the contestants a time limit to lock in their answers, the finalists each looked at the host nervously waiting for him to announce the winner. Suddenly, the comic announced: “Tamzin you are the winner!” Lee turned to the winner and said: “You have just won £96,000, wow, that is incredible.” Tamzin was seen wiping away her tears at her victory with the rest of the studio cheering the youngster for her performance and making history as the first winner on the ITV game show. The 1% Club airs Saturday on ITV at 8.30pm