Former Emmerdale actress Gemma candidly opened up about her relationship with Strictly Come Dancing professional dancer Gorka on Monday's instalment of Lorraine. She told host Christine Lampard, who is filling in for Lorraine Kelly this week, about raising their young daughter Mia together before admitting her fiancé "wanted to be at home" rather than on tour. Gorka will often tour after wrapping up the latest series of Strictly Come Dancing and he has recently finished his Firedance tour with co-star Karen Hauer. Speaking to Christine about her beau's struggles with touring, Gemma explained: "It's was Giovanni [Pernice], he text me and said, 'Gorka has not been himself, I am just letting you know.' "And I Facetimed him and they were all out one night, the lads, and he was in a hotel on his own. "And he just got really upset and said, 'I don't want to be here, I want to be at home with you and our baby.'" READ MORE:  What happened to the real Ann Walker? Gemma admitted it was that moment when it dawned on her it was just as tough for Gorka to leave his family to go on tour as it was for her to be left at home. "You kind of resent each other's situations a little bit," she confessed. She then joked that as soon as he came home from touring, she handed their baby daughter to him. Christine added: "You have that ability to open up and talk and the two of you have been like that since the very beginning and I think that is why you clicked the first time that you met."  Gemma agreed and gushed about her supportive partner who she met during her stint on Strictly Come Dancing in 2017. She was partnered with Aljaž Skorjanec and the pair were runners up after narrowly missing out on the Glitterball Trophy to actor Joe McFadden and partner Katya Jones. Gemma and Gorka got engaged on Valentine's Day last year, a year after having their daughter Mia. The actress has previously opened up on the traumatic story of Mia's birth who was born on July 4, 2019. DON'T MISS...Gemma Atkinson on TV return as she talks 'sacked' co-star [LATEST]Gorka Marquez opens up on 'difficulties' of being away from family [UPDATE]Gemma Atkinson issues warning amid Manchester airport 'chaos' [INSIGHT]  She was born by emergency C-section and the actress almost died when she lost nearly a litre of blood after having a haemorrhage. Gemma has spoken out on "definitely wanting" to have another child with her beau, but admitted Mia is not so keen on the idea. She also opened up to ITV viewers about Gorka returning to work shortly after Mia was born. She told Christine: "He had to go on tour when she was three days old and again, he got grief for it, 'Who chooses work over their child?' "But he had a contract and it wasn’t just his show, it was production that he’d be letting down.   "He has to keep his social going for the show, get tickets sold, so I was looking at all the stuff about him, Giovanni and Aljaž together and I was sat at home with my stitches. "The nurse was coming round to change my dressing, Mia [was] crying, and I was just like oh my gosh this is my life now and nothing’s changed for him." Gemma recalled speaking to her mother about the situation and she told her it was "typically the guys who go back to work". Lorraine continues on weekdays at 9am on ITV. 