Pollster Chris Curtis claimed the cost-of-living crisis seems to be getting the better of UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson, as polls show a drop in approval ratings. With the party gate scandal resurfacing and fines issues against him, Boris Johnson is losing his reputation of the politician who ‘can get things done’, according to the pollster. In an interview with GB News’ Nigel Farage, Mr Curtis said: “I think the difficulty now actually when we look at the polling and the reason that he started to suffer in the polls, moving behind the Labour party is because people are no longer really convinced that he can get the job done either.” “So, you obviously have that form of morality issue. Is he the kind of person that follows the rules? That’s always been there and that’s still bad.” “But increasingly there, they don’t trust him to get things done and solve the big problems either.” Mr Curtis argues the main factor in that drop is skyrocketing energy prices induced by inflation. “And I think that’s particularly true for example of the cost-of-living crisis. Now people are seeing their energy prices go up and they don’t think the government are doing enough to help them with that.” After months of the Ukraine-Russia war dominating the news agenda, the party gate scandal has come back to bite the PM. The Metropolitan police issued Boris, his wife Carrie Johnson and the Chancelllor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak with what could be one of a series of fines in the coming weeks and months. In total, more than 50 fines were issued. The Daily Mirror reported the allegations in November 2021 that some 10 Downing Street had held illegal gatherings on Christmas of 2020, directly breaching the Covid-19 rules set by Johnson’s government itself. Following reports alleged more covid-breaking parties were held on Boris Johnson’s birthday in June 2020. Police are now investigating 12 events that took place between May 2020 and April 2021. READ MORE: Putin health fears: Russian leader 'in state of psychosis' and haunted by 'voices in head' Mr Curtis continued: “whenever we’ve been polling on him since when he became leader since he won that landslide general election victory back in 2019, there were certain characteristics that were associated with him.” “But trustworthiness was never one of them, never that kind of person.” “So, you obviously have that form of morality issue. Is he the kind of person that follows the rules? That’s always been there and that’s still bad." DON'T MISS: 'Matter of physical survival!' Putin told losing war to have 'devastating' outcome for him [INSIGHT]Brexit Britain shows its power as non-EU migrant numbers soar -new system reaping benefits [ANALYSIS]Brexit LIVE: 'Lots of concern' Furious fishing row erupts as Falklands hammered by tariffs [LIVE] Boris Johnson apologised for the incidents but ruled out resigning. His Justice Secretary David Wolfson stepped down. The report into parties and ‘work events’ at Downing Street Parties by civil servant Sue Gray hasn’t been released yet. Sue Gray was reportedly told she can’t publish her highly anticipated report until all fines are issued. “The thing that’s always appealed to the public about Boris Johnson is that he can get the job done, whether that’s getting Brexit done back in 2019, getting the vaccine rollout done in 2021.” According to a YouGov poll, 65 percent of all adults think PM Johnson is doing badly.