Kate Garraway has been flooded with criticism after her recent comments about the National Health Service (NHS) were misinterpreted by viewers. The Good Morning Britain presenter hit back on Twitter today after being forced to clarify her stance on the public health service which supported her husband Derek Draper through his recent battle with Covid. The 54-year-old was joined by Richard Madeley on the ITV programme on April 6 where they discussed the national insurance rise which will help the NHS to recover from the pandemic and help to fund social care in England. Kate has since been flooded with tweets as social media users claimed she had been "advocating" for the health service to become private. During the discussion on GMB, show guest and journalist, Andrew Pierce, claimed that he had read a story that claimed some NHS diversity managers were going to be paid a salary of £95,000, to which Kevin McGuire alleged this was to compete with the private sector. "That £95,000 should be spent on nurses and doctors," Andrew said. READ MORE: BBC's Sam Quek sparks reaction after breast milk leaks through shirt Reacting to the comment, Kate said: "But that’s a terrible message, Kevin. You’re competing with a private sector, someone who could earn money in the private sector of £90,000. "So, you’re valuing their skills but you’re not valuing the skills of the nurse." Kevin interjected: "If you want to get the best people to run it and you want it to be as efficient as it can, I’m afraid you have to compete with the private sector." "But you don’t just want the best people to run it, you want the best people to nurse and doctor in it and keep them there," Kate replied.  Following the discussion, a viewer took to social media and questioned Kate's position on the NHS. Twitter user, Vince G stated: "Both Kate Garraway & Richard Madeley on @GMB advocating privatisation of the #NHS!!!" The post gained a lot of traction with others taking issue with the claim. Xtine queried: "@kategarraway did you really just support privatisation of the NHS? If you did I hope you paid for your husband’s covid treatment yourselves." DON'T MISS... Britney Spears strips naked in pool as singer goes topless in clip[LATEST]'I'm a jealous person' Emma Willis banned husband Matt from Strictly[ADMISSION]Penny Lancaster, 51, puts on affectionate display with Rod Stewart, 77[PICTURES] In view of her 497,000 followers, Kate replied: "Nope I didn’t xxx." Another social media user, Lady Lem-Sip mused: "That cannot be right ...after all the love care and attention her husband got from the #NHS surely not @kategarraway." The GMB presenter set the record straight and confirmed she would not like to see the NHS become a private institution. Assuring viewers that this was not the case, Kate said: "Ok - before this gets a life of its own from whoever originally misheard... I didn’t, at any point say the NHS should be privatised or anything even like it ?!! Ever." Kate's comments comes after her husband Derek, 54, spent over a year in hospital after being diagnosed with Covid. The former political advisor became seriously ill after he contracted the virus in March 2020. He is now free of the virus but has continued to receive long-term care at the family home. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV at 6am.