European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen announced a European Union ban on Russian coal, which cuts off 4 billion euros in Russia’s revenue, among other bans aimed at weakening Russia’s economy and stopping Putin’s war machine in Ukraine. Ms von der Leyen said: "Finally, it was high time to do this step. It’s the first time that we directly sanction the import of fossil fuels from Russia that’s cutting an important revenue source."  In 2021, the EU was Russia’s fifth-largest trade partner, representing 5.8 percent of the EU’s total trade in goods with the world. And in 2019, the EU was the largest investor in Russia, with an estimated stock of 331.4 billion euros. With heavy investments in Russia, the EU can use its leverage over the energy market to stop the flow of cash flowing to Russia and feeding Putin’s war machine. Ms von der Leyen said: "Our sanctions are hard because they limit the Kremlin’s political and economic options. They are smart because they affect Russia much harder than us." But the main fear among some EU leaders – especially German Chancellor Olaf Schulz – is that sanctions could backfire on their respective countries and lead to economic recession. President von der Leyen told MEPs: "And honourable members, these sanctions will not be our last sanctions.  “As I said already yesterday, yes - we’ve now banned coal. But now we have to look into oil, and we’ll have to look into the revenue that Russia gets from the fossil fuels.” In 2020, the EU relied on Russia for 26 percent of its crude oil imports and imported 53 percent of hard coal from Russia, according to Eurostat. Other sanctions include a ban on targeted products such as wood, cement, and seafood liquor which could deprive Russia of 5.5 billion euros annually, and a transaction ban on four Russian banks. The EU’s fifth sanctions package comes ahead of a high-profile meeting between President Von der Leyen, EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell and Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky in Kyiv. READ MORE: 'It's dead' Scottish voters brand expected massive SNP election win the end of Scotland Ms von der Leyen yesterday announced an investigation into war crimes committed by Russian troops in Ukraine after more than 300 civilian bodies were reportedly found in Bucha following Russian troops’ retreat from the Kyiv region. Whether the latest sanctions will impact Russia’s economy remains unclear. Russian currency, the ruble, seems to be rebounding from a steep decline it experienced in the days following the February 24 invasion, according to Bloomberg. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Czech tanks roll into Ukraine as NATO member sends warning to Putin [LIVE]London weather sparks panic as 'car alarms set off' by torrential rain - lightning strikes [BREAKING]Truss slaps Putin with energy hammer blow as UK unveils plan to cripple Russia's oil power [BREAKING] The US White House, however, predicts that Russia’s GDP will fall by up to 15 percent this year, erasing the last 15 years of economic gains. US President Joe Biden has further escalated Russian sanctions with the blacklisting of Putin’s two adult daughters and members of Russian foreign minister’s family, the expansion of sanctions on Russia’s largest bank, and a ban on all new investments in Russia. Mr Biden said in a message on Twitter: "I made clear that Russia would pay a severe and immediate price for its atrocities in Bucha. "Today, along with our Allies and partners, we're announcing a new round of devastating sanctions."