The Queen has often appeared virtually recently, so the nation was delighted when the Queen appeared in person at Westminster Abbey for her late husband's memorial service last Tuesday. The Queen's attendance was only confirmed on the morning of the event, and while the Queen is thought to be in good health, she has reportedly had some mobility issues that the royal household has had to take into account when organising the royal diary.  In a video for the Telegraph, royal expert Camilla Tominey explained the Queen was "determined" to be at Westminster for her late husband's memorial service last week, despite struggling with what is thought to be "mobility problems". She explained: "Despite her own discomfort, she was determined to be there. Yes, concessions had to be made to ensure she was as comfortable as possible but it's these types of engagements she will move heaven and earth to attend." Ms Tominey added: "The monarchy is changing before our very eyes and arguably that's no bad thing. "What we think is the Queen isn't having health problems but mobility problems - she can't stand for long periods or walk for long distances and therefore accommodations are being made.  READ MORE: Meghan cuts final ties to UK as Duchess opens up in loving statement "I think the palace are handling this very much as they did when the Duke of Edinburgh retired and he was able to say which engagements he did or didn't want to attend at very short notice." Speculation about the Queen's attendance at the service was rife in the run-up to the event, and it was reported all options were being considered to make sure the Queen was comfortable at the Abbey. The Queen arrived at the service via a different entrance to the rest of the Royal Family to allow her easier access, and she was guided to her seat by her controversial son Prince Andrew, who also rode with the monarch in the same car to the service. Although the Queen now rarely appears out and about in public, since last autumn she has appeared happy while keeping to a busy diary of engagements either virtually or at her home of Windsor Castle.   Last month royal fans were delighted by pictures of the Queen beaming when she met Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for a private audience. According to Ms Tominey, these living room audiences will likely be "happening more frequently now". And although virtual audiences became popular for the royals during the height of the pandemic, it certainly seems this medium will continue to be incorporated into the monarch's schedule. Although the first anniversary of Prince Philip's death looms on Saturday, the Queen was still receiving visitors virtually at Buckingham Palace earlier this week. The Queen was all smiles from her desk in Windsor's Oak Sitting Room on Tuesday as she greeted the Ambassadors of Libya and the Republic of Congo via video link.  DON'T MISS:Camilla broke royal wedding tradition with tiara snub [INSIGHT]Queen Camilla: Duchess's popularity riding high after Queen's approval [ANALYSIS]Royal Family ranked: New data shows most and least popular royals [EXPLAINER] And with the Queen's public diary reduced, it seems the royal baton will largely fall to Prince Charles and Prince William to deputise for the Queen in the foreseeable future, with other working royals also taking on many public duties in recent months. Recently, Charles had led the royal contingent at several key events, including the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow and the Remembrance Sunday service at the Cenotaph. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge returned from their Platinum Jubilee tour of the Caribbean, while Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall visited the Republic of Ireland. Sophie, Countess of Wessex and Prince Edward, and the Queen's daughter Princess Anne have also been enlisted to complete their own royal tours this month, filling in for the Queen who no longer travels abroad. 