The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who quit royal duties for a new life in the US in 2020, currently live in a mansion in California. But the couple are reportedly considering a second home in the Big Apple. The Daily Mail reports that Harry and Meghan are looking at renting a flat near the United Nations headquarters in Manhattan. The Sussexes visited the UN during a tour of New York last September, where they had a meeting with Deputy Secretary-General Amina Mohammed. Ms Mohammed tweeted afterwards: “In conversation with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. “Sharing how to engage on issues we care about deeply: climate action, women's economic empowerment, mental wellbeing, youth engagement and vaccine equity.” The New York tour was the couple's first public appearance together since the birth of their daughter Lili in June. It was also Harry and Meghan’s first major public trip post-Megxit. At one point, the Duchess was asked if she was enjoying her visit to New York. Meghan smiled and replied: "It's wonderful to be back, thank you." READ MORE: Prince Harry 'risks upset of family values-oriented fans'  The Sussexes’ New York tour also included an appearance at the city’s One World Trade Centre, built on the site of the twin towers which were destroyed in the September 11 attacks. They posed for the media at the top of the skyscraper against the panoramic backdrop, alongside New York City mayor Bill de Blasio and Governor of New York State Kathy Hochul. Meghan and Harry went on to meet youngsters from the Harlem school to promote literacy, where the Duchess read her children’s book The Bench. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan makes 'crucial misstep' [LIVE BLOG]Fears Meghan Markle podcast will centre on bitter score-settling [INSIGHT]Harry likely to return without Meghan ‘to stay onboard with Queen' [VIDEO] The tour finished with the Sussexes stepping out on stage in Central Park for Global Citizen Live. The couple joined the 24-hour broadcast being staged in New York's famous Central Park and around the world. It was part of a number of shows being held in cities from London to Lagos by the organisation Global Citizen urging leaders to adopt a vaccine equity policy to help end the Covid pandemic. Harry and Meghan currently live in Montecito with their two children Archie and Lili. The couple quit as working royals in 2020 for a new life of personal and financial freedom in America. Representatives for the Sussexes have been contacted for comment.