The pair quit life as working royals in March 2020, relocating to Meghan’s home state of California. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have had a fraught relationship with the press throughout their relationship and distancing from the Royal Family. Royal journalist and Diana, Princess of Wales biographer, Tina Brown, has claimed that Prince Harry “stirring up this hornet’s nest” by taking on the press can be an outlet for the Duke’s anger with the media. She told the Telegraph: “Harry decided to absolutely not capitulate to any dialogue with the press who he believes killed his mother, ruined his life and ruined Meghan’s life. “That’s his view. And he’s not entirely wrong.” She added: “But doing battle with the British media is a lost cause. “And, unfortunately, Meghan is as combative about it as he is.” She compared the Sussexes’ marriage to the Cambridges’, pulling out the differences between the dynamics of the royal unions. She claimed: “William and Kate calm each other down a lot; their marriage works very well in that way. “In the Sussex marriage, they wind each other up and it’s Us Against the World, and that’s a disaster.” READ MORE: ‘Silence says it all’ Harry left in awkward silence after question Back in February, Prince Harry launched a libel action against the publisher of the tabloid, the Mail on Sunday, disputing a story that alleged he lied about offering to foot the bill for police protection in the UK. The Duke is also fighting privacy cases against the publisher of The Sun, News Group Newspapers, and Reach, previously Mirror Group newspapers. He is also seeking a judicial review against the Home Office over the protection he would receive upon his return to the UK. Prince Harry has said he would not bring other members of his family to Britain without assurances of police protection. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Queen pays emotional tribute to 'legacy' of Philip [LIVE] Andrew could return to public life after Philip memorial – expert [INSIGHT] Camilla performs 'recommended' exercise for her age group - here's why [REVEAL] The Home Office told the Duke he would not receive the "same degree" of security when coming back from the US. Prince Harry had offered to pay for the personal security detail himself. The Duke's legal team is arguing the Sussexes' protection in the US cannot operate with the same efficiency abroad, and do not have access to UK intelligence networks. Introducing the case for its first hearing in February, Shaheed Fatima QC argued on behalf of Prince Harry that the Duke was desperate to return to visit family and friends. She said: "This claim is about the fact that the claimant does not feel safe when he is in the UK given the security arrangements applied to him in June 2021 and will continue to be applied to him." She added: "It goes without saying that he does want to come back to see family and friends and to continue to support the charities that are so close to his heart. "Most of all, this is and always will be his home."