Lando Norris has admitted he regrets not fighting with Mercedes stars Lewis Hamilton and George Russell ‘a little more’ during the Australian Grand Prix, whilst also expressing concerns over McLaren’s chances at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. Norris finished last weekend’s race in fifth behind both Mercedes drivers.  This came after the McLaren man had started ahead of both his fellow Englishmen on the grid, before surrendering his advantage to Russell who finished third, and Hamilton who took fourth. Following the race Norris revealed his regrets about his lack of challenge against the Mercedes pair. He told Motorsport.com: “I guess we wanted to fight the Mercedes a little bit more than we did. If I was ahead after turn one without a bad start, they would have passed us at some point in the race anyway. “So I don't think we can be too unhappy. I think we have to be happy with the job we did, they just have a much better car.” Despite the regret, there were plenty of positives for Norris and his McLaren team to take away from Australia. JUST IN: Max Verstappen 'threatens to lose patience' with Red Bull warned  Norris was joined by teammate Daniel Ricciardo in sixth, showing the Surrey-based team are able to compete alongside the likes of Mercedes, Red Bull and Ferrari. However, the Englishman still has concerns about his team, and believes Australia ‘might be as good as it gets for a while’. Norris commented: “The car has been good from the FP1 and throughout the whole weekend, which is a good thing. It shows that there are still those strengths in the car. DON'T MISSRed Bull's reliability problems a concern due to Verstappen contract Max Verstappen admits beating Charles Leclerc 'a big task' Max Verstappen to get his wish at Emilia Romagna Grand Prix  "We just need to keep working on the weaknesses, to be honest, if we want to be here more often because not all tracks are as smooth and as quick as this. So, I think this might be as good as it gets for a while and we're going to a couple of tracks which might be a bit tougher for us.” In spite of his concern the 22-year-old revealed he and his team are ‘motivated’ to produce positive results, as they take a feel good factor into next week’s race in Imola. He added: “But the team is motivated. I guess a day like today [Australian GP] really helps them out and keeps them happy, so a good result for the team.” 