Retired CIA director General David Petraeus has warned about "what's coming" in the next phase of Putin's war on Ukraine. Russian forces have been rotated out from earlier fronts in the north and northeast of Ukraine in the run-up to what is thought to be an all-out push to capture the eastern Donbas region. General Petreaus told CNN: "So the focus now is the Donbas and that is this area here. "This is what was controlled originally by the separatists right here. "You still have the Battle of Mariupol going on, there are still three areas in which there's resistance that the Russians have to deal with once they deal with that. "You'll see these forces come like this and then you'll see the ones that are being pushed into the east of Kharkiv and coming down here these little salients that you can see." JUST IN: Putin threatens to STARVE Germany in horror retaliation to measures "Because what they want to do is to encircle if they can the Ukrainian forces that have been fighting along essentially the frontlines of the Donbas, which is almost a world war one kind of situation with trenches. "I've been there. I was there several years ago when you're right. This is much more open, although there are some cities and they are generally road hubs as well." General Petreaus pointed out: "And by the way, this is Kramatorsk. This is where that terrible bombing of the train station took place that you discussed earlier. "So that's what's coming now." It comes as Ukraine's armed forces braced on Monday for a new Russian offensive as powerful explosions rocked cities in the south and east. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky kept up his tireless campaign to generate international support and rally his countrymen, warning the coming week would be important and tense. "Russia will be even more afraid. It will be afraid to lose. It will fear that the truth will have to be acknowledged," Mr Zelensky said in a late-night video address. DON'T MISSUS reveals hypersonic missile test, risks escalating Russia tension [REPORT]West urged to impose 'realistic red line' on Russia [COMMENTS]POLL: Would you pay more for energy bills to cut off ALL Russian gas? [POLL] "Russian troops will move to even larger operations in the east of our state. They may use even more missiles against us, even more air bombs. But we are preparing for their actions. We will answer." Air raid sirens were heard across Ukraine early on Monday. "It is likely that the enemy, in order to disrupt the supply of goods to the places of hostilities, will continue to strike at transport infrastructure facilities in Ukraine in order to destroy or disable them,'' the general staff of Ukraine's armed forces said. Russian forces were continuing their offensive to establish full control over the southern city of Mariupol, seeking to storm an iron and steel plant and the seaport, it added.