The Jet2 flight G-JZBK, a Boeing 737, was flying from Alicante, Spain to Edinburgh. It was scheduled to arrive at 2:45pm after flying from the Spanish airport at 12:32pm on Thursday. However, at around 2:05pm the aircraft ‘Squawked 7700’, signalling an emergency while over the Yorkshire Dales. The Jet2 flight has continued flying towards Edinburgh, and is currently set to land at 2:47pm according to FlightRadar24. Jet2 confirmed to Express.co.uk the incident was due to a “customer onboard requiring medical assistance”. The flight landed at Edinburgh Airport at 2:26pm BST, and began safely taxiing off the runway. Speaking to Flightradar24, Captain Ken Hoke explained “squawking 7700” is a way of declaring an emergency, and is based on the emergency code to air traffic control facilities. Cpt Hoke, a Boeing 757/767 captain for a package express airline and also AeroSavvy website contributor, told the website: “If a crew resets their transponder to the emergency code of 7700 (squawking 7700), all air traffic control facilities in the area are immediately alerted that the aircraft has an emergency situation. “It’s up to the crew to let ATC know what the exact situation is. It may be an aircraft problem, medical issue, or something else. “In some cases, a crew may not elect to change their transponder to 7700 (it’s not required). If I’m talking to Chicago Approach and have a problem, I’ll tell them the problem, declare an emergency over the radio and get vectors to land immediately. “In an international environment where language and communication may be challenging, squawking 7700 makes it very clear to ATC that the crew needs priority and assistance.” It comes after Jet2 hit a disruptive passenger, who forced one of its flights to divert. with a £5,000 bill and banned her from flying with the airline for life. The carrier named the aggressive woman, who shouted at crew and slapped fellow passengers on Monday’s flight from Manchester to Antalya, as Catherine Bush. Flight LS895 left Manchester shortly after 9am on March 22, for a planned 4hr 30m flight to Turkey. It was forced to divert two hours in after the woman became violent, landing in Vienna at 11.38am. Ms Bush, who is alleged to have attempted to open the plane door mid-flight, has since apologised. Managing Director of Jet2.com Phil Ward said: “Ms Bush displayed a continued pattern of appalling behaviour on the flight and she must now face up to the consequences of her actions. “We have always made it abundantly clear that, as a family friendly airline, we take a zero-tolerance approach to such behaviour and that we will vigorously pursue any costs incurred as a result of such an incident. “Although such incidents are very rare, it is unacceptable that our customers and crew should have to experience it. 'We would like to apologise to anyone who had to experience this behaviour and we would like to commend our highly-trained crew for their exceptional handling of this difficult situation.”