Kaleb Cooper, 23, one of the breakout stars of the popular Amazon Prime Video series Clarkson’s Farm, faced backlash when he began work on other projects. He has spoken about how he decides which brands to partner with and how the backlash has affected his future decisions. The endearing farmer from Chipping Norton rose to fame as Jeremy Clarkson’s sidekick on the show. Kaleb has said in a new interview that he felt overwhelmed by the “offers” he received from brands wanting to work with him. The star said his life changed very quickly. He said: “I got famous, suddenly, and I got all these offers and I didn’t know what to say yes to.” READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies causes stir with sultry bikini pic One particular collaboration which led to Kaleb being branded a “sell-out” by some social media users was his paid partnership with the fast food giant McDonald’s. He worked with the restaurant chain on their campaign in November last year, but some fans didn’t approve and they took to social media to share their frustrations. In the McDonald’s advert, which Kaleb posted to his Instagram account, the company described how they were aiming to be more environmentally friendly with their cooking oil. The post was shared in view of over 900,000 of his social media followers. It divided fans. He wrote: “#AD @McDonaldsUK got me to trade in my tractor for the day for one of its trucks. “I was shown how the used cooking oil is turned into biodiesel that powers over half of its delivery trucks! “Check out my video to see how McDonald’s (and me) is powered by fries. #PlanForChange.” The clip sees Kaleb tell the camera: “Hello, I’ve left the tractors and the countryside behind as McDonald’s is doing something very interesting with their delivery trucks and I want to find out more. I love fries and I love the environment. How can the two possibly be linked?” DON'T MISS:Insight into Brooklyn Beckham's star-studded brunch [UPDATE]Al Pacino, 81, leaves restaurant with Mick Jagger's ex-girlfriend, 28 [LATEST]Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress [PICTURES] Kaleb spoke to McDonald’s Sustainability Officer Sasha Segar, who said: “Used cooking oil is then converted into biodiesel that powers more than half of our delivery trucks.” Kaleb, seeming surprised, replied: ”More than half?” He went on to drive a McDonald’s delivery truck, while enthusiastically shouting out of the window: “The power of fries!” Chris.chaddock.7 wrote on Instagram: “Swapped milking cows for milking the gravy train I see………..such a shame you’ve sold your soul.” Following the backlash, Kaleb was dissuaded from taking on any new projects. The Oxfordshire local explained: “I just didn’t want to do anything. I said no to everything.” Kaleb has since learned from his experience and now has his own cider company. He told The Times on Friday: “Now, everything I do, I have control over.” Kaleb also said: “I spent the last two years planting Jeremy’s spring barley for his beer and to be honest with you, I cannot stand beer. “But I do like cider.” He is writing a book too, The World According To Kaleb, which is due for release in October.