Royal biographer Robert Jobson said the Queen Mother would invite William, who is second in line to the throne, to see her at Clarence House without Harry. Mr Jobson added that she would also arrange for the future King to sit next to her at family gatherings. The royal author claimed that "such distinctions became a source of tension" between the brothers. Writing in his new book William At 40, serialised in the Mail on Sunday, Mr Jobson said: "By the time he was just eight years old, Prince William was already used to being treated with deference by some of the royal staff. "On top of that, the Queen Mother made it quite clear which of the two little princes deserved more of her attention. "At family gatherings, their great-grandmother would often call for a chair to be placed next to hers, then ask for William to be seated next to her. "She would also invite him to go to see her at Clarence House — without his younger brother. "Not surprisingly, Prince Harry felt overshadowed — though he has never publicly expressed hurt or resentment at being the less favoured child. "There’s no doubt, however, that such distinctions became a source of tension." READ MORE: Prince Harry savaged as Trump rages over Queen's treatment The Duke of Cambridge is second in line to the throne behind his father Prince Charles. Following the births of William's three children, Harry has been bumped down to sixth in line. The Duke of Sussex is now living in California with Meghan Markle after the couple quit as working royals. The Sussexes ended royal duties in March 2020 for new lives of personal and financial freedom in America. DON'T MISS'Tattle-tale!' William's reaction to Harry's mischievous antics [INSIGHT]Prince Harry skipping Prince Philip memorial 'worst of all' blows Duke [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: William 'furious' at Meghan and Harry [LIVE BLOG] Harry and Meghan are living in Montecito with their two children Archie and Lili. They recently returned to the UK together for the first time since Megxit to see the Queen at Windsor Castle en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. Harry had previously travelled back to Britain twice on his own. The Duke is currently embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in the UK. Speaking at the Invictus Games last week, he said he did not know if he will return to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. And he appeared to commit his immediate future to the US, saying: "Home for me now is, you know, for the time being, it's in the States, and it feels that way as well." 