When the Moon is in Aries, days tend to feel more active and you might be faster to respond - in quick wit as well as impulsivity. Although, with an Aries Moon comes a shorter temper, and the increased pace felt while transiting in this sign can often lead to a heightened likeness to jump to conclusions. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for April 28. While the Moon moves through each zodiac sign, its core energies surrounding emotion, intuition, instincts, reflectiveness and subconscious, are channelled through the traits of each sign. AstrologyTV said: “This means that each of the transit Moons has a slightly different feel to it.” The Aries sign symbol is a Ram, which is associated with initiation, courage, boldness, spontaneity, and inspiration. Those born under the sign of Aries tend to be motivated, passionate, and confident. They often make great leaders and are full of determination and prowess to build and protect, according to Star Name Registry.  READ MORE: Are medicinal mushrooms the new CBD? Expert shares health benefits  These energies will transcend through your actions today, so against the positive elements of heightened confidence, spontaneity and inspiration, try to be mindful of the increased tendency to lose your temper or act with aggression. Cafe Astrolgoy said: “Mercury forms a trine to Pluto this morning, helping us discern matters and focus our minds. “The potential is with us for profound insight, psychological understanding, awareness, and focused attention. “We seek the hidden message and readily draw upon our powers of persuasion.”  This means it’s a good time to devise strategies and make observations - problem-solving will come more naturally to you, so if there’s anything needing to be resolved, make that a focus today. This also makes it a good time to face up to and tackle past demons. Cafe Astrology said: “Dealing with doubt and guilt today can help clear the path for opportunities, although it may not be straightforward with Mercury’s semi-square to Chiron this afternoon. “This transit challenges us to communicate with more sensitivity.”  DON'T MISS: Arthritis: Best foods to reduce symptoms [INSIGHT]Can I drink Kombucha every day? Health benefits and how to make it [EXPLAINED]Star sign: Best dog for each star sign - 'perfect' compatibility [ANALYSIS]   A Mercury Chiron alignment prompts a connection between the rational mind, the way we communicate, and lessons we might need to learn. Astro Tarot said: “When these two planets are in contact, there is a chance to heal through words. Once you understand your traumas, you can help others heal themselves.” Although there might be a stronger “anxiety about saying something wrong”. With this in mind, paired with the Aries Moon transit, try to step a little more carefully today and put extra thought into your actions to avoid possible mishaps and mitigate any anxieties. 