The Spanish dancer, Gorka Marquez has been a fan-favourite with BBC viewers after first appearing on Strictly Come Dancing back in 2016. Gorka and his wife-to-be Gemma Atkinson first crossed paths during the 15th season of the dancing competition despite being partnered up with other people. While promoting his new dance project, Strictly Come Dancing: The Professionals Tour 2022, the 32-year-old candidly spoke about leaving his family behind for two weeks and shared why it was even more difficult this time around. Host Ranvir Singh, who was stepping in for Lorraine Kelly, welcomed dancers Neil Jones, Katya Jones and Gorka onto the daytime programme to speak about their latest project. The ITV presenter began: “Listen, so I know you’ve got to be away for quite a long time,” turning to Gorka, Ranvir said: “And you obviously, with Gemma Atkinson whom you met on Strictly.” She gushed: “I follow you guys on Instagram and Gemma’s incredible, isn’t she? “Your beautiful little girl Mia, it’s hard [being away] for you, I think, as a dad?” READ MORE:Only Fools and Horses' Raquel details 'strange' moment with co-star The Spanish performer replied: “It’s difficult being away, you know, we just came back from holidays and it also makes it more difficult now. “We spent like, 10 days [being] 24/7 together having fun and doing fun stuff.” Gorka continued: “Now, I don’t see her for the next two weeks, so it’s quite difficult.” The Good Morning Britain presenter asked: “Does Mia know what you do?” Before adding “Does she understand?”  Gorka told the host: “Yeah, yeah, she came to watch me perform for the first time when I did the FIREDANCE [tour] with Karen [Hauer]. “And it was so funny because there was a number when it all goes quiet and it’s just me and Karen on stage. “The whole theatre in Manchester was in silence and I could hear her, she just went like, ‘Papa.'” Neil and Katya let out a huge "aww", while Gorka added: "I just wanted to cry... it was just the most beautiful moment."  Gorka and the former Emmerdale soap star welcomed their baby girl into the world on July 4 in 2019. The lovebirds announced their engagement last year with Gemma sharing the news on Instagram to her 1.7m followers. Posing next to her husband to be the 36-year-old actress flashed her diamond engagement ring and captioned the snap: “Valentine’s forever... “Of course, I said yes,” she added.  Meanwhile, Gemma has also shared her upset when the Latin Ballroom dancer is away from home with work. Gemma said: "When Gorka's away and I'm on my own with Mia I have to be in the 5 am club. "I've got from 5 till 7 in the morning to train, eat, shower. "The day when he's home, the one day when he's home, she lies in." [Sic] She fumed to her followers on Instagram: "On the day I don't need help, rushing around. Kids know, unbelievable!" Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 9am 