Grandmother Dolet Hill, 64, was found dead with two other women and a man after they were attacked at a terraced property in south London. Witnesses heard chilling screams in the early hours before seeing armed police charge into the property while a force helicopter hovered overhead. Scotland Yard confirmed they have arrested a man in his 20s over the tragedy and said the suspect and victims were known to each other. None of the victims’ names were officially confirmed but police said the women were aged in their mid 60s, 40s and 30s, and the man in his mid 60s. Mrs Hill, a Jamaican-born housekeeper at Guy’s Hospital, was named locally as a “lovely lady” who had two daughters and two grandchildren. Her niece Venecia Reid said: "She was very loving, very kind, very generous. "She worked very hard in this country to support her two girls and her two grandkids. She does not deserve this." A friend said: “She was a lovely lady - she worked at Guy's Hospital as a housekeeper. “She was also having treatment for cancer. I can't believe this has happened. “I know she has two daughters. My heart goes out to her family. It's such an awful, awful thing to happen.' Another added: “My friend knew Dolet as she used to work with her at Guy's Hospital.“  The horror unfolded shortly after 1.30am yesterday in Delaford Road, Bermondsey, when neighbours heard screams from the house. Electoral records state that Mrs Hill has lived at the property for five years with a Denton Burke. Anne Birkett, 60, whose home backs onto the property, said she was woken by police sirens and a circling helicopter just before 2am. "I was woken up about 1.45am where I saw loads of flashing lights, loads of police cars, and a helicopter. "My husband wanted to go out there and see what's happening but I said allow the police to do their jobs.” The 60-year-old added: “It’s devastating - you hear all of this but you never assume it's going to be right on your own doorstep.” Another neighbour added: "I was watching telly when about half 1 in the morning, I heard a woman screaming for about five minutes. "It was awful. I thought it was someone was holding someone hostage or something. "But when I heard the police, the helicopter, the ambulances, I knew it was really serious. "I saw about eight or nine police cars - all were armed - come out and surround the area."  A third said: "I saw a load of police jump out of their cars with guns. There were about eight police cars, several ambulances, and some of them were going door to door. "They came to the back garden to make sure our door was secure.” Chief Superintendent Colin Wingrove, Metropolitan Police commander for the Southwark borough, said: "This is a deeply shocking incident. "Such terrible events are rare. But this will not diminish the shock that we felt across London and beyond. "And I can assure you this investigation will be thorough to ensure justice for the victims and their families and the community." The street was partially closed off with metal hoardings, while forensic tents erected for scenes of crime officers.  Local MP Harriet Harman described the killings as a "terrible tragedy” after speaking to officers during a visit to the scene. She added: "That is shocking to happen anywhere but especially in this very peaceful, quiet, very settled community here. "The police have arrested someone but it's really important still that people give information so that whoever committed this horrific crime can be brought to justice. "It's a terrible tragedy and our thoughts are with the family and friends of those who've tragically had their lives cut short."  A London Ambulance spokesman said:"We sent three ambulance crews, two fast response units, two incident response officers, two advanced paramedics and a team leader to the scene. "Our team worked closely with colleagues from other emergency services. "Sadly, despite the best efforts of our medics, four patients died at the scene." 