Matt Lucas has dismissed claims that he may have benefitted from favouritism by Paul Hollywood after he made the temporary move from presenter to contestant on The Great Celebrity Bake Off for SU2C last night. The former side-kick to David Walliams on Little Britain wrote a defiant tweet to his 1.2 million followers on the subject, signing off with a reminder that he saw himself as "an icon and a natural treasure". The 48-year-old actor and comedian had taken part in the Great British Bake Off together with Ed Gamble, Annie Mac and rapper Example, after a fourth celebrity contestant, believed to be Martine McCutcheon, pulled out. Matt was awarded with one of Paul's famous "Hollywood Handshakes" after a challenge that had seen him prepare some biscuits themed around the Arsenal football team. Fellow judge Prue Leith had shown her disapproval over the congratulatory move by trying to push Paul's hand away from Matt's, but the coveted handshake still took place. The other three contestants notably failed to receive one - and it started a Twitter storm. READ NOW: Ricky Gervais blasts Will Smith for slapping 'gentle' Chris Rock One poll quizzed fellow followers: "Does Matt Lucas' handshake count?", only for 60 per cent of viewers to adamantly vote 'no'. Yet Matt, who came top in the technical challenge after mastering some delicious jam doughnuts, was nonplussed by the scepticism. "Say what you like. I don’t care," he tweeted in defiance. "I got a Hollywood Handshake and I won the Technical.  It is believed that he was standing in for Martine McCutcheon, which Example also speculated on, describing Matt as a "soldier" for taking up the challenge. "I was told it was me, Annie Mac, Ed Gamble and Martine McCutcheon and I got there and Martine McCutcheon wasn’t there," he elaborated on ITV show Lorraine. "I’m pretty sure that Matt Lucas jumped in at the last minute as obviously he was meant to be one of the presenters." He then added: "I think fair play to him as he had no preparation... the morning we started filming, he was told: ‘Sorry, you’re not going to be presenting today, you’re going to be baking’, so he’s the real soldier in all this." Not everything went according to plan for the comic's big moment, with Matt experiencing some jitters. Paul Hollywood sympathised with the last minute pressures, describing his protege as "nervous" and "tetchy" - and, in a blow for Matt, revealed on the show that he appeared not to have mastered any baking skills over the past two years. However, the support and praise came flooding in on Twitter after Matt's defiant retort, with @amanda_angela80 replying: "You’re definitely a national treasure and we think you were marvellous... please stay on Bake off forever." Meanwhile @JanetDoubs referred to the show's Stand Up To Cancer charity links, praising: "I thought it was fun, light hearted entertainment while raising money for a very worthy cause."