Manchester United apparently have 12 players who want to quit Old Trafford this summer - but club chiefs will block the exits of six of them as they are still in contract. The Red Devils have suffered a dismal season this time around and look destined to miss out on a top four Premier League finish. United have fallen to seventh in the Premier League table after they were held to a 1-1 draw by Leicester City last weekend. Ralf Rangnick’s side have been woeful since the turn of the year and have dropped points to Aston Villa, Burnley, Southampton and Watford as well as suffering defeats at the hands of Wolves and Manchester City. They were also knocked out of the FA Cup by Championship side Middlesbrough in the fourth round, before being dispatched by Atletico Madrid in the last 16 of the Champions League. There are clearly problems at Old Trafford and a whole host of stars are chomping at the bit to leave. Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard, Edinson Cavani, Juan Mata, Tahith Chong and Lee Grant are all out of contract this summer. And, according to The Mirror, they will be on their way at the end of the season. READ MORE: Benzema proves Rio Ferdinand wrong as Real Madrid star bags Chelsea hat-trick    But the publication also claims that Anthony Martial, Donny van de Beek, Dean Henderson, Phil Jones, Axel Tuanzebe and Eric Bailly all want to head for the exit as well. But they’ve apparently been told they can’t leave as they still have time remaining on their current deals. The future of Cristiano Ronaldo is also up in the air and he could push for a move away if United fail to qualify for the Champions League. And it is also unclear whether Marcus Rashford will stay following a miserable season which has seen him fall down the pecking order at the club and struggle to command a place in the starting team. DON'T MISSLiverpool have Carvalho deal 'done' with £7.7m fee agreed for summer signingChelsea's Mount has defiant message for Real Madrid - 'If anyone can do it, it's us'Thierry Henry's puzzled reaction when Micah Richards compared Benzema to Harry Kane      The Red Devils look set to appoint Erik ten Hag as their new manager this summer after the Dutchman impressed during an interview last month. And he could ultimately allow some stars to leave once he decides which players will be useful to him. But, for now, players still in contract will be expected to attempt to impress the new manager and have been told they will be given a fair chance to do so. United will be looking to assuage their on-field burdens when they travel to Goodison Park to take on Everton on Saturday afternoon. And if they lose that match, any remaining hopes of securing Champions League football next season will all but disappear.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here