Mauricio Pochettino has been heavily linked with the Manchester United job recently amid uncertainty over his long-term future at Paris Saint-Germain despite being contracted in the French capital until at least the end of next season. The Argentine has been asked if he will still be at PSG next season but preferred to stay coy amid the possibility he may head to Old Trafford instead. Pochettino has been linked with the United job for a number of years, with the earliest rumours dating back to his Tottenham days as the north London outfit became one of the best teams in Europe under his leadership. A move to United never transpired back then, and following his sacking at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in November 2019 the former Southampton boss moved to PSG. Despite that he has still been linked with the Red Devils ever since taking charge of his former club in January 2021. But after persistent links with the role, that will become vacant at the end of the season once interim United manager Ralf Rangnick's contract expires, the Argentine has played down rumours he will leave Les Parisiens. "If it is possible to stay at PSG next season? For the moment, I am not discussing my future with the leaders of the club," he told Foot Mercato. "I have one year left on my contract, but it is important to analyse before making a decision and afterwards of course, we will also respect the decision taken by the club for the future. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Fred vindicates Alves claim after rescuing Leicester draw "What will happen will happen." United's current interim boss Rangnick will move into a consultancy role at the end of the season, paving the way for a new manager to permanently take his position. However, the German said he will have absolutely no say in who his replacement will be - despite fronting the club's recruitment and development plans once the season ends. “The picture for me is clear, internally we spoke about it - there is nothing else I can say," Rangnick said. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford jobTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle winLiverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader' “New manager? I’m the wrong person to ask. The board is speaking with some potential new managers, but I can’t help." The club currently sit seventh in the Premier League table, having won just two of their last five fixtures. Their Champions League dreams continue to fade, and they will be nine points behind Arsenal with just eight games to go if the Gunners win their games in hand. And it would be United's worst ever Premier League finish if they end up eighth or lower in the current campaign.