The state pension is often viewed as the key source of financial help during retirement, after people pay in their National Insurance contributions. However, those over the state pension age may be entitled to further assistance. Some are not aware of the fact they could get support if they are living with certain health conditions. A payment has been established for this very circumstance and is known as Attendance Allowance. Available for people over state pension age, individuals must also be living with a health condition or disability. One such condition which could require additional help is vision loss and blindness. READ MORE: ‘Had no idea!’ WASPI woman, 70, frustrated at state pension age change The NHS states more than two million people are currently living with sight loss in the UK. Of these, approximately 340,000 are registered as blind or partially sighted. Understandably, this could create challenges for those living with a condition such as this. It could impact their ability to carry out day-to-day tasks, and they may need modifications to carry on with their lives. DON'T MISS'Queen’s telegram, frozen state pension!' 100-year-olds pension plight [EXCLUSIVE]Pension savers could get free 100% savings boost - act now [INSIGHT]Britons may be able to boost their husband or wife's retirement fund [ANALYSIS] While Attendance Allowance does not cover mobility, it can be particularly useful to many. Individuals could get a sum to help with their personal support if they are physically or mentally disabled. People do not have to have someone caring for them in order to claim. The payment is issued at two different rates, and how much a person gets depends on the level of care and support they need. The lower rate is £60 per week for those who need “frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night”. The higher rate of £89.60 per week is reserved for those who require help or supervision throughout both day and night. Consequently, claimants could receive up to £358 per month to help with their needs. This means what someone earns or how much they have in savings does not impact what they receive.   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To claim the payment, individuals need to fill in the relevant claim form and send it off by post. The form, available on the Government’s website or via the Attendance Allowance helpline, comes with instructions on how to fill it in. Attendance Allowance can also be backdated to the date of a person’s claim. This is usually the date the form is received or the date the claimant calls the enquiry line, if the claim pack is then returned within six weeks. Attendance Allowance is also not a means-tested benefit.