It just had to be him. Real Madrid were poor throughout their Champions League match with Chelsea, with Carlo Ancelotti’s side inferior in just about every department. However, it was almost destiny that Karim Benzema popped up with a crucial winner in extra time. Real Madrid were superb in the first leg against Chelsea, winning 3-1 courtesy of a stunning hat-trick from Karim Benzema. But Los Blancos were nearly rocked in their own backyard as Thomas Tuchel’s men turned on the style on Tuesday night. Mason Mount got the comeback started, with the England international expertly blasting past Thibaut Courtois in the 15th minute. Antonio Rudiger then doubled Chelsea’s lead, rising highest to head home from a corner and spark wild scenes in the away end. And Timo Werner made it 3-1 with a brilliant finish that looked set to send Chelsea through to the semi-finals within 90 minutes. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Real, however, were able to do what all big teams do: get the job done. Rodrygo made it 3-1 on the night and 4-4 on aggregate after Luka Modric's brilliant ball sent the Brazilian through. Yet then it was Benzema time. In the first half of extra time, the France international bagged his 38th goal of the season with a powerful header that gave Edouard Mendy no chance. If it wasn’t for him, Carlo Ancelotti’s job would be on the line. Because of him, the Italian can sleep soundly tonight. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Benzema was, in truth, on the fringes of the action. The Real striker was starved of service for the most part, with Vinicius Jr particularly wasteful going forward. Yet the former Lyon star showed he’s Madrid’s superhero by popping up with a goal just as his side really needed it. Since Cristiano Ronaldo departed in 2018, Benzema has been Los Blancos’ talisman. He’s stepped up, delivered, silenced all of those critics who never thought he was good enough to play for such a club. Benzema has now scored 83 Champions League goals throughout his career. That’s only three less than Robert Lewandowski, who won’t be adding to his tally this year following Bayern Munich’s exit to Villarreal. And he’s now got every right to be recognised as a modern day legend, particularly at the Bernabeu. While it was joy for Madrid, it was agony for Chelsea. Yet Tuchel should take heart from the way his side performed, even if their schedule for the rest of the campaign is a lot shorter. Mount was outstanding throughout the game, taking his goal in the early stages of the contest remarkably well. Werner was impressive, too, prior to the Germany international being withdrawn. And Kai Havertz huffed and puffed all night long, with the former Bayer Leverkusen star making his mark on yet another grand European evening. And Chelsea can be optimistic about the future after they showed such bravery in the face of a brutal and beautiful Bernabeu stadium.