Former British and Irish Lions prop Tom Smith has died at the age of 50 after a battle with cancer. Smith embarked on two tours with the British and Irish Lions and has been described as 'the greatest Scotland player of the professional era to date' by Sir Ian McGeechan, who coached him with Scotland and the Lions on their 1997 tour of South Africa. Smith racked up a total of six appearances for the Lions and played another 61 games for Scotland over the course of his 13-year professional career. He was previously diagnosed with stage four colon cancer in 2019, which had spread to his brain and liver. "A hugely respected player, Tom will be greatly missed by everyone associated with rugby in Scotland and throughout the game," said Scottish Rugby in a statement. "All our thoughts are with Tom's family and friends at this time." The Lions also tweeted to offer their condolences, adding: "We are deeply saddened to learn of the passing of Tom Smith. Tom made an incredible impact for the Lions, touring in 1997 as well as 2001 and was one of the great props to play the game. Our thoughts are with his family and friends during this difficult time." JUST IN: Woods playing the Masters 'good for golf' as Augusta rivals delighted Smith spent five years in amateur rugby before making the step up to Caledonia Reds in 1996, where he played for two years before joining Glasgow Warriors and later CA Brive. He returned to the UK in 2001 with Northampton Saints and made 174 appearances during his eight-year spell at the club, scoring a half century of points in the process. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest Scottish players in the history of the game after playing an instrumental role in securing their historic Five Nations triumph in 1999. Smith was inducted into the Scottish Rugby Hall of Fame last year and was given the honour of presenting the match ball before Scotland's defeat at the hands of South Africa at Murrayfield back in November. Smith went into coaching at the end of his playing career and spent time at Edinburgh and Lyon before stepping back from the game in the wake of his cancer diagnosis. He spoke highly of the level of public support he received at the time after a fundraising page set up in the aftermath of his diagnosis raised almost £19,000 in donations. "The response has been overwhelming, utterly uplifting," Smith told The Telegraph. "The love out there has given me something very rare and special, something I wouldn’t have had. It has been life-affirming."