Netherlands boss Louis van Gaal, who managed Manchester United from 2014 to 2016, has revealed he has prostate cancer. Van Gaal made the shock announcement that he's suffering from the disease during the show 'Humberto' on Dutch TV on Sunday evening. The 70-year-old appeared on RTL programming to promote his new film LOUIS, in which his cancer is discussed. He confirmed he had been diagnosed with an aggressive form for a prolonged period and has already undergone treatment 25 times. Van Gaal also shared a heartbreaking story of having to hide the truth from his players whilst working with the Dutch national team. He told RTL: "In each period during my time as manager of the national team, I had to leave in the night to go to the hospital without the players finding it out until now, while thinking I was healthy. But.. I am not." "I didn't want to tell it to my players because it could have influenced their performances," Van Gaal added. "I have a lot of discipline and willpower. I can do the job because I like it. I like to work with this squad. This is a present for me at a late age, this is how I see it." JUST IN: Newcastle icon Alan Shearer targets four players in scathing rant The iconic coach is preparing his Netherlands squad for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. On Friday, the nation was drawn against hosts Qatar, Africa Cup of Nations champions Senegal and Ecuador in Group A of the highly-anticipated tournament. Van Gaal officially retired in 2019 but returned to management after a five-year hiatus by beginning a third stint with the Netherlands national team in 2021. He replaced Frank de Boer following the delayed Euro 2020, in which the country disappointed, and will lead them into the upcoming World Cup in what could be his final bow in football. READ MORE: Man Utd prepare 'high transfer offer' for Barcelona star Ronald Araujo  The charismatic Dutchman has trailblazed a phenomenal legacy in coaching, first managing Ajax in 1991 before Barcelona, AZ Alkmaar, Bayern Munich and United across a 25-year career at club level. He has won 20 trophies throughout his stellar run, including the Dutch Eredivise, La Liga, the Bundesliga and the Champions League. Van Gaal most recently lifted the 2016 FA Cup with United before being replaced at Old Trafford by Jose Mourinho. Whilst he garnered criticism for his play style at times, his infectious personality produced a memorable highlight reel of off-field moments during his tenure at the Red Devils' helm. Everyone at Express Sport wishes Louis and his family all the best during this difficult time.