Reports emanating from France suggest Mr Macron is suffering from “cold sweats” at the notion of Ms Le Pen causing an upset in the elections due to start on Sunday, April 10. With polls suggesting the first round of voting has all but become a two-horse race, some commentators warn an upset may be on the cards as Ms Le Pen seeks to become the Republic’s first female President.  In 2017, during his victory speech, Mr Macron promised France would “no longer have any reason to vote for the extremes.” Yet, five years later, once again Mr Macron is likely to face his arch-rival from National Rally in the second round run-off. Polls currently see Mr Macron tipped to secure 28 percent in the first round of voting. Ms Le Pen is currently sitting on 21 percent, with the figure inching up slowly as the final days of campaigning come to an end.  Senior French officials have been outspoken in their views on Ms Len Pen.Former Prime Minister and Macron ally Edouard Philippe said: “Of course, Marine Le Pen can win. “Her programme is dangerous.” Now back to his former post of Mayor of Le Havre, Mr Philippe said Ms Le Pen had benefited from the radical nature of Eric Zemmour's candidacy, which seemed to "soften her by comparison". These remarks echoed the call for caution he had made a week earlier to the Macronists, stating "nothing is decided". The sentiment was echoed by Gérald Darmanin, the Minister of the Interior.He said: "Marine Le Pen is dangerous" and she "can win". The Minister also stated Ms Le Pen had so far conducted a “formidable election campaign.”  READ MORE:Brexit LIVE: Dover fury as EU threatens MORE checks However, current Prime Minister Jean Castex backed up his boss by saying: “Marine Le Pen said she has changed, that she has become more flexible, more centrist almost, but this is a sham. “She has not changed.” Other candidates have blamed Mr Macron for the rise and rise of Ms Le Pen.Socialist candidate and current Mayor of Paris Anne Hidalgo said: “When you play with fire, everything is possible.” Jean-Luc Mélenchon's spokesman Adrien Quatennens said: "These people are participating in the progression of the far-right in our country.” DON'T MISS:Kim Jong-un's sister threatens South Korea [REVEAL]Putin humiliated as Ukraine shoots down £38million fighter jet [REPORT]Taiwan warns West - China threat has not gone away [INSIGHT]  On the right, Valérie Pécresse accused Emmanuel Macron on Thursday of trying to "set up from the start" a face-off with Marine Le Pen. She said: "His plan was to de-demonise the extremes to find himself facing them because it is his assurance of victory.” On Thursday, the president-candidate defended himself from any responsibility and said he had "never trivialised Front National", deliberately quoting the former name of Rassemblement National, as if to show he had not evolved since the time of Jean-Marie Le Pen.  During his one and only rally, Mr Macron also warned voters to be wary of a “surprise Brexit-style” victory for Ms Le Pen should people not go out and vote in an apparent attempt to woo left-wing voters his way. The first round of the elections is due to start on April 10, with a second-round run-off between the two leading candidates on April 24. Early indications suggest Mr Macron will win the second by 55-45, however, a surprise may yet be in store. 