The procedure took place after he was rushed to Bath Hospital on Wednesday and told he had "hours to live". The syringe was designed to drain fluid from Roberts’ heart caused by a condition known as cardiac tamponade. He said: “I watched as they drew out syringe after syringe after syringe of this liquid. The build-up of fluid was preventing his heart from pumping blood properly around his body. He added to OK! Magazine: "I was awake for this, but I was a bit woozy. “There was a tube that went in through my chest cavity, down into the sack around my heart.” READ MORE: Barbra Streisand: Actress ‘shocked’ about heart disease in women When the fluid was removed, it was squirted into a plastic beaker, the star said. Cardiac tamponade can happen to people of all ages and affects roughly two out of every 10,000 people. The build-up of fluid is known as pericardial effusion but when the buildup starts to put pressure on the heart and prevent it from pumping. This is known as cardiac tamponade, according to the health organisation Cedars Sinai. DON'T MISSWonder drug transforms life of cystic fibrosis girl [NEWS]Professor Linda reveals why AZ vaccine is not used anymore [UPDATE]Dr Susan Hopkins reveals symptoms to look out amid hepatitis rise [INSIGHT] Mr Roberts shared: “In the end there was about a litre and a half of stuff they took out. “In my case, it turns to something called a cardiac tamponade. "This is where it fills rapidly and starts strangling the heart. “And that's... that's the killer.  "It can result in death.” On a Twitter video, he said: “So. Bit of a shocker. Thankfully I'm here to tell the tale…' “Well, I have to say this isn't where I expected to be watching Homes Under The Hammer.” The condition can be caused by a number of different factors, including cancer, autoimmune disease, and reactions to medicines. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It can also occur after open-heart surgery. There are varied symptoms of the condition to look out for. These can include chest pain or discomfort, fast breathing, and an increased heart rate as well as enlargement of the veins of the neck. An upset stomach has also been identified as a key symptom of the condition.