When it comes to cleaning your kitchen, most households are likely to prioritise countertops, sinks and ovens. When it comes to the toaster, however, a quick wipe down is often the most it gets on a regular basis. As a result, the toaster has been dubbed "the most neglected appliance", with 64 percent of the UK choosing to leave this task for far longer than the recommended weekly crumb clean. More than 10 percent of the UK confessed to having never cleaned inside their toaster. Experts from AEG are encouraging Britons to change this habit and focus on a more frequent "deep clean" of their appliances. According to their research the experts found that "half of Britons are waiting too long to clean inside their toaster", an error that could be increasing the risk of bacteria and even hidden bugs hiding inside. READ MORE: How to kill brambles: 3 steps to kill, clear and prevent brambles Cleaning expert Nicki Rodriguez, aka Essex House Dolly, said: "Since toasters aren’t sealed appliances, they become full of crumbs, dust, bacteria and even bugs in some instances. "Not cleaning the inside of your toaster can even become a potential fire hazard, as a big enough build-up of crumbs can be a burn risk and potentially cause a fire in extreme cases." Instead, the cleaning expert recommends Britons take time to clean inside of their toaster once a week. This may even need to be done more frequently if you are a toast-loving family. DON'T MISS ‘Easily’ kill crabgrass on your lawn and stop it returning next year [EXPLAINER]Gardening: How to re-seed a lawn for thick grass - step by step guide [INSIGHT]'A huge mistake': Avoid ruining the surfaces in your home - 'be smart' [COMMENT] When it comes to cleaning the inside of your toaster, you need to be careful and take it step-by-step so as not to cause damage. Make sure you unplug the toaster before beginning, and never stick anything inside of the appliance while it is plugged into the mains. If it has recently been used, give the toaster time to cool off. Next, flip the toaster over so the top is facing the ground and shake out the crumbs. This is best done over your rubbish bin. Fill the sink with water and add a few drops of dishwashing detergent. Gently pull out the toaster trays underneath the toaster and shake any remaining crumbs on them into the bin. Next, place the tray in the water to soak. Using a large flat, clean paintbrush or pastry brush, brush out any crumbs or residue from the inside. Finally, use a cloth to wash the crumb tray and leave it to dry before replacing it.