Series 11 of ITV series Vera was originally put on hold due to the coronavirus pandemic. However, when the cast and crew were able to continue filming, bosses had to put restrictions in place to make sure everyone stayed safe on set. The production delays also meant that producers had to spread out when the episodes would air. The first two instalments were shown last year, with the second two airing in January 2022. However, fans were left disappointed as they hoped the final two episodes would air in January. At the time, Vera fans took to social media to share their thoughts about the delays and many weren't happy about it. It is unclear when the remaining instalments will be broadcast, but they are expected to be shown on ITV later this year. Addressing the backlash in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actress who plays Jac Williams began: “Usually at this time of year, we've got two [episodes] left to air, and I usually find out [about] the offer to come back usually after the last episode has aired.” READ MORE: Jackson Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jackson Lonie now? She continued: “But I think the difference is because this year we've done six episodes as opposed to four.” Production for series 12 has already begun as leading lady Brenda Blethyn and Kenny Doughty have been spotted filming in Newcastle. Last month, the DCI Stanhope star confirmed she was heading up north to film, and she also gave an update on the remaining episodes of series 11. “We’ve got two more episodes of the current series of Vera,” Holly Willoughby asked the actress during an interview on This Morning. “We’ve got episodes one, two, three and four,” the host continued as Brenda replied: “Yes, they are out now.” Sharing an update on series 11, Brenda added: “There will be another one with five and six at some point.” Ibinabo has played Jac since 2018 and is often seen doing the background work in the office with Mark Edwards (played by Riley Jones). While Brenda has played DCO Stanhope since the series began in 2011. DON'T MISS...Vera's Kenny Doughty opens up on reuniting with teacher [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert 'scared' to replace Sara Martins [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun’s Danni Menzies shuts down fussy house hunters [NEWS] She was initially joined by her sidekick Joe Ashworth (David Leon) until he left in 2014. He was promptly replaced by Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) who has worked alongside Vera ever since. Speaking about working with Brenda and how she welcomed her to the team, Ibinabo said: “She's very good at welcoming people and I do see it now that I'm a regular [cast member]. “When you've got guest actors in, she's very good at putting people at ease.” “She's very open-hearted and makes everyone feel comfortable,” the actress added. “She is telling jokes, or we do the crossword together. She's a pussycat and I think it's cool Vera isn't.” Recalling her first scene with DCI Stanhope, Ibinabo explained she was “massively nervous”. However, Brenda had to pull her co-star aside to give her some advice when Ibinabo was projecting her voice like she was performing on a West End stage. Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.