The 2022 Masters got underway on Thursday with all eyes on Tiger Woods in the opening round, but there were plenty of highlights throughout the day. Express Sport takes a look at four moments fans may have missed during coverage of the first round. Just seeing Tiger Woods tee it up only 14 months after a life-threatening car crash was enough for some fans, but the man himself is clearly pumped up to challenge this weekend. He showed no signs of the injury issues affecting his game, and his mindset is very much set on moving up the leaderboard. And his own very high standards were on full display on the ninth hole after hitting his tee shot left into the pine straw. Woods had a small gap to strike a low shot into the green and almost pulled it off, only for the ball to roll back into the fairway with Woods then heard shouting 'Oh, f*** off!'. He was still able to save par with a strong up and down to hit the turn at even par. JUST IN: Tiger Woods expletive rant caught on camera after Masters error  Augusta National has not been a happy hunting ground for Matthew Wolff after being disqualified last year for signing an incorrect scorecard. And the young American had a difficult start to his round on Thursday, shooting four-over par on the first three holes before snapping his club on the fourth. Wolff then hit the bunker with his second shot on the seventh and bizarrely opted to use his putter to try and get out of the sand trap. The decision failed to pay off as his putt fell back into the bunker before he then tried again with a more natural choice of a wedge to get up and down for a bogey. DON'T MISS  Another player who struggled on Thursday with DeChambeau surprisingly one-over par for the four par fives. And he even faced some heckles from the Masters crowd shouting 'Brooksy' in relation to the feud between the American duo. DeChambeau ended the round at four-over par and is in danger of missing the cut. Paul Casey has been an ever-present at The Masters and is regularly challenging at the top of the leaderboard. But the 44-year-old announced just hours before the start of the first round that he would be unable to play this week, withdrawing from the event. He was set to be in the same group as Bryson DeChambeau and Cameron Smith.