Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick will be hoping to claim three much-needed points when the Red Devils face Leicester City at Old Trafford this evening. United have won just one of their last five games in all competitions and will need to perform at their very best in their remaining Premier League fixtures to stand any chance of beating Arsenal to a top-four finish at the end of the campaign.Express Sport takes a look at the United side that could be tasked with downing the Foxes on home soil when this evening's match gets underway at the Theatre of Dreams. David de Gea will likely retain his place between the sticks for United after saving his side's blushes on a number of occasions over the course of this season. The Spaniard has arguably been his side's best player since the beginning of the campaign and remains well ahead of Dean Henderson in the Red Devils pecking order as a result of his impressive form.De Gea was said to have been left annoyed by his omission from the Spain squad for last month's international friendlies and will be looking to prove Luis Enrique wrong with an inspired showing against Leicester this evening. He will be tasked with keeping out the likes of Patson Daka and Ayoze Perez when the Foxes make the trip to Old Trafford later today. JUST IN: Dean explains why he's quitting Premier League as ref denies VAR role There are unlikely to be any major surprises in United's back four this evening, with no injuries to contend with in their defensive ranks as things stand. Aaron Wan-Bissaka could be handed a starting berth at right-back, while Luke Shaw may come in on the opposite flank after returning from England duty.Meanwhile, Raphael Varane will likely partner Harry Maguire in central defence for the visit of Leicester. The latter will be hoping to deliver a strong performance to silence his doubters after he was booed by England supporters prior to Tuesday's friendly win over Ivory Coast at Wembley. Bruno Fernandes will be tasked with his side's creative duties against Leicester after penning a long-term contract extension at Old Trafford earlier this week. The Portuguese maestro scored twice for his country to help book their place at this year's World Cup on Tuesday and will be hoping to produce another match-winning performance to aid United's top-four hopes this evening.Meanwhile, Fred and Paul Pogba could be selected to line up alongside each other in the engine room, although Scott McTominay will be hoping to start the match after making a full recovery from the calf injury he suffered last month. The Scot was ruled out of United's last Premier League outing against Spurs but has been training with the rest of his team-mates in preparation for today's fixture. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE Marcus Rashford could be set to return to the United side this evening alongside Jadon Sancho after both players were rested for England's win over Ivory Coast in midweek. The former will be looking to give Rangnick a selection headache as he aims to win back his regular place ahead of Anthony Elanga, who could be forced to settle for a spot on the bench.Cristiano Ronaldo will likely take his usual place at the tip of United's attacking trident in the absence of Edinson Cavani, who picked up a knock while on international duty with Uruguay. The 35-year-old marksman, who is set to leave the club upon the expiry of his contract at the end of the season, has already missed 14 games through injury since the beginning of the campaign and will add to his tally later today.Expected Man Utd XI (4-2-3-1) - De Gea; Wan-Bissaka, Maguire, Varane, Shaw; Fred, Pogba, Fernandes; Sancho, Rashford, Ronaldo.