Leeds United have apparently identified Hoffenheim ace Florian Grillitsch as a potential replacement for Kalvin Phillips, should the England midfielder quit Elland Road this summer. The Whites are unsure whether Phillips will stay at the club as he is yet to sign a new deal and has been linked with a whole host of Premier League rivals, including Manchester United. Phillips has become one of the finest midfielders in the Premier League since helping the Yorkshire club win promotion from the Championship in 2020. The 26-year-old has gone on to become a regular for England and started every game as the Three Lions reached the Euro 2020 final last summer. His performances have seen him attract the attentions of the Red Devils, who are keen to improve a problem area in the middle of the pitch. According to The Boot Room, contingency plans to find a replacement will be an important part of Leeds’ summer transfer strategy. And they could make a move for Austria star Florian Grillitsch. Grillitsch has made over 150 appearances for Hoffenheim since joining the club from Werder Bremen in 2017. And he has played Champions League and Europa League football during his time at his current club. MUST READ: Arsenal ready 'important proposal' to Paulo Dybala as Juventus ace set for 'three offers'   The 26-year-old is out of contract at the end of the season and looks set to embark on a new challenge away from Germany. But, according to the Daily Mail, Leeds will face a battle for the player’s signature as Arsenal, West Ham, Newcastle and Everton are also interested in landing him. Leeds have endured a difficult campaign this time around after impressing on their way to a ninth-placed Premier League finish last season. Their dreadful form earlier this year saw previous manager Marcelo Bielsa given his marching orders as the club brought in Jesse Marsch as boss. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal    But the Whites appear to have done enough to stave off relegation after moving nine points clear of the drop zone over the last few weeks. They will be desperate to hold on to Phillips at the end of the season to give themselves the best chance of pushing on again next season. However, they could be resigned to losing him if the prospect of a move to Old Trafford proves too irresistible. United look set to lose Paul Pogba in the summer when his contract comes to an end. And with Fred and Scott McTominay coming under fire at times this season, Phillips could prove to be a sagacious acquisition for the Red Devils. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  