Julia Bradbury, 51, announced that she had breast cancer last September and has made sure she has been very open about her journey to improve awareness. The former Countryfile presenter has spoken in a recent interview about how "lucky" she was that she found her cancer when she did. After finding out her diagnosis Julia wasted no time and had a mastectomy in October. Her tumour was in an awkward position, located near the back of her breast. It was also described as "flat and long and invisible" on the mammogram due to her "dense" breast tissue. Talking about the near-miss, Julia said: "I feel lucky it was found when it was. READ MORE: Rod Stewart, 77, dotes on wife Penny Lancaster, 51, in loved-up snap "Because a year later, it could have been a different story", she added to The Times. Since going public about her diagnosis, Julia was approached by a production company and has been filming her treatment since. Carrying on discussing her treatment journey, she took to Instagram at the weekend to share the details of her "brutal" mastectomy. Julia wrote in view of her 204,000 followers: "There'll be quite a few photos of my upper body in the press this week because I've done lots of interviews about my forthcoming @itv #breastcancer documentary." Referring to the selfie attached to the post, she continued: "This is the last pic I took of myself before my mastectomy, to remove a 6cm tumour from my left breast. "One of the best bits of advice I was given by my friend Heidi who has been through this, was to say goodbye and thank you to my breast… "For all the years of service and time spent together. "Saying farewell and grieving for what we've lost is OK. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan fires back as Laurence Fox brands him ‘chubby slug’ [OPINION] 'Really tough' Alfie Boe's sad admission after 16-year marriage ended [INSIGHT] Liz Hurley, 56, wows fans with jaw-dropping bikini pic [PICS] "To all the women about to go through this (I know some of you have your op this week) and to those of you just through the other side... "It helped me to know this brutal, scary procedure was to save my life," Julia penned. She continued: "There are new possibilities, this experience will give you an inner strength you didn't know you had, and there is always hope. "I am learning more about my body now than I ever have. "I understand how incredible it is, how it functions. "Our bodies need care, nutrition & emotional sustenance. But for now... #rest Namaste." (sic) The former Countryfile presenter will be releasing the documentary to raise awareness around the issue for ITV.