Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced households in bands A to D would receive a £150 council tax refund from this April to help people survive the cost of living crisis. However, many are still waiting and could be in limbo for another five months. Council tax refunds of £150 have started appearing in some people’s bank accounts this month, but some people will have to wait until September. Approximately 80 percent of British households in bands A to D are due a £150 rebate from the Government which could be a lifeline to Britons who are struggling financially. However, while some councils have been quick off the mark to process the rebates, others could take until September to refund the money. Those who pay by direct debit will receive the money sooner than others because councils already have their bank details on their systems. READ MORE: State pensioners could qualify for DWP sum of £370 a month Commentators are worried cash strapped households will be desperate for the cash which they may have budgeted for sooner rather than later. Martyn James of consumer rights website Resolver said: “The current advice is to go on to your local council website where there should be some updates. “I’ve checked quite a few and there’s a distinct lack of information with some so don’t worry if the site hasn’t updated yet. “But you can contact your council for help and support with financial difficulties if you are worried about paying the tax.” DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis warns there's just two days left to get free £175 [WARNING]Santander urges customer to 'be wary' of heartbreaking scam [ALERT]Gold, Bitcoin, euro and US shares CRASH on World War 3 fears [WARNING]       At least 15 councils haven’t even started to process these refunds yet, according to The Mirror. These are: At the same time, Britons are being warned not to fall for a council tax refund scam following reports of fraudsters cold calling people. Councils would never cold call someone to ask for their bank details over the phone. Councillor Mohan Iyengar, vice-Chair of the LGA’s Safer and Stronger Communities Board warned people to be on their guard. He said: “Criminals are becoming increasingly sophisticated in their attempts to take advantage of the financial worries people are facing and as a result many of these scams look legitimate on first impression.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Britons are being asked to forward fraudulent messages to 7726, a free reporting service provided by phone operators. Meanwhile, Britons who don’t live in band A to D properties should get in touch with their local authority if they are in financial difficulty. Last month, Mr Sunak doubled the Household Support Fund to £1billion to support families with the cost of living. If they can prove they are struggling financially they might be able to claim some of this money. Each local authority sets its own rules so it’s impossible to say who will qualify.