Michael Jackson desperately wanted children. He split up with his first wife, Lisa Marie Presley, over disagreements about having kids. Shortly thereafter, he began trying for a baby with his second wife, Debbie Rowe, whom he married in 1996. After giving birth to Michael's first son, Prince Jackson, on February 13, 1997, Debbie became pregnant with Michael's second child, Paris Jackson, who was born on April 3, 1998. 11 years later, on June 25, 2009, Michael died of a cardiac arrest. Paris wept on stage during Michael's public funeral in September that year. In front of the 21,000 attendees of Michael's last tribute, the 11-year-old girl took the microphone and addressed her father's doting friends, family, and fans. She said: "I just wanted to say, ever since I was born, daddy has been the best father you could ever imagine. And I just wanted to say I love him so much." Paris, now 24-years-old, is continuing her public display of affection for her father. In a new interview, she revealed she has seven piercings in her earlobes as a tribute to the King of Pop. Paris explained how this was a direct reference to Michael's favourite number. She said: "It’s more about the number of piercings than what is on them, but there is a sunburst, feather and dragon." Michael made appearances on stage, in music videos, and in public wearing the number seven in various ways. For example, 777 was embossed on the arm of the Michael statue on the HIStory album cover, across his thighs during the HIStory World Tour, and a seven can be spotted on a hat on the Dangerous album cover. What's more, Michael was also the seventh child of nine siblings. He also routinely plastered three of his fingertips, leaving seven bare. The young actress also pointed out that a number of her 80 tattoos are dedicated to her father. READ MORE: Michael Jackson's 'intimacy with Lisa Marie could not be faked' Included in this list is her forearm tattoo which features cover art from Michael's 1991 album Dangerous. Paris also revealed how she kept a few of Michael's personal possessions. In the same interview with Page Six, Paris explained how two special items from Michael are very special to her. She said: "I have a pair of my dad’s PJs and a bracelet that he wore the entire time I knew him. I have it in a safe place." DON'T MISS...Michael Jackson's 'intimacy with Lisa Marie could not be faked' [NEWS]Michael Jackson apologised for 'stealing' his biggest hit single [INFO]Michael Jackson: Paris 'tours with AEG despite wrongful death lawsuit' [INSIGHT] Michael would have no doubt approved of Paris' choice of piercings and tattoos, considering he openly spoke about how he wanted his children to have "normal" lives. He said in 2001: "Now I am a father myself, and one day I was thinking about my own children, Prince and Paris, and how I wanted them to think of me when they grow up. To be sure, I would like them to remember how I always wanted them with me wherever I went, how I always tried to put them before everything else." He added: "But there are also challenges in their lives. Because my kids are stalked by paparazzi, they can’t always go to a park or a movie with me. So what if they grow older and resent me, and how my choices impacted their youth?" Michael did not just have fear for his children's lives, however. Shortly after Prince was born, he told his fans how in love he was. Michael said: "Words can’t describe how I feel … I have been blessed beyond comprehension and I will work tirelessly at being the best father that I can possibly be. I appreciate that my fans are elated, but I hope that everyone respects the privacy Debbie [Rowe] and I want and need for our son." He then remembered his own childhood with disdain. He added: "I grew up in a fishbowl and will not allow that to happen to my child. Please respect our wishes and give my son his privacy." SOURCE / SOURCE / SOURCE