Ricky Gervais, 60, mocked last night the Academy’s decision to ban Will Smith, 53, from the Oscars and any other event hosted by the Academy for the next ten years. The move comes after the actor slapped comedian Chris Rock, 57, on stage at the 2022 ceremony after he made a jibe about Jada Pinkett Smith's shaved head following her battle with alopecia. The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air star stormed the stage after Chris made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith - who has alopecia - sporting a buzzcut. Ricky has now taken to Twitter, where he enjoys a following of 14.7 million, to react to the latest development following the incident. Sharing a news article about the Academy’s decision, Ricky wrote: “Hopefully, he'll only do 6 years with good behaviour.” The After Life star's reaction comes as The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced its ruling yesterday as it explained its reasoning for the measure. READ MORE: 'Shut the f**k up!' Denise Welch rages at Jeremy Vine Show debate In an open letter to the Academy "family”, David Rubin, President, and Dawn Hudson, CEO, said this year’s Oscars ceremony was “meant to be a celebration of the many individuals who did incredible work this past year”. “However,” they continued, “Those moments were overshadowed by the unacceptable and harmful behaviour we saw Mr Smith exhibit on stage”. They also apologised for being “unprepared for the unprecedented” and issuing a delayed response. “During our telecast, we did not adequately address the situation in the room,” they wrote. “For this, we are sorry. This was an opportunity for us to set an example for our guests, viewers and our Academy family around the world, and we fell short — unprepared for the unprecedented.” Following Ricky’s tweet, social media users were quick to weigh in regarding the controversial scenes. Rustle_Dust_ said: “I'm not sure we should have a culture where people can be randomly insulted at an awards ceremony. “Fair enough when you pay to see a comedian. But attending awards with your family shouldn't mean that you must automatically be dragged through the gutter. What happened to manners?” DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley proposed to wife Judy three weeks into 'affair'  [INSIGHT]'Same Academy took 40 years to ban Polanski' Piers Morgan slams Oscars [LATEST]Will Smith begs Jada Pinkett not to film him in heated unearthed video [UPDATE] J0K3R_GaNg claimed: “The media failed to show you all will hugging Chris rock after the awards. “What he did was 100% wrong but he did approach Chris after and extend his apologies.” Ritafra06359506 argued: “Everyone who attends any of the Awards ceremonies knows full well they might be the target of a joke. “It’s become part of the regular entertainment & they laugh as long as it’s not about them. That’s what draws so many viewers! Learn to laugh at yourself!” Will apologised for his actions after the ceremony, in an Instagram post that saw him admit he "deeply regrets" his behaviour and that he's a "work in progress". He wrote: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. “Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. “I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong."