“Until we invented the toilet, humans opened their bowels by squatting down, like other animals,” said Health and Wellbeing Expert Stephanie Taylor. “Since then, while we might feel more civilised, we've been causing ourselves some serious health problems.” The expert explained that muscles around the rectum help to control whether you’re in a poo mode or not. When you sit down on the toilet, your anorectal angle gets “kinked” and your muscles choke the rectum, “keeping faeces inside”. Taylor continued: “So, sitting on the loo keeps our bodies in continence mode and makes it difficult to eliminate waste. “If you don’t get rid of all faeces, this can cause constipation, which can lead to bowel disease or appendicitis.” READ MORE: High blood pressure: 'Consume more potassium' to 'drop your blood pressure' - amounts “Sitting incorrectly over a long period can change the shape of your posture,” she said. This happens because you are placing additional pressure on your stomach and applying pressure on your lower intestines. The founder of StressNoMore continued: “Additional pressure makes the process of food moving through the body much slower. “Which can cause bloating or constipation and irritates the bowel – resulting in irritable bowel disease, IBS [inflammatory bowel syndrome] or even a build-up of faeces which can cause the appendix to become infected – resulting in appendicitis.”  Incorrect positioning can also lead to inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). “[This] is the destruction of the bowel wall, otherwise known as Crohn’s disease or Ulcerative colitis,” she noted. Taylor explained: “The first symptoms of IBS are abdominal cramping, bloating, gas or diarrhoea. “IBD can be much more severe, with additional symptoms such as blood in your stool, reduced appetite and unintended weight loss.” When it comes to appendicitis, the main warning sign is pain. She added: “The first warning sign of appendicitis to spot is a pain in your lower right belly, near your navel – which can progress from a dull ache to more severe pain. “Other signs include nausea and vomiting after the pain begins, swelling, fever, loss of appetite and the inability to pass wind.” The NHS advises to contact a GP “immediately” if you suffer from abdominal pain that's gradually getting worse. One simple way to reduce your risk of these serious conditions is squatting. Taylor said: “When we squat and lift our knees higher than our hips, the anorectal angle is straightened and the puborectalis muscle releases the rectum making pooping much easier. “Consider buying a toilet stool, which helps you achieve the best squatting position. “And puts your muscles into elimination mode for a healthy bowel movement without excessive straining.”