Carlos Real, managing director at TotalLawn has exclusively told Express.co.uk how gardeners can scarify their lawns and why. Scarifying a lawn can be beneficial to lawns in the long term. However, it’s important gardeners are aware that in the short term the lawn may look messy after scarification. Lawn scarification is when gardeners use a machine to cut the grass and organic matter in a lawn vertically, according to Mr Real. The process pulls the organic matter up and allows gardeners to remove it from the lawn completely. Scarification also cuts lateral growth which is when grass has grown horizontally, rather than vertically. The lawn care expert explained that over time lawns become “compacted”. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's Santa Barbara home shows 'shift from royalty'  This is when the soil is “pushed down” and moss and dead grass builds up to create a layer between the grass and the soil. While it may not sound serious, over time this can stop important nutrients, light and water getting into the root system of the lawn. Mr Real added: “This will not only stop new blades of grass growing, it will suffocate your existing lawn, making it easier for weeds and moss to take over.” The lawn care pro said those who have never scarified their lawns before may be “shocked” by their lawn’s appearance.  DON'T MISSLaundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes [INSIGHT]Shower cleaning: How to remove shower screen limescale - ‘never fails’ [UPDATE]‘Effective’ way to ‘avoid weed infestations’ in the garden [ANALYSIS] He continued: “You will look at it and think you have ruined it but what you have really done is remove all the dead, organic matter and revealed the lawn you actually had.” While scarifying is a long process, the lawn’s aftercare is not as time-consuming. Gardeners will need to add a layer of top soil to the area that has been scarified. Mr Real recommends a topsoil that is a 70/30 mix - 70 percent sand and 30 percent soil. “The sand will drastically improve drainage in your lawn and assist with new root growth,” he added. The mix needs to be spread so it’s around 3mm in height before seed is added. Once the seed has been applied, the lawn care expert also suggests applying a pre-seed fertiliser. He added: “This will not only give you a better rate of germination but it will also help the new seeds establish a far better root system and give you a fantastic-looking lawn long term.  “Once you have your seed and pre-seed down, lightly cover them in a very thin layer of topsoil and keep well watered for the next four to six weeks.” Scarifiers are not overly expensive but it may be cheaper to hire one. For an average sized garden, the local landscape supply shop would be the best place to look. Scarifiers can usually be hired for the day.