The tournament director of an ITF Junior tournament in Ghana has spoken out against "the worst incident [he] has witnessed on a tennis court" after top seed Michael Kouame slapped his opponent Raphael Nii Ankrah upon losing their match. A brawl then broke out between both players’ camps as Kouame could be seen running. It came the same day the ATP Tour had to warn professional players after recent incidents involving Nick Kyrgios and Alexander Zverev. Kouame was the top seed at the junior tournament in Ghana as the world No 606 in the ITF Junior rankings. He faced the home hope Ankrah, ranked down at No 1,708 in a tight, three-set battle won by the Ghanaian 6-2 6-7(5) 7-6(5). At the conclusion of the match, both players approached the net and shook hands when the top-seeded Frenchman suddenly slapped his opponent around the face. Ankrah backed off as the junior No 606 immediately held his hands up in what appeared to be an apology. But that was just the beginning of a clash between the players and their respective camps, with more footage later showing a brawl by the players’ benches on the court, as Kouame can be seen being chased away, still holding his racket. The reason for his slap is not known but the tournament director has now hit out against the 15-year-old for the "barbaric" incident and confirmed has requested Kouame be disqualified from next week's event as well as the doubles this week. "As many of you know, I am the Tournament Organizer and Tournament Director for the International Tennis Federation Junior World Tour Events in Accra, Ghana," Roger Crawford wrote on Facebook. JUST IN: Swiatek 'cried for 40 minutes' after Barty announced shock retirement  The 15-year-old is now expected to be sanctioned by the ITF for his outburst. It comes after the ATP issued the professional players with a warning for “an unusual frequency of high-profile incidents involving unsportsmanlike conduct” in the first three months of the season.  "This afternoon I witnessed the most barbaric incident on a tennis court. I don’t think I have the words to explain what happened. The video says it all. The perpetrator is a player from France and he assaulted a player from Ghana. My immediate response was to disqualify the perpetrator from the doubles event. I went further to recommend to the ITF to disqualify him entirely from next week’s event as well. "Ghanaians are a very peace loving people. No wonder the kid from Ghana did not retaliate. As the tournament director, I called in the stadium security who held the perpetrator for some time. I met with the Ghanaian player and his team and they decided not to press charges. Therefore I had no option than to let the perpetrator free although I brought in the Police. This is without a doubt the worst incident I have witnessed on a tennis court in my whole playing, coaching and now my admin/ officiating career. NO! This is not the way tennis is played in Ghana." DON'T MISSMurray pleads 'make this stop' at heartbreaking photos from UkraineNadal and Alcaraz French Open final a 'real possibility' after MiamiCarlos Alcaraz received call from King of Spain after Miami Open win The slap incident comes after the ATP issued the professional players with a warning for “an unusual frequency of high-profile incidents involving unsportsmanlike conduct” in the first three months of the season. The men’s tour is now pushing tougher umpiring and sanctions for the upcoming clay swing after the likes of Zverev and Kyrgios hit headlines for recent outbursts towards umpires in Acapulco and Miami.  Meanwhile at the J5 Accra tournament, Ankrah will next face his compatriot Ishmael Nii Nortey Dowuona in the second round. He has also entered the doubles draw where he is the third seed alongside Lameck Bagerbaseh but is yet to play his first match against Frenchman Mickael Kaouk and Italian Davide Brunetti.