Manchester City are facing off against Liverpool in a blockbuster game in the Premier League today that could decide the fate of the title. The huge game from the Etihad, which kicks off at 4.30pm, is being broadcast live exclusively on Sky Sports, which you can access via your Sky Q, Virgin TV 360 or BT TV box. You can find the best Sky Sports deal below - or, if you'd rather you can head to the NOW website and sign up to a bargain deal on Sky Sports if you'd rather watch via your smartphone, tablet, laptop, Smart TV or games console. Going into today's game both Manchester City and Liverpool won their midweek Champions League games, raising the prospects of a potential all-English final between the pair. The two giants of the Premier League, who have dominated domestic football in recent years, have a lot on the line this season. Liverpool are going after an unprecedented quadruple while City are looking to win their first Champions League title. A loss today against huge rivals Liverpool could not only be a hammer blow in their domestic aspirations, but it could also play a psychological factor if the two sides end up facing one another in the Champions League final this season. After today's game both Liverpool and City will have just seven more fixtures to play in the Premier League - with Jurgen Klopp's side going into the match with a better goal difference compared to Pep Guardiola's team.  You can tune in and watch coverage of Manchester City vs Liverpool on Sky Sports Premier League and Sky Sports Main Event from 4pm, with kick-off at 4.30pm. If you've got Sky Glass or Sky Q then a Sky Sports membership will usually cost £32 a month. But Sky is currently running a deal that drops that price to £20 a month. This can be paired with the standard Sky TV bundle, which unlocks access to exclusive channels like Sky Atlantic, as well as Comedy Central, MTV, and more, coupled with a Netflix subscription. If you're not home, everything from Sky Sports is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app, which is available for both Android and iOS devices. You can also sign in to Sky Go on an Xbox or PlayStation to watch in another room if someone else is using the Sky Q box.  Sky-owned NOW, formerly NOW TV, offers limited-time access to Sky Sports. One month usually costs £33.99, but for a limited time only this price has dropped to £20 a month (but you'll need to sign up for nine months). While a single 24-hour period of Sky Sports will cost a one-off payment of £11.98 with NOW. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Unfortunately, if you're outside of the UK right now, your Sky Go and NOW subscriptions might not work as you'd expect. Sky – just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Prime Video and a number of other services – places restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below... 