 It is thought temperatures in Scotland and parts of Belfast may plummet to as low as -3C within days, with London feeling a chilly 4C next week. British Weather Services meteorologist Jim Dale has stated next week will be a chilly one and warned Britons of the possibility of frost, with even some areas experiencing a scattering of snow.   He said: “It is going to feel cooler and there will be the risk of frosts overnight. “Scotland may see wintry showers over high ground. It is going to feel like you need to put a jumper back on.” Meanwhile, hay fever sufferers have been warned of high pollen count on Thursday as temperatures settle to the mid-teen seasonal average in England. The weather system over the next couple of days is dominated by high pressure which will bring down the temperatures from the highs that were seen last weekend.   BBC meteorologist Chris Fawkes stated: “The high pressure is north of the UK, the winds around the high pressure are coming in from an easterly direction and will tend to strengthen over the next couple of days. “And as the winds blow off that cold North Sea temperatures are going to start a little bit over the next couple of days.” On Thursday morning in the northern areas of the UK, particularly eastern Scotland, the Met Office has forecasted fog and cloud which will cover much of the northeast coastline. However, the southern region will see much milder weather as Mr Fawkes said there will be a “sparkling sunny start for most” on Thursday morning with temperatures reaching between 15C and 17C with some areas seeing highs of 18C. Areas further north including Yorkshire, Newcastle and Scotland will struggle to get into high double digits with temperatures settling around 12C before tailing off for a chilly night. READ MORE: Grass care: How to get rid of moss from your lawn using baking soda  Something all Brits should be aware of on Sunday is that the country will be experiencing “some pretty high levels of pollen”, according to the BBC weather service. Mr Fawkes continued: “For those of you who suffer with hay fever well that’s something to bear in mind.” The majority of Britain will have high levels of pollen with the map showing the tip of Scotland and Yorkshire as having medium to low levels. Stronger wind gusts on Friday and more clouds will bring down temperatures and patches of rain. WXCHARTS live weather map shows wind gusts in Scotland reaching highs of 65 kilometres an hour. DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Boris Johnson be continue as PM after Partygate scandal? (POLL)Pests: How to keep your garden ‘pest-free’ using natural methods (iNSIGHT)Fury at plans to ban gas boilers and install £10,000 heat pumps (REACTION)   Temperatures will be cooler than those on Thursday with most areas seeing temperatures between 12C and 14C. The outlook for the weekend shows scattered showers with Saturday being particularly cloudy in regions across England and Wales. Mr Fawkes noted that some brightness will develop in the afternoon and Scotland and Northern Ireland will be dry and sunny. He added: “Sunday will see variable cloud and a few spots of rain, with the best of the sunshine to the south.” Following the mini-Easter weekend heatwave, the UK Met Office stated that the temperatures are returning to the usual seasonal average for this time of year. 