Max (played by Paddy Bever) has been taking a backseat from the drama on Coronation Street recently, with his last stint resulting in Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) ending up in hospital after he spiked her drink. Unfortunately, the schoolgirl got caught in the crossfire over his feud with Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard), which kicks up a gear in next week's episodes of the ITV soap. As one thing leads to another, the situation ends up getting out of control and it seems the youngster is going to be left fighting for his life, just like his mother Kylie Platt (Paula Lane). The drama continues as Daniel has some apologising to do to Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan), having blamed her for supposedly sharing some images of Nicky Wheatley (Kimberley Hart Simpson) online. It was actually Max who circulated the indecent photographs and the school teacher explains this to his girlfriend. This led to the former sex worker being fired from her position at the school and the future looks bleak for her as she has no job and nowhere to live. Feeling guilty over the situation, Daniel ends up offering his former love interest a place to stay whilst she gets on her feet again. With Daisy's paranoia going into overdrive, her stepmother Jenny Connor (Sally Ann Matthews) tells her not to be stubborn and to bury her pride. READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series Although she was keeping her head down, Nicky ends up giving a newspaper reporter a quote for her story when she comes knocking at Daniel's flat. However, she wasn't expecting the coverage to go online and is horrified to find her story circulating everywhere. As it seems there is nothing that can be done to help Nick anymore, Daniel loses it with Max in the middle of the street. David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) leaps to his stepson's defence but Daniel has had enough of the schoolboy getting away with things. He, therefore, tells the stepfather and stepson duo he is going to tell his niece Amy who really spiked her drink a few weeks ago. Max is confident his schoolteacher is just bluffing and tells David and Shona Platt (Julia Goulding) everything will be fine. Unfortunately, it seems the truth will come out when Amy misreads a situation between a group of lads and ends up throwing a cup of coffee over one of them. She claims he is the one who spiked her drink and he was making fun of her with his friends, not realising who the real culprit is. Worried his niece is becoming paranoid, Daniel urges David to get Max to confess as one last chance to do something good. The youngster begins to feel the gravity of the situation upon his shoulders and feeling guilty, he explodes at David. DON'T MISS...Rula Lenska health: Star, 74, on the 'difficulty' of hearing loss [COMMENT]Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [COMMENT]Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT] As a result of the argument, David ends up confiscating his stepson's phone so he cannot cause any more trouble for anyone. With so much anger and rage building inside him, Max tells his stepfather he hates him, to which David replies rather cruelly. Hitting a nerve, the barber says if Kylie was still alive, she would be ashamed of the man her son has become. This makes Max even more vengeful as he plans to get his own back on David and ignore all the consequences of his actions. Wanting to get his phone back as the first port of call, the youngster ends up mashing a window to break into the barbers. Unfortunately, as he climbs back out of the window he smashed, he ends up lacerating one of his legs on the broken glass. With the blood pouring out, he collapses in the street but with no one around, it seems his fate is sealed and history is going to repeat itself. When his mother Kylie was killed back in 2016, she was stabbed in the middle of the cobbles and died because she continued to bleed out. The ambulance was too late to get to her as she died on the scene, with David cradling his late wife's body in his arms. This could be the same situation that unfolds for Max as when an alarm is tripped to indicate a robbery at the barbers, David could rush around to check. However, he wouldn't be expecting to find his stepson bleeding out due to a cut on his leg and he would be haunted by what happened to Kylie. With the emergency services on their way, David could tell his stepson to hold on as he can't leave him as Kylie did. Unfortunately, it could be a case of too late too soon as Max slips away in David's arms as his injury is too severe. The ramifications of the youngster's death would be huge as many residents would be impacted, including David and Daniel. But will David blame the schoolteacher for his stepson's death? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.