On April 1, the UK took the mantle of United Nations Security Council Presidency, pledging to focus on Ukraine and global security for its leadership stint. But Dmitry Polyanskiy, Russia's First Deputy Permanent Representative to the UN, took to social media to denounce the UK's new position heading up the organisation. The representative claimed the UK was continuing to block the Kremlin's calls for a UNSC meeting on the alleged atrocities committed in the town of Bucha, just outside Kyiv. He stated: “This whole situation is outrageous abuse by UK Presidency of its prerogatives." He then followed up this message in a connected tweet: "Looks like our UK colleagues seek to set the lowest possible standards of UNSC presidencies - our request has been rejected. Total abuse of the President’s function!” Express.co.uk readers were quick to admonish Russia’s pathetic attempt to belittle the UK in order to divert attention from the horrors they are accused of in Bucha, and pointed out that the attack highlighted the UK’s key role in taking on the Kremlin. The controversy also served to suggest that the UK was taking a stronger stance than its EU neighbours, due to the outrage from Russia it was provoking. User BobPage said: “Remember when remoaners said Brexit UK would be irrelevant on the world stage? “Well now we seem to be a major irritation to the Kremlin while the EU’s response to this crisis has been supine, tepid and muddled.” User Duderuffian added: “Proud to be British, and supporting Ukraine which is way more than can ever be said for Germany & France.” Sdemnips went so far as to compare the EU to a troupe of circus clowns, arguing: “Brexiters on the other hand often contended that without the gravitas carried by the UK, the EU would have about as much credibility on the World Stage as a troupe of circus clowns. “They were quite wrong of course, even a troupe of circus clowns would have had far greater credibility in dealing with the Russian invasion than the bumbling self contradictory shambolic antics of the EU. They weren't even funny with it.” Many users also directly attacked the Kremlin for spreading misinformation and seemingly denying reality. One user said: “Russia needs to be kept out of the international community, until they remove themselves from the Ukraine and the people responsible for these atrocities brought to justice.” READ MORE: Ukrainian troops recover 'treasure trove' after ambushing Russians [REVEAL] Camera12 sarcastically quoted Russia, writing: “‘We categorically deny all reality’ - The Kremlin.” SainTris added: “Russia is committing genocide. They deserve no respect and the UK are right to show them none.” Mr Polyanskiy’s criticism of the UK came despite a statement from Barbara Woodward, the UK's Permanent Representative to the UN, who tweeted on Monday: "the UK will call a UNSC meeting tomorrow on Ukraine". She added: "We will discuss the mounting evidence of war crimes, including from Bucha. "We'll use our Presidency of the Security Council to ensure there is transparency, accountability and that justice is done." DON'T MISS: Russian economy facing COLLAPSE with mega-recession this year [INSIGHT]Brexit: 'Assault on Union' Truss sent ultimatum [REVEAL] UK 'remains on hook' for £380bn European bank loan [ANALYSIS] Ukraine accused Russia of committing a "deliberate massacre" as the bodies of at least 20 people in civilian clothing were discovered in Bucha, a town close to Kyiv. If the allegation is proven true, Russia would have committed a war crime. The town had been taken by Russian forces before Ukrainian troops successfully brought it back under Ukrainian control. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said there would be an investigation into the deaths, adding: “I am deeply shocked by the images of civilians killed in Bucha, Ukraine. "It is essential that an independent investigation leads to effective accountability." US President Joe Biden added to the cacophony of international condemnation, doubling down on his previous remarks naming Russian President Vladimir Putin a "war criminal".