Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and her husband Prince William are celebrating the fourth birthday of their youngest son, Prince Louis, on Saturday. The couple shared a smiling snap of the youngster on the beach to mark his special day, and it is expected that he will spend the day with his parents and siblings— Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, six. However, an unearthed letter has revealed that just two months before the Duchess announced she was pregnant with her third baby, an activist group had tried to talk her out of having more children. During a tour of Poland and Germany, Kate was given a baby toy while meeting members of the public in Warsaw — Poland’s capital city. George was four at the time and Charlotte was two, meaning that neither of them would have any use for baby toys. According to MyLondon, Kate turned to William and said: “We’ll just have to have more babies.” Shortly after the Duchess made the comment, a children’s organisation called Having Kids spoke out "respectfully" asking the Cambridges to "consider forgoing having a third child." In an open letter, the company's executive director president, Anne Green Carter Dillard, said: "The example the British Royal Family sets is extremely influential." She added that they have the power to "make a sustainable small family." Ms Dillard wrote: "Of course, we know that Prince George and Princess Charlotte are certain to have wonderful lives, protected from the deprivations of poverty and the threat of environmental degradation. "They will receive optimal amounts of care and attention, as well as the best possible education. But the same can’t be said of every future child.” She suggested that choosing not to have a third child would mean "substantial resources" were being "saved to help a different family plan a fair start in life for their child." Two months later, Kate announced she was pregnant again – tradition dictates that pregnancies aren't publicly announced until after the three-month mark, meaning Kate would already have been pregnant when the comments were made. Earlier this year, speculation regarding another royal baby intensified when Kate admitted that she was feeling “broody” during a visit to Copenhagen’s Children’s Museum. She joked that William worries about her working with under-one-year-olds because she returns home wanting “another one”. Kate’s day-to-day engagements as a working royal often involve interactions with children, particularly because of her big focus on the early years. The Duchess launched her Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood in June last year, which looks at the impact of the first five years of life on later adulthood. Despite Kate’s confession, it appears that William has ruled out baby number four. Last month, during a visit to Lancashire, the Duke made a cheeky joke about his wife’s broodiness. While visiting a Church on the Street in Burnley, the Duchess held three-month-old Anastasia Barrie while standing beside her parents Trudi, a volunteer, and Alastair Barrie, who is on the centre's committee. William, looking at his wife gazing at the baby, said: "Don't give her any ideas.” Turning to Kate, he then said: “You can't take her with you.” Louis’ recent absences from the Easter Sunday service and Prince Philip’s Service of Thanksgiving have left fans asking where the three-year-old prince is. Posting on social media, one said: ​​“All that is missing is Sweet Prince Louis! But it was a wonderful surprise to see the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge along with the Handsome Future King George and Adorable Princess Charlotte.” While another said: “Where’s HRH prince Louis? You rarely see him with everyone outside his birthday.” As Louis celebrates his fourth birthday this week, it is expected that a picture of the young prince will be shared to update the public on how they are celebrating the occasion.