For all the tough talk about sanctions, the EU has still handed Russia over £30bn for gas since the conflict in Ukraine began. To be fair, changing energy supply overnight is no mean feat, although some have suggested Germany could have gone further. But, in reality, the gas payments should bother Ukraine, and central and eastern European EU states, less than other factors when it comes to relations with Brussels. For starters, Ukraine must surely see how Hungary and Poland – countries whose values it is far closer to than France and Germany – have been treated by the EU. Ostensibly this is about the rule of law. But the suspicion that it has more to do with those countries’ nationalist values has never gone away. No sooner had Viktor Orbán stormed to victory in the Hungarian election last weekend than the European Commission said it would trigger a new mechanism to cut funding to Hungary for eroding judicial standards. The reality for Ukraine meanwhile is that it is not going to be let into the EU anytime soon. For all the warm words towards Kyiv, western European leaders are broadly cool on the idea of Ukraine joining the bloc, knowing they would have another Hungary or Poland on their hands before too long. And while the EU is already divided between a conservative east and a liberal west – and the social attitudes of most Poles are closer to the average Russian than the average German – politics means that EU member states in central and eastern Europe are the ones pushing for a hard line against Moscow. Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland have all now banned hydrocarbon imports from Russia, while the Czech Republic has been supplying Ukraine with large quantities of T-72 tanks. When it comes to Russia and Ukraine, central and eastern European member states are simply going their own way. While Hungary has been more neutral over Ukraine – notable by absence when leaders from the Czech Republic, Poland and Slovenia visited Zelensky last month – any rift between Budapest and Warsaw is likely to be temporary given the strong partnership the two have when facing down Brussels. The question must now be however what are central and eastern European states getting out of the EU. Sure, there’s the money. But, as Hungary (and Poland) are finding, this comes with more and more strings attached. Moreover, analyses suggests that what the EU has given with one hand it has taken with another. Central and Eastern European states have lost out considerably, for instance, from the flow of workers towards western Europe, even though remittances have helped and the flow has now largely ended. But when it comes to values - and even security - the central and eastern European countries (including Ukraine), whose values are very much built around flag, faith and family, are finding they are not even fighting for the same “ideals” as countries like the Netherlands or Sweden. If Ukraine is excluded from both the EU and NATO, will it now fall to the central and eastern European democracies to develop an alternative defence and political architecture – perhaps a Warsaw Pact without Russia? The central and eastern European countries are frankly deluding themselves if they think the EU is going to suddenly get muscular, or magically transform back into an alliance of sovereign states. There is of course one thing which could change all of this. On Sunday, the first-round of the French presidential election is likely to see nationalist Marine Le Pen pull through as the challenger to President Emmanuel Macron. Polling now has Le Pen just 3-5 points behind Macron. Should she win in the second round, the entire dynamic of the EU could change, derailing the federalist dream for good. Should she lose however and the cultural divide between the two halves of Europe will be further cemented. While watching events in France perhaps as closely as those in Ukraine over the next few weeks, Warsaw and the other central and eastern European capitals must surely be considering whether their long-term future really is in the EU, or in building a new Europe between Brussels and Moscow.