Local council leader Trevor Bartlett, in response to days of gridlocks in Dover, accused the Kent Resilience Forum (KRF) of "ignoring" the needs of people in the area. His remarks came on the fourth day of delays at the Channel crossing, with freight vehicles still parked on the M20 and A20 around the town. Mr Bartlett said: "Dover appears to be the 'acceptable sacrifice' with the KRF's planning based on the acceptance of gridlock at Dover. "Whilst I acknowledge the hard work of those on the front line at the weekend, I have to conclude that the views of those of us who know Dover best are being ignored." Adding that the gridlock was a "body blow for local businesses" trying to rebuild after the coronavirus pandemic, he said Dover District Council would review its involvement with the KRF. The traffic chaos started on Friday as a buildup of lorries waiting for disrupted ferry services at the Kent port left motorists attempting to enter Dover facing mile-long queues. A Department for Transport spokesman said: "We are aware of queues at Dover, and the Kent Resilience Forum and local partners are working to minimise any disruption by deploying temporary traffic-management measures as standard." READ MORE: Boris confirms major hypersonic weapons deal with UK, US and Australia in warning to Xi But disruption, which has stopped local residents from being able to drive to the shops or to work, remained unresolved on Monday, when Mr Bartlett, alongside Dover MP Natalie Elphicke and Kent County Council leader Roger Gough, held an emergency meeting with Roads Minister Baroness Vere to discuss the problems. Following the meeting in Parliament, Ms Elphicke said: "Once again the events of the last few days have highlighted the need for more road capacity and better traffic management for Dover. "It is welcome that the minister has agreed to review the operational performance of these emergency measures, given their severe impact on local residents." Travel woes were caused by a shortage of ferries, bad weather and the start of the Easter break. The fact part of the M20 is being used to park lorries plays a big part, too. Under Operation Brock, the traffic management system designed under emergency powers after Brexit to deal with the queues of trucks heading for mainland Europe, the eastbound side of the road is open only for freight between junctions eight and nine. The London-bound side of the road remains open to all traffic. The system was meant to expire in October last year but has since been made permanent. Mr Bartlett said the council is urgently reviewing the circumstances under which it would declare a major incident over the gridlocks "to elicit a more robust response". On Saturday, Ms Elphicke partly blamed the disruption on P&O Ferries' sacking of 800 seafarers. As criminal and civil investigations have been launched into the operator's conduct, P&O Ferries has not yet been granted permission to continue sailing to Calais, France staffed by other — controversially cheaper — agency workers. DON'T MISSBritons forced to abandon trips as cancelled flights add to travel chaos [INSIGHT]Jet stream to freeze Britain – rain, snow and icy gales till Easter [WARNING]‘Slap in the face’ as P&O Ferries rehires 30 staff to train replacements [REPORT] Ms Elphicke, while condemning the delays as having had an "unacceptable impact" locally, alerted traffic was expected to last for some days. She said: "The traffic disruption caused by P&O's actions is very serious. Coupled with adverse weather conditions and the Easter getaway traffic, the situation has become severe. This can be expected to continue for the next few days." The Port of Dover said: "The main approach roads to the port are currently very busy. "The ongoing impact of the lack of any P&O services continues to affect remaining ferry operations with the commencement of the Easter getaway period. "Operators are working hard to process the traffic, clear local congestion and get people on their way as swiftly as possible. Tourist traffic continues to move through the port." It advised passengers to allow extra time for their journey and "use alternative routes where possible". Adding to the travel turmoil, ferry operator DFDS on Tuesday morning announced its vessels will not be able to take any more P&O Ferries passengers for two days. The company had been providing crossings for P&O Ferries passengers. It wrote in a tweet: "P&O FERRIES INFO | DFDS has no availability for P&O customers between 08 April 00:01 and 10 April 23:59. Please do not proceed to port without a confirmed reservation, contact P&O Ferries for alternative travel arrangements." It followed a reduction in capacity last week when storms temporarily stopped all ferry sailings and a DFDS vessel was taken out of service after a minor incident. Further pressure was brought by the breakdown of a Eurotunnel Le Shuttle train, which carries freight and all types of vehicles to mainland Europe, in the tunnel on Monday. It led to the suspension of ticket sales and customers facing delays of about 90 minutes. According to Eurotunnel, it came at the point of most traffic since 2019, when children returned to school after UK Covid travel rules were scrapped.