Escalating energy bills and rising prices for the weekly shop are draining households of already scarce disposable income. In the worst case scenarios, people will fear they won’t be able to meet basic needs – never mind save for the future. MPs are presenting bold proposals for how to reduce the impact on family finances, with one idea being that people could have lower fuel prices when the weather generates more energy. Such genuine blue-sky thinking is welcome and vital, and so is urgent action within the corridors of Whitehall. The consequences of not turning on the heating can be lethal and it would shame our country if people needlessly perish for fear of being pushed deeper into poverty. Politicians of all parties should remember that few issues can do more to motivate people to get to the voting booth than the economy. The mission for ambitious MPs of every tribe should be to make sure that people are able to keep as much of their hard-earned cash as possible. Successive governments have won elections because the public trusted them more than their rivals to protect their bank balances. Any party forgets that key lesson at its dire peril.  One of the top priorities for this nation this year is ensuring that the Queen has the happiest Platinum Jubilee celebrations possible. Polling published today reveals nearly three-quarters of people want the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to stay away from the festivities. However, though Prince Harry and Meghan may not be everybody’s favourite royals, it would be no surprise if the Queen had a heartfelt wish to have them around her celebration dining table. The country’s goal should be for the Jubilee to be a truly happy and glorious success without any family tension. We hope the Queen will have by her side the people who bring her joy. It is, after all, a grandmother’s prerogative to control the guest list for her party. Health Secretary Sajid Javid has displayed courage and leadership to open up about the loss of his father to bowel cancer. By the time his dad was diagnosed at the age of 71 the disease had spread to his lungs and liver. Mr Javid hopes that his family’s story will encourage people to pay close attention to their health. Everyone in England aged 60-74 now receives a “bowel test” in the post every two years so they can check for signs of cancer. We should all heed his message and be vigilant about our health.