The 86th edition of the Masters takes place at Augusta National from April 7 to April 10 - and fans will be flocking to the iconic Georgia course to see some of the best golfers in the world strike mesmerising shots. If history is anything to go by, we will see more examples of stunning play in 2022. A capacity crowd is expected for the first time since 2019 amid the pandemic to welcome the first major of the season. The Masters is one of the most prestigious tournaments on the calendar, and signals the start of summer for many fans along with The Open, US Open and PGA Championship. Across the storied history of the Masters, some undoubtedly incredible shots have been struck. Express Sport takes a look at five of the most iconic and truly great shots in the event’s history: Jon Rahm - 2020 Yes, I know it was in a practice round - but Jon Rahm’s unbelievable hole-in-one on the 16th was one of the greatest shots any fan has ever seen. The Spaniard nonchalantly crunched the ball into the lake, and it perfectly skid across the surface and bounced three times before bouncing onto the green. READ MORE: Woods playing the Masters 'good for golf' as Augusta rivals delighted It wasn’t done there though, with the pace of the shot taking the ball onto the green and arcing all the way around before dropping in. When the camera panned back to Rahm, the Spaniard and his team were laughing at the sheer audacity of the shot. Vijay Singh was somewhere smiling, I’m sure. Bubba Watson - 2012 It didn’t look good for Bubba Watson. After playing his way into the sudden-death playoff with Louis Oosthuizen, Watson hooked his drive left of the 10th’s fairway. His predicament in such a high-stakes moment didn’t faze Watson. He calmly smashed a perfect 40-yard wedge through a chute in the trees, allowing him to set up a two-putt par to make Watson a Masters champion. Phil Mickelson - 2010 This was the shot that secured Phil Mickelson his third Masters title. Hindered by a towering pine tree with over 200 yards to the green, Mickelson - who was up by two at the time - chose to go for broke. The American smashed the ball up, narrowly avoiding the base of the tree, and it came down to land mere yards from the hole. It was a special moment and stunning shot in the famous career of Mickelson. DON'T MISSTiger Woods' Masters Thursday tee time confirmedTiger Woods' 2019 redemption victory and 4 other best Masters momentsTiger Woods confident he can win The Masters Tiger Woods - 2005 Known to some as ‘the Nike shot’ as the ball perfect rolls in as the sport manufacturer’s iconic logo is displayed to the camera, Tiger Woods played this excellent shot from long and left of the 16th green. The odds were stacked against him: he had to get the ball to stop in the appropriate spot to take the break and fall towards the hole. However, the ball was remarkably hit on the perfect line to edge into the hole - and help Woods chase down Chris DiMarco before winning the playoff. Jack Nicklaus - 1986 This was the shot that defined the great Jack Nicklaus’ incredibly unlikely 1986 Masters title win, which featured a stunning back-nine score of 30 on Sunday. He struck a 5-iron to 12 feet at the 16th to set up an eagle as he dominated Augusta National. His son, Jack II, was his caddie and famously said, “Be right” - to which Jack replied: “It is.”