Most drivers will be all too aware how annoying it can be to have someone giving you advice while you’re behind the wheel, and often that comes from a spouse being a back-seat driver while sitting in the front. Now new research from Comparethemarket.com has shown just how stressful it can be to be locked inside a speeding vehicle with a nagging spouse, and how arguments can be avoided. The comparison site found that wives are the most annoying passengers with 12.8 percent of drivers complaining about them. But husbands of course were a very close second with 11.4 percent. Daughters, mothers and boyfriends made up the rest of the top five most stressful people to drive with. READ MORE: ‘Time to tax EV drivers’ say motorists Indeed, ‘backseat driving’ is the most common complaint among drivers, along with having the wrong directions, getting lost, having to turn back and being distracted by passengers. And it seems some parts of the UK are more likely to have in-car arguments than others. Cardiff in Wales was the most likely with 34 percent of drivers saying they squabble in the car. Bottom of the list was Bristol, with just nine percent of drivers quarrelling behind the wheel. DON'T MISSWheeler Dealers Mike Brewer believes 2030 car ban will be delayed [INSIGHT]Shocked builder handed 51 driving fines in a day [SHOCKING]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [ANALYSIS] According to drivers, male passengers are typically better at giving directions than women, with 40 percent agreeing that husbands, fathers, boyfriends and sons are the best navigators. That’s compared to only 25 percent agreeing the same for wives, mothers, girlfriends and daughters. And when it comes to setting the temperature, it’s women who are in control. But men are more likely to pick music to drive along to. Therapist Marissa Peer said: "Driving is stressful for everyone but particularly for the person at the wheel. “Their nervous system is heightened because they are aware of the responsibility they have for themselves and their passengers. "Either partner might consider a car journey the perfect opportunity to discuss an issue that the other has been avoiding because they have, quite literally, a captive audience. "What’s more, there is no means of escape in a car - at home you’d be able to leave the room to make a cup of tea if it feels like there’s a row brewing. The confined space and close proximity tends to magnify your partner’s annoying habits.” Alex Hasty, director at comparethemarket.com exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Many motorists will have experienced an argument with a passenger, a tricky situation when you're confined to a small space and while trying to concentrate on the road. “Our research reinforces this, showing that almost 1 in 4 UK drivers argue with their passenger when in the car, whether that's a friend, family member or partner. "As a driver, you need to be cautious of distractions coming from your passengers. “They can significantly impact your driving abilities, by taking your attention away from the road and hindering your ability to react quickly. He added: ‘’While it is the driver’s responsibility to stay focused, passengers can help by keeping an eye out for obstructions, giving clear and concise directions and making sure they avoid getting in the way of mirrors and gear sticks. “Most importantly, passengers must do everything they can to avoid distracting the driver, to help keep all passengers safe.’’