Ash Barty has shared her first career move after retiring from tennis as the world No 1. The 25-year-old was the top-ranked player and defending Wimbledon and Australian Open champion when she announced her decision to end her playing career. While many thought the Aussie would move onto golf next, her upcoming plans are a step away from the sporting world as she plans to release a series of children's books. Barty ended her Hall of Fame-worthy career ahead of the Miami Open last month, where she was the two-time defending champion. She was the reigning world No 1 and is still the defending Wimbledon and Australian Open champion but called it a day aged just 25, saying: "I don’t have the physical drive, the emotional want and everything it takes to challenge yourself at the very top of the level any more. I am spent." The three-time Major champion had taken a break earlier in her career and gone on to play Big Bash cricket professionally before returning to tennis, and many tipped her to move into another sport after her retirement. Holding a zero handicap, Barty has competed in club golf tournaments in the past and even won an event at the Brookwater Golf and Country Club in the weeks after her retirement, but she recently shut down speculation of a new career in the sport. The 25-year-old confirmed she turning her hand to writing as she is set to release a series of children's books as well as a memoir. Barty told The Courier Mail that the kids' books would be released as early as July and are loosely based on her own life and experiences with her family though they will be fiction stories. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios receives death threats as tennis star calls out abuse  The six-part series will be called Little Ash, and will be written and illustrated with First Nations creatives Jasmin McGaughey and Jade Goodwin and published by HarperCollins. Barty admitted that her five-year-old niece Lucy was the driving force behind her new project, and is also hoping to be "really hands-on with" reading to children in rural communities. "This project has been so much fun and something I have always wanted to do," she said of her new venture. "Lucy was my North Star. She is the perfect age to understand stories and storylines and read chapter books." She also explained her decision to write a memoir so early in her life, something she will do alongside journalists Leo Schlink and Konrad Marshall. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic opens up on 'mentally and emotionally' difficult monthsCarlos Alcaraz's coach believes Miami Open win may work against himDjokovic fires Nadal French Open warning as he finally returns   Touching on the autobiographical book, Barty said: "At 25 it’s not super-regular that something like this happens but it is a very exciting project. Looking back and talking about it has brought me so much joy and heartache and pain but I think it will be a very good read." And the talented golfer shut down speculation that she would be seeking a career in the sport after winning the ladies' tournament at her club a week ago. "I had a good laugh about it," she said of the rumours, after playing a round of golf with friends. "It’s alright. It’s all good. We try and play every week if we can. Normally it's one in all in or one out all out. A very cruisy four-ball." Instead, Barty said she was just happy to be "scrambling around on a Saturday."