Germany has pledged to cut off its dependence on Russia's gas in a show of support to Ukraine following its invasion in February 2022. But Chancellor Olaf Scholz was awkwardly confronted during a visit to London over Germany still importing resources despite warning the funds are being used to fuel Vladimir Putin's war efforts. Mr Scholz insisted the close relationship Berlin built up with Moscow over the years meant Germany would take some time before fully easing off Russian gas.  He however reiterated his commitment to helping Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky in his efforts to push back against the Russians. Questioning the Chancellor during a joint press conference with Boris Johnson, BBC reporter Nick Eardley said: "How do you defend the fact that the European Union sent €35 billion to Russia for energy since the start of the war? "Do you really think Germany has gone far enough fast enough to move away from Russian energy?" Mr Scholz said: "We are doing all we can and we are doing a lot. JUST IN: 'Putin has demonstrably failed' Boris Johnson lauds united Europe with Olaf Scholz  "I think it is a very strong decision we took to go away from the use of fossil resources. "We invest into becoming the country who will just be using renewables for electricity and energy supply we need. "This will be with off-shore winds, with wind onshore, it will be solar and we will invest into our grid." He continued: "This will take place over approximately 20 years. And this is really a tough agenda. READ MORE: Sick Putin loses his grip on every front, says FREDERICK FORSYTH "Right this week we've had a decision in our Cabinet on the first legislation projects that are linked to that because we want to increase the velocity of all these activities and this also means to change a lot of legal restraints we have." Mr Johnson also paid tribute to Germany's efforts to shake up its gas suppliers. The Prime Minister said: "Bear in mind the huge steps the EU are already taking, that Olaf and Germans are already taking, to move away from oil and gas. DON'T MISSVDL hammered for 'not even trying' with new Russia sanctions [REPORT] Putin's plot to hold Germany to ransom could end in disaster [INSIGHT] Energy crisis lifeline: UK opens North Sea taps to slash Russia relian [REVEAL] "The dependency has been massive, it's clearly something that they're now moving away very fast – I think in the middle of 2024, Germany is going to stop using Russian gas which is quite extraordinary. "That is going to be done through technological change and progress, and we want to work together with Germany to achieve that." Mr Johnson also said negotiating with Russian President Vladimir Putin does not seem to be "full of promise." He added: "I am deeply, deeply sceptical and cynical about his (Putin's) assurances."