 Today marks the Queen’s 96th birthday. Her Majesty is understood to be spending the momentous occasion with family and friends in Sandringham. The monarch travelled to Wood Farm — a secluded cottage on the Norfolk estate — where she spent a lot of time with her late husband Prince Philip.  Her birthday is not the only monumental milestone in the Queen’s calendar this year; the monarch also celebrates her Platinum Jubilee, marking 70 years on the throne. Her Majesty is the longest-reigning monarch in British history — her time on the throne has been marked by an immense transition for the British Commonwealth, formerly known as the British Empire, as the world has modernised and many nations have achieved independence. During her reign, the Queen has hosted visitors from a huge number of countries; these visits play an important role in strengthening Britain’s relationships with nations across the world. Typically, the visitors will be hosted at a State Banquet, a grand formal occasion held in the Buckingham Palace Ballroom, to which around 150 guests are usually invited.  Before dinner is served, Her Majesty makes a speech and proposes a toast to the visiting Head of State, who replies and in return proposes a toast to the monarch. However, during one State Banquet, the Queen was left “fatally” embarrassed after a “timing mix-up”. Royal biographer Robert Hardman, author of the new book, ‘Queen of Our Times’, recounted a story of the Queen and her guests waiting for things to “kick off” but were left “standing there” when it didn’t. Usually, following the toasts from the Queen and the visiting Head of State, dinner is served and everyone takes a seat.  However, due to a behind-the-scenes timing mix-up, the monarch and her guests were left standing and waiting. Recalling the incident, Mr Hardman told the Washington Post this week: “It was just fatally embarrassing.” He recalled talking to a “very senior courtier” who said: “‘Oh, God, it was awful.’” The courtier told Mr Hardman that he had received a “frosty glare” from Her Majesty, adding: “I really did get the full glare.”  Former Prime Minister, Tony Blair, wrote about the Queen’s infamous glare in his memoirs, saying that Her Majesty might be “matey with you, but don’t try to reciprocate or you get ‘The Look’”. The Queen’s last State Banquet was in 2019; she hosted former president Donald Trump and spoke of the “long lasting friendship” between the UK and the US. Her Majesty’s public appearances have been on a gradual decline in recent years. After the coronavirus pandemic, the tragic death of Prince Philip and ongoing health concerns, the monarch has taken a step back from her royal duties and carries out the majority of her engagements virtually.  She recently made the permanent move from Buckingham Palace to Windsor Castle, where she is closer to Prince Andrew, Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. Windsor was also the backdrop of her final years with her late husband and where they spent the majority of their time during the nations’ Covid lockdowns. Today, the Queen is expected to be spending her birthday with her loved ones on the Sandringham Estate, where Philip chose to spend his retirement years. In a message on Twitter, the Royal Family wished the Sovereign with an adorable photo of the young Princess, alongside a message that said: “Happy Birthday Your Majesty!  “Today as The Queen turns 96, we’re sharing this photograph of the young Princess Elizabeth aged 2. “Then, in 1928, it was never expected she would be Queen, and this year Her Majesty is celebrating her #PlatinumJubilee — a first in British history.” The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee will be celebrated during an extended weekend in June. This coincides with the Queen’s ‘second birthday’ – which the nation formally celebrates – which is usually marked with a spectacular parade called Trooping the Colour.  The parade travels from the Horse Guards Parade in Whitehall to Buckingham Palace. Huge crowds gather to watch the stunning procession which involves more than 1,400 parading soldiers, 200 horses and 400 musicians. The Queen is then joined by other members of the Royal Family on the balcony at Buckingham Palace to watch a fly-past by the Royal Air Force. This year, the Platinum Jubilee and the Queen’s birthday will be marked between June 2-5.