World No 1 Novak Djokovic is hoping for a much better showing at the Serbia Open as he continues his preparation for the French Open, having crashed out of the Monte Carlo Masters earlier this month after just one match. Djokovic's return to action in Monte Carlo saw him play just his second event of the year and he was beaten 6-3 6-7(5) 6-1 by Alejandro Davidovich Fokina in the second round, having received a first round bye. The 34-year-old is looking to rebound quickly, though, and will face compatriot Laslo Djere in the Serbia Open on Wednesday. And with the French Open just one month away, Djokovic is simply aiming to "play more matches in Belgrade than in Monte Carlo", before turning his attention to defending the title he won in Paris last year. Speaking at a press conference, Djokovic said: "I was not fully ready for the tournament in Monte Carlo and I knew that before the tournament started. However, I need match practice and this is the surface (clay) that requires a lot of time spent on the court during training sessions, and even more during matches. "I hope to play more matches in Belgrade than in Monte Carlo." Last year, Djokovic won an ATP event held in Serbia immediately before the French Open, which he won for the second time in his career by beating Stefanos Tsitsipas in the final. JUST IN: Djokovic's Serbia Open opponent fires threat to No 1 as he eyes win And Djokovic is hoping to repeat a similar feat this year by winning the Serbia Open before defending his crown in Paris next month. "I had never before played a tournament in the week ahead of Roland Garros but last year I decided to do just that," he added. "Because it was Belgrade and I needed the feeling that the audience is the wind beneath my wings. It came true, I won the tournament, and it turned out I made a good decision ahead of the French Open." And Djokovic's coach, Goran Ivanisevic, is confident he will be able to win the tournament, insisting he "will be ready". "He wasn't feeling well before he came here," Ivanisevic told Unibet of Djokovic's Monte Carlo defeat. DON'T MISSRaducanu 'miles away' from potential as Becker slams early lossesDjokovic loses, Raducanu suffers new injury, Federer and Nadal updateAsh Barty to join Guardiola and Kane in exhibition golf tournament "He was sick. Let's say he's not fit one hundred per cent to compete. First of all, in this situation. Three weeks ago, he was not allowed to play here because of the Covid decision. Then France opened, and he was allowed. And it's difficult mentally.