Almost half (48 percent) of hatchback drivers believe they are loyal and reliable, with only five percent of these saying they “live life in the fast lane”. And 41 percent of those who own a station wagon proudly declare they are organised. In contrast, as many as one in three (33 percent) drivers behind the wheel of a 4x4 like to “go anywhere, at any time”. Of those who believe their car represents their personality, many think their vehicle says more about them than their job (20 percent), dress sense (18 percent), and even music taste (17 percent). And one in four (26 percent) have even opted for a vehicle which better matched their personality, rather than going for something more practical. The research was commissioned by Your Red Car, the online auto marketplace powered by Santander, which has also developed a quiz to help drivers find their “car personality”. The quiz tells motorists if they are in the “Fiat 500 gang”, a kid-centric “Volvo Viber”, or more likely to be a “fast and furious Porsche driver”, among other profiles. Denton Brock, Head of Your Red Car, said: “A car can speak volumes about you as a person, and can often be an extension of our personalities. “For others, particularly those with children, it can even be an extension of the family – which is why it’s so important to find the right one, from both a practical and aesthetic point of view, and one that has that all-important personality fit.” The study also found two-thirds of drivers (65 percent) don’t yet own their dream car – but revealed the top characteristics for their ultimate vehicle include a luxurious interior (32 percent), or being in their favourite colour (23 percent). However, 34 percent said the main thing they want from their dream car is that it is “fun to drive”. And more than a third (35 percent) admitted driving their dream car would mean ticking off a major life milestone. Of those who do drive their perfect car, nearly three in five (57 percent) said it is “a joy to drive”, while 30 percent claim it has “all the latest tech”. It also emerged that when shopping for a used car, three in ten parents (29 percent) revealed their little ones have influenced their decision on which vehicle to buy. While kids most commonly wanted more space, one in ten (12 percent) admitted their child persuaded them to get a certain vehicle because it was “cool”. More than half of drivers polled, via OnePoll, “take pride” in how their vehicle looks – spending an average of two hours and 26 minutes each month looking after their motor. Denton Brock added: “For so many, our car is our pride and joy – so having it look the part is really important. “But for those in the market for something new – whether it’s something strong and sturdy for the family, a zippy little motor, or a car in a “must have” colour – you can easily find a wide range of used cars on the Your Red Car site. “Our cars suit a range of budgets, and you can have peace of mind that all our dealers have been approved by Santander Consumer Finance.” To see the huge choice of quality vehicles, and £75 reward that Your Red Car has to offer, visit here.