Paul Massara, former CEO of Npower, a British supplier of gas and electricity, warned LBC’s Nick Ferrari of another Ofgem rise set to happen in 2022. “It's a very concerning time”, said Massara. The Ofgem energy price cap increase is to be introduced from Friday morning. The rise in energy prices from April is “incredibly large”, but Massara believes households are set for a second shock as bills will rise again in October. “The reality is that the price cap has protected people through the winter period,” explains Massara. This spring, households are set to receive “a massive shock” as a result of the price cap increase. Vulnerable people were protected by the price cap throughout the winter, but Massara warns the increase will now hit hardest “for those most in need” “Those people most vulnerable, who are trying to budget day by day” are set to struggle most as the nation adjusts to new Ofgem guidance. READ MORE: Eurozone inflation reaches ‘brutal’ 7.5 percent Massara explained to Ferrari there is “worse” yet to come. The energy price cap is set to increase again in October 2022 and the ex-CEO warns this could create a rise of up to £800 for bill payers. The Conservative Government has outlined a support plan set to help the nation adjust to the new financial demands. However, Massara is highly critical of the Government's efforts, saying “the Government really needs to do more.” Read more:Britons face £73 per month rise in bills this month     “They’ve done the £150 towards the council rebate on bands A-D,” explains Massara. The £150 tax rebate is part of the Government support scheme and houses in council tax bands A-D are eligible to receive the money. Massara argues this only makes households bills “slightly lower today” and fails to offer long term support for the true impact of the energy price rise “What they’ve done isn’t enough and isn’t well targeted enough” added Massara. Don't miss:How to save money on gas and electricity bills [INSIGHT]April energy price cap hike: Should I fix my energy prices until 2023? [ANALYSIS]Three steps Britons should take ahead of Ofgem's price cap rise  [REVEAL]     The energy price cap rise begins from the 1st of April 2022. A record increase in global gas prices has seen the energy price cap rise 54%, leaving many UK households concerned about meeting the new cost. 22 million customers will see an increase of £693 as energy bills soar to £1,971. The dramatic rise has shocked households across the UK and Massara claims Rishi Sunak, “the Chancellor, will be coming back to the table before October with a much more comprehensive package” of support for bill payers.   