The long, four-day Easter bank holiday seems like the perfect time to get stuck into DIY and other various home improvement activities. That being said, many stores supplying the tools and essentials either close or operate on reduced hours over this period. Easter Monday falls on April 18 this year, and while most stores will reopen to the public on this day, many will be open for less time than normal. So, if you need to pick up any last-minute essentials, it’s important to know what times the stores will be in operation to avoid disappointment. However, most store opening hours vary by location and store type, making it pivotal to check the hours of your local store first. Will Ikea, B&Q, Homebase and Wickes be open on Easter Monday?  READ MORE: DIY SOS star on how to budget kitchen and bathroom renovations  The Swedish furniture giant will be reopening its doors on Easter Monday under business as usual opening hours. Ikea store opening times vary by location, so to check what time your local will be operating, check out the store locator here. Although B&Q saw closures across many stores on Easter Sunday, it will be reopening its doors on Easter Monday.   B&Q will be open from 7am to 8pm, like usual, on Easter Monday. However, it’s advised to check your local store before visiting - you can do so here. Homebase was slightly more lenient in its opening hours this weekend, as it remained open on Easter Sunday instead of closing like others. On Easter Monday, Homebase stores are noted to be open from 8am to 7pm. To check out your local store’s exact opening time before your venture out, you can use the Homebase store locator here. DON'T MISS: Interior design: Avoid ‘harsh colours’ in the bedroom [ANALYSIS]Households no longer pay to get rid of DIY waste [INSIGHT]How to enhance kerb appeal and make your home 'stand out' [EXPLAINED]     After closing its doors on Easter Sunday, Wickes is said to reopen with business as usual hours from Easter Monday. The standard opening hours for Wickes very much depend on the location, so it’s advised to check your local store ahead of your visit. Use the Wickes store locator here to find out what time your nearest store will open. 