 The Steph's Packed Lunch presenter often invites former Great British Bake Off star John Whaite onto her Channel 4 show as a guest chef. Last year, John stepped away from the kitchen to demonstrate his dancing skills to the nation and made it through to the Strictly Come Dancing final with professional partner Johannes Radebe. With this year's celebrity line-up yet to be announced, John told Express.co.uk why he thought Steph would excel on the BBC show.    John, 32, made Strictly Come Dancing history by being part of the first all-male pairing in the show's history. He and Johannes waltzed their way into the final but narrowly missed out on the Glitterball Trophy to EastEnders actress Rose Ayling-Ellis and her pro partner Giovanni Pernice. Following the stellar final, John embarked on a tour around the country with the show's cast. The tour has now wrapped and John recently attended the Royal Television Society Awards in London where he opened up about his time dancing and his hopes for this year's milestone 20th series.  READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage  Speaking to Express.co.uk on the red carpet, John said: "It’s nice to be out because we were in our COVID-19 bubbles during Strictly Come Dancing 2021, then the tour came along. "But I am pining for Johannes [Radebe], I am pining for the dancefloor and I am pining for the sparkles and the sequins." He added: "I have seen Johannes as he is doing his own tour rehearsal at the minute and it was amazing. "It made me realise I could not dance, I thought I could dance but when I saw Johannes dancing on his own it was like, ‘Okay that is what dancing is.'"   John also revealed he thought his famous friend Steph would be a great pick for the upcoming series. "I think Steph McGovern would be a hit with fans, she can move, I have seen her jive," he gushed. The Newcastle-born presenter has been hosting her own show since 2020 which airs weekdays on Channel 4. Prior to hosting Steph's Packed Lunch, the 39-year-old worked for the BBC as the main business presenter for BBC Breakfast.  DON'T MISS...Steph's Packed Lunch off air for two weeks in Channel 4 shake-up [LATEST]Steph McGovern addresses two-week break from Packed Lunch [UPDATE]'Holy f**k!' Steph McGovern wowed as Packed Lunch nominated for BAFTA [INTERVIEW]  Despite John's encouraging comments, Steph has spoken out in the past about being invited to take part in Strictly Come Dancing. Speaking on Steph's Packed Lunch in 2020, she admitted: "I have actually been asked a couple of times. "I got asked again this year [2020] but obviously I had a show to launch." When she asked the audience if she should agree to take part in the ballroom dancing show they gave a resounding "yes".  The professional line-up for Strictly Come Dancing 2022 was recently announced with the majority of dancers returning except Oti Mabuse and Aljaž Škorjanec. Aljaž, who has starred on the show for the past nine years, announced his departure in recent weeks on his social media. Oti, who has won the Glitterball Trophy twice, told fans she was leaving the show after seven years in February. Strictly Come Dancing will air later this year on a date yet to be confirmed. 