Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said: “It is here that freedom fights against the world of tyranny. It is here that the future of us all hangs in the balance.” And Lithuanian President Gitanas Nauseda said: “The fight for Europe’s future is happening here.” The conundrum however for central and eastern European EU states - the most vocal supporters of Ukrainian accession to the EU - is to figure out what kind of Europe they are actually fighting for. Long before the Russian assault began it was obvious that a cultural Iron Curtain had split the EU in two. Democracies they might be, but the likes of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Slovakia, Slovenia and the Baltic states, have signalled through government policies that they do not wish to sign up to the progressive agenda of most western European member states. This explains why Hungary and Poland in particular have continued to butt heads with Brussels. Despite the solidarity with Ukraine, the western Europeans seem to believe that the conservative Slavic country - which has far more in common with its neighbours – would soon become another troublesome Hungary or Poland if it joined the EU. Hence the cooler response in western Europe to Ukrainian accession. The Ukrainians too would soon be disabused of the idea – as other central and eastern Europeans have been – that the EU will transform into an alliance of sovereign states rather than continue driving towards federalism. The two halves of the EU may agree on the fundamental principle of democracy, but their disagreements about what a nation actually is must eventually force a reckoning about the future of the bloc and Europe too. Put simply, if Germany and Poland cannot agree on fundamental values then how can they fight for any shared principles? For Ukraine - unlikely to be accepted into the EU or NATO anytime soon - but perhaps still looking for an alliance structure to belong to, the logical step may be to coalesce with its neighbours (notwithstanding recent disagreements between Hungary and Poland over the war, which are likely to be smoothed over given their historic alliance and need for solidarity as regards Brussels). Despite arguments that smaller central and eastern European states are reliant on EU cash, in fact most have now achieved a development level where they are no longer really dependent on Brussels handouts. Most of these states have also retained their own currencies, making it a lot easier for them to step away from the EU than eurozone countries. The reality for central and eastern Europe is that for all the talk of EU solidarity a clear division remains, hands are tied, there is unlikely to be a no-fly-zone, and the US and western Europe have shown that facing a country with a considerable nuclear stockpile is enough to spook them (something which sends a strong message not just to China but Iran and North Korea). For all the talk about Russian military inadequacies the Russian military has not yet lost, there is indication of change in the Russian defence hierarchy in the aftermath of early difficulties, and Russian armed forces appear to be regrouping with intent. This will also send a message to China when it comes to Taiwan, a situation which would quickly deflect US attention. It is long overdue that the central and eastern European states realised their conception of Europe – rooted in Christianity and civilisation – is at odds with the internationalist progressivism championed in western Europe. If Brussels will not provide them with what they need, then perhaps they need to look within themselves and forge a new path together. If, as the Lithuanian President said, the fight for Europe’s future is happening in Ukraine, then it would be good to agree on what that future actually looks like.