The Princess Royal, 71, and the Duchess of Cambridge, 40, stepped out together earlier this week for a rare joint engagement. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams described the pair teaming up as "very interesting". Mr Fitzwilliams highlighted how Anne completes a huge number of royal engagements under the radar, while Kate takes on fewer patronages but is more involved with them. Mr Fitzwilliams said: "It's very interesting because they have different approaches. "The Princess Royal does vast numbers of engagements. "Catherine fewer but she concentrates, this is what the Cambridges seem to be doing, not quite so many patronages but doing more for the ones they take on. "Also Catherine is so high profile, the world's most glamorous royal couple, she and William. "Whereas Princess Anne prefers a low profile and does a tremendous amount of hard work. "Both of them have totally different styles. "Obviously Catherine's a future queen, Anne has her own niche and has done brilliantly. READ MORE: Princess Anne reveals pregnancy horror "And also both of them are extremely popular. "Anne has shown an understanding of the difficulties for royals in an age of scrutiny, even more than there was when she was younger. "Catherine is in the media spotlight now, Anne used to be." DON'T MISSKate's 'instinctive' actions towards Anne praised by royal fans [ANALYSIS]Kate and Princess Anne beaming as they arrive for joint engagement [PICTURES]Kate Middleton and Princess Anne collaboration came at Queen’s request [INSIGHT] Kate and Anne visited the London offices of medical organisations working in maternal healthcare on Wednesday. Anne is patron of the Royal College of Midwives (RCM) and Kate is patron of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG). The Queen's daughter appeared to take the lead during the rare joint engagement, asking most of the questions and sharing her knowledge about the midwifery sector. During the visit, Anne left midwives and Kate in stitches when she recalled fearing one of her babies had become "wedged" when she tripped over in a horse lorry while heavily pregnant. Before leaving the royal women unveiled a plaque to mark the opening of the building.