Tottenham Hotspur regained the advantage over North London rivals Arsenal in the race for top four with a 4-0 victory over Aston Villa on Saturday. Spurs are now sitting pretty in fourth place, three points ahead of the Gunners - following Mikel Arteta's side's defeat against Brighton earlier in the day. Heung-Min Son was the hero at Villa Park, scoring a hat-trick to pile the pressure onto the Gunners - who have one game in hand over them. He swept a brilliant half-volley home in the third minute to set the tone for the match follwoing some suspect defeding by Ezra Konsa Dejan Kulusevski then made it 2-0 just after the half-time break, latching onto a header from Harry Kane before drilling a strike into the far corner. Son then grabbed his second in the 66th minute, the 29-year-old latched onto a Kane flick before smashing the ball past Martinez to send the travelling Spurs fans into a frenzy. He then capped off an excellent individual performance by scoring his third, smashing home a cut-back by Kulusevski. There was plenty to like about Antonio Conte's Spurs' but also a lot of food for thought for Steven Gerrard after he watched his side disappoint, here are five things Express Sport learned. Son’s delightful hat-trick means that he has now passed the goalscoring tally of Eden Hazard in 20 games less. The Korean now has 87 Premier League goals for his side in 225 games and is thriving in Conte’s system after a run of subpar displays whereas Hazard scored 85 in 245 matches. Son certainly thrives from playing a lot closer to Harry Kane and being able to link up with England captain Kane and know that if he makes a run, nine times out of ten his teammate should be able to find him. The winger has formed an unbelievable partnership with Kane and the pair were in flying form at Villa Park and could be the difference between the team securing Champions League football or Europa League. Matt Doherty has revived his career at Spurs under Conte. The defender struggled when he first arrived at the club in 2020, but the team’s move to a back three meant that he could return to his preferred wingback role. But unfortunately for the Ireland international, he could fear a spell on the sidelines after coming off injured in the 21st minute. Doherty picked up the injury early in the first half after a strong tackle from Matty Cash, though despite attempting to continue, he soon had to admit defeat and was replaced by Sergio Reguilon. Although Doherty was playing on the left, the injury means that Conte could be left with Emerson Royal and Reguilon only has two options for his wingbacks going forward – the most important positions in his system. Although both were solid against Villa, they aren’t in the flying form that Doherty is in. Reports have circulated of fears that Conte might walk away from Spurs if he doesn’t get the backing that he feels he needs in the summer. And the Italian is continuing to prove that any funds forked out on transfers is likely to be money well spent. Kulisevski has been in terrific form since signing on a two-year loan from Juventus in January. The Sweden international’s goal proved just how lethal he can be, firing a fierce strike past Martinez – who will feel he could have done better in hindsight. Although it wasn’t his best game in a Tottenham shirt against Villa, Rodrigo Bentacur has also solved a lot of Conte’s issues in midfield. The Argentine brings stamina, composure and a sense of class into the centre of the park and proves to Levy that Conte could build an impressive team if given the budget to do so. Villa have been closely linked with PSV right-winger Noni Madueke lately, and Gerrard’s team selection may highlight why. His side started with a front three of Ollie Watkins on the left, Philippe Coutinho down the middle and Danny Ings on the right. Of course, this may have been tactical. However, playing striker Ings on the right underlined why the manager may be keen to sign a right-sided forward in the summer. Leon Bailey was signed from Bayern Leverkusen before the start of the season but has struggled to make an impression at Villa Park, and only entered the fray in the 70th minute. The Jamaican should have been the winger that Gerrard is now in the market for, but he doesn’t appear to have staked his claim to his manager so far. Conte is expected to be in the market for a left-sided centre back in the summer, and that could be the final piece of the puzzle for the former Chelsea boss. The defence experienced several shaky moments against Villa, especially in the late stages of the first half, and they may just be one composed head in central defence away from being competitive in all competitions. Both Eric Dier and Cristian Romero, especially the latter, are thriving in the back three and although Ben Davies did well against Villa, he may not be the top quality defender that the club need to progress. If Conte is able to sign a defender of his choosing, he certainly has a core group of players that could challenge for silverware next season and beyond.