It comes as green activists say they shut down production at Kingsbury Oil Terminal near Birmingham after protesters got into the site. The group says it has also blocked access to Grays Inter Terminals in Thurrock, Essex.   A video posted on Just Stop Oil's twitter account shows an activist saying that protesters have been tanker surfing outside the Navigator Terminal in Grays. Activist Louise Lancaster, 57, said: "We have two to three years to plot a new course to save life on earth. I will not be a bystander while this government squanders its opportunity to shape a sustainable future, fobbing us off with lies." Twitter users have criticised the latest action with cuttsy64 tweeting: "The whole world is aware we need to stop using oil but it can't happen overnight can it? In case you haven't noticed petrol and diesel is being phased out but it takes time. You're just punishing normal people." The action comes after campaigners caused rush-hour chaos in west London on Thursday after activists clambered onto an oil tanker and forced the closure of a major roundabout leading to the start of the M4 motorway. Images posted on social media showed four protesters glued to the top of an Eddie Stobart field tanker at the junction which feeds traffic from west London on and off the M4. Flags that read Just Stop Oil hung from the side of the lorry.   Just Stop Oil is a youth-led coalition of groups working to ensure the Government commits to halting new fossil fuel licensing and production. The action on Friday comes two days after Extinction Rebellion (XR) activists glued themselves to the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS). Scientists for XR, which organised the demo, said it was protesting against the Government's "irresponsible and dangerous pursuit of new fossil fuels". The group argues that increasing fossil fuel production is incompatible with meeting the UK's internationally agreed climate goals.  READ MORE ABOUT A GREGGS CUSTOMER CLAIMING ENGLISH SPEAKERS ARE CHARGED MORE   Protester Emily Cox, a social scientist specialising in public attitudes on climate and energy, said: "We are targeting the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy because it is responsible for choosing between fossil fuels or a liveable planet. "At the moment it is choosing fossil fuels. This is not in the public interest. A huge majority of the UK public want the Government to move away from fossil fuels as fast as possible and replace them with renewable energy. "The public also favours energy efficiency measures such as insulating homes to greatly reduce our demand for oil and gas. "But the Government is not listening, preferring to give subsidies and tax breaks to fossil fuel companies."  DON'T MISS: UK and EU food prices compared: How much YOUR weekly food shop costs [REVEALED] Teacher sacked after 30 years 'devastated' as she loses appeal [LATEST] Pretty country village to house asylum seekers but residents 'unaware' [REPORT]  However, in a message to the activists posted on social media, the Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said: "You cannot - and we won't - switch off domestic oil and gas production. "Doing so would put energy security, jobs and industries at risk - and would simply increase foreign imports, not reduce demand." A BEIS spokesperson said: "We are gradually driving down demand for oil and gas, but we cannot have a cliff edge by turning off our domestic source overnight. "Doing so would put our energy security, British jobs and industries at risk and simply increase foreign imports, not reduce demand.    "Our British energy security strategy sets out a long-term plan to ramp up cheap renewables as we transition away from expensive fossil fuels." The group said the demonstration formed part of a week of civil disobedience by XR in London. It said: "The action is planned to continue until the UK Government agrees to implement Extinction Rebellion's immediate demand: to end all new fossil fuel infrastructure immediately." XR claimed to have occupied the London headquarters of oil giant Shell on Wednesday.   It said activists glued themselves to the reception desk as they requested a meeting with chief executive Ben van Beurden. A spokesperson for Shell said: "We agree that society needs to take urgent action on climate change. Shell has a clear target to become a net-zero emissions business by 2050, in step with society. "We are also committed to the UK and are planning to invest between £20-25 billion in the UK energy system over the next decade - more than 75 percent of this will be in low and zero-carbon, including offshore wind, hydrogen and electric mobility. "We respect the right of everyone to express their point of view and welcome constructive engagement on our strategy and the energy transition. We do ask, however, that in doing so people do not intimidate our people or put anyone's safety at risk." 