Married at First Sight Australia has come to an end on E4 but it shouldn't be too long before the next series of the UK version starts to air. When it was last on screens, MAFS UK caused quite a stir with a number of its contestants in the middle of major drama, one of which was 35-year-old Amy Christophers from Cornwall. Like many of the reality show's stars, she had a turbulent time with her husband DJ and athlete Josh Christie. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight UK.Former glamour model Amy was matched with Josh on Married at First Sight UK 2021 and they hit it off straight away. There was a clear connection between them but that didn't stop the pair from having fiery rows throughout the experiment. Nevertheless, when it came to the final commitment ceremony, Amy and Josh decided to go all in and stay together. This didn't last very long though as fans found out during the reunion show in October last year. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces Just a couple of weeks before they were to appear on the reunion show together, Josh had broken up with Amy. She told the experts: “Something happened and that was it. "10 days isn't a lot, and I'm sorry if you can lose your feelings in 10 days, then were they even f**king real?” He explained that he no longer felt that they were "compatible" as a couple. Despite the very public break-up with Josh, Amy has since moved on to bigger and better things. Prior to joining the E4 reality show, Amy had signed up to work as a sports journalist for the channel Racing TV. This means she covers some of the UK's biggest events on behalf of the channel, including the Grand National on Saturday, April 9. She has spoken to Express.co.uk about her exciting new career as a presenter. DON'T MISS...'We call men boys!' Kriss Akabusi hits back at feminist policing [REACTION]Samantha MAFS Australia: Where is Samantha Moitzi now? [CAST]Mishel MAFS Australia: Where is season 7 star Mishel Karen now? [EXPLAINER] "We're getting bigger and getting other people involved, obviously we've got Frankie Foster [former Love Island star] as well", she said. "It's just going from strength to strength really and it's actually really nice because I've been there [at Racing TV] from the start. "We started off at the races, trying to get people to speak to us and they'd be like, 'Oh no, don't want to be on camera'. "But now, we walk through and they see the orange mic and they're like, 'Oh my God, Racing TV, I want to be on telly!' "We've come a long way and it's getting better and better." Amy has also moved on in her love life as she is now in a new relationship. She didn't want to give too many details away about her new man but stated he was "everything she asked for". "He's just so kind and considerate, trusting, lovely - I don't want to say reliable like an old trainer but he's a really nice guy." Married at First Sight UK is available to watch on E4 in the UK.