Mindful Chef is one of the UK’s most popular food subscription services and combines fresh, sustainably-sourced ingredients with delicious recipes. For Easter, customers can now order new limited-edition recipes that are perfect for a family lunch. Mindful Chef has launched delicious limited-run dishes for Easter that showcase beautiful British produce. Whether you planning on enjoying a Good Friday dinner or Easter Sunday lunch, there are seven Easter dishes that customers can choose from. Only available for two weeks, all dishes can be cooked in 45 minutes or less so you can spend more time with your loved ones and portions are available for one to four individuals. Plus, new customers can save 25 percent off their first four boxes so you can save even more on your meals. Family meals start from £4.38 per portion so this means customers can spend as little as £1.09 per person per meal per four. The new Easter recipes are healthy twists on classics, nutritionally balanced and free from gluten, refined carbs and dairy. In addition, Mindful Chef has worked directly with MSC certified Leap and Fish Said Fred to deliver sustainable recipe options. Order recipes here. Fish is traditionally served on Good Friday and customers can choose the Wild-caught Lemon Baked Cod with Seaside-fresh Samphire or Buttery Baked Lemon Sole with Charred Lettuce to cook from. Opt for a classic roast for Easter Sunday and tuck into the Tender British New Season Lamb Served with Smoky Mint Chimichurri and Pea Salad. Instructions for recipes are easy to follow and most only require basic cooking equipment so there’s no need to buy new tools. There are also sharing dishes including the British Steak Served with Herby Roast Potatoes and Vegetables which is a guaranteed favourite with families. Mindful Chef always includes plant-based options and this year, customers can enjoy the Whole Roasted Cauli ‘cheese’ Roast and Trimmings and a Smoky Tofu Stew with Rosemary Potatoes. Easter is nothing without chocolate and Mindful Chef’s Chocolate and Coconut Torte and Raspberry Beetroot Brownie is the perfect chocolate treat. Mindful Chef’s Easter meals are the best options for cooking a simple, delicious home cooked dinner that’s healthy for all. The menu is available from Sunday April 10 to April 23, 2022. Here is the full Easter menu. EASTER SPECIAL MENU - Lamb with smoky mint chimichurri & pea salad (1p, 2p) - Spring lamb, roasted root veggies & mint sauce (4p) - Samphire and lemon baked cod with pesto tomatoes (1p, 2p, 4p) - Baked lemon sole, potato salad & charred lettuce (1p, 2p, 4p) - Spring steak salad with roast veg (1p, 2p, 4p) - Smoky tofu stew & rosemary potatoes (1p) - Whole roasted cauli 'cheese' roast & trimmings (2p)