Arsenal defender Ben White was seemingly targeted by a sly dig from former club Brighton after the South Coast outfit romped to a surprise 2-1 victory at the Emirates on Saturday. The Seagulls posted a picture on social media which showed a despairing White on his knees after they had scored their opening goal in the encounter.   White ditched Brighton to join the Gunners last summer in a lucrative deal that left Graham Potter without one of his star performers. Arsenal were punished within half an hour at the Emirates when Leandro Trossard finished off Enock Mwepu's cross in a clinical Brighton move. The imperious Mwepu got on the scoresheet himself after the break, directing a measured shot past Aaron Ramsdale to send the travelling fans wild. Martin Odegaard pulled a goal back for the hosts with minutes to spare, but it proved too little, too late as Mikel Arteta's side crumbled to a shock defeat against Brighton, who had failed to win any of their seven previous matches. Even after the excitement and emotion had died down the following day, Brighton posted a picture to their official Twitter account which showed a White looking devastated after Trossard's opening goal. The choice of photo certainly came across as a dig at their former player, who left last summer after one season in the first team. JUST IN: Piers Morgan hits back at 'patronising' Lee Dixon during Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang debate The Seagulls still managed to bag £50million from the deal, a figure which raised eyebrows given that Arsenal pulled the trigger on a youngster who had only racked up one season of top-flight football. Indeed, fans' fears worsened when he was given the runaround by Brentford striker Ivan Toney on his debut, which they lost 2-0. But White has grown into his role under Arteta, cementing his spot alongside Gabriel Magalhaes as the Gunners' first-choice defensive duo. The 24-year-old has featured in 28 of Arsenal's 30 Premier League games this season, and continues to be included in Gareth Southgate's England plans. DON'T MISS: Arsenal risk falling foul of Arsene Wenger’s Champions League aim (INSIGHT)Arteta warned Arsenal will go nowhere until he solves major issue (ANALYSIS)Arsenal's disallowed goal vs Brighton leads to rule change request (NEWS) His impressive individual turnaround still may not be enough to see Arsenal qualify for next season's Champions League, however, after two consecutive league defeats. That left the door open for local rivals Tottenham, who thrashed Aston Villa to leave the Gunners with ground to make up on fourth spot. The race is still finely poised as the likes of West Ham and Manchester United fall away, and Arsenal could close the gap if they win their game in hand. Arteta fired a warning to his stuttering players after the final whistle. "We've shown for many weeks how well we can play; it has been a difficult week and we've lost some big players, but if you get what you want, not everything is going to be with a blue sky," he said, "This is our team in the good moments and especially the defeats. "There are many games to play but we have to be concerned about that performance, especially first half."