Everyone was blithely confident that the 1914-18 conflict had been “the war to end all wars” – in their lifetimes, at least – how quick, initially, to dismiss Herr Hitler as a posturing joke, with his Charlie Chaplin moustache, ridiculous, flapping Nazi salute, and almost pantomime villain speeches. Weren’t we exactly the same about Putin until last month? Laughing at his vainglorious, stripped-to-the-waist publicity snapshots; deriding his deluded, half-baked reading of Russian history; telling ourselves the collapse of the Soviet empire had, just like the implosion of Germany’s global ambitions in 1918, spelt the end of not just the Cold War but any possibility of a hot one too. After all, Muscovites could now swing by McDonald’s for a Happy Meal, couldn’t they? Back in 1996, that inspired columnist Thomas Friedman to advance the so-called “Golden Arches Theory of Conflict Prevention”; the belief that no two countries with McDonald’s franchises would ever go to war with each other. People living in McDonald's territory, he concluded, “don’t like to fight wars. They like to wait in line for burgers.” It was a flip metaphor for a serious point. Friedman believed that countries with a middle-class large enough to sustain the US burger chain had reached a level of global integration and prosperity that “makes warmongering risky and downright unpalatable to its people.”  He reckoned without a psychotic dictator like Putin, the bruiser with an all-powerful disinformation machine that would have been the envy of Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels (whose motto: If you’re going to tell a lie, make it a big one, must be engraved on Putin’s heart.) Even now, with the Russian president somehow managing to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory in Ukraine and committing the worst war crimes in Europe since the Nazis, the broad mass of Russian people have faith in him. They’re prepared to forgo their McNuggets, watch the rouble collapse, and see their young men return in body bags, all in the cause of proud nationalism. So much for the Golden Arches theory, eh? But Friedman also reckoned without someone like Volodymyr Zelensky. The Ukrainian president’s cool, civilised defiance in the face of the worst the snarling monster next door can throw at his people has conferred on him the status of a 21st-century Churchill. As in 1940, good is confronting evil. And, rather wonderfully, it is good that seems to be winning.  British actor and director James D’Arcy just goes from strength to strength. The star of smash movie Dunkirk, probably best known for playing Edwin Jarvis in Avengers: Endgame, is now the lead in Channel 5’s four-part thriller Deadline, playing a dogged investigative journalist. I interviewed D’Arcy this week and could easily see for myself why (by common consent) he gets better-looking with each passing year. He hasn’t made a pact with a certain entity, has he? ------------------------------------ I met Falklands war veteran Simon Weston this week. He looked back with his familiar thoughtfulness at events in the South Atlantic 40 years ago this month. There was much to talk about, but what fascinated me was Simon’s extraordinary, enduring friendship with one Carlos Cachon, another former serviceman roughly his own age. Why extraordinary? Because Cachon was piloting the Argentinian air force fighter-bomber that attacked West’s ship, the Sir Galahad, killing 48 and injuring many more, including Simon, who suffered terrible burns. He says that for years after the conflict he suffered terrible nightmares, where the attacking aircraft was a weird, black entity piloted by a hooded, monstrous devil. Eventually, with his wife’s full support, Simon decided to confront his demon and met Cachon face to face. The two men talked over the events of that terrible day. Cachon revealed he was just 20 seconds from returning to base when he spotted the Sir Galahad; on such sixpences, lives can turn. The two men developed a genuine friendship that endures to this day. Not just a testament to reconciliation and forgiveness; it’s almost biblical, isn’t it?  Bruce Willis’s brave decision to reveal he sufferers from aphasia – an extreme difficulty to form words, often following a stroke – has had an amazingly positive impact on our own Chris Ellison, who for years starred as DCI Frank Burnside in The Bill. Chris, too, has aphasia, and for years he was so embarrassed he felt he had to hide away. “We lived like hermits,” his wife Anita told us on Good Morning Britain this week. But Willis’s decision spurred Chris to go public too. Has it helped? “Yes!” he said, Anita smiling at his side. “And now we’re going out for lunch at the seaside!” she added happily. “Yes!” he nodded, with unmistakable joy. Fabulous to see people getting their lives back. 