Motorists have taken to social media and comments sections to share their frustrations over the driving rule. The rule states that sunglasses cannot be too dark as they could impair the driver’s vision and that a sun visor should be used instead. Driving experts say that while sunglasses are an essential eye protection accessory, some styles can restrict vision while driving. For instance, some lenses might be tinted too dark and restrict daylight vision on the road. Additionally, bulky frames can cause a blind spot, so drivers have been advised to test them out first or stick to using just the built-in car sun visors. Currently, a driver who is found wearing inappropriate clothing that could restrict manoeuvring can face on-the-spot fines of £100 plus three penalty points. READ MORE: delight at scrapping of EU law that wanted sit-on mowers insured However, these fines can increase to £5,000 plus nine penalty points and even a driving ban if the case is taken to court. British drivers have now shared their frustrations with the rule. One Express.co.uk reader said: “W T H is this country coming to, the people who think up these rules need to get a grip, I have never read or heard of such pathetic things in my life.” Another added: “I want to leave this world, it's gone nuts.” DON'T MISS Traffic warden reveals best parts of patrolling UK streets [REVEAL] Uproar over push from Greens to ban second cars [INSIGHT] Boris Johnson racked up £4,000 in parking tickets [SHOCKING] Motorists have also taken to social media to vent their disappointment. One person said: “Absolutely ridiculous. “If I can’t wear my sunglasses I’d be as blind as a bat driving & could guarantee I run the risk of an accident, in the summer or winter…my eyes are really sensitive to bright light." Another added: "That makes no sense. “It is safer to wear sunglasses if the sunlight is blindingly strong." A third person raised the point of the visor not being effective, they said: "So I'm 4 foot 10 and the visor doesn't cover my eyes so I'm allowed to drive being blinded by the sun rather than wear sunglasses?" One reader commented: "What's wrong with sunglasses!? It's many times worse without them!" Another person admitted they had an accident because they forgot their sunglasses. They said: "I MUST wear sunglasses when driving or I sneeze constantly. “I once forgot them on a bright day, and ran into the back of a stationary car, blinded by the sun's glare." The news comes after Britons were warned of huge fines and prison for drinking even if they are in the passenger seat. Anyone supervising a “designated” learner driver while they are over the legal drinking limit can face fines of up to £2,500. In addition to this, they can be handed 10 points on their licence as well as a ban from driving - even when they are not at the wheel. James Armstrong, CEO of Veygo, sent a warning out to British drivers to warn them of huge fines and a potential driving ban if they are caught out. He said: “Lots of us will want to make the most of an extra day off this bank holiday by having a few drinks. “So making arrangements for post-pub lifts will be at the front of people's minds. “A student or teenager who is learning to drive, looking to get in some extra practice and earn some extra cash might seem like a good candidate. "Parents of learner drivers - or their friends - might be tempted to offer taxi money in exchange for a lift home, and cash-strapped learners might be happy to accept.”