Following the atrocities committed in occupied villages in Ukraine, Kira Rudik said that a peace deal with Russia is not possible unless “security guarantees” can be made by NATO members. As Putin focuses his forces on eastern regions, the MP said that she is unwilling to give up any parts of her country and that Ukrainian soldiers will fight “to the last man” to ensure unity.    Responding to David Lammy MP’s question of whether she would accept a situation where Ukraine’s eastern regions are severed and become part of Russia, Mrs Rudik was dismissive. She told LBC: “I would like to ask people who are suggesting that, what part of their country are they willing to give up? “I, as an MP and leader of my party, am not willing to give up anything. This is our land. These are our people. “After what we've seen the Russian soldiers were doing to people in the occupied cities, we will be standing and fighting them to the last man.    She added: “And now, after that, we are talking about a peace deal. What kind of peace are we talking about? “The only agreement that could come in Ukraine is if there are security guarantees from other countries who vouch that Putin will keep his word. “Because for us, we know that he would not keep his word. We know that he will continue trying to take over Ukraine.” Negotiations between the two nations have soured of late despite Putin withdrawing troops from Kyiv to focus on the eastern regions of UKraine. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin declares war on US and NATO [LIVE]   Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said on Monday that they will not pause their military operations in the east to consider a peace deal. He accused the West of trying to derail negotiations by alleging Russian forces of war crimes, before admitting that talks were no longer progressing. Mr Lavrov told Russian state television that he saw no reason for the talks to resume while these accusations were being made. The announcement has provided a further roadblock to the potential ceasefire in the conflict area. DON'T MISS: Putin loses the plot as Russian tyrant plans 'insane' terror attacks [REPORT] Putin hammer blow as fresh tranche of sanctions unleashed on Russia [REPORT]West seizure of assets and oil taxes in €500bn plot to rebuild Ukraine [REVEAL]   Western forces made renewed pledges to support Ukraine in their fight against Russia, with several countries announcing visits to Kyiv. The presidents of Poland and the three Baltic states said they would head to the capital following Boris Johnson’s visit last weekend. And US officials are expected to send another $750 million (£573 million) in weaponry to UKraine after President Joe Biden accused Russia of “genocide”. But the calls from Ukraine for more offensive weapons have yet to be heeded, with the US not declaring the type of arms they would be sending.   