Zara Tindall, 40, is joining a group of celebrities to take part in the Slingsby Golf Academy 2022 as a cadet. On Thursday, Strictly Come Dancing star Anton Du Beke revealed the news on Instagram, as all four women taking part are sportswomen, but not trained in golf specifically. What diet and exercise routine will Zara follow to become excellent at golf, and is she up to the task? Sarah Campus, a personal trainer from LDN MUMS FITNESS spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to reveal all.  Sarah outlined whether Zara’s background as an equestrian will help with her golf pursuit. She said: “Riding physically strengthens the body, especially the core. It's a full-body workout and helps to increase our balance and improve our posture. “It's likely that your posture out of the saddle will improve the more regularly you ride. This can certainly help Zara’s participation in golf as golf certainly requires core strength, focus, concentration and good posture.” Does Zara follow any specific exercise routines to stay so fit and healthy?  READ MORE: Dr Michael Mosley shares how to burn calories by standing up more Sarah continued: “As an athlete and former Olympic silver medallist, Zara, has always been in tune with what it takes to get her body into peak physical condition. “Even now, Zara appears to have maintained many of those foundational habits formed during her years as a competitive athlete. “Zara and Mike have an extensive gym installed in their estate home. Zara likes to squeeze in a quick workout in their home gym before her kids wake up – with her preference being to jump on an exercise bike for a spin. “During her peak equestrian eventing days, Zara had to ‘work hard’ on her fitness, which included riding up to eight horses a day.  “At that time, Zara’s regimen also included swimming and cycling for fitness, strength and endurance.” Sarah expanded on Zara’s favoured diet to maintain her excellent figure. She added: “Zara follows two very simple food rules to stay on track; namely, limiting carbohydrates and sugar as much as possible. “She doesn’t diet but tries to eat well and not eat too many carbohydrates or sugary things. A typical plate for her is full of fresh and wholesome foods that are laden with protein, vitamins and nutrients.  “Zara tends to start the day at 7am with a simple breakfast of Greek yoghurt and honey. This would carry her through to lunchtime, where she’d enjoy a fuss-free ‘simple’ meal, like soup and a sandwich or eggs and toast. “Healthy home-cooked meals are Zara’s preference at dinner time, with her husband Mike Tindall confirming that Zara is ‘an awesome cook’, and ‘does all the cooking in the house.'" This scheme was created by Slingsby Gin, and sponsored by BMW PGA Championship. It hopes to inspire more females to take up the sport this summer while championing the social side of the game. The royal who normally favours equestrian pursuits will join tennis coach Dame Judy Murray, Sky Sports Boxing presenter Anna Woolhouse and doctor and TV personality Zoe William on the golfing green.  The Slingsby Gin Instagram page shared a video of host Anton making the announcement. The caption reads: "Meet the Slingsby Golf Academy Class of 2022. "We're delighted that our celebrity Golf Academy is returning for a second year to mark our continued sponsorship of @bmwpga Championship and to encourage more women to take up golf.” It adds that the four new recruits “are ready to break down barriers”, and they will have guidance from Sky Sports Gold analyst and professional golfer Inci Mehmet to help them master the game. The Princess Royal’s daughter will go head to head with the other women to land a spot at the BMW PGA Championship in the summer. 