Ferrari and Red Bull look to have copied a winglet design from Aston Martin in a bid to boost performance. A new keel wing fitted just under the nose was first presented on the Aston Martin in February. The part was fitted in an attempt to produce extra downforce which is crucial in F1. However, the simple tool was copied by Ferrari with the Scuderia needing just seven days to mimic the design and add it into its plans. Team principal Mattia Binotto all but confirmed a part of the car was inspired by their rivals and issued a staunch warning to other teams. Earlier this year, Binotto said: “On the F1-75, there is already a detail from a car that was presented in the past few days. “And especially in this first phase we will all be watching each other very closely.” Red Bull didn't take long to design a similar narrow inlet on their own cars. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and George Russell set for new upgrades for Miami GP It is believed the winglets will help ‘alter pressure distribution’ which could be vital for performance. Alpine also stole the idea as the team added a range of new parts for the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix at Imola. Fernando Alonso was spotted with his own keel wing which highlights how quickly teams have already copied others' plans. Teams are also keen on fitting the keel winglets as they can fit a range of different components. It is believed some teams are fitting their electronics in the part rather than in the sidepods. F1’s development race appears to be in full swing as teams try to hold onto gains or pull themselves back into contention. DON'T MISSCharles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz accused of crumbling under 'pressure' [COMMENT]Mercedes chief reveals deadline for conceding defeat to rivals [INSIGHT]Helmut Marko accused of taking 'cheap shot' at Lewis Hamilton [ANALYSIS] Red Bull boss Helmut Marko is confident his team will not be stopped when it comes to upgrades. When asked if he thought Ferrari could beat Red Bull in a development battle, he simply replied: "I don’t think so." Ferrari boss Binotto has also claimed his team are ready to do a ‘good job’ in the development race to hold onto their early advantage, He said: “Keeping up the level on a long season is a challenge, not just for us but all the teams,” said Binotto. “It’s true that our competitors have very strong development; in 2017 and ‘18 we lost a bit of ground. But since then, in car design, we have improved our [wind] tunnel, technologies, processes and simulations and so today we are much better prepared than in the past to do a good job with development. “We [also] have a budget cap which will affect the rate of development – we need to make sure we have the right policy on that, as it could be a game-changer in the fight for development.” Mercedes are also expected to bring new upgrades to Miami as the team try to find a solution to their lack of performance.