Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku has not got a future at the club under Thomas Tuchel, according to former England midfielder Carlton Palmer. Pundit Palmer has also criticised Tuchel for his treatment of his star striker this season. Lukaku rejoined Chelsea last summer for a club-record fee of £97.5million. But despite scoring on his second debut for the club against Arsenal, it has not gone to plan for the Belgium international. Lukaku has made just 12 starts in the Premier League, with Kai Havertz recently preferred as a false No 9. Palmer says Tuchel is yet to get the best out of the 28-year-old. However, he says the manager is to blame for that and cannot see Lukaku hanging around much longer. Palmer told talkSPORT: “I don’t think he’s got a future under Tuchel, I really don’t. READ MORE: Man Utd can break a curse with Antony shirt number as ‘Erik ten Hag plots move’  “When he first came back, he started the season on fire. He is an absolutely fantastic footballer, and I just don’t understand why a manager would sign a player for that amount of money and then try and change the way he plays the game. “That’s what they’ve tried to do at Chelsea and that’s why you haven’t seen the best of Romelu Lukaku. You’ve seen the way Lukaku plays, he plays on the last man’s shoulder, he likes the ball to come quick and early down the sides to use his pace. “But Tuchel doesn’t want that, he wants his front man to play a little bit differently and he’s not so fussed about the volume of goals he scores, as long as the team scores and wins. At the start of the season everyone was saying Chelsea are going to be challenging for the Premier League title, then all of a sudden Lukaku has hardly been in games, even though he’s such a handful.” DON'T MISSMan Utd likely to do four things in potential Erik ten Hag announcement [COMMENT]Erik ten Hag 'will take Antony to Man Utd' if made manager as double transfer plan emerges [REPORT]Mo Salah will do 'everything on his part' to join Barcelona as Liverpool issue 'threat' [GOSSIP]  Tuchel insisted this week that Lukaku was still a part of his plans moving forward. He said: "We cannot talk to players, we cannot sell and we cannot buy. Romelu still plays a big part in our plans. "I feel he is very motivated, very strong in training. Very much involved when we do the games. He is a winner, and he will stay a winner. He had a good match in Middlesbrough. "In the moment there is no space for bad mood, for disappointment. There are a lot of matches coming in the decisive weeks of the season. There is no space for second thoughts. "We have to focus. And we need every single player and of course Romelu."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here