Roy Keane is set to hold further talks with Hibernian regarding the managerial vacancy at Easter Road over the coming days, according to reports. The former Manchester United skipper is said to be keen on finally making a return to the dugout after turning to punditry over the last few years and is on Hibernian's list of potential targets to replace Shaun Maloney, who was relieved of his duties earlier this month. Keane has not managed a club since he was sacked by Ipswich Town after a run of poor results back in 2011 but looks set to pursue the opportunity to get back on the touchline in Scotland. Hibernian chiefs are planning to speak to Keane's representatives over the next few days as part of the club's lengthy recruitment process to find Maloney's successor, according to The Sun.It is said that Keane would be prepared to walk away from his role as an analyst for Sky Sports in order to take charge of Hibernian, who failed to secure a top-six finish in the Scottish Premiership before Maloney's recent departure. However, a number of other candidates are said to be under consideration in Edinburgh and it remains to be seen whether or not Keane will emerge as the man for the job.Hibernian are said to have already held talks with a handful of managers and will draw up a shortlist of preferred candidates before kicking off the interview process in the not-too-distant future. Keane is currently the favourite for the role ahead of Ross County boss Malky Mackay, while Derek McInnes of Kilmarnock is also believed to be among the options on the table. JUST IN: Man City boss Pep Guardiola congratulates Real Madrid despite defeat Keane made a flying start to his managerial career when he won promotion to the Premier League at the end of his first season in charge of Sunderland back in 2007. He then managed to avoid relegation with the Black Cats before eventually resigning from his post in December 2008.The United legend then joined Ipswich a year later but failed to make any sort of progress in Suffolk despite being given plenty of money to spend in the transfer market. He left the club in 2011 before taking up assistant coaching roles with the Republic of Ireland, Aston Villa and Nottingham Forest. Keane was recently linked with a return to Sunderland following the dismissal of Lee Johnson but was overlooked in favour of Alex Neil at the Stadium of Light. The former admitted earlier this year that he would be open to resuming his managerial career but stressed that he would only be looking to take the right opportunity and not rush into something that may not be a good fit."I’ve made that clear over the last few years [that] I’d like to go back into as a manager," Keane told ITV Sport. "But of course, a club has to want you, you have to want that club and just as important, the contract has got to be right." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here