Joe Biden appears to try to shake hands with thin air in the latest presidential gaffe caught on camera. The gaffe-prone US president finished a speech on the country's supply crisis yesterday. A video, which has been viewed over eight million times, then shows President Biden turning around on stage with no one near him before momentarily miming a handshake with thin air. During the embarrassing moment, the 79-year-old turns to his right and left and appears to mumble something. After a moment, the US President then walks off the platform to music. He had been delivering an address in North Carolina on the nation's ongoing supply chain crisis. The gaffe sparked widespread ridicule online with Texas Senator Ted Cruz retweeting the clip with a caption of a wide-eyed emoji. JUST IN: Air raid sirens and explosions ringing across Ukraine  Harmeet Dhillon, former vice chairwoman of the California Republican Party, said on Twitter: "Where are the White House and Biden family handlers whose job it is to make him look good?" Robby Starbuck, who is running for Congress in Tennessee's upcoming Republican primary, added: "Oh man. The music makes it 10x worse." During the speech, he also made a series of bizarre remarks, including falsely claiming that he served as a “full professor” at the University of Pennsylvania (UPenn) for four years. While President Biden was named Benjamin Franklin Presidential Practice Professor at UPenn in 2017, he did not teach regular classes The US President earned almost a million dollars from the UPenn role. He also claimed that 70 percent of US inflation could be blamed on Russian leader Vladimir Putin but did not explain how that figure was reached. Inflation soared to a 41-year high of 8.5 percent in March, according to the latest figures from the US Labour Department. DON'T MISS: Russian TV declares Ukrainians must be 'erased' in genocidal claim [VIDEO]Biden popularity plummets to lowest point [POLL]Brexit LIVE: 'An outrage' Fury over EU funding betrayal [LIVE BLOG] Earlier this week, President Biden hit a new low in US polling. His approval rating now stands at just 33 percent among American adults, according to a Quinnipiac University poll released Wednesday. Seventy-six percent of Democrats approve of the job he is doing, compared to just three percent of Republicans and 26 percent of independents. Thirty-nine percent of Americans approved of President Biden's handling of the Ukraine war, while 48 percent disapproved. Most Americans - 68 percent - also believe the US should be doing more to stop Russia.