Tyson Fury’s, 33, friend and former professional boxer, Carl Froch, claimed Paris Fury, 32, is pregnant with her seventh child during an appearance on Saturday morning's BBC Breakfast.  When probed by presenters whether Tyson will retire after his fight against Dillian Whyte, Carl replied: “Well, listen, he has got five or six children, I don’t want to get it wrong. “He has got a lot of kids and I think Paris, his wife, is pregnant, so why not sail off into the sunset.” Tyson and Paris already have six children together. Their eldest daughter, Venezuela, was born in 2009 and followed by Prince John James, nine, Prince Tyson II, five, Valencia, four, and Prince Adonis Amaziah, two. READ MORE:Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ The couple’s youngest, Athena, was born last August. Neither Tyson or Paris have commented on the pregnancy claims yet but on Friday the boxer dropped a hint that a new baby was on the horizon. He said: “My wife has been at home waiting for me for ten years, we have six kids and I am going to put another bun in her oven "I am going to be a family man and a big fat pig, fatter than I already am,” he added, as reported by The Sun. Boxing commentator Carl let slip that Paris may be expecting on the day of Tyson’s heavyweight fight against Dillian Whyte. The Gypsy King will battle to defend his title in front of 94,000 fans at Wembley, with Paris expected to be ringside. The pair met when Paris was 15 at a mutual friend’s wedding. They did not begin a romantic relationship until she turned 16 and they got married in 2008. DON'T MISSJohnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip[LATEST]Phillip Schofield and Luke Evans' secret friendship exposed on holiday[INSIGHT]Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit[NEWS] Tyson and Paris gave fans and insight into their busy life in the ITV documentary, Tyson Fury: The Gypsy King. In one episode, Tyson reflected on their relationship and gushed about how much his wife means to him. He said: “We were bestest best friends in the whole wide world and then we ended up marrying each other. “Without Paris and these kids in my life then my life ain’t worth having anyway.” Paris previously revealed that Tyson would like to have as many as 10 children. However, she admitted that she was rethinking the idea following Athena’s traumatic birth. When she was born, little Athena had to spend two weeks in intensive care due to problems with her breathing. Luckily, she recovered, but Paris said she “wouldn’t want to relive” the stressful time again. However, she admitted to Fabulous Magazine that she expected there still “could be more” children on the way.