Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic announced he will depart the club at the end of the season – and the former Chelsea ace will likely not be the last Red to leave Old Trafford. The experienced Serbian midfielder has already made his decision, despite the fact Erik ten Hag is expected to be announced as the club’s next manager. Reports from the Manchester Evening News understand Matic's decision has rocked the club as they were expecting him to remain on the red side of Manchester until 2023. It’s understood he has made his mind up now to prevent a one-year extension in his contract being triggered. He is one of the club’s most experienced professionals and one of the very few defensive midfielders they have within their ranks. However, the 33-year-old will likely not be the last, as a major overhaul is expected at United. United are currently languishing in seventh position, six points away from fourth placed Tottenham Hotspur who are currently occupying the final Champions League place. And with a major overhaul expected at Old Trafford, Daily Express Sport considers eight United players who could follow Matic out of the exit door. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Paul Pogba A season dominated by contract negotiations and statements of unhappiness is expected to culminate with a second free transfer for Pogba. The Frenchman’s future has been uncertain ever since Paris Saint-Germain expressed an interest in him during the last summer transfer window. But with his contract set to expire at the end of the season, Pogba’s time at Old Trafford looks to be as good as sealed. While it is uncertain where the Frenchman will be next season, any chances of a new contract being awarded appear to be very slim. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Jesse Lingard Ralf Rangnick endeavoured to hold onto Jesse Lingard in the January transfer window. The attacking midfielder was subject to huge interest from Newcastle United in January, when the Magpies were looking to flex their new financial muscles. However, he has only started one Premier League match for the Red Devils, ever since the club decided to hold onto him. With his contract also set to expire on the 30th June, it’s very hard to see a route back into the United set-up for the former England international. Antony Martial After falling perilously out of favour under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, the Frenchman was sent on loan to Spanish giants Sevilla for some much needed game-time. While opportunities have been more forthcoming under Julen Lopetegui, the Frenchman has been rather underwhelming for the La Liga giants. He is yet to play a full 90 minutes under the former Spain manager, who has a particular propensity to haul the Frenchman of when he does afford him a starting position. During Sevilla's 0-0 home draw with Real Sociedad in March, Lopetegui mercilessly substituted him after only 59 minutes when sections of the Sevilla crowd began to jeer his performance. While the Reds’ shortage of options could mean he is retained out of necessity, the picture at Old Trafford does appear to be rather bleak. Marcus Rashford Rashford’s difficulties this season has even fuelled rumours that he could depart Manchester United at the end of the campaign. In March, reports from the Guardian claimed the Englishman was ‘giving serious consideration’ to an Old Trafford exit at the end of the campaign. Arsenal were rumoured to be courting the development of the United academy star who has been ever present in the United squad ever since he broke into the first team under Louis van Gaal. United will likely do everything they can to hold onto the England ace, but it may be difficult to completely rule anything out. Dean Henderson This time last year, anybody suggesting Dean Henderson could be anywhere but Manchester United would have likely been laughed at. The former Sheffield United loanee displaced David de Gea and became United’s first choice goalkeeper at the tail end of the 2020-21 campaign. However, the Spaniard’s rejuvenated form as seen Henderson relegated to the role of substitute goalkeeper once more. With a World Cup on the horizon, Henderson may push for an exit to get some much needed first team football and an opportunity to reclaim his place in Gareth Southgate’s England plans. Harry Maguire Very few players have come under fire as much as Manchester United captain Harry Maguire. The world’s most expensive defender has truly endured a season to forget at the heart of the Red Devils’ defence. And matters could get even worse as various reports claim Ten Hag is considering reuniting with Ajax defensive ace Jurrien Timber. If Ten Hag’s transfer wishes are granted, then there may not be much room for Maguire. Cristiano Ronaldo Cristiano Ronaldo's dream return to the club has fallen horribly flat. While his performances have often carried the club this season, the way in which United have had to adapt their game to accomodate him has regularly been attributed as one of many reasons behind their disappointing campaign. And reports from the Daily Mirror understand Ten Hag has given the green light to allow Ronaldo to depart the club at the end of the campaign. The thought of a trophyless campaign being followed with a season outside of the Champions League may be too much to stomach for the former Real Madrid and Juventus hitman. Juan Mata Juan Mata’s fleeting influence at Old Trafford has had to be from within the dressing room. The Spaniard has become a hugely peripheral figure at Old Trafford, having fallen behind the likes of Bruno Fernandes, Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford, and Jesse Lingard in the pecking order. And the MEN’s report from February, claiming United will not trigger his one year contract extension suggests his fleeting influence will not increase upon Ten Hag’s expected arrival. Mata is also one of many players who will likely walk away when their contracts at the end of the current campaign.