Johnny Depp, 58, was photographed in the courtroom yesterday amid his defamation trial against ex-wife Amber Heard, 35. The Pirates Of The Caribbean star reportedly laughed as his childhood friend described Amber’s “great teeth”. Johnny met his artist best friend Isaac Baruch when he was a teenager growing up in Florida. Isaac later left Florida for California, where he worked at the Viper Room club in Los Angeles, which Johnny used to own. On Wednesday, the court heard from Johnny’s longtime friend, who recounted how Johnny let him live rent-free in a penthouse apartment because he “loved his artwork so much,” according to the Daily Mail. He also explained how Johnny had “given him roughly $100,000 over four years to work on his art". Isaac went on to speak out on his relationship with Amber, who he admitted he “fell in love with”. He said: “I fell in love with her just like Johnny did. She's totally respectful, gracious, she's got great teeth.” According to reports, Isaac’s comment about Amber’s teeth prompted those in the courtroom - including Amber - to laugh. Isaac highlighted that Amber was respectful towards him as he revisited one of their encounters in the former couple’s home. “Only one time she didn't offer. She's in the kitchen and she's doing her beautiful facial mask - I said is that something that can help me. “She looked at me and said no. I loved her.” Last year, Johnny was at the centre of scrutiny after he took legal action against a newspaper that branded him a "wife-beater". The actor had sued The Sun after it claimed he assaulted his ex-wife Amber, which the newspaper insisted was accurate. He continued: “She treated me with complete respect. Humour wise total locker room humour, demented humour. “Every time I walked into that place Isaac you want something to eat, you want something to drink “Only one time she didn't offer. She's in the kitchen and she's doing her beautiful facial mask - I said is that something that can help me. “She looked at me and said no. I loved her.” DON'T MISS...Victoria Beckham dressed celeb pals at Brooklyn's wedding [UPDATE]'She's too good for you' Alex Beresford speaks out on engagement news [INSIGHT]Edwina Currie slams Rylan Clark's claim Boris 'broke the law' [LATEST] Last year, Johnny was at the centre of scrutiny after he took legal action against a newspaper that branded him a "wife-beater". The actor had sued The Sun after it claimed he assaulted his ex-wife Amber, which the newspaper insisted was accurate. Judge Mr Justice Nicol ultimately said in November that the publication had proved what was in the article to be "substantially true". He found that 12 of the 14 alleged incidents of domestic violence were proved to the "civil standard" - the balance of probabilities. Domestic abuse charity Refuge spoke out on the case, saying: "This is an important ruling and one which we hope sends a very powerful message: every single survivor of domestic abuse should be listened to and should be heard. “No survivor should ever have her voice silenced."