Derry Girls has been an unexpected hit with Channel 4 viewers since coming out in 2018. So much so, that when it was first broadcast, Derry Girls quickly became the most-watched series in Northern Ireland since modern records began in 2002. Set in the 1990s, the sitcom sees friends Erin Quinn (played by Saoirse-Monica Jackson), Orla McCool (Louisa Harland), Clare Devlin (Nicola Coughlan), Michelle Mallon (Jamie O'Donnell) and her English cousin James Maguire (Dylan Llewellyn) manoeuvre their way through life at a Catholic girl's secondary school. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Derry Girls. Derry Girls rocketed onto the small screen four years ago and was quickly picked up for another the following year. Channel 4 then gave the green light for a third series to be commissioned in 2020 but filming was majorly delayed because of the coronavirus pandemic. Shooting for the series was able to go ahead in 2021 and was wrapped up in late December. But by this point, it had already been discovered this would be the end. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry Channel 4 writer and Derry Girls creator Lisa McGee released a statement on Twitter, revealing season three would be its last. While many fans were shocked at what seemed to be the show's premature exit, McGree explained this wasn't out of the blue. In fact, it had always been the plan to end Derry Girls after just three seasons on Channel 4. She went on to say she would be "forever proud" of this story brought to life. McGee wrote: “It was always the plan to say goodbye after three series. "Derry Girls is a coming of age story; following five ridiculous teenagers as they slowly…very slowly…start to become adults, while around them the place they call home starts to change too and Northern Ireland enters a new, more hopeful phase — which was a small, magical window of time. “Derry Girls is a love letter to the place I come from and the people who shaped me. "It has been an honour to write it and I will be forever proud of everything it’s achieved. "I’d like to thank the people of Derry and Northern Ireland for getting behind us. DON'T MISS...Tipping Point uproar as Ben unveils all-new format change [REACTION]How many episodes are in Derry Girls season 3? [EXPLAINER]Derry Girls season 3 episode 1 cast: Who is joining the final season? [CAST] "Thanks also to the team behind the series, the incredible Hat Trick Productions and a special thanks to Channel 4 — the channel I grew up watching; the channel that made me want to write comedy and the only channel that could have made our show.” While Coughlan will still very much be in Derry Girls' final outing, her role has been scaled back. Thanks to issues with filming and the pandemic, Coughlan couldn't be on the Irish set as often as she was also shooting Netflix's Bridgerton. She told Belfast Live:  "It was devastating to me because I wanted to be in all of this. "But compromises had to be made. And you know, they had to cut down my role somewhat, which was hard. Really, really hard. "But I think, you know, the fans of the show are going to be happy." Derry Girls' season three premiere episode will be entitled The Night Before. The description teases a new arrival who is to blame for some upheaval at Erin's home. It reads: "On the eve of GCSE results day, passions run high but confidence is at rock bottom. "A new member of the Quinn household is causing chaos." Derry Girls season 3 premieres on Tuesday, April 12, at 9.15pm on Channel 4.