Roy Keane was left shocked by Micah Richards' claim that he would take a draw in Manchester City's huge match against Liverpool on Sunday. Former City defender Richards was on punditry duty alongside Keane for the match at the Etihad. The duo have built up a popular on-screen partnership and were teamed up again. City went into the match one point clear of second-placed Liverpool with eight games of the season remaining, looking to win back-to-back titles and a fourth under Pep Guardiola. The match had been billed as a potential title-decider for weeks. Richards, who was part of the City squad who won the 2012 title, admitted a draw would have been a good result for his former side. Sky Sports presenter David Jones asked Richards: "It's getting tense but if I offered you a draw right now, would you take it?" And the former England international was unequivocal in his response. READ MORE: Ronaldo left boy 'bruised' after smashing phone as mum of Everton fan speaks out  Richards said: "I'd sign it and seal it. Huge, huge game, you can just feel the tension building around the stadium. "One point, you're playing at the Etihad, if you ask me, this is perfect. You talk about Liverpool climbing and getting towards Man City, but Man City are still in the driving seat in my opinion." However, it was clear from Keane's facial expression that he did not agree. Jones asked the Irishman: "You can't believe he'd take the draw?" DON'T MISSHow Man Utd missed out on 7 world-class stars including Mane and Robben for £46m [TRANSFERS]American billionaire Ken Griffin makes Chelsea transfer promise if takeover gets go-ahead [QUOTES]Raging Cristiano Ronaldo 'slaps phone out of Everton fan's hand' after Man Utd loss [PICS]  Keane said Richards was not showing the winning mentality that City and Liverpool have adopted in recent years. He replied:: "No, that can't be your mindset. "Sometimes if you're under pressure, you've got a man sent off, there’s five or 10 minutes to go, you're not at it, you're thinking 'we'll settle for a draw'. But you don't get to win trophies like Man City have done, or Liverpool over the last few years, by settling for draws - their mindset has to be: 'let's go and win this game of football'. "With the quality that both teams have, with the players available, starting and off the bench, they’ve had a few days recovery, it’s primed for both teams to really go at it. This idea of settling for a draw – forget about it, you’ve got to go for it."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here