Some houseplants need more care than others, depending on how fast they grow and their watering needs. Experts from Stelrad have researched to find out which houseplants are “virtually impossible” for owners to kill and how to look after them, including the money tree, spider plant and peace lily. They said: “Who says money doesn’t grow on trees? Well not literally with the money tree, but it is believed to bring good luck to whoever owns this plant. “Simply water it weekly and place it in direct or partial sunlight.” The tree also needs plenty of room to grow and if it does need repotting, spring is the best time to do so. The experts also recommended the peace lily for a low maintenance houseplant. READ MORE: Cats: How to deter cats from your garden for ‘free’ Stelrad said: “This is perhaps one of the easiest plants to take care of, it prefers bright, indirect sunlight but can tolerate lower light levels. “It produces an attractive white flower that can last for weeks.” The houseplant will flower in spring as long as a minimum temperature of 15 degrees was maintained throughout the winter months. Peace lilies should also be watered with filtered water as tap contains fluoride, which the houseplant is sensitive to. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of spiders - ‘repels them’ [COMMENT]‘Rule to remember’ when using paint for a ‘smoother’ finish [EXPERT]‘Incredibly exotic’ plants which can survive UK weather - plant now [EXPLAINER] The spider plant is also considered one of the most adaptable houseplants and the easiest to grow. They can tolerate heavy shade, but prefer to grow in light shade. The experts said: “You can basically forget about this plant and it will still thrive in your home. “Does that make it the ideal plant maybe? Just watch out because if you have cats this plant is mildly hallucinogenic and slightly addictive for some cats.” Owners should avoid overwatering this plant, aiming to keep the soil moist but not soggy. The soil should also be allowed to dry out slightly between watering but not completely. They are extremely fast growing, meaning they can be easily propagated. Stelrad also recommended the pothos houseplant, also known as devil’s ivy. They said: “This is a hugely popular plant when it comes to decorating your home and it is one that is also a relatively fast grower. “They’re pretty adaptable too, so will be happy indoors or even in a shady outdoor space. “They will need a little bit of indirect sunlight, and some water when the soil starts to feel dry.” Other unkillable houseplants include aloe vera, corn plant, panda plant and the Chinese evergreen.