Emeli Sandé, 35, was previously married to biologist Adam Gouraguine, but the pair divorced in 2014. The singer has announced in a new interview that she is now in a relationship with a female pianist, whom she "met through music". The Scottish singer met her girlfriend, a pianist whose name has not yet been disclosed, while studying classical music. Speaking in a recent interview, she said: "We met through music. And I definitely feel happier than ever. It feels great. "For me, true love and having love in your life makes everything fit into place. "If you don’t really have someone to share it with or someone supporting you behind the scenes, it’s very difficult. So now I feel very fulfilled. READ MORE: Jada Pinkett Smith filmed ‘laughing’ as Will Smith slapped Chris Rock She continued: "I'll always love music and I love my career but now it just feels that despite what happens, I can just enjoy life and be really happy." The singer's revelation comes after she unveiled the music video for new track There Isn’t Much on YouTube. The music video includes female dancers all drafted in for the video from the LGBTQ community. Speaking in the same interview, Emeli admitted she is uncertain where she fits when putting a label on her sexuality. She told Metro.co.uk: "I'm not sure what I identify as but I guess so. "I just feel like I should fall in love with whoever I fall in love with." Emeli previously admitted she was close to suffering a "breakdown" after splitting from her childhood sweetheart Adam. The pair dated for ten years, and the Read All About It hitmaker admitted it was very hard to come to terms with the loss of her "best friend". DON'T MISS... Gemma Atkinson apologises for her 'radio silence' on Instagram [INSTAGRAM] Demi Moore stuns in 90s pics that inspired Chris Rock's GI Jane jibe [PICTURES] Bruce Willis' snarky 'worst performance' award rescinded by Razzies [INSIGHT] Speaking to The Times in 2014, she said: "Everyone thought I'd gone mad. "What do you mean a divorce? We were all at your wedding a few months ago! "But there was just something inside me that said, 'This isn't life. You're pretending to be someone else'. "I don't want to call it a breakdown, but it felt like that." The pair married in Montenegro in 2012, with Emeli announcing she would legally take his name. However, she would not change her music name, wanting to be known professionally as Emeli Sandé. In November 2014, Emeli revealed that the couple had divorced after only two years of marriage, and a 10 year relationship. Her biggest hits include Heaven, Read All About It and Beneath Your Beautiful.