Cristiano Ronaldo and Georgina Rodriguez tragically lost their twin baby boy during birth earlier this week. Loose Women panellists Nadia, Kaye Adams, Judi Love and Sunetra Sarker discussed the heartbreaking subject with Nadia opening up on her own experience suffering miscarriages. The Loose Women panellist spoke frankly about a particularly upsetting memory she has of suffering from a miscarriage. "The loss was terrible," she confessed. "My last miscarriage before Kiki was very difficult and I had a labour, it's not really a labour but it is, I had a labour at home with Mark. "And there was a foetus. And it was like, 'What do I do with...'" Read more: Charlene White suggests Harry's 'protection' remark aimed at Andrew "Your baby?" Kaye interjected and Nadia continued: "Yes because it was a foetus and you're like, 'Can I say this? Is it a baby? What do other people think?' "I was really lucky because I'd shared with my family [but] I didn't know what to do. "This might be shocking for some people, but I also know a lot of other women have reached out to me in the past and said they've done the same because they didn't know what to do. I put [the foetus] in the freezer. "What am I supposed to do? I’m at home, I can’t put it down the toilet… this is my baby even though it's so tiny." "And we did have a burial for it and we put a tree up and we did all of that and it was really meaningful for me," she remarked. "I’m very lucky. It’s not the same for everybody." The Loose Women panellist advised her co-stars and viewers about what to avoid saying to someone who has suffered a miscarriage. "Nobody should ever say, [that they should] just try again," she said. DON'T MISSQueen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore [INSIGHT]Denise Welch clashes with Nadia Sawalha in fiery Prince Harry row  [VIDEO]ITV's Charlene White slams 'misplaced vitriol' aimed at Prince Harry [INTERVIEW] Nadia explained: "It’s just dismissing the meaning of that pregnancy." She also warned against asking someone how far along their pregnancy was at the time of the miscarriage. "The meaning of joy is there from the start," Nadia noted. After returning home with their baby girl, Cristiano and Georgina posted a photograph of their family. The Manchester United footballer wrote: "Home sweet home. Gio and our baby girl are finally together with us. We want to thank everyone for all the kind words and gestures. "Your support is very important and we all felt the love and respect that you have for our family. "Now it’s time to be grateful for the life that we’ve just welcomed into this world." Loose Women airs on ITV on weekdays at 12.30pm.