Wimbledon has been threatened with court action by the Belarusian Tennis Federation over the “illegal” ban on their players this summer. The All England Club and the LTA have announced all players from Russia and Belarus will not be allowed to play at The Championships following the invasion of Ukraine. The ATP and WTA have branded the decision“discrimination”. Now in an extraordinary counterattack, the BTF have accused Britain of “double standards” following “armed conflicts in Iran, Afghanistan, Syria, Yugoslavia and other countries” - and warned they were seeking to take legal action.  The statement read: “The decision runs counter to the joint statement of the international tennis organisations, which allowed the players of Belarus and Russia to enter individual competitions under a neutral status. "Obviously, the reason for such a tough decision was the direct pressure of the British government, for example, the statements of the Minister of Sports Nigel Huddleston about the need to allow Belarusian and Russian tennis players to participate in the tournament only after signing a special declaration condemning the special operation and providing guarantees that the athletes do not support the current power in their countries and do not receive public funding. Such statements speak of the incompetence and ignorance of the UK officials of the state system of sports support in Belarus and Russia. “The pressure and discrimination based on nationality from the British government, which at the same time speaks of preventing the manifestation of racism, demonstrates the policy of double standards applied by the country's leadership to athletes from Belarus and Russia. JUST IN: Djokovic battles through another scare to reach Serbia Open semi-final   “At the same time, the statement of Ukrainian tennis players, who demand the removal of our players for political reasons, discredits the organisers of the tournament and pushes them to divide the tennis community according to political views, which is categorically unacceptable in tennis and in sports in general. It should be noted that the BTF has repeatedly declared its readiness to provide comprehensive assistance to tennis players from Ukraine, but our proposals remained unheeded. “Illegal decisions of international tennis organizations in relation to our athletes undermine, first of all, the reputation of these organisations, and the inconsistency of statements and actions between them only confirm the incompetence and unilateral decision-making.  “At the moment, consultations of the BTF leadership with international law firms on sports law are ongoing and a strategy is being developed that is aimed at protecting, first of all, Belarusian tennis players around the world, and tennis in the Republic of Belarus as a whole.” DON'T MISSDjokovic told what he needs for French Open after ending losing streakNadal shares new training footage as Spaniard aims for Madrid comebackAlcaraz eclipses Djokovic, Nadal and Federer as stunning stat emerges Players could seek to gain entry to The Championships or for financial compensation. The ATP is considering reducing the ranking points on offer at the grass-court Grand Slam and imposing financial penalties on the LTA. Lawyer Duncan Bagshaw of Howard Kennedy told the BBC: “English law is pretty clear in the Equality Act. Nobody should be discriminated against on the grounds of race, and race includes nationality. On the face of it is discrimination beacuse the action has been taken against all players with Russian or Belrusian nationality. The question would be: ‘Can the All England Club justify the discrimination?’” 