The Who star Roger Daltrey has furiously slammed the European Union for “punishing” the UK for leaving. The musician said he was “very disappointed” with the lack of progress the country has made since Brexit. Roger, 78, was a vocal supporter of Brexit and claimed the EU’s power was “too divorced from everyday people”. “I’m disappointed we haven’t made the most of it – I’m really disappointed that we haven’t burned an awful lot of useless regulation,” he said. “I just put in planning permission for a building on the farm and just to get the planning in it’s cost me something like £40,000. It’s f***ing ridiculous. Who the bloody hell’s got that?” “Would I vote to go back in it? No. Am I sorry we came out of it? No… it’s a cartel, mate, it’s like being governed by FIFA.” Roger added that life is being made “hard” for bands who want to tour around Europe, due to huge lorry queues at Dover. He told The Independent the process used to be “easy” in the 1960s and 1970s, when they were easily able to get visas. Now, said Roger, the EU is refusing to cooperate because they are afraid other countries will always leave if they can see it can be done without too much disturbance. Last year, Roger made headlines when he slammed woke Britain in an interview on GB News with Dan Wootton as he insisted too many people live in "fear" of upsetting others. “Speaking of young people, Roger in a different sense,” Dan began. “You have been a critic of woke culture, as am I. “Interestingly, you think that the younger generations could actually be stifling themselves creatively. “You’ve said it’s terrifying the miserable world they’re going to create for themselves. “Anyone who has lived a life and you see what they’re doing, you know it’s just a route to nowhere." DON'T MISS...Luke Evans in hospital dash days after holiday with Phillip SchofieldDan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exitGardeners' World's Monty Don receives support over post about dog He continued: “Explain a little bit about what you meant by that in terms of work culture today.” “I just feel, where’s [the] humour?” Roger replied. “If you’re going to micro-manage every emotion you ever have, you’re living in fear of upsetting someone or being objectionable. “We all have the right to be objectionable to anyone we meet." “If you’re offended then fine, get over it,” he added. “And move on.” Roger had previously shared a similar sentiment on Zane Lowe’s Apple Music 1 podcast. Speaking alongside his bandmate Peter Townshend, Roger said: “We might get somewhere because it's becoming so absurd now with AI, all the tricks it can do, and the woke generation. “Especially when you've lived through the periods of a life that we've had the privilege to. I mean, we've had the golden era. There's no doubt about that.”