Actress Lily Collins enjoyed a childhood surrounded by celebrities courtesy of her status as the daughter of Genesis star Phil Collins. However, at one Prince's Trust event, she point blank refused to hand over a bouquet of flowers to Princess Diana, despite them being intended as a gift. No doubt Lily was swiftly forgiven, as when the incident happened, she was merely three years old. "Legend has it, I was presenting Princess Diana with a bouquet and when she went to take it, I then tried to pull it back away, as you do, you know," joked Lily. She added: "I guess I just didn’t know protocol.” Photographers captured the iconic imagery of Diana smiling while a wide-eyed Lily, accompanied by both parents, clutched the bouquet. READ NOW: Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress On another occasion of meeting the royals, Lily was even more unruly, apparently hurling a toy telephone right at Prince Charles. Mischievous Lily recalled: "You just don’t do that, but as a kid you’re like, ‘I’m playing with you… I don’t know any better’." In spite of the embarrassing mishaps, Lily is keen to gain her own starring role on The Crown. When she joined the BBC adaptation of Les Miserables back in 2018, she rubbed shoulders with some of the cast of the show. These cast members were Josh O’Connor, who played Charles, Erin Doherty, who portrayed Princess Anne, and Olivia Colman, who starred as the Queen. While she and Lily were filming together, it emerged that Olivia had already been offered the starring role as the Queen - and Lily couldn't resist asking questions about it. "I was a huge fan of The Crown and I was grilling her, asking her questions," an excited Lily recalled, "but she was sworn to utmost secrecy and couldn’t tell me anything. “Josh was auditioning for Prince Charles during the making of our BBC show, and so I was asking him a bunch of questions [too]. DON'T MISS... Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap [DEBATE] Joan Collins has not had surgery as star rejects Jane Seymour's remark [UPDATE] Naga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress [LATEST]  "Oh, and Erin Doherty, who plays Anne, was in our show so it was like everyone from our show went on to do The Crown," she revealed on the Literally! podcast. However, it seemed that Lily, now the star of Netflix's Emily in Paris, was left out of the running. “I was like, ‘Umm, I’m available!’" she joked. However, Lily's Netflix show Emily in Paris turned out to be equally popular with viewers, gluing over 50 million viewers to their screens. Due to her famous father, meeting celebrities was a regular occurrence in Lily's younger life, to the point that she grew up nonplussed by it - even when famous musicians like Sir Elton John would pop round for tea. She told Glamour magazine: "I never saw them as celebrities - just normal people with a lot of talent." Lily is the daughter from Phil's second marriage to Jill Tavelman, which lasted from 1984 to 1996.