Tiger Woods is in store for a sensational return to play at the 2022 Masters, 14 months after an horrific car crash. The five-time champion isn't among the favourites in Augusta, however, as the likes of Rory McIlroy and Jon Rahm boast better odds to land the Green Jacket. Three years on from winning the most recent of his five Masters titles, Woods can be backed as a 40/1 outsider for his first tournament appearance in more than a year. Only Jack Nicklaus (six) has won the Masters more times than Woods, who is hoping to add to his 15 major triumphs in Georgia. The 46-year-old has said in the past that he doesn't like to play unless he feels he has a genuine chance of winning. When asked on Tuesday if he believed victory in the 2022 Masters was possible for him, Woods' response was short and confident: "I do." At the top end of the chart, meanwhile, 2017 PGA champion Justin Thomas and last year's U.S. Open-winner, Jon Rahm, are close to neck-and-neck for favourite status. World No. 2 Rahm continues to float around odds of 11/1, while 'JT' is deemed to have an equal chance. READ MORE Tiger Woods confident he can win Masters after icon confirms he wants to play at Augusta  Only Scottie Scheffler stands ahead of Rahm in the world rankings after ending 2021 in 12th, soaring to the summit after a remarkable run of form. He recently looked back on a "crazy few months" after winning the Phoenix Open, Arnold Palmer Invitational and WGC Match Play Championship in quick succession—but a Masters win would blow all those feats out of the water. Scheffler, 25, was outside golf's top 20 in November last year but is now available at as short as 14/1 to win the Masters, the same price as 2020 Green Jacket-winner Dustin Johnson. Like Scheffler, Australian favourite Cameron Smith is also seeking a maiden major title at odds in the region of 16/1, having finished among the top 10 in three of the past four Masters. DON'T MISS   Rory McIlroy missed the cut in Augusta last year but is hoping this will be the year he finally gets his hands on a Masters crown to complete his Grand Slam set. Now almost eight years removed from his last major title, the Northern Irish star has ebbed out to 20/1, though a lack of recent success in the 'Big Four' isn't likely to prevent a swell of betting interest. Four-time major-winner McIlroy, 32, recently remarked that Woods' return to the Masters this week would be a "wonderful thing" for the game of golf. Betfair: 2022 US Masters winner Jon Rahm, Justin Thomas: 11/1 Cameron Smith, Dustin Johnson, Scottie Scheffler: 14/1 Brooks Koepka, Jordan Spieth, Rory McIlroy, Viktor Hovland: 18/1 Collin Morikawa, Patrick Cantlay. Xander Schauffele: 20/1 Will Zalatoris: 28/1 Sam Burns, Shane Lowry: 33/1 Tiger Woods, Bryson Dechambeau, Corey Conners, Daniel Berger, Hideki Matsuyama, Joaquin Niemann, Louis Oosthuizen, Matthew Fitzpatrick, Paul Casey, Russell Henley, Tony Finau, Tyrrell Hatton: 40/1