The grenade was found in the home of a man who passed away recently, the Manchester Evening News reported. Council services were clearing the house when they found the weapon, hidden inside an ice cream tub, covered with soil, a neighboring resident told the MEN. Police rushed to the scene early on Friday evening and taped off the area. Shortly before 6 pm, the grenade was removed from the property. Residents had gathered around the area to try and find out what has caused the disruption. As the grenade was removed from the property, people cheered and applauded. The Gatesgarth Road reopened at around 6.30pm. When the incident was first reported, the area was taped off by the police. A cordon was placed on Gatesgarth Road, surrounding multiple residential properties. Fire engines also arrived on the scene. A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Fire & Rescue Service said: “At approximately 4pm on Friday, 29th April, one fire engine from Heywood fire station was called to support colleagues from Greater Manchester Police at an incident on Gatesgarth Road, in Middleton. "Firefighters remain at the scene at this time.” After it was removed from the property, the grenade was destroyed in a controlled explosion in a nearby area. A statement from Greater Manchester Police said: "At around 2.45pm on Friday 29 April 2022, we received a report of a grenade at a property on Gatesgarth Road, Middleton. "A cordon was put in place as a precaution. "Specialist officers removed the device before carrying out a controlled explosion at a nearby and safe location."  Earlier, when police arrived and taped off the area, the traffic was disrupted and bus routes were being diverted away from the junction between Windermere Road and Bowness Road. According to the local bus service provider Go North West, bus routes were diverted via Windermere Road and Wood Street due to the incident. Several police officers guarded the area, with a police car parked at each end of the cordon, MEN reported. 