A new report from Garrington, a London and UK property finder company, has revealed the best places to live in the UK in 2022. The property market has continued to boom in 2022, despite the cost of living crisis weighing heavy on Britons' minds. But with many people continuing to work from home, homeowners are now demanding more from their properties, reassessing what it is they need from their future home. With this in mind, there has been a noticeable shift in the top places to live index. This year, Garrington’s best places to live index included a quality-of-life category and sustainability criteria. So where are the best places to live in the UK in 2022? Bath retained its number one position this year after being named Garrington’s “next generation” location of 2021. The city ranked first out of 1,372 UK locations. The city is known for its stunning architecture, rich history, green spaces and beautiful homes. Bath was also named one of the world’s top 100 greatest places to visit in TIME Magazine. The city was one of only two UK locations on the list. Bath was also in the top 10 UK cities by Conde Nast Traveller to visit. The location has seen a massive surge in buyer demand, with a shortage of stock. Properties in Bath had an overall average price of £550,423 over the last year, according to Rightmove. Garrington said the average cost of a family home costs more than £650,000. READ MORE: Mould: Best houseplants to get rid of mould in your bathroom The city ranked first for architectural beauty, 43rd for natural beauty, 596th for quality of life and 58th for its green credentials. Ranking in second place, Lyme Regis has surged in popularity after ranking in 15th place last year. The location ranked highly for natural beauty, architectural beauty and its green credentials. Located in West Dorset, the picturesque town offers buyers the perfect mix of the countryside and the sea. The town has been named the “Pearl of Dorset” and is on the border of Devon. The average family home costs between £350,000 and £650,000. This medieval cathedral city in Wiltshire lies just nine miles south of Stonehenge and is the perfect spot to either live or visit. The city is rich with history and is surrounded by lush greenery. The location has become surprisingly popular after only ranking 129th last year. Salisbury ranks in 18th place for its green credentials and 107th place for architectural beauty. Properties in Salisbury had an overall average price of £320,173 over the last year, according to Rightmove. The civil parish of Caton-with-Littledale is located in Lancashire near the River Lune. Caton ranked in 68th place previously, ranking in 15th place for its natural beauty this year too.  DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of spiders - ‘repels them’ [INSIGHT]Inside Kate Middleton's childhood home that sold for £500,000 in 2011 [UPDATE]Steps to achieve a ‘lush lawn’ by summer - ‘perfect time’ [ANALYSIS]  The average family home costs less than £350,000, making it an ideal spot for first time buyers. Caton is located in the Forest of Bowland, which is an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. Kidwelly in Wales ranked in 171st place last year and has managed to surge into the top 10 in 2022. The location has ranked highly for quality of life, coming in 66th place out of 1,372 locations. The average family home costs less than £350,000. Kidwelly is a town in Carmarthenshire in southwest Wales which is approximately seven miles northwest of Llanelli. Reportedly home to Dawn French and Gordon Ramsay, Fowey in Cornwall is the second best spot for prime purchases. The town ranked in 23rd place last year and has ranked highly for natural beauty and its architectural beauty. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Properties in Fowey had an overall average price of £536,335 over the last year, according to Rightmove. Garrington said the average family home costs more than £650,000. Wilton in Wiltshire ranked in seventh place after coming in ninth place last year. The market town has a rich history that dates back to the Anglo-Saxons. The town is located close to Salisbury and Shaftesbury. The average family home costs between £350,000 and £650,000. After ranking in 41st place last year, Hadleigh in Suffolk is now in eighth place. The location ranked highly for architectural beauty and its green credentials.   The ancient market town is located next to the River Brett, between the larger towns of Sudbury and Ipswich. Located on the Kent coast, Folkestone is an up-and-coming hotspot with great connections to London. The town is located close to Dover, Hawkinge, Deal, and Sandgate, and is just a stone’s throw from France. The town lies on the southern edge of the North Downs at a valley between two cliffs, making it a beautiful, scenic location. Folkestone ranked in 144th place last year and is now in ninth place. Located off the south coast of England, the Newport on the Isle of Wight is a sight to behold. The island is known for its beaches which include the sandy Shanklin Beach, the south-facing Ventnor Beach and the impressive Compton Bay and Yaverland Beach which are home to fossils and dinosaur remains. The Isle of Wight is probably most known for The Needles which are a row of white chalk rocks that rise 30 metres from the sea. The average family home costs less than £350,000. Newport ranked in 17th place last year.