Camilla officially took over the role of Royal Patron replacing the Duchess of Sussex who gave up her royal patronages when she stepped down from her position as a senior royal. The Duchess is expected to meet with staff and members of the National Theatre's community programme. In June 2019, Kensington Palace announced that Meghan would succeed the Queen in the role as patron of the theatre. At the time, Kensington Palace said: "The Duchess is a strong believer in using the arts to bring people from different backgrounds and communities together." READ MORE: Royal biographer erupts at Prince Harry's ‘gross’ interview  Meghan was reportedly extremely involved in the organisation throughout her role, which she held for almost two years. The National Theatre's artistic director Rufus Norris said at the time "she [Meghan] has proven to be a very engaged patron, and we look forward to working with her". However, in February 2021, the Duchess of Sussex was forced to give up the role. At the time, the theatre thanked Meghan for her support, saying: "The Duchess championed our work with communities and young people across the UK and our mission to make theatre accessible to all." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry warned of 'boundaries' in reclaim of royal life [INSIGHT]'Cheeky Harry's clearly missing!’ Prince 'serious’ in new interview [COMMENT]Prince Harry explains to Archie who Princess Diana is 'Photos are up' [ANALYSIS]  Camilla, who is an avid theatre-goer, is now following in Meghan's footsteps. In a press release shared last month, the theatre said: "It is a privilege to welcome the Duchess of Cornwall as the National Theatre’s royal patron. "The Duchess shares our belief that theatre enriches our lives in so many ways and that everyone should have access to the arts and creativity no matter where they are in the world. "The Duchess has shown great support to our industry throughout the pandemic, and I look forward to working with Her Royal Highness for many years to come." Camilla holds a further two theatre patronages for the Theatre Royal Bath and the Unicorn Theatre in London. 