The Duke and Duchess of Sussex did not travel from California to Britain for the event in honour of the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey last week. However, Meghan's father said there was "no excuse" for the couple missing the memorial service. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Markle said: "Attending and giving respect and God's grace to Prince Philip for a lifetime of service was very important to the Queen. "And for them to not show up was a like a slap in the face to the Queen. "It was unforgivable. "The British people won't forgive them for that, and they shouldn't. "I don't know what the reason was, but there's no excuse at all. "It's a slap in the face for the Queen and the British people." The 77-year-old's comments sparked criticism from some Twitter users. READ MORE: Meghan would 'never' get publicity increase without Harry One with the handle @HarryHarryshud wrote: "Thomas Markle now slaughtering his own daughter on his own YouTube channel, wonders why she wants nothing to do with him. "If I did this to my own little girl.. I'd be ashamed of myself. I adore her - why would I ever do that." Another Twitter user, @GayleBlack19, blasted: "What’s unforgivable and a slap In the face is what Thomas Markle is doing when you think at some point as a father he would just shut his mouth." DON'T MISSMeghan 'wrangling' Americans by 'trading off' Duchess title [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan have 'backed themselves into a corner' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle altered eternity ring from Prince Harry [PICTURES] Mr Markle, who lives in Mexico, has been estranged from Meghan since her and Harry's royal wedding in 2018. He has spoken out about his daughter in a series of interviews with the media. His comments come after Harry and Meghan, who are living in Montecito, did not travel to the UK for the memorial service last Monday. The Duke is embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in Britain. Harry says he wants to bring his two children to visit from the US but argues it is too dangerous. The Sussexes lost their taxpayer-funded police protection after quitting royal duties in 2020. The Duke has returned to the UK twice since Megxit for Philip's funeral last April and the unveiling of a Princess Diana statue at Kensington Palace in July 2021.