The cancer can have signs which crop up, and some signal a more advanced stage of the cancer. There are a number of risk factors, such as age, and if you're under 50, your risk of being diagnosed with prostate cancer is very low. Cancer Research says almost everyone will survive their cancer for five years or more after they are diagnosed, if they are in the first stage.  The prostate is a gland, usually the size and shape of a walnut and grows bigger as you get older, according to Prostate Cancer UK. “It sits underneath the bladder and surrounds the urethra, which is the tube that carries urine (wee) out of the body. The prostate's main job is to help make semen – the fluid that carries sperm,” explains the charity. The NHS adds: “Prostate cancer does not usually cause any symptoms until the cancer has grown large enough to put pressure on the tube that carries urine from the bladder out of the penis (urethra).” Indeed, Cancer Research UK says symptoms include passing urine more often during the day or night, difficulty passing urine, urgency to pass urine or blood in your urine or semen. READ MORE: 'Moderate' alcohol intake could cause peripheral neuropathy warns expert - key risks  Cancer Research UK says there is no national screening programme for prostate cancer because we do not have a reliable enough test to use. The charity says you should talk to your GP if you're worried about symptoms or have noticed any unusual or persistent changes. Prostate Cancer UK says: “Pain is a common problem for men with advanced prostate cancer, although some men have no pain at all. “The cancer can cause pain in the areas it has spread to. If you do have pain, it can usually be relieved or reduced, with the right treatment and management.”  It adds: “You might get bowel problems if your prostate cancer has spread to your bowel, although this isn’t very common.” Prostate Cancer UK says most men with early prostate cancer don’t have any signs or symptoms, but there are some things that may mean you're more likely to get prostate cancer. Indeed, the charity says: “You may want to speak to your GP if you're over 50 (or over 45 if you have a family history of prostate cancer or are a black man), even if you don't have any symptoms. These are all things that can increase your risk of prostate cancer.” Prostate cancer is rare in men younger than 40, but the chance of having prostate cancer rises rapidly after age 50.  Prostate Cancer UK says most men with early prostate cancer don’t have any signs or symptoms, but there are some things that may mean you're more likely to get prostate cancer.   Having a father or brother with prostate cancer more than doubles a man’s risk of developing this disease. Prostate Cancer UK says that some prostate cancer grows too slowly to cause any problems or affect how long you live. Because of this, many men with prostate cancer will never need any treatment. Nonetheless, some prostate cancer grows quickly and is more likely to spread. Cancer Research says that if you see your GP they can do some tests to help them decide whether you need a referral to a specialist.  It adds: “Depending on the results of your tests, your GP might refer you to a specialist. You usually see a urologist. “This is a doctor who specialises in treating problems of the urinary tract such as the prostate, bladder and kidneys.” 