A recent study by bed specialist Time4Sleep revealed that 40 percent of Britons are reportedly unaware that they need to clean their mattress regularly. Furthermore, a staggering 22 percent claimed they have never attempted to clean their mattresses. Jonathan Warren, director at bed specialist Time4Sleep has shared his advice on cleaning your mattresses. The mattress expert said homeowners will need “four common household items” to clean their mattresses. He added: “Bicarbonate of soda and mattress cleaning spray won’t stain your mattress and neutralises stubborn odours.” As well as baking soda and mattress cleaning spray, grab a hoover and a damp cloth. Remove dirty bedding and wash it all on a hot cycle in the machine. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share best and worst vacuum cleaners  Bedsheets can be breeding grounds for bacteria so it’s recommended to wash them every week or every other week. A laundry disinfectant or cleanser can be used in the machine to help oust germs. Jonathan added: “Kill any nasty bacteria by washing your bedsheets at a high temperature. “For polyester blends, wash using warm water. DON'T MISSCleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [INSIGHT]Energy bills: How to reduce your laundry costs by £100 a year [UPDATE]Average house price hits record high for third month [ANALYSIS] “Cotton can be washed at much warmer temperatures without damage.” Bicarbonate of soda and cleaning spray should be used to tackle any stains. For those who don’t have a mattress cleaning spray, a carpet cleaning spray can be used instead. Jonathan recommended “lightly spraying” the spray over the stain. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea To ensure the spray doesn’t get any bigger, dab the stain from the outside in. Leave the spray to work before wiping away with a damp cloth. Spread baking soda over the mattress and leave it on there for up to 24 hours. It can be left on for less time if you need to use the mattress more promptly. The mattress expert said “it’s more important than ever” to soak up any moisture and stubborn odours from the mattress as the summer months get closer.  “Using a combination of a cleaning solution and bicarbonate of soda should work very well against a variety of common household stains,” he added. To remove the bicarbonate of soda, dust and dirt, homeowners should use the hoover. Run the hoover along the mattress, to pick up any dust or dirt that is clinging to the fabric fibres. Wash bedding regularly and use a mattress protector to help protect the mattress from dirt. Vacuuming around the bed often will also help deter dirt and dust.