Gardening expert Monty Don has shared three jobs to do in the garden this week. The Gardeners’ World lead host said on the latest episode of the BBC programme that gardeners can deadhead container daffodils, feed container plants and cut back sarracenias. The 66-year-old said it’s a “very good idea” to deadhead daffodils now to help next year’s display. Daffodils often start to bloom in February and can last until May. At around this time of year, daffodil heads can start to look ragged and dead. Monty suggested deadheading any that are in containers. He said: “Daffodils grown in long grass can be left to die back naturally untouched. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove limescale deposits from your taps “But if you're growing them in containers, it's a very good idea to deadhead. “This will mean that all the goodness as the foliage dies back goes into next year's bulb, and therefore next year's display.” Daffodils can be planted from September to November. Container plants are often ignored in the winter months but require some attention now. DON'T MISSGardeners can get rid of pests with cupboard essentials [INSIGHT]Weeding: How to create an ‘affordable’ weed killer in seconds [UPDATE]‘Huge red flag’ that could mean you’re being scammed - ‘avoid’ [ANALYSIS] Monty said now is the time to start regularly feeding them. He explained: “Now that spring growth is really taking hold, it's important to feed plants grown in a container. “General Purpose liquid seaweed or homemade comfrey does the job very well. “It's much better to feed relatively lightly on a regular basis rather than to overload the plant at random." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Sarracenias, also known as trumpet pitchers, are carnivorous plants mainly from North America. The pretty plant has tubular pitchers that have a well of digestive fluid which breaks down prey. Monty said gardeners who have these plants should cut them back now. He explained: “Sarracenia is a wonderful carnivorous plant to grow either indoors or even outside in mild areas.  “But they can look a bit tatty by this time of year. “So you should cut back right at the base any of the leaves that are showing signs of dying back. “This will very quickly be followed by a fresh flush of growth.” Gardeners’ World can be streamed on BBC iPlayer