With the fourth weekend underway at Imola, Lewis Hamilton continues to watch industry newcomers dominate the 2022 season with Max Verstappen taking a dominant pole for Saturday’s sprint race. Hamilton faces watching history repeat itself, as neither Mercedes make it into Q3 for the first time since Michael Schumacher and Nico Rosberg were at the helm in the Japanese Grand Prix taking place in October 2012. But the British racing superstar has arguably achieved more in his career than almost anyone in his industry ever has. The Hertfordshire-born driver holds the records for the most wins, pole positions, and podium finishes in the business. He has won seven joint-record World Drivers' Championship titles – in this, he is tied with racing legacy Schumacher. Schumacher stepped back from F1 in 2012, and was replaced by Hamilton at Mercedes. The following year, in December 2013, Schumacher suffered a tragic skiing injury which has seen him disappear from public life altogether. READ MORE: Toto Wolff warns Hamilton and Russell’s cars could be wrecked  Before this, however, he credited Hamilton with helping him make the difficult decision to retire from the top of his game. Upon being replaced by Hamilton, Schumacher sent a message to the Briton in his exit statement. He said: “I have had three nice years with the team which unfortunately did not go as well as we all would have wanted on the sporting side. “I wish Lewis well and for the team to achieve the success we worked so hard for in the build-up.  “I would like to thank the team for their trust and all the guys for their unconditional commitment. “I will now concentrate on the next races.”  Backing Hamilton to shine, he added: “We all know Lewis is one of the best drivers we have around and I am sure he and the team will have a successful future. “The team had an option in Lewis that helped me decide [to retire].  There is little doubt that these comments would have been monumental for Hamilton, who was 26 at the time – he has often spoken about how he idolised Schumacher growing up. After the 2020 race that saw him equal Schumacher’s 91 wins, Hamilton was presented with one of his idol’s helmets by his son Mick Schumacher, who is also now an F1 driver. Asked what the gesture meant to him, Hamilton gave an emotional response. He said: “I don’t even know what to say.  “You know when you grow up watching someone, you generally idolise them, really just in terms of the quality of the driver they are, but what they are able to continuously do year on year and race on race and week on week with their team. “I remember playing Michael in a game called Grand Prix 2 I think it was. “Just seeing his dominance for so long, I don’t think anyone and especially me didn’t imagine that I’d be anywhere near Michael in terms of records. “So it’s an incredible honour and it’s going to take some time to get used to it. “Honestly as I came into the pit lane that’s only when I realised I had equalled, I hadn’t even computed it once I crossed the line.” 