Erik ten Hag wants to bring "excellent" Ajax duo Jurrien Timber and Antony with him to Old Trafford this summer when he is set to become Manchester United's new manager it has been claimed. The 52-year-old tactical mastermind, who is a disciple of Pep Guardiola's stint with Bayern Munich, could return to his current club in order to bolster his new squad. Reports emerged on Wednesday night revealing that United were pushing ahead with the appointment of the Ajax boss following an impressive interview over two weeks ago. The Red Devils are now drafting up their contract for Ten Hag, who will now seek to finalise his coaching staff for his new venture in the Premier League. According to Dutch football expert Marcel van der Kraan, Ten Hag could launch an immediate assault on Ajax by attempting to prise away two of the club's biggest talents. He told Sky Sports News: "Well I have to go back to those Ajax fans, who would be gutted to see Ten Hag leave. "But they would be even more gutted if he takes two of their best players, one is the defender Jurrien Timber, who has made his debut with the Dutch national team. READ MORE: Thomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea boss "He has been excellent, rapidly developing, quick-thinker, quick on the ball, like very many Ajax players coming from their own academy. "Timber is a massive talent who he would like to take. "The other is an expensive one, Antony the Brazilian forward who is lining up with Neymar with the national team. "He would cost between £70million-£90m but I don't know whether he is the kind of player - under Ten Hag - Manchester United will still go for. READ MORE: PSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twistThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossMan Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool battle past Benfica "They're young players, who he can still forward change." Antony has already strongly been linked with a move to the Premier League and now his dream could become a reality under current manager Ten Hag. The 22-year-old recently outlined his desire to test himself on English shores or La Liga, once his time in Amsterdam has come to an end... "Ajax is the place where I feel happy. But of course, I do think about a move in the future sometimes,” the winger told De Telegraaf. "Premier League and La Liga are the leagues I find beautiful. When the time is right, I hope to play there." Transfermarkt's valuation of both Timber and Antony would suggest United may not have to pay as much as anticipated for the highly-rated duo. Timber is valued at just £27m while Antony is worth around £50m - although it's clear Ajax may not accept that figure should United enter the fray. Ten Hag has already allegedly told United that he wants a say on transfers if he is to land the role from next season.