The Countess of Wessex joined her husband, Prince Edward the Earl of Wessex, and their children, Lady Louise and James Viscount Severn, at the service. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were in attendance too, along with their two children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte. Sophie, 57, looked ravishing in a colourful patterned dress. The dress had long bell-sleeves and a rounded neckline, cinched in at the waist and reaching Sophie’s shins. The colours on the dress were bright and fun – mostly orange and shades of blue. Sophie paired the dress with a pair of nude heels and a unique blue headpiece. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'in and out in 15 minutes' on secret visit to Windsor The headpiece was turquoise, matching the blue on Sophie’s dress. It also featured leaves on its top. Sophie’s dress is the ‘Raquel Bea Peasant Midi Dress’ from Soler London, an independent British fashion brand. It is currently on sale for £765. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry missed out on 'ideal' opportunity with Queen and Lili [COMMENT]Prince Harry once left 'shaking' while delivering 'worst' ever speech [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan hoping 'Charles will be open' to review arrangements [INSIDER] As for her hat, Sophie’s headpiece is by a designer known to be a favourite among the Royal Family – Jayne Taylor. Kate Middleton also wore a headband from the brand today. Sophie finished off her look with a Sophie Habsburg clutch bag, called the ‘Ginny Clutch’, in a teal blue. The Countess’ hair billowed behind her in waves and she wore minimal make-up. She opted for lashings of mascara, a rosy blush, and a light pink lip. Her earrings were tiny pink flowers and she wore a silver chain with a diamond-encrusted pendant in the shape of a cross. The Countess’ daughter, Lady Lousie, coordinated with her mother in florals, but hers were pink. The 18-year-old’s dress was a light maxi number and was cinched in at the waist. She wore a pale pink beret and nude court shoes. Lady Lousie also carried a white clutch bag and her hair was curled. She finished off her look with a gold necklace, gold earrings, and a subtle red lip. Her brother, James, donned a dark grey suit with a dark grey tie covered in tiny Land Rovers.