Steve from Petworth revealed that after a recent trip to Miami Americans are shocked the UK is still criticising Boris Johnson over Partygate. Speaking to LBC, Steve said: "Everyone said how they would have loved to have someone like Boris. Everyone said how lucky we were to have Boris and they couldn't believe we were still going on about Partygate." He added: "Everyone said how they would have loved to have someone like Boris. "He's exactly like Trump but he thinks before he speaks." Boris Johnson has been told to resign by a senior Conservative MP for breaking coronavirus laws after apologising and insisting he did not know he was breaching his own rules. Former chief whip Mark Harper told Mr Johnson he is no longer "worthy" of being Prime Minister during a heated Commons debate on Tuesday, during which he was repeatedly told to quit. READ MORE: Tory MP launches furious tirade at officials BLOCKING progress Mr Johnson insisted he did not intentionally mislead Parliament with his earlier denials of rule-breaking parties, after MPs were granted a vote later this week on his alleged lying. Addressing the House as it returned from its Easter recess, Mr Johnson apologised for the "mistake" that saw him fined by police over the event in No 10 for his birthday in June 2020. "Let me also say, not by way of mitigation or excuse but purely because it explains my previous words in this House, that it did not occur to me then or subsequently that a gathering in the Cabinet Room just before a vital meeting on Covid strategy could amount to a breach of the rules," he said. "I repeat that was my mistake and I apologise for it unreservedly." Facing shouts of "resign", Mr Johnson argued he feels an "even greater sense of obligation" to fulfil his duties as Prime Minister and to respond to the invasion of Ukraine. Mr Harper revealed he had submitted a letter to the 1922 Committee of backbench Conservatives calling for a no confidence vote after branding Mr Johnson's actions "indefensible". The Tory told the Commons: "I strongly support the Government's actions in standing up to Putin's aggression and helping Ukraine defend itself and our values, and it's exactly at times like this that our country needs a Prime Minister who exemplifies those values. "I regret to say that we have a Prime Minister who broke the laws that he told the country they had to follow, hasn't been straightforward about it and is now going to ask the decent men and women on these benches to defend what I think is indefensible. DON'T MISS POLL: The next Prime Minister needs to have clean hands if Boris quits [POLL]Visibly shaken... Boris splutters for words! PM on knife edge [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson 'not out of the woods' as PM could face FIVE more fines [VIDEO] "I'm very sorry to have to say this, but I no longer think he is worthy of the great office that he holds." A no-confidence vote in the Prime Minister is triggered if 1922 chair Sir Graham Brady has 54 letters from Tory MPs. Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle approved an application from Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and opposition MPs to hold a separate vote on Thursday on whether Mr Johnson intentionally misled Parliament. Government sources insisted Mr Johnson's trip to India is "definitely happening" despite it clashing with the vote, with one arguing it is "critical for jobs, trade, investment and diplomacy". Sir Keir accused Mr Johnson of being "dishonest", language he was forced to retract after Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle deemed it unparliamentary language.