Cleaning enthusiasts have taken to social media to share top tips on cleaning washing machine seals. Trapped moisture is the ideal location for mould and bacteria to grow, which often occurs if the machine door isn’t left open once used. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Becca Louise wrote: “Please help! My washing machine has started to get mould around the seal and nothing seems to work. If you have any tips please let me know.” While there are a variety of different ways to help remove washing machine mould, Mrs Hinch fans recommended using white vinegar. Becky Bennett commented: “I put white vinegar on some kitchen roll and lay it over the mould. Leave it overnight and it’ll banish the mould, my holy grail.” Zoe Wilmost said: “Use white vinegar, easy job.” Group member Angie wrote: “I second white vinegar, it’s a miracle cleaner.” READ MORE: Britain struggling to cope with transfer and storage of green energy White vinegar has anti-fungal and antibacterial properties which helps to target mould. Household white vinegar typically contains around five to eight percent acetic acid which helps to remove mould species. It can be purchased in supermarkets for as little as 39p. Jennifer Toft commented: “Stuff it with cotton balls soaked in white vinegar and leave it overnight, it’ll disappear.” DON'T MISS:'Cheap and gentle' laundry substitutes to use when doing laundry [COMMENT]‘Household drinks’ to use when watering the garden [EXPERT]Phil Spencer: ‘Concentrate’ on the ‘bare bones’ when viewing homes [EXPLAINER] Other group members recommended placing the white vinegar into the washing machine drawer. Jackie Marsden said: “White vinegar and bicarbonate of soda, put it on a 90 degree wash.” Laura Crabtree commented: “Bicarbonate of soda in the drum and white vinegar in the detergent drawer, put on a hot wash.” A toothbrush could also be used to loosen the mould particles. Some Mrs Hinch fans suggested using a mould and mildew cleaning product to help tackle the grime. Rachel Gilbert wrote: “A mould cleaner would be good and wipe it after each wash.” Diane Selby said: “Use Astonish Mould and Mildew remover. Give it a good spray and leave it for a while before scrubbing. “You might need to do it again and then put it on a hot wash with a dishwasher tablet in.” Astonish Mould and Mildew Remover blasts away tough stains and effectively removes mould and mildew within minutes. Available for just £1, there is no need to scrub when using the cleaning spray. Shoppers can pick the product up from various retailers including supermarkets. Other comments recommended leaving the washing machine door open once it has been used. This helps the moisture air out without bacteria growing inside the machine. Sammy Smith said: “Make sure you leave the door open after every wash.”