Lewis Hamilton joked that Max Verstappen has a nipple piercing as F1 race director Niels Wittich clamps down on jewellery among drivers. Jewellery has been banned in F1 since 2005 but Wittich highlighted the rule in his weekend notes after several drivers were spotted breaching the guidelines. Hamilton’s love of jewellery is well-known and the seven-time champion is often spotted wearing earrings on the grid. When asked about the bling ban, the Mercedes driver joked: “Well I’ve got certain piercings that I really just can’t take out, that not many people know of… Nah I’m kidding! “It’s been the rule forever, since I’ve been here it’s been the rule, so nothing new. I’m just going to come with more jewellery next week.” Verstappen replied: “I would be too heavy if I wore jewellery, so it’s not possible.” However, Hamilton moved to shift the pressure onto Verstappen moments later, adding: “I know you have a nipple piercing man, come on.” The reigning champion then said: “You want to see it again?" READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton demoralised as Mercedes woes continue at Australian GP In his race notes, Wittich warned: “The wearing of jewellery in the form of body piercing or metal neck chains is prohibited during the competition and may therefore be checked before the start.” Wittich made a similar point ahead of the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix but this is the first time it has been highlighted in the race notes. It means any driver who was found to be in breach of the rules may be sent directly to the stewards. Although offenders are only likely to receive fines if they are caught instead of sporting penalties. It means drivers are unlikely to receive grid penalties if they are caught wearing anything behind the wheel. There are fears jewellery could cause extra injuries in the event of accidents. It is understood bosses are also concerned jewellery could prevent drivers from escaping the car in the event of a crash. DON'T MISSLando Norris pleased by Lewis Hamilton struggle in 2022 [INSIGHT]Lance Stroll frustrated by Lewis Hamilton in Australian GP practice [PICS]Mercedes problems to continue in Australia as Brundle assesses issues [COMMENT] Safety is of paramount concern for the FIA after Romain Grosjean’s horrific crash at the 2020 Bahrain Grand Prix. Formula E drivers Jean-Eric Vergne and Andre Lotterer were penalised for wearing non-compliant underwear in New York back in 2018. The drivers were each fined and given two penalty points. Lucas di Grassi also broke the jewellery rule at the Punta del Este E-Prix in the same season.