Insiders have reportedly warned the Home Secretary that her bid to offshore processing could be hit by protesters targeting companies which take part. They also claimed that Border Force may have to acquire its own plane in the long term. A top Whitehall source told the Sun: "Just like when we try to deport foreign national offenders, we know that some woke commercial airline executives will bend to the social justice warriors on Twitter. "Because of this, we need to look at options of chartering flights." Ipswich MP Tom Hunt, who has hailed the Rwanda policy, said any airline refusing to take part in the scheme should be named and shamed. Ms Patel is already facing High Court challenges over the controversial, £120 million plans to send asylum seekers to Rwanda.  A "world-first" agreement with the east African nation was signed earlier this month. The latest step in the Government's plan to curb Channel crossings and overhaul the asylum system has sparked criticism from across the political spectrum, including from the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby. Charity, Freedom From Torture, has written to the Home Office requesting more details with a view to bringing a High Court claim over the policy. The first step towards another challenge, from charities Detention Action, Care4Calais and the Public and Commercial Services (PCS) union which represents the majority of Border Force staff, was taken on Tuesday when they sent a pre-action letter to the Home Office.   READ MORE ABOUT A GARDEN CENTRE 'SACKED' OVER HER PINK HAIR A letter from Freedom From Torture's legal representatives Leigh Day says that, while a memorandum of understanding between the UK and Rwanda has been published, information about the policy has not been made publicly available. It also says the charity has serious concerns about the policy and in due course plans to bring a judicial review. Freedom From Torture Chief Executive Sonya Sceats said: "This cruel plan is not only deeply immoral and likely unlawful, it would also deny torture survivors and others access to vital trauma services like those provided by Freedom From Torture. "Up and down the country, people are beginning to mobilise against this Government's cynical efforts to stoke fear and xenophobia against refugees.  DON'T MISS: Non-binary garden centre worker 'sacked in row over pink hair' [REPORT] US Air Force Osprey spotted flying over England [REVEALED]Prince Harry 'refuses to bend' on Camilla title [LATEST] "This action is one part of a wider fight by the caring public to tell the Government that this is not in our name." In a speech announcing the scheme, Ms Patel said: "The British people are fair and generous when it comes to helping those in need, but the persistent circumventing of our laws and immigration rules and the reality of a system that is open to gaming and criminal exploitation has eroded public support for Britain's asylum system and those that genuinely need access to it. "Putting evil people smugglers out of business is a moral imperative. It requires us to use every tool at our disposal - and also to find new solutions. "That is why today's migration and economic development partnership with Rwanda is such a major milestone.  "This agreement fully complies with all international and national law, and as part of this ground-breaking agreement, the UK is making a substantial investment in the economic development of Rwanda." But critics continue to attack the plan over its costs and Rwanda's human rights record. It is estimated it could cost up to £30,000 per person with charter flights adding to the price tag. On Monday, the Government faced claims it had U-turned on its migrant pushback policy just over a week before it was due to be challenged in the High Court.  The policy would have allowed Border Force patrols to intercept migrant vessels in the Channel and take them back to France. Care4Calais, Channel Rescue, Freedom from Torture and the PCS were due to argue Border Force did not have the legal authority to push vessels back and doing so would infringe on migrants' human rights. PCS General Secretary, Mark Serwotka, said: "PCS is proud to have brought this legal action alongside refugee groups in order to prevent this morally reprehensible and utterly inhumane proposal from ever seeing the light of day. There is little doubt that lives have been saved. "The pushbacks manoeuvre is extremely dangerous and represents a clear risk to life and limb.   "We were simply not prepared to allow our members to be placed in this horrendous position." The Home Office has been approached for comment. 