Never mind the execution of innocent civilians. Never mind the bombing of maternity hospitals, and the systematic killing of those who get in their way. Never mind the rape, torture, looting and destruction carried out by ordinary Russian citizens – fathers, sons and brothers. The people of Russia are four-square behind their man. And it’s time we pointed a finger of blame at them, not just the evil thug at the top. Ahh, you might say, but aren’t these Russians being fed disinformation by the state media? Aren’t they being lied to and manipulated by their politicians? It’s surely not their fault if they just believe what they’re being told. Garbage. Around 85 percent of Russians have access to the Internet, and are able to seek the truth at the touch of a button. A few of them do so, and are appalled by what they find. Good on them. But the overwhelming majority choose to ignore that truth, and applaud the lies and slaughter instead. Horrifyingly, 83 percent of people in Russia, according to surveys, back Putin – up massively from 69 percent since his invasion of Ukraine. That’s right: Putin’s war crimes are supported and applauded in his own country. Yet many in the West, particularly in the EU, are happy to forgive all this Russian cheerleading, even as more Ukrainian blood is spilled day after day, week after week. Perhaps it suits the EU’s political agenda, which has been inexcusably warped from the start. A Facebook post by the European Commission claims that “many Russians were filled with compassion and remorse for Ukraine”. Many? It may be true of a tiny minority, but most Russians – the “many” – are culpable. Meanwhile European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen has said that “more and more Russians … are marching for peace and freedom,” and that “we extend our hand of friendship to this other Russia”. I hate to break it to her, but this “other Russia” barely exists, smothered as it is by overwhelming support for Putin’s genocide. By offering friendship, the EU is simply abetting the Kremlin’s war machine. Let’s put this in some historical context. Can you imagine Britain offering Germany a hand of friendship in 1940 during the blitz? It would have been unthinkable. Sickening and criminal. So there must be no hand of friendship to Russia until Ukraine emerges victorious and Putin is defeated, driven out of the Donbas and overthrown by his own people.  Just as ordinary Germans eventually took their share of the blame for Hitler’s atrocities, so Russians must do the same for their country’s actions in Ukraine. They must take the blame not just for the killings of thousands of Ukrainians, but for Russia’s lying on an industrial scale in its hybrid war against the West. Oh boy, the lies. A day before it invaded Ukraine, Russia still denied it would do so. It has repeatedly excused its violence by the crazed contention that Ukraine must be ‘de-nazified’. Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told a press conference that Russia had not actually invaded at all. In the face of overwhelming evidence in Bucha and Irpin, Russia claims its atrocities were faked. Mariupol has all but been wiped off the face of the earth, including its maternity hospital, yet Russia claims there were no women or babies present. It's disgusting and deceitful, all supported by millions of ordinary Russians. Will they one day repent? It’s possible. Just as the people of Germany came to regret their country’s actions during World War II, so the people of Russia, we must trust, will one day denounce the slaughter going on right now in Ukraine. They may seek forgiveness. Yes, they may even repent. But until that happens, let’s hear no more talk about the “other Russia.” Because, quite simply, it doesn’t exist. 