Wrexham's latest last-gasp winner has left club co-chairman Ryan Reynolds "not okay" after yet another dramatic clincher in the National League. The Dragons have shot up to second in the table chasing a potential promotion to League Two. Ryan Reynolds is "not okay" after Wrexham's 98th-minute winner against Eastleigh in another incredible result for the club. It follows their incredible 6-5 win over Dover Athletic last month. The Wrexham co-chairman was stunned by his club after their 3-2 victory that has seen them go second in the National League. Promotion is now a very real possibility after a series of brilliant wins. And Saturday afternoon could have come straight out of a Hollywood script following yet another dramatic finale that ended in all three points heading to the Racecourse Ground. With 10 matches left in the season, Wrexham look on course to return to the Football League. The Dragons went behind twice against Eastleigh after Aaron Hayden's first-half equaliser and Paul Mullins striking in the 78th minute. But with seconds left on the clock, a penalty was awarded to Wrexham. Up stepped Mullins, who hammered the ball into the roof of the net to send the home crowd into the raptures. It was just another fairytale finish to the weekend which proved too much for owner Ryan Reynolds. A Wrexham fan got in touch on Twitter to ask how he was after the nail-biting end and Reynolds could only simply reply: “I am not okay.” The victory makes the Dragons firm favourites to go up to League Two this season with 10 matches left in the season. Their takeover in February 2021, which also includes It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia actor Rob McElhenney, has galvanised the club. Wrexham have been in flying form recently and have lost just once since January 3 - which includes an incredible 6-5 win over Dover Athletic. The Whites, who are now relegated from the National League, were 5-2 up before the Dragons scored two extra-time goals to clinch victory in the most astonishing circumstances. Manager Phil Parkinson said: "The fundamentals of defending, doing the right things in all areas of the pitch weren't in place and hence we conceded some poor goals. But in terms of the character, to come back, and it doesn't matter who it's against, that's not easy so you've got to give the lads enormous credit."