Easter Sunday is happening on April 17, 2022, but there’s still plenty of time to treat yourself or a loved one to a delicious Easter egg. Whether you’re after popular picks like Cadbury Creme Egg or a showstopper, there are plenty of deals available from Amazon and more with savings of up to 40 percent off. READ MORE: Marks and Spencer shoppers love ‘cute’ Easter Percy Pig mini toy and its less than £10 The 14 new Cadbury Easter eggs released this year and where you can buy them Marks & Spencer is selling a Percy Pig easter egg gift bag and bunny decoration According to research from Eden’s Gate, Cadbury Creme eggs are the most purchased Easter egg in the UK and with a sweet filling and smooth chocolate shell, it’s perfect to share with family or friends over Easter time. Great for parties and big gatherings, Amazon shoppers can save big on a box of 48 creme eggs and spend only 35p per egg, which is 65p less than some supermarket prices. Buy on Amazon (£16.80) Luxury chocolate brand Godiva is known for its tasty flavours and now Amazon shoppers can save £3.30 off its Milk Easter Egg. It’s got a giant milk chocolate egg and comes with six signature milk chocolates in a beautiful box that is perfect for the springtime. Buy on Amazon (£18.70 on offer) Ocado shoppers can now get a great bargain on Easter chocolates from Marks & Spencer and save 20 percent off when they get two chocolates for an easter egg hunt. Available until April 19, 2022, highlights from the offer include the M&S Colin the Caterpillar Egg Hunt Basket, Lindt Mini Gold Bunny bag and more. Buy on Ocado (£1.50 up) Make this year’s Easter egg hunt extra exciting by adding in these chocolate treats from Maltesers. A perfect set for kids, this mix includes a variety of egg and bunny-shaped chocolates that are fitting for the occasion. Buy on Amazon (£5) Tony’s Chocolonely has quickly become one of the UK’s most popular chocolate brands and this fun assortment includes seven delicious flavours like dark chocolate, caramel sea salt and more. Fair trade and in a cute carton design, it makes a great gift and is now on offer. Buy on Amazon (£3 on sale) The ultimate treat for chocolate and peanut butter lovers, the Reese’s Pieces Egg has a hollow milk chocolate shell and comes with three chocolate bars. Perfect for gifting, it’s now discounted to less than £10. Buy on Amazon (£9.99) Another popular Easter favourite is the Cadbury Mini Eggs and this special treat combines a delicious hollow chocolate egg with a crunchy shell. This 24 pack is perfect for gifting and big gatherings and with this discount, shoppers can spend as little as £1 per box. Buy on Amazon (£24.99) On Monday April 11, 2022, Moonpig customers can get one free card with every gift or flower order with the code HAPPYEASTER. If you’re planning on gifting a loved one with a chocolate egg, this is the perfect offer and there are plenty of chocolates to choose from. Highlights in the offer include the Lindt Lindor Milk Chocolate Truffles Maxi Ball which is available for £16. Shop Moonpig Easter gifts here.