The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe is making its ITV debut on April 17. The TV drama is based on real events involving husband and wife John and Anne, who were thrown into the spotlight after John faked his own death to claim life insurance money. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is starring in the short series. John Darwin was at the centre of a disappearance case that involved him faking his own death. He was located five years after he was presumed dead following a canoeing accident out at sea. John is played by Eddie Marsan, a 53-year-old actor and father-of-four. He is known for his roles in the film Happy-Go-Lucky and Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell. On whether he related to the real John Darwin, he said: "Yes. I can see myself in him. "A great playwright once said, 'nothing human is alien to me.' "When you approach a character, you always think, 'what is he doing and can I see myself in that?' "I always can. I can identify with John’s hubris. As an actor, I go from thinking I’m going to win an Oscar one week to thinking I’m going to be driving a cab the next. "My self-esteem goes up and down all the time. So I can completely understand that in John. "He refuses to face reality and thinks he’s going to win. We all do that, especially when it comes to money." READ MORE: The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe release date, cast, trailer, plot Anne is John's wife in the series and she has always been sceptical of his plan. When he suggested faking his own death in order for her to claim his life insurance money, she was strongly against the idea. However, she was won over by her husband and followed his instructions. Anne is played by Monica Dolan, a 53-year-old actress known for playing Rosemary West in Appropriate Adult. Sharing her thoughts on the series, she said: "It’s an astonishingly interesting relationship between John and Anne. "It’s also a series of events that is incredibly bizarre, and yet if you follow what they were trying to do, every individual event makes sense." Mark is one of John and Anne's sons who is none the wiser about his parents' elaborate scheme. He truly believed his father had died out at sea and his mother was alone. Mark is played by Mark Stanley, a 33-year-old actor known for his roles in Game of Thrones and The Bay. He most recently played DI Thom Youngblood, alongside Vicky McClure in Trigger Point. DON'T MISS... Simon Cowell labels fellow Britain's Got Talent judge 'desperate'Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass forced to turn killer again Big Brother 'set to return' with new home at ITV Anthony is the second Darwin sibling and, like his brother, he had no idea what his parents had gotten themselves into. He is played by Dominic Applewhite, an actor and director known for Sex Education and The Inbetweeners. His other notable credits include The Crown, Watson and Oliver and Postcode. His film credits include The King's Speech and Les Miserables. June Ayoade is the family liaison officer taking care of Anne Darwin and her sons after John's disappearance. She tries to comfort Anne as she shares the tragic update that her husband is presumed dead. However, she had no idea Anne knew of her husband's whereabouts the whole time. June is played by Lois Chimimba, a 30-year-old Scottish actress known for her roles in The One, Vigil and Trust Me. Other characters include Dave Leigh (David Fynn), Louise (Alice Arding) and Flick (Francesca Knight). Michael is played by Colin R Campbell, alongside Nicola Finnerty (Karina Fernandez), DC Phil Bayley (Karl Pilkington) and DS Paul Sapson (Andrew Lancel).  The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe airs on ITV on Sunday, April 17 at 9pm.