Kate Middleton is known for being the best dressed royal in the world. A true Duchess of style, she is impeccably turned out, whether for a meet and greet with local British charities or wearing a tiara borrowed from Her Majesty for a state dinner. What is her secret? A celebrity stylist and TV host discussed Kate's eternal style with Express.co.uk. British stylist Karen Williams is recognisable thanks to her This Morning appearances, and her hosting on Netflix and Channel 5 make-under shows 100% Hotter and Celebrity 100% Hotter. She has turned her hand to dressing major stars, including Beyonce. Karen said: "Because Kate always stays within the classic modern realms she never looks dated or too fashion-forward - this look is really sustainable whatever your age." The stylist went on: "Kate applies some similar style tricks as me. She just keeps it simple and doesn’t overcomplicate it. Less is more for Kate." READ MORE: Kate Middleton in £75k of 'beautiful' and rarely-seen jewellery linked to Diana What clothing items bolster a wardrobe as chic as Kate's, according to the stylist? Karen said: "Kate is a classic dresser. She will always have some chic shirts and jeans, rollnecks and stylish coats on hand. "Kate doesn’t just go for high-end designers. "You can often find her exact dresses on the higher end of the high street. Keep an eye out for the sales." DON'T MISS'So timeless': Kate Middleton's 'rosy' makeup in Belize [BEAUTY] Kate Middleton's 300k ring vs Crown Princess Mary's vibrant ruby [JEWELLERY] Meghan's 'smokey eye' compared to Kate's 'natural' look [MAKE UP] Which, according to the stylist, are some of the brands Kate loves most? "Needle and Thread, The Vampire's Wife and Self Portrait are all some of Kate's Favourite designers," Karen said. "All of them share the same elegant, feminine, and modern feel that work for her body type." All three of these brands are British and were founded in the UK. The Vampire's Wife was founded by the wife of singer Nick Cave. Self-portrait by Central Saint Martins graduate Han Chong and Needle and Thread by Hannah Coffin. All have become red carpet staples, and all have been worn by multiple British royals, including the likes of Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice. Kate, who briefly worked in fashion buying after graduating from university, was described by Karen as "a natural fashionista". Karen said: "Kate's style has always been quite consistent over the years. She knows what she likes and what suits her and always strikes a brilliant balance of classic, modern and on trend looks - I don’t think this will change." A roll neck jumper Kate has roll neck numbers from a number of brands in various hues. She owns the Hobbs Lara Merina wool neck jumper in navy and in "Granita Pink" for a splash of colour. A love of the high street, Kate also wore a pure cashmere John Lewis roll neck in a light blue. A coatdress The coatdress is a clean favourite for Kate for a formal occasion such as Trooping the Colour. Her favourites seem to come from British brands Alexander McQueen and Catherine Walker. A wrap dress A wrap dress is the epitome of elegant, feminine style. Kate has worn this style of dress ever since she wore her iconic blue engagement dress from Issa London. Wedges Kate's go-to summer shoe is a chic espadrille wedge. Her favourite brand is Casteñer. A Barbour jacket Name a British aristo without at least one Barbour jacket in their wardrobe. Whether accompanying William on a shoot or tending to community gardens with local children, this jacket is a versatile and practical wardrobe must-have.