Leyla (played by Roxy Shahidi) has been at the centre of a lot of drama on Emmerdale in recent months, having been shot by villain Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) and supporting her husband Liam Cavanagh (Johnny McPherson) during the murder trial. Earlier this year, it was teased by producers the beloved villager was going to feature in a brand-new storyline which would explore a secret going on behind the scenes from her life in the village. New spoilers for the ITV soap have revealed she does have a link to Vanessa Woodfield's (Michelle Hardwick) new love interest Suzy (Martelle Edinborough) and it could be a deeper connection than viewers might think. The drama continues from a couple of weeks ago when Vanessa first bumped into Suzy, with the pair getting off to a frosty start. When they saw each other in the Woolpack a few days after the vet reversed her car and made the newcomer drop a cake she was taking to an event, they discovered there was a spark between them. Suzy explained she was going away for a few weeks but she returns in upcoming scenes and asks Vanessa out to dinner for their first, proper date. Everything seems to be running smoothly until the mother of one ends up spilling wine all on her phone, meaning she can't tell Suzy she is going to be running late due to her son Johnny Woodfield (Jack Jennings). In the end, it looks like she is going to have to cancel but as she cannot tell the newcomer, she is unfortunately forced to stand her up. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Maya Stepney returns to take down Meena Jutla When the next day arrives, Vanessa is desperate to make it up to her new love interest and wonders what she can do to make amends. Knowing there is a wine tasting going on at the village shop, Vanessa invites the newcomer along and she hopes this will put them back on track. With the date going a lot better, they decide to move on to the Woolpack and this is where they bump into Leyla for the first time. It will be clear to viewers and Vanessa the pair know each other and it doesn't seem to be the happiest of reunions. The vet demands to know how the two characters are linked and Suzy explains it is through work as she sometimes works with Take A Vow to make wedding cakes. This isn't the whole truth, however, as Leyla is still shaken to have had an encounter with the mysterious newcomer. It seems Leyla shouldn't worry too much about her secret being exposed as Suzy promises she won't tell Vanessa the real reason she is in the village. There are a whole manner of connections the two characters could have but one of them could be they are actually sisters. Viewers know Leyla already has one sister, Alicia Gallagher (Natalie Anderson), who appeared on the show from 2010 to 2015. However, Suzy could be a half-sister who Leyla cut contact with years ago because of something which happened in their past. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Paige Sandhu teases Meena’s trial fate in tense scenes [COMMENT]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] Seeing her sister again could spook Leyla because she knows it will only be a matter of time before her secrets come to light. It could be years before she arrived in the village she committed a crime and because she was pregnant with Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant), she couldn't risk going to prison. This is when she could have pleaded with Suzy to take the wrap for her, meaning the newcomer would have faced all the charges and have been sent to prison. Having been sentenced to a fair few years behind bars, the newcomer would have lost out on a good portion of her life. Could it be Suzy has come to the village to make sure her sister is on the straight and narrow and not causing any more trouble? Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the actress who plays Suzy, Martelle, explained there was going to be a storyline for her character and Leyla. The actress said: "[Viewers] will be very shocked, it's going to be very good and that's all I am going to say. "There is more than them being work colleagues and I think that's what is going to shock viewers the most. It's very exciting stuff and I'm looking forward to playing out the scenes." On whether this could destroy the spark between her character and Vanesa, the soap star added: "It could have the potential to ruin things from a place of honesty. But time will tell and we will see." Further adding to this, the actress who plays Vanessa, Michelle, said her character will be curious to uncover the truth. The soap star commented: "Leyla works in Take A Vow doing wedding planning and Suzy is involved in wedding planning too. "So when they first say they know each other she's like, 'Goodness, that's a small world' but then, of course, their worlds collide because of their jobs so it's not as extreme as you'd think it could be. "Vanessa is like, 'Oh great, we can all go out for drinks then if you know each other' because Vanessa and Leyla are friends and then you've got Priya [Sharma] in the mix as well, which is gorgeous." Will love triumph or will Suzy harbouring Leyla's secret past jeopardise yet another relationship for unlucky in love Vanessa? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.