This June, the Elvis Presley biopic will finally hit cinemas as the first big-screen adaptation of the life and career of the King of Rock and Roll. The Elvis movie’s first trailer came out in February, showing off director Baz Luhrmann’s loud and stylistic visuals. And now Priscilla Presley has said she’ll be given a private screening of the film she’s very nervous about with the director himself. This June, the Elvis Presley biopic will finally hit cinemas as the first big-screen adaptation of the life and career of the King of Rock and Roll. The Elvis movie’s first trailer came out in February, showing off director Baz Luhrmann’s loud and stylistic visuals. And now Priscilla Presley has said she’ll be given a private screening of the film she’s very nervous about with the director himself.  Speaking with The Project, while promoting the Elvis Presley: Direct from Graceland exhibition in Australia, Priscilla said how she and Baz had had private conversations at her home on three occasions in the run-up to the film’s production. The 76-year-old said: “I promised Baz I wouldn’t see it unless he was there because he asked me. He said, ‘Please don’t see it. I want you to see it with me.’ He’s very nervous. He has emailed me. In fact, he knows I’m here [in Australia where the movie was made], so he wants to know if there’s any opportunity to go back to Sydney so he can arrange our sitting.” Priscilla was also asked about Austin Butler’s portrayal of Elvis and if the star will get close to the man she knew and loved. The King’s ex-wife replied: “I don’t mean this to be an insult, but I don’t know anyone who could really fit in his shoes. I haven’t seen anyone at all who can portray Elvis. But I heard he did a great job.” Speaking at Elvis Week at Graceland last year, Priscilla said candidly: “To be honest with you… I don’t know anything about what’s going on with that movie. Baz came to my home a couple of times. He said he’d send me the script once he was back in Australia, still working on it. I have not received it, which makes me a little nervous. Actually a lot nervous because Baz can be…y’know he kind of goes off-beat a bit. So I don’t know what he’s planning on doing. I just don’t know what direction he’s going to take it in. Y’know he has his own ideas. He has talked to people. So it all depends on who he’s talked to really.” She’s not the only one who’s nervous about how the Elvis movie will turn out, with former Memphis Mafia family members speaking out recently too. Elvis’ cousin Billy Smith, said on his YouTube channel Elvis Fans Matter: “I just won’t go to the movies to see something like that now. When it comes on TV, I’ll probably wind up watching it sooner or later. It’ll be interesting to me to see how Tom Hanks plays The Colonel. Outside of that, I don’t know. I’ll probably get around to watching it, but I don’t know when or where or if I’m going to be here to watch it, but we’ll see. And with that, I don’t care nothing else about this subject.” DON'T MISSElvis' family on private life including The Flintstones pizza incident [ELVIS PRIVATE LIFE]Elvis movie historical accuracy: ‘Purists are going to be mad’ WATCH [ELVIS MOVIE]Elvis movie: Baz Luhrmann shares secret behind-the-scenes look WATCH [BAZ] Billy’s wife Jo, who knew The King personally too, said they weren’t consulted on the movie at all. She added: “It’s from another point of view. A lot of the people that are asked have already told so much stuff that it has to fit in with what they’ve already told or the real stuff they really don’t want to know. That’s what I feel.” Elvis hits cinemas on June 24, 2022.