When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked earlier this season, many expected Mauricio Pochettino to become Manchester United manager – even after Ralf Rangnick was chosen to keep the seat warm in the dugot at Old Trafford. However, despite admiring Pochettino’s managerial attributes qualities, the club are poised to appoint Erik ten Hag. Pochettino was certainly a worthy candidate for the job, and according to The Athletic, there were four key reasons why the club were interested in the former Tottenham boss: his coaching pedigree, commitment to improving players, ability to inspire loyalty and desire to play younger prospects. But somewhere along the line, Ten Hag’s qualities appear to have outshone those of the Paris Saint-Germain manager and they have changed their mind on the identity of their new coach. The club enjoyed the fact that Pochettino was a long-term, stable option – especially compared to Antonio Conte, who was available at the start of the season having left Inter Milan. However, it appeared that wasn’t enough for the club to press on with their pursuit of the Argentine. Ajax boss Ten Hag is edging closer to taking the permanent job from next season after reportedly verbally agreeing to become Red Devils boss. The soon-to-be United boss is expected to sign a four-year deal, which will certainly give the 52-year-old to make some drastic changes to the Old Trafford outfit. READ MORE: Man Utd target Milinkovic-Savic 'destined to leave' Lazio this summer It has been well-documented how involved Ten Hag wants to be heavily involved in transfers, having produced a list of transfer targets in one of his interviews. The Dutchman has gained a reputation for being able to rebuild teams, which is desperately needed at United after going five seasons without winning a trophy. Rangnick’s side are currently sitting in seventh place in the Premier League and their chances of securing Champions League football are diminishing by the week. Their recent 1-0 loss to relegation-battling Everton only highlighted the work that needed to be done at the Theatre of Dreams and the size of the task.  United did not spend a penny in the January transfer window – and arguably are now paying the price for that – which puts them in a good position to offer their new manager a significant budget to work with. A striker is thought to be at the top of their shopping list this summer, with a central midfielder also targeted. With Edinson Cavani out of contract at the end of the campaign, Marcus Rashford weighing up his future and Mason Greenwood currently unavailable, Cristiano Ronaldo may be United’s only striker option left. Tottenham’s Harry Kane has already been cited as a target, as well as Benfica’s in-form prospect Darwin Nunez.