NBC’s long-running franchise Law and Order, riled up its fans after they discovered there would be no new episodes of the procedural drama until next week. As a result, viewers took to Twitter to share their annoyance, while the network aired reruns.  Law and Order first landed on screens in 1990 and has since been entertaining viewers with tense episodes of police and courtroom drama. Even after the series went on a hiatus in 2010, its spin-off Law and Order SVU took the reins and continued with Mariska Hargitay in the driving seat as Captain Olivia Benson. The franchise then expanded in 2021 when Elliot Stabler (played by Christopher Meloni) returned with his own spin-off, Law and Order OC. As the shows take over the network on a Thursday with their latest episodes back to back, viewers were dissatisfied to see reruns being shown instead. READ MORE: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview This sparked backlash with many fans who took to Twitter to share their annoyance. @ACinPhilly wrote: “Another week of reruns!? You are killing me NBC - Law & Order!” A disgruntled @bgsu98 tweeted: “Why is [Law and Order] airing another f*g rerun again? They aired this episode a month ago.” @Catalinaperiod added: “The [Law and Order] shows have the most inconsistent schedule. It’s a little annoying.”  A confused @RoeaschAj shared: “[Law and Order] Isn’t this the first episode of the season from February?” Another fan, @blessedwithsvu disclosed: “I also think what is killing us… are these multiple breaks!” @Nolarebel504 remarked: “No new [Law and Order], [Law and Order SVU], [Law and Order OC]” alongside a number of sad face emojis. This was a huge blow for fans who were excited to see their favourite characters investigate and solve a tense crime.  DON'T MISS...Charlene White suggests Harry's 'protection' remark aimed at Andrew [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU season 23 return confirmed with Garland's comeback [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU: Viewers in a frenzy after Benson goes undercover [REACTION] While Law and Order Thursday's new episodes are currently on hiatus, thankfully for fans, it is a temporary one. Although a reason for the hiatus has yet to be revealed, the highly anticipated new episodes will return to screens next week. After Law and Order’s official finale in 2010, the series made a huge comeback to NBC in February with its 21st season. A majority of the original stars also revived their characters to step back into the Law enforcement characters.  Thankfully for fans, NBC released a detailed synopsis of the episode, which ensured fans had an idea of what the episode was about. Law and Order’s episode titled ’Legacy’ reads: “Bernard and Cosgrove are confronted with a plethora of suspects in the shooting of a headmaster at an elite private school. “A teenager’s life hangs in the balance as Price and Maroun debate who’s more culpable – the shooter or the enabler.” While Law and Order SVU fans will also be in for a thrilling episode as the synopsis stated: “Garland asks Benson to reopen a missing persons case he worked as a rookie officer; a victim in one of Carisi's recent cases is arrested.” Law and Order is available on NBC in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 