Mr Sefton came across an advert on Facebook for a company called YouSpotProperty.com which he first thought was too good to be true. Now, the Lumbridge resident has made almost £2,000 which he has used to give his house a face lift.   The company says it pays members of the public in Amazon vouchers and cash for reporting derelict houses. Mr Sefton shared: “I saw pictures of people standing outside derelict houses receiving large cheques for reporting them." After some investigation, he decided "it couldn't hurt to give a go". He added: "After all, it’s cost me nothing to take a picture of what looks like an empty and derelict house and upload it to their site.” Mr Sefton, from Lumbridge, is a service engineer for a security company, giving him a lot of time on the road in different areas. READ MORE: Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month – 'anyone can do it’     He may be ideally suited for this side hustle, but Mr Sefton believed it was too good to be true, and was very sceptical indeed. While going about his daily job duties, Mr Sefton reported five properties in his first month, whole-heartedly believing “they don’t pay”, but trying it out regardless. To his surprise, the company did pay: “By surprise I received a £20 Amazon voucher for what was little or no trouble. “Properties reported need to meet the company’s basic criteria listed on their site.  Over the course of a number of months, I reported houses I thought were eligible and I received hundreds of pounds worth of vouchers.” While it is not a life changing amount, Mr Sefton highlighted that it requires very little effort on his part and absolutely no cost.  After a few months of reporting eligible houses, Mr Sefton reported what would turn out to be his largest windfall yet. He reported a semi-detached terrace house in Irdington which was in bad condition. YouSpotProperty went on to purchase the house for £100,000, awarding Mr Sefton one of the top incentives for spotters. The one percent incentive pays spotters one percent of the purchase value of the house they report if the company actually buys it from the owner.  So far this incentive has been paid out to 113 spotters, with Mr Sefton earning £1,000 for reporting this single house. As an extra thank you, the company will be donating £500 to a charity of Mr Sefton’s choice in his local area. Mr Sefton has experienced such success with YouSpotProperty that his brother has also become a spotter. Mr Sefton revealed that he’s spent his earnings so far on “much-needed items” to renovate his house.  He said: “It’s so far covered paint for decoration, materials for a fireplace and a wall-mounted TV – so it’s all gone to good use!” YouSpotProperty operates to put empty homes to good use, as data shows over 600,000 homes in England are currently vacant while even the Government’s housebuilding target is only half this amount. Nick Kalms, co-founder of YouSpotProperty.com, commented: “The issue of empty homes cannot be dealt with through one solution alone as there are numerous reasons why they become empty when housing and temporary accommodation is an ever-growing social issue. “Since 2014, we’ve built up a case load of more than 5,000 known long term empty and derelict properties in and around the M25, and the overriding reason remains a deadlock around probate. Families need greater assistance in resolving probates involving property which can otherwise be used to provide valuable housing. “Although the Government has made bold housebuilding pledges it will take years to see developments spring into action.  Tackling empty homes should be an ongoing priority for all councils who themselves are guilty of holding large numbers of empty properties in their own hands.”