The coach of Carlos Alcaraz has accepted "expectations" will be raised for the youngster following his breakthrough win at the Miami Open. The 18-year-old was already beginning to make a name for himself in 2022, winning the Rio Open before reaching the final four at Indian Wells, where he was beaten by Rafael Nadal. He then went in seeded 14th to the Miami Open, and beat Marton Fucsovics, Marin Cilic, and Stefanos Tsitsipas in straight sets, then beat Miomir Kecmanovic in an epic clash to make his second Masters 1000 semi-final. There, he defeated the defending champion Hubert Hurkacz to set up a final with sixth seed Casper Ruud. And the young Spaniard was too good for Ruud, beating the Norwegian 7-5 6-4 to become the youngest winner in the tournament's history. His achievement was such, that he was contacted by the King of Spain afterwards. Now his coach, Juan Carlos Ferrero, has warned that his success will bring added pressure. Ferrero, a former world No 1 who captured the 2003 French Open, has been working with Alcaraz since 2019. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic called the 'King of Stupidity' and blasted for being 'too arrogant' “These days of rest have served to refresh the legs, but also the head," he told Marca, as quoted by tennishead. "Making many calculations is putting too much pressure on Carlos’ shoulders. We know that it could be a very good season on clay, but we have to be careful. We have to continue working well, not being overconfident, generating good tennis, letting what you have time flow and being fresh every week”. Ferrero added that his recent wins wouldn't make anything straightforward: "Alcaraz has already fulfilled the first objective of the year, so it’s time to put more into it, but calmly," he continued. "Coming from winning a tournament as important as Miami and also doing it in Indian Wells and winning in Rio, well, it makes expectations go up, but there are to think week by week. Each week is different, there is nothing automatic." DON'T MISS:Wimbledon wildcard chance offered to 14-year-old Brit who could be the next Emma RaducanuNovak Djokovic fires Rafael Nadal French Open warning as he finally returns to actionJohn Isner compares ATP Houston final to Rafael Nadal vs Novak Djokovic After his win in America, Alcaraz was compared to Nadal and Boris Becker by Australian doubles legend Todd Woodbridge. Indeed, the teenager has enjoyed a meteoric rise in the last 12 months. He burst onto the scene at the US Open with a run to the quarter-finals last September, shortly after winning the ATP 250 Croatia Open. And he's already being viewed by pundits as a dark horse for the French Open in May.