Khan has been the MP for Wakefield since 2019. He said it would be "intolerable" for voters to not be represented. In a statement posted to Twitter, Khan said: "While legal proceedings are ongoing, I do not believe that it would ordinarily be appropriate to resign. However, owing to long delays in the legal process, my constituents have already been without visible parliamentary representation for a year. "Even in the best case scenario, anticipated legal proceedings could last many more months. "I have therefore regrettably come to the conclusion that it is intolerable for constituents to go years without an MP who can amplify their voices in Parliament." He added: "Representing them has been the honour of my life, and they deserve better than this. "Consequently, I am resigning as MP for Wakefield and withdrawing from political life." His resignation will trigger a by-election in the constituency, which had been held by Labour for 87 years before Khan was elected. In his statement, Mr Khan said he would be appealing the verdict, which was delivered at Southwark Crown Court earlier this week. He said: "I don't know how to express the shock of the past three days. "I have been characterised as a sexual predator, outcast, and worse. "A jury found me guilty of touching a leg above clothing with sexual intent. "I am appealing the verdict handed down on Monday, 11 March." The Conservative Party announced on Monday that Khan would be "expelled with immediate effect". The incident took place at a party in Staffordshire in January 2008, 11 years before he became an MP. He was found guilty by a jury after five hours of deliberations. The judge presiding over the case, Mr Justice Baker, said he would sentence Khan at a date to be fixed, adding: "all sentencing options, including immediate custody, are being considered by the court". After the verdict was delivered, Khan's solicitors released a statement saying he "maintains his innocence and will be appealing as soon as possible". Staffordshire Police began its investigation in December 2019. In a statement, the force said: "We know how hard it is to come forward and report these offences, but it is vital to bring those responsible for these offences to justice. "We would like to commend the victim for reporting the offence committed against him - he has shown real bravery and courage in doing so. "This case has had a huge impact on the victim and his family for a number of years."