Extending the terms of your mortgage will mean immediate savings in the short term, but there are multiple other factors to consider if you’re thinking about making changes to your terms. Property expert Mark Dyason, Founder of Edinburgh Mortgage Advice, has given the lowdown on the pros and cons of extending your mortgage to Express.co.uk. Mr Dyason explained there are plenty of positives to extending your mortgage beyond boosting your finances in the short term. “It protects the affordability of your property, making your home more secure in a time of rising costs," he said. “It helps stretch the mortgage budget at a time when house prices seem to be edging higher every week. READ MORE: Subsidise every household if UK is to stay a developed nation “The extra borrowing of a longer-term mortgage can make a big difference. “If you jump back a generation or two, our parents and grandparents took 25 years as a norm. “We are going to live much longer and likely work till at least 70, so a longer mortgage shouldn’t always be viewed as a bad thing.” However, despite the positives of extending your terms, there are several negatives that need to carefully considered before Mr Dyson explained: “You build the equity associated with the property much more slowly pushing out the next step up the ladder, especially as that step gets further away with house price inflation.” Extending your mortgage term will also cost you more in the long run, as you will pay more interest. DON'T MISSCouple share how they got rid of £800 mortgage payments [INSIGHT]Cost of living crisis: The 4 best options for first time buyers [EXPLAINER]Council tax: How some unlucky taxpayers pay nearly £1000 more [REPORT] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea For example, if you owe £150,000 on your mortgage, and you’re currently on a product with a three percent interest rate, you'll end up paying more. House prices in England have leapt by nearly £20,000 in two months, hitting yet another record high for the market, and buyers are paying more than ever for homes. According to Rightmove’s property index released on Monday, month-on-month prices have risen by an average of 1.6 percent, or £5,537, and over the last three months by £19,082. This is the sharpest three-month jump in the market ever recorded. What’s more, properties are now taking on average 33 days to sell - almost half of how long it would take to sell a house at this time in 2019.