In March 2021, Piers Morgan stormed off the set of Good Morning Britain after clashing with his ITV co-host Alex Beresford. The pair had a heated discussion about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. As a result, Piers decided to leave his role as co-host on GMB with Susanna Reid but he's now set to return to screens to front Uncensored on TalkTV. When is Piers Morgan Uncensored released? How can you watch it? On April 25, the host will make his debut with his new global show, Piers Morgan Uncensored. The programme will be available to watch in the UK, America and Australia. Viewers can watch the UK launch of TalkTV on all major linear TV platforms including Sky (channel 526), Virgin Media (channel 627), Freeview (channel 237) and Freesat (channel 217). As part of the partnership with Sky, TalkTV will also be landing on Sky’s new streaming service Sky Glass in the coming months. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry TalkTV will be streamed via Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV, Samsung TV Plus (channel 4316) and YouTube. Viewers will also be able to catch up on the latest news via the TalkTV website, TalkTV iOS and Android apps. The show will also be streamed on social media platforms Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, Snapchat and Twitter. Speaking about the launch of the new show, TalkTV's president of broadcasting Scott Taunton began: “TalkTV will be a new voice for viewers who are interested in straight-talking opinions and world-class expert insight on news and current affairs.” He continued: “I’m delighted that the channel will be available to everyone in the UK via Sky, Virgin Media, Freeview and Freesat. “Piers Morgan Uncensored will be the flagship primetime show - a fearless forum for lively and intelligent debate, fronted by one of the most outspoken and popular figures in international broadcasting. “It will be must-see TV and everyone in the UK will be able to tune in live or on-demand, either on their television or on any personal device.” Piers Morgan Uncensored will cover topics from the UK and around the world, as well as celebrating free speech and the right for people to share their views. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk leave village [SPOILERS]Vera star speaks on having exclusive access to key location [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert 'scared' to replace Sara Martins [VIDEO] The 60-minute daily show will also be broadcast on weeknights on FOX Nation in the US and aired in Australia on Sky News Australia. Piers' former Britain's Got Talent star Sharon Osbourne is also set to make her debut on the network. In recent weeks, Piers has released clips onto social media, teasing viewers with what they can expect from his new show. During one clip, the 57-year-old took aim at ITV bosses as he claimed he was "forced to leave" GMB. He went on to discuss Uncensored where he explained the main purpose of the show will be to "cancel the cancel culture". "A year ago today, I was forced to leave a job that I loved at the peak of its success for having the audacity to express an honestly held opinion,” Piers began. “Well, this shouldn’t happen in any democracy supposedly built on the principles of free speech and freedom of expression." He continued: “I want it to be a platform for lively, vigorous debate, newsmaking interviews and that increasingly taboo three-letter word, fun. “I also want it to annoy all the right people. I’m Piers Morgan... Uncensored.” Piers shared the short clip to his Twitter page along with the caption: “ANNOUNCEMENT Trigger warning: I’m back…and I’m uncensored.” (sic) Piers Morgan: Uncensored will air on April 25 on TalkTV.