Since January, when the Government dropped Covid work-from-home guidance, employees have been encouraged to return to workplaces: indeed, Boris Johnson has himself exhorted workers to do just that. Why, then, do so many civil servants still work at home? Data shows attendance levels at Whitehall remain very low, with the Department for Education's head office the worst culprit at 25 per cent occupancy, and the Foreign Office's just 31 per cent. Faced with these statistics, Cabinet minister Jacob Rees-Mogg is right to demand this errant workforce returns to the office. No doubt it suits many to stay away, but the Civil Service is a public role, demanding visibility and value for money. True, Covid has not gone away. Various intermediate solutions have been suggested, combining workplace safeguards with a home/office mix. It is a responsible conversation to have. But to stay away en masse does no good. Our cities and towns need to return to normality. The hospitality and retail industries, among others, need to recover. We need our public servants to be present, correct and accountable. ----- For quite a while bank branches have been closing. There are many reasons for this, including the rise of online banking and the use of card payments. Some 5,000 branches have shut in the last seven years with 120 closures in the past four weeks alone. It may suit the big retail banks' short term plans. But they have forgotten many people who still use banks and ATMs are elderly and vulnerable. As well as needing a trusted human presence to advise, they may not be in tune with digital payments and prefer using cash. Plus, they miss interacting with people and use local shops and services that also prefer cash payments. It's about time banks looked after this neglected cohort. ----- In the reflective moments after the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral, the Queen turned to her great passion - her dogs. As her aide Angela Kelly recently noted, when she retired to her quarters in Windsor Castle after the sad service last April, the Queen found solace in two new Corgi puppies - Muick and Sandy, and a "dorgi" - a dachshund/corgi cross - called Fergus. Along with her other dogs, Ms Kelly said they "turned out to be a godsend". We wish the Queen a wonderful birthday on Thursday, and that once again, she is surrounded by faithful canine companions.