Hannah Jones found her car soiled and vandalised after parking up on Park Row in Eagley this week. The 28-year-old used the space as she had struggled to find another spot in the village.  Ms Jones not only came back to her vehicle covered in the mess but one of the side mirrors had also been cracked. The distraught driver who owns her own luxury garden room business had to rush and valet her car prior to meeting her customers on the day she discovered the mess. Although the incident has left Ms Jones shocked, it is not the first time such events have happened.  Speaking of the parking situation in the village, Ms Jones said: “If you arrive at home anywhere past about 5.00pm there is usually hardly anywhere to park. “I have sometimes had to park 10 minutes away from my house to get a spot – this was the case late night Tuesday. “I had lots to carry on from my car from work so I parked where no one was parked down a back of house ginnel. “I ask someone pulling up if anyone parks here and she said no, this is a public car park for anyone to use. “I use my car to visit a lot of my clients so it's important it at least looks clean and tidy." READ MORE:Holidaymakers’ cars left in muddy fields  Ms Jones continued: “This morning I woke up early to set off to work and discovered my car was covered in filth. “It had a note on the front saying 'do not park here.' “This was on paper and it had rained so it stuck to my car window in bits. “My wing mirror was pushed forward and the plastic had cracked. “I had veg rubbed all over the back and left stuck in my back wiper and it stunk. “Wet tea bags covered the roof and had dried in stained patches. “I had to go to a car wash before I went to my clients which was obviously not ideal first thing in the morning.” DON'T MISS:Dartford Crossing closed and traffic diverted as 'woman on the bridge' [REPORT]Meghan comforts emotional Harry by holding his hand - VIDEO [ROYALS]Andrew Neil calls on France and Germany to pull weight in war [COMMENT]  Ms Jones has yet to report the incident to the police but has claimed the incident has made her wary of where she parks her car in the future. She also spoke of how this was not the first time something like this had happened.  Ms Jones continued: “This has happened once before and the same person didn't leave me a note I just woke up to a box of dead flies on my car. “It's clearly the same person. “I was pretty shocked at first, someone had put a lot of their energy into being so horrible.“It's a close-knit neighbourhood; I was disappointed someone would go down this route rather than just have a conversation. “I completely understand if I literally parked on someone's drive or blocked someone in, but even so I don't think it would warrant such behaviour. “It has made me warier, this person is obviously out to do some damage." 