New Delhi’s failure to condemn Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has cast a shadow with the world’s leading democracies, following a period of increasing unity over China which seemed to be slowly drawing India away from its traditional policy of strategic autonomy. Moves such as the “unequivocal condemnation” of the massacre of 300 civilians by Russian forces in Bucha, and Indian judge Dalveer Bhandari’s vote against Moscow at the International Court of Justice, had prompted hopes in some quarters of a shift in its policy of abstaining from Russian criticism at the UN. However, sources close to PM Narendra Modi’s government have confirmed that India will continue its delicate balancing act for the foreseeable future, with one expert adding that this would only change should Russia deploy nuclear weapons. Two weeks ago India’s foreign minister Subrahmanyam Jaishankar confirmed: “Like all other countries, we too are assessing the implications” of Russia’s war in Ukraine and “deciding what is best for our national interest.” But a more proactive approach from the West could help sway India, which has come under fire for continuing to buy Russian arms and a new energy deal with Moscow. Both were addressed during last week’s visit, six months ahead of the Free Trade Agreement expected to be signed in October. Russia accounts for 49 per cent of Indian arm imports. More crucially, India's purchases account for nearly a quarter of all of Russia’s arms sales, worth £10bn a year. Anticipated shortfalls in Russian production have already forced New Delhi to review this. On Thursday it announced a ramping up of indigenous military equipment, including helicopters, tank engines, missiles and airborne early warning systems. But sources stressed it was also part of the general shift to avoid over-reliance on any single supplier and mitigate the chances of geopolitical backlashes.  New proposals to offer India access to UK tech on next-generation defence and security collaboration has hit home, sources say. This includes joint projects to build fighter jets as well as maritime capabilities, sweetened by allowing India to become the first Indo-Pacific nation to receive an Open General Export Licence (OGEL) reducing bureaucracy and shortening delivery times for defence procurement. The second cause of immediate friction is over a new energy agreement which has seen cash-starved Russia offer India enormous $35 per barrel discounts for its best Urals-grade oil. Currently, Russia accounts for only 2 per cent of India’s energy imports, but fears in Washington that this could now increase prompted the US to ramp up pressure last week, warning such a move would "not be in India’s interests”. To mitigate this, the PM focussed on new cooperation on clean and renewable energy aimed at supporting India’s energy transition away from imported oil and increasing its domestic resilience. Moves will include the launching of a joint virtual Hydrogen Science and Innovation hub to accelerate affordable green hydrogen, as well as new funding for the Green Grids Initiative announced at COP26, and collaboration on joint work on the electrification of public transport across India.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Before his visit, it was made clear Boris Johnson was not going to attempt to pressurise India to change its stance over Russia, and this was wise. In general terms, it would take something like the use of nuclear weapons by Russia to change India's stance, not war crimes, unfortunately,” said Supriya Ravishankar, South Asia analyst with the Sibylline strategic risk group. "This is the time for different partners to step in and offer India better alternatives. The US has spoken about this, but there is a difference between words and actions, and Russia is already providing a concrete solution to India’s problems. “But the offers made by the UK are quite substantive compared to anything we’ve seen before. “In defence terms for instance, India told the US and said one of the things it needs is defence investment. Boris Johnson has shown concrete and tangible ways in which the UK can do this. “There is now scope, if India finds that manufacturing with the UK is more cost effective, for the UK to replace some of the defence space currently being occupied by Russia. It’s a notable development.” 