With fuel prices at record high levels and the Easter holiday road trips just around the corner, National Scrap Car, the UK’s marketplace for scrap vehicles, have shared a few things that motorists could do in order to save fuel. Current data from RAC Fuel Watch shows an average price of 162.48p for a litre of petrol with diesel drivers being set back 176.58p. Failing to plan the journey: Planning any car journey may not only make the driver’s life less stressful but also save them a lot of money. Taking a look at the journey in advance and looking at travel information will allow motorists to avoid any congested areas or roadworks that are likely to cause them to sit in traffic and waste fuel. Having a navigation system will also avoid the chances of the driver getting lost and driving around aimlessly, again, using more fuel that could have been saved easily if the journey was planned ahead. READ MORE: 'Members of the public are stupid!' LBC caller erupts over fuel prices Travelling with excess weight: The easiest way to help improve fuel efficiency is by removing any excess weight, the experts claimed. The heavier the car, the more fuel it takes to move. Motorists are, therefore, advised to take unnecessary, bulky items out of the car. DON'T MISS UK sees largest rise in petrol prices since records began [REVEAL] How to check which petrol stations have diesel near me [INSIGHT] Fuel shortages see stations drying up, says pressure group [WARNING] It is also easy to get into a habit of using the car boot as an extra bit of storage. Cleaning out the boot could make a big difference in fuel economy. Removing the roof rack is another way of improving fuel efficiency. Roof racks can make vehicles less aerodynamic, increasing the drag which in turn means the engine of the car will have to work harder. Having low tyre pressure: Before setting off on any road trip, drivers should always make sure their car's tyres are well maintained and in good condition. Not only should motorists be doing this for safety reasons but also to increase fuel efficiency. If the tyre pressure is too low, it will cause rolling resistance and the car will consume more fuel.  Whenever the car is not driving smoothly, the engine has to work harder which means more fuel is being consumed. If drivers are unsure of their car’s correct pressure level, they can often find the recommended pressure levels in the owner’s manual or in the fuel cap. Motorists can then set the air machine to the recommended level whether at home or at a petrol station. Being Idle: Being idle or idling means leaving the vehicle's engine running whilst it is stationary. Leaving the engine running whilst stationary burns a lot of fuel. Local authorities now have the power to authorise £20 fixed penalties for engine idling if a motorist refuses to switch off their engine. Switching off the engine when stationary will not only help save the environment but also prevent drivers from getting fined and wasting fuel.