Jamie Carragher nailed his prediction that Manchester City vs Liverpool would end as a draw on Sunday. The two Premier League titans battled it out at the Etihad in a high-octane spectacle. Jurgen Klopp would have pleased Carragher with his substitutions late on as Liverpool and City thrashed out a 2-2 draw on Sunday. The Reds legend correctly predicted a draw between the two sides - though he did get the score wrong. Last week, Carragher believed that Liverpool and City would cancel each other out due to the immense quality on show. But while a draw would leave both clubs stuck where they are, that does not mean the title race is over. The Anfield outfit had the chance to leapfrog their rivals at the top of the table but with seven matches to go, there is still plenty to play for. Carragher also admitted that he would pay particular attention to the last 15 minutes if it was still level to see what way the managers would go. That exact scenario played out on Sunday with the scores locked at 2-2 after Sadio Mane struck seconds into the second-half to level up. With the clock ticking, Klopp went for the win by throwing on Roberto Firmino, Luis Diaz and Naby Keita, which would have pleased Carragher. "I think it’ll be a draw, that’s not sitting on the fence, I just think the teams are so evenly matched and that a draw wouldn’t be the end of the world for either team in some ways," the Liverpool legend said on the Sky Sports Football podcast last week. "If it’s level with 10 or 15 minutes to go, it’ll be interesting to see what the managers do, whether they go for it or settle for a point. Both teams, if it finished as a draw, I think would say 'okay, we’ve got seven games to go here'. "The first game was a draw, both teams are so evenly matched, City have a slight advantage being at home but it’s going to be a 1-1 draw for me." While Carragher may have got the score wrong, he pretty much nailed his prediction in a match where both sides were at their swashbuckling best. Despite the shared points, though, City might feel aggrieved not to have won the match - especially when Riyad Mahrez fired over with the last kick of the game. If the Algerian had scored, Carragher would have said that they would have been unable to be caught, adding: "I think it’ll decide the title more if City win – I don’t think it will if Liverpool won. Four points with seven games to go is a big lead. "These two teams notoriously win games week after week. There’s still a way to go, no doubt, but if City were to win I think they’d have to throw it away with how long there is left."