There's no doubt that Sky Q still rules the roost when it comes to watching TV with this clever set-top box allowing customers to view shows in stunning 4K, find content via voice search and record numerous programmes at the same time. Sky has won every award going but it could soon have some serious competition from a brand new rival. UK Internet Service Provider (ISP) ZYBRE, has just announced the upcoming release of a new gadget called the One Box. This mini device comes packed with all the usual TV features such as access to services such as Disney+, Netflix and Prime Video but there's also the option to turn it into a dedicated console. That's all thanks to ZYBRE's gaming platform which features over 200 games, including popular titles such as World of Tanks and Mortal Combat 3. Users can also link their Steam account to ZYBRE's platform to play games they already own. According to the team at broadband-centric website ISPreview, the new One Box will be fully compatible with gaming controllers and have expandable storage up to 1TB. To help make online gameplay appear silky smooth the One Box includes faster Wi-Fi 6 technology which is capable of handling internet speeds in excess of 9Gbps - that's over twice as fast as older Wi-Fi 5 technology. READ MORE: Best Sky TV Deals: Get Discounts On Sky Glass And Sky Q Packages There's also support for High Dynamic Range (HDR) video quality which boosts the visuals and users will also hear ear-pleasing audio thanks to Dolby Atmos support. ZYBRE says that the One Box will be available soon although there's currently no official release date or pricing. Not heard of ZYBRE? You won't be alone as the ISP is a relative newcomer to the national market. The company launched its services across the UK back in September 2021 via BT's Openreach network and hopes its gaming service can offer something its rivals can't match. Right now, ZYBRE offers two plans including Fast and Ultrafast options. Fast costs £31.99 and features speeds of up to 80Mbps. Those signing up for the £44.99 per month Ultrafast plan will get blistering 1Gbps downloads. Speaking at the launch, Jonny Robinson, ZYBRE CEO, said: “We’re really happy to be launching nationwide, we’ve had our first customers go live in the last few weeks. 'Being able to offer full fibre in as many places as possible is key to our own growth, and our current relationships allow us to invest in providing customers access to complete entertainment rather than laying cables. "We’re always looking to add further partnerships to enhance our UK wide reach and give more customers access to ZYBRE. “ Expect more news on the new One Box in the coming months.