A cheeky 40 percent have even spoken directly with their neighbours to make the rivalry official, with 38 percent admitting the grass literally looks greener on the other side of the garden fence. Features such as hot tubs, summer houses and pizza ovens are among the hottest things to make next door envious. And 20 percent think their neighbour’s garden makes the rest of the street look worse. A spokesman for fencing company DuraPost, which commissioned the survey, said: “Neighbour rivalry is no joke. We can’t help but compare what we’ve got with others, and take it upon ourselves to go one better. “Whether it’s just a bit of fun or deadly serious, these results show it’s a real thing, and it’s been really interesting to see people’s responses to it.” The study also found that despite 75 percent being friendly with next door, a third admit they’ve previously had an argument over something garden-related. And while 60 percent claim friendly banter is all said in “jest”, they are secretly competitive about who has the best garden. A further 39 percent constantly try to outdo others with their outdoor space, as more than half consider it their pride and joy. The study, conducted via OnePoll, also found three in ten think others on their street should take more care over how their garden looks. But almost half (48 percent) admit to being envious of next door’s outdoor sanctuary, while a quarter said their main motivation for gardening is to outdo others. When thinking about their own garden, the average adult has spent a total of £3,900 in a bid to make it the best on the street. As many as four in ten tend to their shrubs weekly, while 44 percent are always on the lookout for outdoor décor inspiration. It also emerged 75 percent would like to change something about their garden in order to improve its appearance – with flower beds (40 percent), lawns (39 percent) and fencing (35 percent) the top priorities. The DuraPost spokesman added: “Now the weather is changing, people are keen to get their gardens looking summer ready. “Living in the UK, we only get to spend a short amount of time outdoors, so making sure our own green sanctuaries look their best is so important.” TOP 10 THINGS PEOPLE WANT TO MAKE THEIR NEIGHBOURS JEALOUS: