Ronnie O’Sullivan faces possible disciplinary action after being caught on TV making a lewd gesture at the Crucible. The Rocket powered into the last 16 of the Betfred World Championship with a 10-5 win over David Gilbert in Sheffield. And the 46-year-old O’Sullivan, back at world No1 for the fifth time in his 30-year career, equalled two major records. The six-time winner’s total of 30 appearances at the sport’s spiritual home matches the tally of legend Steve Davis. And a 70th career win at the venue saw him draw level with Stephen Hendry. But the game’s box office star may face sanction after making a lewd gesture caught on camera in the 13th frame – left furious about missing a black off the spot. O’Sullivan does have previous in this area. In 2008 he was fined £2,750 and docked 700 ranking points for making obscene gestures and comments in a China Open press conference. And in 2013 at the Crucible referee Michaela Tabb warned O’Sullivan for another gesture in a semi-final against Judd Trump. Meanwhile O’Sullivan admitted he dipped into his snooker toolbox to make yet more Crucible history. And almost the only record still to elude this season’s World Grand Prix winner O’Sullivan is Hendry’s seven world titles - which he could yet equal this year. O’Sullivan hit back after trailing 3-0 at one stage, with breaks of  122, 64, 104, 66, 54, 58, 109 and 81. He said: “I am not too bothered about the records, I have enough. Stephen Hendry was a hero of mine so if I equal his seven world titles great, if not part of me will be happy if he keeps it. “I have gathered this tool box over the years and I was pulling out spanners, hammers, little Allen keys more mentally than technically. When you’re a grandad like me you draw on your experiences. “It’s like Gladiator out there. It’s like Russell Crowe…he’s got a hole in his arm, he knows he’s going to die but you just have to find a way sometimes. I think I can play on for a lot longer now than I thought I could, I’ll keep hanging around and be a hindrance like maybe Tiger Woods and be a pain to play against.” Zhao Xintong showed the rest of the field he is a real contender for a first world title. The 25-year-old continued a magnificent breakthrough season by reaching the last 16 with a 10-2 drubbing of Wales’s Jamie Clarke. World No7 Zhao has already won the UK Championship and German Masters this term and even O’Sullivan has mentored him in recent months. Zhao said: “I feel better after getting a first win at the Crucible, and this win is very important for me. If I play naturally then I can do a lot here. Ronnie is a very kind man and has really been helping me.”