 Brenda Blethyn, 75, returned to screens once again in 2022 as DI Vera Stanhope in the smash-hit detective drama series Vera. The ITV drama returned for the latest series in January and was a long time coming for viewers who had been waiting since September for the remaining episodes due to production setbacks. In the build-up, the popular actress opened up about her family life and revealed what she misses the most while away filming in the North East of England.   When filming for series 11, Brenda recalled how she would usually spend her free time when not filming for Vera, saying: “I miss the leisure of completing The Times crossword puzzle. “My brother Bill and I both love cryptic puzzles and we race each other.” The TV actor went on to add to ITV: “He actually won the weekly prize once. “I haven’t managed that, as he occasionally reminds me if I happen to beat him!” READ MORE:‘I switched off!’ BBC blasted for Ros Atkins' latest show  As a 12th instalment of the ITV detective series is well underway, the actor revealed how her castmates are close to “family”. Revealing what makes the series so great, Brenda said: “The team play a very important part in the success of Vera. “The Vera family works very well together, we have a great rapport,” she continued: “A great laugh too. “Lots of people have told me that Jon Morrison is the most convincing copper on the telly!”  The actor explained: “He’s been with Vera the longest and is a real anchor and where would Vera be without Aiden, Mark and Jac? “She gives them some stick but their loyalty remains steadfast. “Even the grumpy pathologist seems to enjoy goading Vera." Speaking about another one of her closest co-stars, the 75-year-old gushed: “Paul Kaye is hilarious, I love my scenes with him.”  Elsewhere, the award-winning actor, who has been the face of Vera for 11 years, has recently finished the second series of ITV’s Kate and Koji. Kate, played by Brenda, runs an old-fashioned café in a seaside town and develops a strong if sometimes volatile friendship with asylum-seeking African doctor Koji (Okorie Chukwu). Okorie replaced Jimmy Akingbola who was forced to exit the series due to a filming schedule clash with Peacock’s The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air reboot. When discussing joining the Kate and Koji cast, Okorie beamed: “I read the script and I really felt a connection with Koji.  He added to Hello! Magazine: “When the job was offered I did think it's not a usual way to come on board a show. “But it was a hit show and I thought it was an amazing comedy. "I was a bit nervous but everyone was so welcoming and so warm and the way that the team got me involved and supported me throughout." The TV actor went on to say: “The process was just amazing." Vera is available to stream on ITV and ITV Hub 