Chris Ellison played the role of DCI Burnside on the popular ITV series The Bill from 1984 to 2000. The actor's life took a dramatic turn 18 months ago when he was diagnosed with aphasia following a stroke. The condition - a brain disorder whereby a person has difficulty with their language or speech - has been lifted from obscurity after Bruce Willis recently went public about his own diagnosis. Accompanied by his wife Anita, Chris went on ITV's Good Morning Britain to provide insight into his own battle with aphasia and how it has rocked both of their lives over the last 18 months. Anita explained how Chris would often "feel embarrassed and would grab my arm because he couldn't speak". She continued: "We have been like hermits really. Haven't gone out at all." Bruce Willis going public about his own aphasia diagnosis has given Chris a newfound sense of confidence, Anita added. READ MORE: What is wrong with Bruce Willis? Aphasia explained - main symptoms and condition in full "I've seen a great change in Chris. He is immediately lifted." Anita hopes the increased public awareness of aphasia will help people to understand that Chris has difficulties replying to questions but can "understand". Anita added: "Just be patient." Witnessing aphasia's impact on her husband, Anita is sympathetic to Bruce Willis' plight. DON'T MISSMuhammad Ali health: Boxer died from 'extreme' septic shock [INSIGHT]Celine Dion health: Singer cancelled showns due to spasms - [INSIGHT]Britons struck down by four illnesses sweeping UK [ADVICE] "His talents have been taken away. His gifts as an artist. But he is the same intelligent man inside and deserves the same respect." Anita went on to reveal the positive impact Bruce Willis' announcement has had on her own life. She said: "I have been in mourning. I have cried so much but now I feel a sense of relief." Aphasia is when a person has difficulty with their language or speech. It's usually caused by damage to the left side of the brain (for example, after a stroke). More than 350,000 people are currently living with aphasia in the UK. According to the NHS, people with aphasia often have trouble with the four main ways people understand and use language. These are: "Speaking problems are perhaps the most obvious, and people with aphasia may make mistakes with the words they use," explains the NHS. The Mayo Clinic explains: "Once the cause has been addressed, the main treatment for aphasia is speech and language therapy." According to the health body, the person with aphasia relearns and practices language skills and learns to use other ways to communicate. "Family members often participate in the process, helping the person communicate." Because aphasia is often a sign of a serious problem, such as a stroke, the health body says to seek emergency medical care if you suddenly develop: