Tiger Woods has detailed the gruelling schedule he went through in order to make a remarkable return at this week's Masters tournament, just over a year after suffering severe injuries in a car crash. Following his fairytale return at Augusta National, Woods admitted he 'didn't have one day off' after being given the all-clear to leave his bed three months after his accident. Following his return on Thursday, he told Sky Sports: "I've been working everyday, we never took a day off so once I got out of that bed after three months there was no days off... we did something every single day." Despite 17 months away from competitive golf, Woods put in an impressive opening round performance on Thursday after carding a one-under-par 71 to leave him in good stead heading into tomorrow's second round. After a steady start, the 15-time major winner rolled back the years at the par-three sixth after firing his tee shot within a few feet of the pin, before comfortably tapping in for birdie. Woods then gave a shot back at the ninth, before getting one back into the birdie column after carding a well-worked four at the par five 13th. A frustrating bogey followed at 14, however in typical Woods fashion he hit back with his second two of the day.- this time at 16 - after rolling in a superb putt to cap off an impressive start to his tournament. His clinical putt on the final par three of the course showed the scinitilating skill from Woods' previous successes still remains, and was met with arguably the loudest gallery cheer of the day. Discussing his two at the 16th he commented: "That was a good one. I got a little teach from Louis' [Oosthuizen] putt, it slowed up towards the end then it snapped. I've hit that putt in the practice round and I have always under-read it, but it was good to get that affirmation from Louis' putt that it did snap at the end so I give it an extra ball-and-a-half and it landed in right in the middle. As the 15-time major winner alluded to, it had been some battle to get himself back into action following his car accident last February. Now he was back where he belonged, Woods paid tribute to his team for helping him get back to the PGA Tour. "I am proud of basically my whole team. We worked so hard, people have no idea how hard we worked every day." The gruelling preparation also comes with a tough recovery process, with the American now turning his attentions firmly onto tomorrow's second round. Discussing his testing post-round schedule. "There is lots of treatment, lots of ice baths and just shivering and suffering, it's awful but it allows me to recover," he added with a laugh. "But my team has done an incredible job of getting me ready to have an opportunity for me to get this thing rolling. I said 'guys just get me to this point... my adrenaline will kick in. I know how to play golf, I know how to play this golf course, just try and get me to this point and I'll take it from there'."