Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick has been handed a boost by the news that Cristiano Ronaldo is fit to face Everton on Saturday (kick-off 12.30pm). The blockbuster star missed the Red Devils’ 1-1 draw with Leicester City last weekend with illness. But United have been dealt a quadruple blow ahead of the match at Goodison Park after Raphael Varane, Luke Shaw, Edinson Cavani and Scott McTominay were ruled out through injury. Here, Express Sport takes a look at how Rangnick could line his team up against Frank Lampard’s side. Goalkeeper – De Gea David de Gea has enjoyed a fine season for the Red Devils and has been a shining light for United, despite their defensive struggles. The 31-year-old is yet to miss a Premier League game this campaign and will continue between the sticks for this one. Defence – Dalot, Maguire, Lindelof, Telles Diogo Dalot has been favoured by Rangnick on the right side of United’s defence since the German took charge of the side. And he appears to have displaced Aaron Wan-Bissaka for the time being. He and Harry Maguire will be the only two defenders from last weekend’s encounter that Rangnick is able to call upon. READ MORE: Benzema proves Rio Ferdinand wrong as Real Madrid star bags Chelsea hat-trick    Varane lasted the full 90 minutes against the Foxes but has since been sidelined, meaning Victor Lindelof is likely to come in alongside Maguire at the heart of the United defence. Shaw, meanwhile, was forced off at the interval last time out and is now set to have bolts removed from his leg after they were inserted in the wake of the leg break he sustained in 2015. Midfield – Matic, Fred, Pogba In the absence of McTominay, Rangnick could call upon Nemanja Matic for the trip to Merseyside. Matic has started two of United’s last four Premier League games and could get the nod alongside Fred at the heart of the Red Devils midfield. Paul Pogba, who looks certain to leave the club at the end of the season when his contract comes to an end, could be given a more advanced midfield role to support the forward line. DON'T MISSLiverpool have Carvalho deal 'done' with £7.7m fee agreed for summer signingChelsea's Mount has defiant message for Real Madrid - 'If anyone can do it, it's us'Thierry Henry's puzzled reaction when Micah Richards compared Benzema to Harry Kane      Forwards – Sancho, Fernandes, Ronaldo Ronaldo could return straight to the starting line-up, with United struggling for goals in recent weeks, and will be hoping to add to his 18 strikes this season. The 37-year-old could lead the frontline, with Jadon Sancho and Bruno Fernandes providing further attacking impetus alongside him. United have fallen to seventh in the Premier League table after winning just one of their last four top flight games. And if they fail to beat the Toffees, they can surely kiss goodbye to their hopes of finishing fourth once and for all. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 