Netflix’s highly acclaimed science-fiction horror, Stranger Things, is expected to return to screens next month with its much anticipated fourth season. While fans still question Jim Hooper’s (played by David Harbour) fate, the actor landed a huge new role away from Netflix.  With production kicking off later this year, Harbour will lead the cast of Cooper Raiff’s upcoming film, The Trashers. The film will provide viewers with insight into the rise and fall of Jimmy Galante, who will be portrayed by Harbour. As well as being a Connecticut trash magnate, Jimmy was also an associate of the Genovese crime family. Galante was thrust into the limelight back in 2004 when he first purchased the city’s major-league hockey team.  READ MORE: Jane McDonald forced to explain awkward wardrobe mishap After assigning his son to be in charge of the players, the team gained a reputation for being rough and violent to play against. Despite this, they had a growing fan base as they began winning a number of games. However, this all came crashing down when Galante was arrested on 72 criminal charges and as a result, all the fame and success also withered. The Gevonese family had previously been sighted as the inspiration behind the 1999 drama, The Sopranos.  Ahead of their collaboration Cooper Raif shared a heartfelt tribute and opened up about working alongside Harbour by stating: “I feel so lucky to be working with David. “He’s a magnificent actor and the perfect Jimmy Galante because he’s truly tough and impossibly warm.' The director added: “He’s also the best person and I hope he reads this and knows I want to be friends with him forever.” Harbour's upcoming portrayal is completely different from his role as Jim Hopper, which fans completely adore.  DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley in shock at Angela Rayner controversy [NEWS]Stranger Things season 4 Netflix release date, cast, trailer, plot [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 4 theory: Max's death sealed in fan clue  [THEORY] As viewers eagerly awaited the release of season four, many fans questioned whether Jim Hopper would return after the finale left his fate uncertain. In the harrowing scenes, Jim got trapped in the giant machine which opened the gate to the Upside Down and then exploded. As a result, his loved ones were convinced he had met his death and was never to be seen again. However, this wasn’t to be the case as a new season four teaser revealed he was alive after being captured by the Soviets.  In an interview with Entertainment Weekly, Harbour stated: “There's some fun stuff that we're doing this season, but it's also the heaviest dramatic stuff I've ever had to do, “We get to see a lot of Hopper at his most vulnerable, we're gonna reveal a lot of backstory points that we've only hinted at in boxes in his attic. “We're gonna see a lot of these different threads, and also, we get to see a rebirth of him,” the actor concluded. Stranger Things seasons 1-3 are available on Netflix.Season 4 premieres on May 27. 