The incumbent President secured a second five year term in Sunday's election, after comfortably seeing off his challenger, Marine Le Pen. The National Rally leader polled 48.71 percent, while her rival secured 51.29 percent. EU leaders could not contain their glee as French voters delivered a definitive "non" to the far-right politician. Ursula von der Leyen was one of the first to tweet her congratulations to the victorious Macron. The President of the European Union gushed: "Dear @EmmanuelMacron, "Congratulations on your re-election as President of the Republic. "I look forward to continuing our excellent cooperation. Together, we will move France and Europe forward." She was soon followed by Charles Michel, the President of the European Council. Mr Michel said a Macron-led France was one that would help strengthen the Union in unpredictable times. He wrote: "In this turbulent period, we need a solid Europe and a France totally committed to a more sovereign and more strategic European Union. "We can count on the #France #5 more years." Brussels had feared a Le Pen victory could have opened the way to Frexit and torpedoed the European project for good. Although the EU did not feature in any of her key themes, many of her concrete proposals blatantly contradicted membership obligations. Opponents and commentators dubbed her strategy as "Frexit in all but name". READ MORE: 'Don't want Macron and don't want Le Pen!' French voter exasperated Mujtaba Rahman, the Europe director of Eurasia Group consultancy claimed Le Pen would have tried to have "destroyed" the EU from the inside and would have been a much bigger threat to the European status quo than Brexit. Guy Verhofstadt hailed Macron's victory as a huge bonus for those seeking radical reform of the EU. The former Belgian PM, a stern critic of Brexit, said: "President Macron reelected… "Much more than relief - a historic opportunity to profoundly reform the European Union’s defence, health, energy, democracy… as outlined in the radical proposals of the Conference on the Future of Europe!" European leaders were also quick to give their seal of approval to Macron's crushing triumph, including the leaders of Sweden, Romania, Lithuania, Finland, the Netherlands and Greece. Mark Rutte, the Dutch prime minister, said: "I look forward to continuing our extensive and constructive cooperation within the EU and NATO, and to further strengthening the excellent relationship between our countries." DON'T MISSFrench election results LIVE: Emmanuel Macron VICTORY [NEWS]French election results: When next French President will be announced [INSIGHT]Knifeman screams 'we must kill Macron' then stabs priest and nun [SPOTLIGHT] And German Chancellor Olaf Scholz posted on Twitter: "Your constituents also sent a strong commitment to Europe today. I am pleased that we will continue our good cooperation!" While, European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde, a French national, offered warm words for the pro-business Macron, saying "strong leadership is essential in these uncertain times”. Joy at Macron's victory was not confined to the European mainland, as British politicians gave their views. Boris Johnson said he looked forward to continuing to work together "on issues which matter to our two countries and to the world." Sadiq Khan described Macron's re-election as "an important victory" in difficult times. London's Mayor wrote: "Hope over fear, unity over division. Congratulations @EmmanuelMacron."