  The format on BBC Radio 2 was shaken up this morning after its presenter Zoe Ball, 51, arrived 25 minutes late, only to leave again under an hour later. Her stand-in presenter Richie Anderson first attributed Zoe’s late start to a “flat tyre”, but then admitted later in the show that she had gone home due to “not feeling well".    Zoe usually presents BBC Radio 2 every weekday morning, but today, her voice was noticeably absent from the airwaves. At 6.30am travel reporter Richie told listeners: “Sorry if I’ve given you the shock of your life. “Quite obviously, I am not Zoe Ball. It is me, Richie Anderson, hello, and I have some news to share. “They’ve finally given me the Radio 2 Breakfast Show. Hurrah! It’s what we’ve always wanted. This is for us!” READ MORE: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet       He then added: “No, I’m joking - Zoe Ball has a flat tyre, but she’s on her way.” Sure enough, Zoe arrived to take over at 6.54am, joking to Richie: “Oh no, he’s really annoyed. She's out of the cupboard! “Yay, you’re back…” Richie replied in a mock sarcastic tone before Zoe quipped, “I’ve just found this massive nail in the tire of my car, Richie Anderson". She went on to thank Richie for filling in, and then he gave listeners an update on the roads.       At 6.55am Zoe elaborated: “Morning gang, sorry for being late. Bit of a drama on a Monday morning, nothing like that to start you off on your week. Richie, what a star.” However, it seemed Richie wasn’t finished filling in for Zoe, as he was back on the microphone at 7.47am, without providing an explanation for where Zoe had suddenly gone. It wasn’t until 8.05am that the presenter explained that Zoe’s absence was actually down to an unknown illness. He said: “It’s me, Richie Anderson and I’m in because Zoe’s not feeling too well unfortunately, so she’s had to go home.” READ MORE... Jane Seymour addresses posing for Playboy aged 67 [INSIGHT] Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [NEWS] Cat Deeley moved to UK after husband and son caught in mall shooting [NEWS]       Express.co.uk have contacted Zoe for comment. The news comes after Zoe was forced to call in sick with coronavirus last month. The presenter tested positive on Friday March 18, which meant she also had to withdraw from presenting the annual BBC Comic Relief TV show. She shared the news with her 644,000 Instagram followers at the time, writing: “Pook! Fell at last hurdle and have had positive lat flows this am - noooooooo…      “Gorgeous @aleshaofficial is going to work the double shift tonight on @ComicRelief, i owe you lady love - good luck to A, Lenny, David, @mcguinness.paddy, @ajodudu, @vernonkay, and the @comicrelief gang, so many brilliant treats in store tonight.” (sic) In another post, she complained about feeling “fed up” with the illness. She penned: "Hello to any covid bed fellows. fed up now - missing work & sunshine - but thanks to @bronactitley & @scottygb for the recommendation of #somebodysomewhere. @skycomedy fuelled my heart pumper right up. I've done #dopesick #inventinganna & #thedropout #piecesofher now starting #severance.” (sic) The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show airs weekdays from 6.30am on BBC Radio 2.   