Ex-Brexit campaigner Darren Grimes appeared to take aim at Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion protesters as the GB News host condemned activists who glue themselves to UK roads. The 28-year-old, who hosts 'Real Britain with Darren Grimes' at 2pm on Saturdays and Sundays, used his social media platform to question whether the disruptive tactics adopted by many environmental activists would really deliver the change they were calling for. Writing on Twitter, Mr Grimes said: "If you genuinely believed that the world was about to end in either a ball of flames or by drowning its inhabitants, and that it was too late for humanity to act, would you really spend your final days glueing your a*** to the middle of a road?" The post was warmly received by Mr Grimes' 194,000 Twitter followers. Little over a thousand users liked the post and another 150 retweeted it. Twitter user @Catheri99293404 said: "Strange how the activists were nowhere to be seen during the cold months." Meanwhile, @paulredhead1, added: "As much as I hate to admit it, that's a fair point." However, other Twitter users voiced their concerns about tackling climate change. JUST IN: Truss issues Putin with chemical weapon warning after 'callous' Russian attack on Mariupol @Chester66666666 said: "It's preventable if people act now." A fourth user, @matt_greener, added: "If you genuinely thought tipping point was close or passed one would indeed be best doing anything to get the legislators to act to minimise the impact." However, Mr Grimes' post comes just hours after Downing Street condemned Just Stop Oil campaigners for blockading fuel distribution terminals. A Number 10 spokeswoman said: "We recognise the strength of feeling and the right to protest is a cornerstone of our democracy, but we won’t tolerate guerrilla tactics that obstruct people going about their day-to-day business." She added: "We fully support the police who are putting significant resources into their response to the demonstrations." Just Stop Oil activists in Grays, Essex said: "We’re doing this because our Government is refusing to act on the climate crisis and we need to have a meaningful statement that we will have no new fossil fuel projects, it’s that simple." READ MORE: 'Boris has surrendered!' Brexit fury as PM CAVES on fishing and hands major win to France Labour called on Boris Johnson's Government to introduce injunctions to ban the protests. The Shadow Justice Secretary Steve Reed said: "Tory ministers need to get on with their jobs. "Motorists were already being hammered by prices at the pump, and now millions can’t even access fuel. "This is all happening on the Government’s watch. They need to sort it out." Just Stop Oil coordinators claimed they had counted 880 arrests by Sunday evening, according to the Guardian. However, a spokesman from the UK Petroleum Industry Association played down concerns about the impact of the protests. DON'T MISS:'Task set' Chechen warlord unveils chilling plot for Kyiv [INSIGHT]Putin cracks down on spies as Kremlin admits heavy 'losses' [SPOTLIGHT]Russia shoot themselves in foot as nitric acid tanker hit backfires [REVEALED] He said: "Fuels continue to be delivered, meaning stocks are being replenished. "The ongoing protest activity is affecting some deliveries but disruptions are localised and short-term only. "The industry is working hard to ensure fuels are being delivered as quickly as possible."