Warnings of an Arctic blast striking the UK have emerged in recent days after a gloriously warm Easter Bank Holiday weekend for much of the country. A dramatic turn in the forecast is being predicted by some forecasters - but will there be any late snow this year? Temperatures of 23C were recorded in London and Birmingham over the weekend - but forecasters are not sure if the balmy temperatures will last. In a huge cool off, from the beginning of May temperatures are forecast to plummet by as much as 20C in some unfortunate areas. Maps from WXCharts showed that in the evenings some more northerly areas could even go into minus figures, with the rest of the country experiencing temperatures below 10C from Saturday April 30. For the week that follows, WXCharts predicted lows of 1C in Scotland, 2C in the north and 4C in the south. READ MORE: UK weather: Temperatures PLUMMET by 20C as Met Office predicts -3C There is a chance snow could fall at the beginning of the month across all of the UK. In central and northern Scotland, maps showed the chances of snow could be as high as 40 percent, particularly in elevated areas. England, Wales and Northern Ireland are less likely to see snow, with probabilities only reaching as high as 20 percent in select parts of the north of England. What’s more, the Met Office is not currently predicting any icy or snowy conditions for the rest of April or next month. The Met Office is predicting unsettled weather for the rest of April and beginning of May. The long-range forecast reads: “Mainly dry to start this period, with cloud likely thickening in the far south allowing for some rain here. “This rain looking to shift northwards with time, with northeastern and northwestern areas remaining driest for the longest. DON'T MISSBBC Weather: Heavy and thundering downpours hit as cloud engulfs UK [INSIGHT]UK storm warning: -7C freeze and heavy downpours to hit Britain [REPORT]Should I water my lawn in spring? The best time to water grass [EXPLAINER] “However, no heavy rainfall is likely, with any showers looking to be light. “Generally light winds for most, perhaps breezy in the persistent easterly flow in the south and west, particularly at the start of the period. “Could see temperatures slightly higher than of recent to start the week, tending to decrease over the subsequent days. “Uncertain in timing, but from the following weekend, any rainfall perhaps in more organised bands. Probably turning more settled heading into May.” Into May, the Met Office predicted there will be more unsettled weather until the middle of the month, before turning dry and warm as we head into summer. The long range forecast from May 3 to May 17 reads: “Likely to begin the period with unsettled weather, bringing outbreaks of rain in places, especially the south, and probable fine and dry weather often in the north. “Turning more settled, with most likely a good deal of fine and dry weather for the remainder of the period, although there is still a chance of some brief unsettled spells at times. Temperatures are most likely to be above normal.”