Edward VIII has been branded a "traitor" by royal biographer Andrew Lownie for colluding with Nazis during World War Two. After abdicating the throne in 1936, Edward encouraged Adolf Hitler's soldiers to bomb Britain into submission and allow him to become King. Speaking to Sky News Australia, Mr Lownie said: "There was a plan called Operation Welly in the summer of 1940 to entice him to Britain as a puppet King should Germans invade Britain. "The line up to now is that he didn't really know what these approaches were about but it's very from the papers that I've seen and these are papers in the royal archives and the national archives in London but also private papers all over the world. "He actively engaged this intrigue. He knew that Germans were propositioning him. "He actually made suggestions about how best they might subjugate Britain including a remark about bombing London." "The jury could no longer be out, it is absolutely clear that Edward VIII was a traitor and frankly, should have been executed." READ MORE: Royal horoscope: Meghan and Harry here for something 'very important' It comes as shares in a rare coin marking King Edward VIII's brief reign have been snapped up after it went into fractional ownership. People were offered the opportunity to buy a stake in the coin for £50. Collectables platform Showpiece.com has acquired the penny. Weighing 9.36g and measuring 3.08cm, ownership of the coin has been split into "pieces" or shares. Sales data released by Showpiece.com on Tuesday revealed that 2,864 of 3,500 available shares had been snapped up by lunchtime, with buyers being from 18 countries. Dan Carter, co-founder of Showpiece.com said: "We knew sales volumes would be strong based on the number of collectors who had registered interest with us online, but we never expected to sell the majority of shares in the first 24 hours. "Though the UK has been our strongest market, there's been huge overseas interest too, particularly from Japan. "If the current momentum continues then we expect to sell-out all remaining shares in the coming days." DON'T MISS Meghan told to 'stop knocking family' if she wants to enter politics [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew 'trying' to be Queen's 'unofficial advisor' [VIDEO]Meghan would 'never' get publicity increase without Harry [ANALYSIS] Fractional ownership gives people an opportunity to have a small stake in a rare or desirable item, such as an artefact or artwork, in a way that is relatively affordable. In general, people need to be aware that the value of items can go down as well as up. Experts have suggested the coin's allure stems from it not having entered public circulation. The King Edward Penny was due to be issued widely from 1937. But plans were abandoned following the abdication crisis in 1936, only months into Edward's reign.