Ethan (played by Emile John) has become central to Meena's (Paige Sandhu) trial in recent scenes on Emmerdale given the fact Manpreet (Rebecca Sarker) asked him to help her prepare for the testimonial she is set to give in court against her killer sister. In the past, the lawyer has struggled to see the good in the village doctor as she left his father, Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin), at the altar on their wedding day years ago to never be seen again. With a chance to get his payback on his former stepmother, Ethan could very well have set her up for a very big fall in the most recent episode of the ITV soap to ensure Meena gets to walk free. The lawyer and Manpreet met away from the village to talk tactics and Ethan suggested they partake in a role-play scenario where he acts as the defence. Before grilling the doctor, the young man warned her he was not going to let up on her because they knew each other. What Manpreet wasn't prepared for was how deep Ethan's own pain over their relationship was going to be involved in the process. He claimed she was an innate liar, recalling the time she took on another identity to get into a romance with Charles before leaving him heartbroken. When the doctor realised what was going on, she stopped the inquisition and turned the tables as she wondered if there was something else going on. READ MORE: University Challenge finalists despair over drag slang round After apologising to Manpreet, Ethan explained: "I am just trying to give you some idea of what you might have to go through in court. "I thought that was what you wanted," he continued before his former stepmother asked him why he had to bring up their past. "It seemed pretty personal to me," she remarked, with the lawyer telling her: "Don't you think the defence is going to do their homework? "Or that Meena won't just tell them everything she knows?" he added, with Manpreet replying: "I know I have a history. "I don't need reminding," she said but the young man explained this is what was going to happen once she took to the stand. "You said yourself, we have to be ready for whatever they're going to throw at you," he continued, telling her he couldn't warn her about what the defence would bring up in court as he had no idea. "Meena's defence will fire questions at you so fast you won't know whether you're coming or going. They will say anything to try and discredit you. "No matter how personal," he said in a manipulative tone and it seemed to do the trick as she was ready to drop the matter and continue where they left off. Later on in the episode, Ethan's father Charles wanted to know what the pair had been up to and the lawyer confessed he didn't think his former stepmother was ready for court. Ethan explained to his father: "I know I shouldn't be coaching her but she insisted I gave her a taste of what it was going to be like in court." DON'T MISS...Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate [COMMENT] "And, how did it go? Think she can handle it ok?" the vicar replied but his son's silence was enough of an answer for him. "That's not a good sign. Is she really that bad?" Charles asked, with his son replying: "In a word, yes. She was shaky, indecisive and her emotions are all over the place." "Doesn't that show she cares?" the churchgoer asked. "To a defence barrister, it shows weakness. All it would take are a few hard questions and I'm scared she's going to break down on the stand," Ethan explained. "Believe me, all that will do will play right into Meena's hands," he added before the closing credits of the episode rolled. Although it seems Ethan could be looking out for his former stepmother, he could be purposely trying to knock down her confidence so she doesn't testify. After discovering his father was visiting Meena in prison, the lawyer could have decided he wanted to see the villain. As they got talking, they both could have realised they had the same goal to make Manpreet suffer as much as she had supposedly made them. Relaying to Ethan a testimony would work against her, Meena could have persuaded the young man to throw her sister off her game. This is what Ethan could have been doing in Tuesday night's episode but viewers will have to wait and see if it does work. If this secret is exposed to the village, Ethan could become just as much as an outcast as Meena has since she was arrested. He could find his father turning on him, his lover Marcus Dean (Darcy Grey) turning his back on him and his career coming crashing down. What could hurt him more is after all this effort, Meena could still go down for life for her crimes and Manpreet could walk away free. However, will the doctor get her revenge for what her former stepson put her through or will she forgive him, having realised how much she hurt him? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.