During the winter months, lawns tend to be forgotten due the colder temperatures and the rate of plant growth slowing down. This can cause it to look unkempt when spring comes around with brown patches and long grass. However, there are plenty of jobs that can be carried out now to bring it back to life, ready for summer. Zach Osta, owner of Sycamore Lawn Care spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk on how to achieve a healthy lawn in time for summer. He recommended that gardeners “scarify” and “aerate" their lawns to prevent the build up of “thatch” and “moss”. Zach said: “Thatch and moss can build up in a lawn over time. “To get it looking good for summer, it's recommended to scarify and aerate it during spring.” Thatch is a layer of dead turf material and contrary to popular belief, it is not formed from the grass leaves that fall into the turf after mowing. READ MORE: Lawn weeds: Mowing is ‘especially effective’ for removing dandelions Thatch forms for several reasons, but the most important is improper fertilisation. When grass is growing properly, it forms new roots, stems and leaves as the old ones die. As long as new grass is formed at about the same rate as the old dies, there will be no thatch accumulation, but when the grass grows faster than the old material can be destroyed, thatch accumulates. The lawn expert continued:  “The scarification process removes thatch build up and moss, allowing new grass room to grow once the weather picks up. “The aeration process improves soil ventilation through the creation of small holes which improve the passage of water and nutrients to the reach the lawn roots.” DON'T MISS: Pruning hydrangeas: ‘Easy’ way to prune these ‘lovely flowers’ [TIPS]Garden fence: How to choose the right colour to paint your fence [INSIGHT]Houseplants: Use eggshells to ‘boost’ the health of your plants [EXPERT] Aeration is essential for treating compacted lawns, which occurs when a garden is used very thoroughly. High footfall areas are the most likely to become compacted. Compaction means the soil itself has been pressed down over time, leading to a lack of air circulating into the soil. This air is necessary to keep the soil moist and healthy, and therefore the grass healthy. While busy lawns become compacted more easily, even lawns that aren't used often will become compacted over time. Zach also advised gardeners to use regular lawn treatments. He said: “Working with a lawn specialist to treat your lawn every season is the best way to ensure green, fluffy, thick grass all year round. “Our treatments are mixed by hand to suit the current weather conditions and the season to ensure they include the correct balance of fertilisers and weed controls.” Often “underestimated”, lawns need regular watering. Zach said: “Spring can bring some dry weather, and for any prolonged hot and dry spells, the grass needs a good watering, just like any other plants in the garden. “This is particularly true just after a scarification.” In order to activate the fertiliser and encourage the germination of new grass seed, the soil needs moisture. Any fallen leaves or debris left behind from autumn should be collected. The lawn expert said: “When the spring weather starts to set in, it's important to rake any remaining autumn leaves from the lawn to keep cool air flowing through the grass. “If leaves are left sat on the lawn for too long they act as an insulating blanket and keep the ground warm, which creates the perfect conditions for lawn disease to take hold.”