Red Bull chief Helmut Marko claims that Charles Leclerc's emerging position as Ferrari's undisputed top dog will make life tough for Max Verstappen in this year's race for the world title. The Austrian believes that a clear pecking order is emerging at the Prancing Horse after just two races this season, meaning they cannot expect point-stealing favours from Carlos Sainz. Despite Verstappen's forced retirement in Bahrain, he and Leclerc showed in Saudi Arabia last time out that they are the top two at present. The final 10 laps in Jeddah hosted a thrilling wheel-to-wheel battle that saw the Red Bull man take the chequered flag first with his Ferrari counterpart less than one second behind. Fans have therefore been treated to a new contest this season after Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton jousted for the crown last time out. The Dutchman was pushed all the way in a gruelling 2021 battle, but a shift in the Ferrari garage means his life may not get any easier. Last year Sainz's Abu Dhabi podium meant he finished ahead of Leclerc over the course of the season, allegedly much to the surprise of those at Ferrari. According to Marko's own interpretation, there has already been a major power shift this time around. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton offered by Saudi Arabian government to sit down over human rights concerns "Last year Sainz beat Leclerc, but this year Leclerc is in top form," he said, per Formel1, "That means we can't expect any support from Sainz. So it will be a situation like ours, where there is a very clear number one driver. "Ferrari has the most universal car. It's quick the first time under all circumstances, with every type of tyre and at every temperature." A reign of Leclerc dominance would leave little opportunity for Sainz to steal points from his team-mate and effectively help out Verstappen on his quest to retain the Drivers' Championship. Although Marko has been quick to write him off, it has hardly been a bad start from the Spaniard who has stood on the podium twice in two races so far. If Sainz proves the doubters wrong then it could hurt his team-mate's bid for individual glory while boosting Ferrari's chances of team success. Mercedes have claimed the last eight Constructors' Championships in a row, but a torrid start to the season has put that streak under threat. Last time out in Jeddah Hamilton stuttered to a 10th-place finish while George Russell came home in fifth. Persistent porpoising issues and experimentation with car set-up saw the seven-time world champion fail to make it out of Q1 for the first time since 2017. Leclerc and Sainz lead the way in the drivers' standings this year having shown pace and consistency over the first two races. Verstappen's Saudi Arabian victory has thrust him right into the mix after retiring in Bahrain, while Ferrari have already racked up more than double the points of any other team.