NBC’s long-running series Law and Order: SVU returned to screens with another tense investigation for the team. This time Olivia Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay) was forced to get more involved than usual and go undercover, which caused a frenzy among fans.  Hargitay made her debut as Benson in the pilot episode which aired in 1999 and has since become a beloved character and a fan favourite. Through the years, Benson has made it her goal to tackle every case and investigate every sexually related crime alongside her team. As a result, the captain has been forced to go undercover a number of times to achieve this goal and successfully close a case. In the most recent episode, titled ‘Eighteen Wheels a Predator’, viewers saw the return of undercover Benson and fans loved every minute of it.  READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts After watching the tense episode viewers took to Twitter and shared their excitement at Benson’s methods. @SVUisntDunDun wrote: “I need more Olivia Benson undercover in my life.” @KevMo7DFo added: “The way Benson pulled her badge out so smooth.” @OliviaxStaber agreed: “I LOVE WHEN CAPTAIN BENSON FLASHES HER BADGE.”  @HLForys tweeted: “That whole scene with casual then business Benson. The cockiness and that sweater. My heart just imploded.” @Hampstead_Susan was impressed: “Benson is so good at this. Slot machine conversation. Love it.” Thursday’s episode saw the team get to action after a young woman named Kayla (Supriya Ganesh) was rushed into the hospital after being brutally sexually assaulted and left for dead. Although she admitted to walking alone while intoxicated, the team found circumstantial evidence which pointed at the bartender and was ready to close the case.  DON'T MISS...Carole Malone erupts in firey election debate over Partygate row [NEWS]Law and Order's Keesh star shares 'weird' moment from on-screen kiss [INSIGHT]Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay mistook Chris Meloni when introduced [INSIGHT] However, they received an eerie call from a man who claimed they arrested the wrong person and had details about the scene which hadn’t been released to the public yet. While they tried to figure out if it was a copycat murder or real culprit, they were informed of another rape he had committed which was very similar to Kayla. The team then pursued this lead when it was revealed the bartender was doing a drug deal at the time of Kayla’s assault. They were able to track down the address of the rapist and they were informed he was at the casino by his wife Wiona Parker (Andrus Nichols)  After Benson and Fin (Ice-T) raced over they found the rapist Aaron Wesley Parker (Trevor Long) on the slot machines. Completely undercover, Benson sat next to him to bait him until Fin and the state police surrounded him. This is when the Captain flashed her badge and revealed she was with the police. Aaron was then arrested for more than 26 rapes in the country. Law and Order SVU is available on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 