Official EastEnders spoilers confirm Frankie (played by Rose Ayling-Ellis) will spot Mick (Danny Dyer) almost kissing Janine (Charlie Brooks). Later, she has a confrontation with Linda (Kellie Bright) but, wanting to keep her dad away from manipulative Janine, it's possible the BBC soap favourite might secretly meet with Linda, convincing her to fight for Mick. If so, how will Mick, who has his sights firmly set on Janine, take the betrayal from his daughter? Frankie spent a few months away from Walford after her fights with sister Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill) turned ugly. She recently came back to The Vic at a time when the Carters were falling apart over Mick and Linda's marriage and the discovery of Tina Carter's (Luisa Bradshaw-White) body. The family has been pleased to have her back during a difficult period, but Mick has been struggling with his feelings for Janine and how to be open with his family about it. Nancy and Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) have both voiced their concerns about the untrustworthy Janine, but Frankie hasn't been around to see what's been going on. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? In upcoming episodes, Frankie catches Janine and Mick almost kissing and a flustered Mick does his best to hide what was happening. Sonia Jackson (Natalie Cassidy) is shocked when Janine tells her about her relationship with Mick and warns Janine that he and Linda are made for each other. With Sonia’s words playing on her mind, Janine decides to end things with Mick. Back at The Vic, a hungover Linda arrives demanding to speak to Mick. This ends up leaving Frankie to cover the bar alone, but Linda's hope for a nice chat with Mick are soon thwarted. When she starts to drink again, Linda becomes nasty and the situation gets out of hand. She begins attacking Frankie with some harsh words and Mick overhears the conversation. Furious, he snaps at Linda, putting his foot down and insisting enough is enough. Mick is likely to end things for good with Linda following this latest incident, but most of the Square are still rooting for him and Linda to work things out. Janine has a lot of enemies and the Carters will have heard how she has treated previous love interests, so will probably be concerned for Mick. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Nancy Carter proposes to Zack Hudson? [THEORY]Disney descending down 'far-left rabbit hole' blasts GB News' Wootton [VIDEO]Simone Ashley hints Kate will 'let go' in Bridgerton season 3 [INTERVIEW] Although Linda was harsh with Frankie, the latter probably realises it was the drink talking. Janine was also the one to get Linda to start drinking again in a cruel scheme to win Mick off her. Frankie often tries to fix things for the family, and previously followed Nancy during her mysterious trips just to help Mick and Linda find out what she was up to. It's possible she will go behind Mick's back to speak to Linda properly and warn her to fight against Janine to fix things with Mick. Although Janine ended things out of fear following Sonia's words, if she hears Mick and Linda seem to be officially over, she will probably step in again. Frankie might help Linda to get sober and look for ways to win Mick's trust back. Mick seems to have made up his mind about Linda though, and the once-perfect couple seem to have reached a point of no return. With Janine distracting him from his pain recently and being there for him through his grief, he seems to think she has changed from the person people remember her as. It seems as though Mick is ready to move on from Linda and try to find some happiness with Janine. Although Frankie's heart is in the right place, if he finds out about her betrayal he isn't likely to be happy. Furthermore, Linda will end up getting hurt if she believes she has a chance to get back together with Mick when in fact he only has eyes for Janine. Will Mick end up lashing out as Frankie and explaining to the family that he and Janine are serious? Fans of the soap have been devastated to see Linda and Mick's relationship fall apart, so any hope of the two getting back together might be promising for viewers. Mick doesn't appreciate being lied to though, so Frankie might find herself being alienated by the family. Eastenders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.