Manchester United should "forget Erik ten Hag" and appoint Diego Simeone instead, according to Gabriel Agbonlahor. The ex-Aston Villa star says Simeone would help get the best out of United's defenders as well as add steel to the current squad. Ajax boss Ten Hag is the favourite to become the next permanent boss at Old Trafford. The Dutchman was interviewed for the role last month. But Agbonlahor insists Simeone would be the better candidate for United. Simeone has been in charge of Atletico Madrid since 2011 and has a contract at the Wanda Metropolitano until 2024. Agbonlahor says the Argentine would help United in a couple of key areas. He said on talkSPORT: "[Harry] Maguire's not been at his best but [Saturday] Varane was playing like he was 40. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick explains four demands he’s made as Glazers face crunch time  "I don't know if he's 28 or 29 but he can't get used to the Premier League. Manchester United, if I was Manchester United now, forget Ten Hag, go and get Simeone. "Someone with a bit about him, a bit of steel, that can sort out these Big Time Charlies in this Manchester United team." Agbonlahor is not the only former player to have suggested Simeone as a potential candidate. United legend Gary Neville also thinks the 51-year-old should be considered by Old Trafford chiefs. Speaking on a Sky Sports Q&A, Neville said: "Diego Simeone should be a candidate, but it’s never been achievable to get him out of Atletico Madrid. "He is wedded in there, he is tied. But it would be brilliant to see him in the Premier League, you saw [against United], I’ve seen it many times – I got beaten 2-0 in Valencia by his brilliant Atletico Madrid team that Griezmann was in before he went to Barcelona. DON'T MISSTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle win [GOSSIP]Liverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader' [REACTION]David Ginola pretends to walk off Sky Sports set after being 'set a trap' [TV]  "Fantastic coach, brutal in how he approaches the game, I think in every single way. He’s tough, and Manchester United need a tough manager. "Manchester United need a manager who can compete with Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola – they’re the best, so they need someone who can stand on that touchline and feel equal to them and I think Simeone could. "I wouldn’t rule Simeone out at all, but I think Ten Hag and [Mauricio] Pochettino would be the way forward because they’ll want a progressive coach that plays a certain way, that probably is a little bit cheaper and available."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here