This comes as mounting allegations of war crimes have been levelled at the Russian leader. In a radio dispatch, intercepted by Ukraine's security service (SBU), a Russian soldier details the positions of non-combatants to nearby troops. A superior officer can then be heard saying: "Take them all f***ing out". He doubled down on his instructions after being informed by the soldier that the people were dressed in "civilian clothes", saying: "Off them all, f***!" This comes as Ukrainian security services have warned that Moscow is allegedly planning a false flag attack on Mariupol, where they will accuse Ukraine of committing atrocities against their own people. In a statement, the SBU said: "The main task of Russian propaganda today is to divert the attention of the audience, both international and domestic, as much as possible. "According to existing data, the occupiers are preparing a large-scale falsification: they plan to collect the bodies of Mariupol residents killed by the Russians themselves, and present them as mass victims of the Ukrainian troops. "For this reason, there have been false theses recently that Ukrainians use peaceful residents as human shields." The audio clip, which was published to the SBU's official Facebook account, also includes another soldier complaining about being outnumbered by Ukrainians. He says: "Their group has 150,000 soldiers and there's f*** 3,000 of us... "They are on the left, right, encircling us, f***! READ MORE: The war crimes are stacking up: Putin accused of genocide in Ukraine "There's so many of them and few of us. "We don't have any support, no aviation, not a f***ing thing!" Earlier this week, images showed the bodies of Ukrainian civilians lying on the streets of Bucha and the outskirts of Kyiv. In the satellite imagery from Bucha, some civilians had their hands tied behind their backs, while others had gunshot wounds to the head. DON'T MISS: Orban revolts against West as Hungary will pay Putin for gas in RUBLES [REVEAL] Putin's conscription will 'turn Russian cities into coffins' [INSIGHT] Russian oligarchs have lost £1.5billion worth of yachts in Europe [ANALYSIS] Russia's Ministry of Defence denied responsibility, suggesting the bodies had been placed on the streets after "all Russian units withdrew completely from Bucha" on March 30. They claimed the images were "another hoax", calling for a UN Security Council meeting to discuss "provocations of Ukrainian radicals". But a New York Times analysis of the images showed that the bodies were actually lying on the streets for weeks. According to their analysis, bodies appeared on the street between March 9 and March 11. Hitting at out Putin for the actions of his army, Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba, said Russia was "worse than Isis". UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said the UK will "continue to step up military, economic and diplomatic support, including further ramping up sanctions to increase the economic pressure on Putin’s war machine, while Russian troops remain on Ukrainian territory". He added that the images were "yet more evidence that Putin and his army are committing war crimes in Ukraine". Meanwhile, US secretary of state, Antony Blinken, described the killings at Bucha as "a punch to the gut".