The Australian High Commissioner to the UK George Brandis, 64, who is leaving London after four years, said that a narrative of negativity about Britain’s past had engulfed Whitehall. He stated the UK had “a lot of moral authority in faraway places”, and encouraged us to remember the legacy of the British Empire when facing Putin and the growing influence of China. Mr Brandis also predicted the monarchy would remain in Australia during his lifetime. He added Prince Charles would make “a very fine head of state”. At an event hosted by think tank the British Foreign Policy Group, Mr Brandis celebrated Britain’s imperial past despite the atrocities committed over its history. He said: “I wish the self-lacerating classes in Britain would realise that the world respects their own country a lot more than a lot of them do. “There are some members of the commentariat, possibly some members of the Foreign Office, who are almost guilty about Britain’s imperial past and think that notions like the Commonwealth should be uttered sotto voce. “Among the small island states of the South Pacific, Britain is loved, the Queen is loved. “All of the majesty of the British state is admired in those small nations, which are now a very critical part of the world because they are an object for Chinese ambition.” Britain’s imperial history has sparked controversy for the Royal family in recent months, with Kate and Williams’ trip to the Caribbean met with protests calling for reparations. More recently, Caribbean locals branded the Earl and Countess of Wessex “oligarchs” as they visited the country, demanding slavery reparations and a full apology for past “crimes against humanity.” Mr Brandis went on to argue Britain’s lost pride in its history had been injected some life by Boris Johnson, explaining his historic majority in 2019. He said the reason was the “sense of confidence he projected in a country that had seemed to lose its confidence and almost lose its way”. READ MORE: Benidorm chaos as foul-mouthed row erupts on bus to hotel [INSIGHT] This mirrors the explanations for 2016’s Brexit vote by commentators such as Matthew Goodwin, who argued the referendum represented a fight back from British people who felt their national pride was not reflected by the London metropolitan elite who he claims dominate the media. Following Barbados’s decision to remove the Queen as its head of state in November, Mr Brandis predicted that the monarchy would continue to survive in Australia. He said: “I think Prince Charles will be a very fine monarch and a fine head of state of Australia. “He loves Australia, he’s been there 17 times. “He has a true emotional connection with Australia.” DON'T MISS: Princess Eugenie's new announcement as royal follows Meghan and Harry [REVEAL]Prince Harry 'refuses to bend' on Camilla title [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: William 'predicted category 5 tantrum' [ANALYSIS] Co-operation between liberal democracies emerged as a key theme throughout the former diplomat’s speech, arguing that the invasion of Ukraine and Chinese expansionism showed how important it was. He pointed specifically to an agreement between Britain, Australia and the US to develop hypersonic missiles. The technology allows missiles to fly close to the ground at more than five times the speed of sound, enabling them to avoid detection by ground-based radar. Russia claimed to have used a “Kinzhal” hypersonic missile in Ukraine last month, and China tested one capable of carrying nuclear weapons last year.