Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s new Energy Security Strategy, aimed at combatting soaring global prices in the face of a Russian invasion of Ukraine, relies on Scotland for boosting the UK’s energy transition. Aside from Scotland’s massive wind potential, the region is also bordering on the North Sea, where the Government plans to issue new drilling licenses for oil and gas exploration. The statement read: “Our ambitious plans also include a licensing round for new North Sea oil and gas projects planned to launch this Autumn, with a new taskforce providing bespoke support to new developments – recognising the importance of these fuels to the transition and to our energy security, and that producing gas in the UK has a lower carbon footprint than imported from abroad.”    Reports from the Government estimate that 7.9 billion barrels of oil reserves and resources remain under the North Sea, along with 560 billion cubic metres of gas. Fossil fuel energy projects in the North Sea have been the subject of controversy in the past, with the proposed Cambo oilfield facing a lot of backlash from climate activists who argued that the project will hamper the UK’s net-zero promises. After facing heavy opposition from climate change protestors, the development of the oil field was put on hold when Shell pulled out. However, Dr Bridget Woodman, Senior lecturer in the Deputy Director Energy Policy Group, University of Exeter believes that the new energy strategy could incentivise Shell to reopen the oilfield and resume its development.    Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said:  “Yes, I think this [Energy Security Strategy] will restart the Cambo project. “Shell pulled out of it last year for economic rather than political or climate reasons and now that the price of oil has risen, as well as overt government support for more offshore development, I’m pretty sure they’ll re-engage with the project and that it will go ahead. “The strategy isn’t about getting Cambo off the ground, it’s about ensuring that even more offshore oil and gas is developed beyond that." This will come as a blow to Ms Sturgeon, as she has continued her opposition to the oilfield, arguing that renewable energy is the key to reducing the continent's reliance on Russian gas. READ MORE: Sturgeon humiliated: Plot to block North Sea drilling thwarted    Over the past few years, Ms Sturgeon and the SNP have flip-flopped over North Sea oil exploration Previously, the party used the phrase "It's Scotland's oil" as a rallying cry for Scottish Independence, arguing that revenues generated from North Sea exploration would not benefit Scotland as long as it remained a part of the United Kingdom. However last year, facing pressure from climate activists, Ms Sturgeon said that the proposed Cambo oil field off Shetland "should not get the green light". A spokesperson for Shell told Express.co.uk that their position on Cambo remains unchanged for now. DON'T MISS: UK makes another 'stunning' nuclear fusion breakthrough: World-first’ [REVEAL] Putin's plot to hold Germany to ransom could end in disaster [INSIGHT] Energy crisis: UK unveils 'urgent' £375m energy package to slash bills [REPORT]    Meanwhile, Prof Neil Strachan, Director of the UCL Bartlett School of Environment Energy & Resources, told Express.co.uk: “I do not think that the return of the Cambo oil field is very likely. 