David Beckham, 46, posted a special message to his son Brooklyn Beckham, 23, on Instagram today, as he wished the aspiring chef a "lifetime of happiness" with his wife Nicola Peltz, 27. The former footballer uploaded an adorable snap with his three boys - Brooklyn, 23, Romeo, 19, and Cruz, 17 - who were dressed smartly ahead of the ceremony held at the Peltz family mega-mansion in Palm Beach. The men looked fashionable as David, Romeo and Cruz donned a traditional black bow tie, while groom Brooklyn wowed in a white bow tie. Alongside the photo, David typed: "My beautiful boys & a very proud dad... Congratulations Bust on a lifetime of happiness, we will always be by your side @brooklynbeckham @romeobeckham @cruzbeckham we love you @victoriabeckham."(sic) Bust is David’s affectionate name for his eldest son. The image had earlier been shared by Brooklyn himself who simply captioned it: "The boys." READ MORE: Gemma Atkinson on TV return as she talks 'sacked' co-star  Romeo has since uploaded it to his own Instagram account too, following in his brother's footsteps with his words. He added his congratulations to the happy couple by posting the snap of the Beckham boys and penning: "The boys [black heart emoji] congratulations @brooklynbeckham @nicolaannepeltz." Cruz also took to Instagram to show his love and support for the newlyweds and shared some snaps from the big day, alongside some red heart emojis. Proud mum Victoria also "welcomed" Nicola into the Beckham family after posting a snap of the couple on their wedding day and penning: "Congratulations Mr and Mrs Beckham X Welcome to the family.” In a separate photo shared by David, Nicola and Brooklyn looked every inch an A-list couple as they took to the dance floor at their wedding reception. The Transformers actress looked chic in a satin white dress with delicate lace gloves, keeping her hair simple in a half-up look. Fans swooned over the pair in the comment section. Pppiccioli said: “Congratulations to all the family.” DONT MISS:A Place In The Sun's Craig Rowe 'sore' after pole dancing injury (PHOTOS)Justin Thomas says he and partner Jillian banned phones from wedding (NEWS)Lewis Hamilton jumps out of plane days before Grand Prix (LATEST) Kellykeats remarked: “Congratulations @brooklynbeckham @nicolaannepeltz @davidbeckham show us a pic of the mother of the groom.” Ruth__mrs typed: “Mazal Tov.” It comes as the newly married couple enjoyed a lavish £3million wedding – which was full to the brim with A-list stars.  Proud parents David and Victoria, their close pal Gordon Ramsay, tennis star Serena Williams and actress Eva Longoria were all in attendance at the glitzy event. Even Brooklyn's mum's former Spice Girls co-stars Mel B and Mel C were at the ceremony – although Geri Horner and Emma Bunton were unable to make it to Florida. The stunning ceremony took place at Nicola’s billionaire parents’ £71million estate in Palm Beach, with the couple getting married by a Rabbi, beneath a flower-garlanded chuppah to honour Nicola’s Jewish heritage. Brooklyn’s family played a key role at the wedding – with his 10-year-old sister Harper Seven stepping up as a bridesmaid, and 19-year-old Romeo and 17-year-old Cruz as joint best men.