Jamie Redknapp, 48, took to social media last night to share a rare snap of his baby son, Raphael. The former footballer shared his excitement over the Masters as he proclaimed it was going to be “the best weekend”. Jamie Redknapp, 48, took to social media last night to share a rare snap of his baby son, Raphael. The former footballer shared his excitement over the Masters as he proclaimed it was going to be “the best weekend”.   In the picture Jamie could be seen smiling as he cradled Raphael, who was wearing a green jumper and tiny golf shoes. In the picture Jamie could be seen smiling as he cradled Raphael, who was wearing a green jumper and tiny golf shoes. In view of his 1.4 million Instagram followers, Jamie wrote the caption: “The smile that says it’s masters weekend and Man City against Liverpool. (sic) “Got my green jumper and golf shoes on and I am ready to rumble.” (sic) The Sky Sports pundit concluded: “Gonna be the best weekend.” (sic) Reacting to the post featuring her son, Frida commented: “This lil guy makes us all smile.” Fans of the sportsman also took to the comments section as they gushed over the tot. Christine.owens1953 wrote: “Cutie. Hope those are Sketchers Raphi is wearing!!” Heather.vale typed: “Gorgeous boy and now looking like his Mummy.” Cgrieve2106 added: “Bless him so cute enjoy the sport with your daddy.” Jamie recently spoke out on fatherhood and becoming a dad again 17 years after welcoming his first son. Speaking on The One Show last month, Jamie reflected upon his years as a dar following Raphael’s birth in November last year. The sportsman explained he had been talking to fellow guest James Bay about fatherhood before appearing on the programme. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley proposed to wife Judy three weeks into 'affair'  [INSIGHT]'Same Academy took 40 years to ban Polanski' Piers Morgan slams Oscars [LATEST]Will Smith begs Jada Pinkett not to film him in heated unearthed video [UPDATE] He said: “We’ve just been talking about it, it’s the most incredible experience. “To do it 17 years ago with my oldest Charlie and Beau, 13 and now Rafael, five months. “It’s amazing! You know what it’s like Alex [Jones]. It’s been a joy, it really has.” Jamie married his girlfriend Frida at Chelsea Registry Office in London last October. The couple went on to announce the birth of their son Raphael on 24 November 2021. Jamie was previously married to former Eternal singer Louise Redknapp between 1998 and 2017. The former couple share two sons: Charley, 16, and Beau, 12. Frida already had four children of her own with her ex-husband Jonathan Lourie, 58.