In a set of bumper polls that ran from 1pm on Friday, April 8, to 3pm on Monday, April 11, Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on whether a win for Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen in the French presidential elections would be better for Brexit Britain and if France is still an ally of Britain.  First Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think a second Macron term will be bad for Brexit Britain?” This question gathered 4,924 responses with the vast majority – 93 percent (4,556 people) – answering “yes”, a second term for Mr Macron would be bad for Brexit Britain. Meanwhile, six percent of voters (306 people) said “no” and a further one percent (62 people) said they did not know either way. Mr Macron has a history of making his views about the UK’s departure from the European Union known. In 2017 he described Brexit as a “crime”, and in 2021, accused UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson of making France a "scapegoat" for Brexit. Following the results of the first round of the French election, Mr Macron faces a run-off against far-right candidate Marine Le Pen on April 24. Next, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think a Le Pen win would better serve Britain?” In total, 4,892 people answered this question with the dominant answer – chosen by 72 percent of respondents (3,504 people) – being “yes”. A further 10 percent (510 people) said “no”, a win for Ms Le Pen would not better serve Britain and 18 percent (878 people) said they did not know. Ms Le Pen was once a supporter of France leaving the EU, promising a referendum on “Frexit” but since losing the presidential election in 2017, she now backs a reforming of the EU alliance. This all culminated in Express.co.uk asking its final question of the poll: “Is France still an ally of Britain?” A total of 4,901 people voted on this question with the overwhelming majority – 76 percent (3,745 people) saying “no”, France is not still an ally of Britain. In addition, 12 percent (578 people) said “yes” and a further 12 percent (578 people) said they did not know. In his New Year’s Eve address in December 2020, Mr Macron said: “The United Kingdom remains our neighbour, but also our friend and ally. “This choice to leave Europe, this Brexit, was the child of the European malaise and of many lies and false promises.” Tensions between Britain and France have remained fraught during Brexit negotiations. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers expressing their thoughts on the French presidential election and its impact on Brexit Britain. Username DisgustedofEnnis said: “A second term for Macron will be bad for Britain, bad for France, and bad for the EU.” And username edward coulson said: “Macron is certainly no friend of Britain.” DON'T MISS:Le Pen joins Macron in next round despite Eurosceptic Melenchon 'breathing down her neck' [ANALYSIS]‘France is unhappy place like UK in 1970s - Paris is a foreign country’ Farage's verdict [VIDEO]French election results visualised: Everything you need to know in maps and charts [VISUALISED] Others thought that Britain would be better with Ms Le Pen as French President. Username EURJoking said: “Brexit Britain would do well, despite Macron. But it would do better with Le Pen.” Username morsecode said: “Le Pen [would be] much better for the UK than Macron.” Meanwhile, some thought that Britain would be fine under either leader but the same could not be said for France. Username KateN wrote: “Never mind bad for Brexit, another term under Macron will be disastrous for France!” Username mfj2305 said: “It will certainly be bad for France, Britain will be fine either way.” And username Omoni007 said: “Not really an issue as to whether it is bad for the UK, it will definitely be bad for France that's for sure. Many commented that France is not an ally of Britain with username Cautiously Optimistic writing: “France has never been an ally to the UK!”