Manchester United star Nemanja Matic has taken a leaf out of former boss Jose Mourinho's books after taunting Arsenal fans about how many league titles he has won in comparison to the Gunners.  Arsenal fans were delirious when their side went 3-1 up thanks to a wonder strike from Granit Xhaka. The Gunners effectively ended United's top four hopes and boosted their own with the win, which was impressive given that tensions were high at the Emirates Stadium. Bruno Fernandes' missed penalty, multiple tight VAR calls, high stakes and the already intense rivalry between the two clubs meant that the 60,000-seater stadium was essentially a cauldron. As the game wore down, Arsenal fans started to goad the United players, with many winding them up knowing their fate had almost been sealed. And when trying to wind up Matic, the Serbian fired back with a '3-0' gesture - in reference to how many league titles he had won whilst Arsenal had none for 18 years. Arsenal fans were seen counting the score to the former Chelsea star, who is set to leave the club in the summer transfer window. But in superb fashion, he copied old boss Mourinho by reminding them of the three trophies he had won at Stamford Bridge with Arsenal's bitter rivals. "Do you know what the result was?" Mourinho famously opened after United lost 3-0 to Tottenham back in 2018. "3-0. 3-0. Do you know what this means? 3-0. But it also means three Premierships, and I [have also] won more Premierships alone than the other 19 managers together. "Three for me and two for them. Respect, respect, respect!" United are likely to play in the Europa League next season, missing out on the Champions League as a result. But Ralf Rangnick said there were positive signs about the club's performance despite the loss all but ending their season. “Improved performance but poor result," Rangnick said after the game.  "I think we created enough chances to score more than that one goal, and we bounced back well to that early goal that we conceded where again we didn’t defend well inside and around our own box. "This was the only negative issue regarding today’s game but after coming back from 2-0 down we had numerous chances, the penalty, the crossbar, we hit the post twice and a few VAR decisions, and that’s putting it in an extremely mild way, we were unlucky. "That’s why we are very disappointed about the result but our overall performances was much better.” 