Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp will need to decide whether or not he can rest Mohamed Salah as the Reds prepare to face Benfica in the second leg of their Champions League tie. The Premier League outfit already have one foot in the semi-final having recorded a brilliant 3-1 win in Portugal, and Klopp could choose to make a couple of changes to ensure his side remain competitive in all three of their competitions. The Reds can still win three more trophies this season to add to the EFL Cup they lifted in February. They remain on the toes of Manchester City in the Premier League table after Sunday’s 2-2 draw between the two teams. Klopp’s side can also win the Champions League and the FA Cup, with the German potentially having an eye on Saturday’s semi-final against City. The head coach will likely make a few changes to the team that drew with the top-flight leaders last weekend and has a big decision to make over Salah. Here is how Express Sport thinks Liverpool might start against Benfica. Alisson is the undisputed No 1 at Liverpool and will surely start this game, despite Caoimhin Kelleher possibly putting forward a strong argument for game time in a weaker team. The Brazilian made a couple of key saves to keep his side in the Premier League title race at the Etihad Stadium. JUST IN: Man Utd target Milinkovic-Savic 'destined to leave' Lazio this summer Centre-backs Ibrahima Konate and Virgil van Dijk were given a tough time by Benfica’s Darwin Nunez in the first leg. The Uruguayan - who is reportedly wanted by a few Premier League clubs - scored the hosts’ goal early in the second half. But Konate could come back in to partner Van Dijk after missing out on a start in the crunch City clash three days ago. After all, it was the Frenchman who scored the important second goal in Portugal.  Klopp has frequently rotated his midfield this season and could do so again on Wednesday. Jordan Henderson could be the only survivor from the midfield that drew with City. Naby Keita started the first leg and could come back into the side after a cameo appearance on Sunday. He could line up alongside Curtis Jones, who earned a rare appearance in the 2-0 win over Watford two weeks ago. DON'T MISS...Man Utd suffer £12m transfer blow as suitors perform Pereira U-turnMan Utd target Milinkovic-Savic 'destined to leave' Lazio this summerMan City boss Pep Guardiola claims he'd relegate Leeds Attackers: Mane, Firmino, Diaz Klopp’s biggest selection dilemma comes in attack. Salah, who seems a little affected by his contract dilemma, has not scored from open play in his last 10 appearances for club and country. A taxing few months that have seen him lose the African Cup of Nations and miss out on a World Cup place with Egypt. It could be worth Klopp giving the 29-year-old a break. That could see Luis Diaz - the scorer of Liverpool’s third in the first leg - come back into the team on the wing. Roberto Firmino could replace Diogo Jota.   