Around 50,000 fans flocked to the Merseyside meeting under sizzling sunshine and blue skies. And plenty of “fillies” triumphed in the ­fashion stakes, with well chosen fascinators leading by a short head. It was a welcome return for Ladies Day after the pandemic had kept punters away for the last two years. The showbiz stars were back too, with Claire Sweeney and former Coronation Street favourite Helen Flanagan among the front runners. Two sisters looked a picture arriving with their father, after missing their annual trip during 2020 and 2021. Sally Smith, 26, of Huyton, Liverpool, is an emergency services worker and looked ultra-cool in huge shades, dressed all in black, with a gauze fascinator from Accessorize and Bardot dress from PrettyLittleThing with matching heels. She said: “I’m so thrilled to be here after the last two years as it was always an annual event. Now the sun is shining and it’s such a beautiful day. I’m so excited to be back. “I’ve planned my outfit for the last few months and decided on black. I’m back in black!” Sister Amy, 32, works for the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine, and also lives in Huyton. She came in a pink floral Chi-Chi London dress with a fascinator from Katie Mangan. Amy said: “We’ve come with our dad so the day’s on him! “Seeing so many people here together looking stunning is great for the city and the racecourse. This is why Ladies Day isso special.” Reagan Markwick, 21, an eyelash technician from Preston, said the return of Ladies Day had revived her business after a two-year pandemic nightmare. She said: “It has been unbelievable. “I’ve been so busy this week. Ladies Day has saved me. “During Covid my work dropped from seven days a weekto two. Sometimes I couldn’tdo anything. “Nobody was seeing anyone or going anywhere. But this week has been incredible. “It’s brilliant to come to Ladies Day and see everybody looking so glamorous. “I feel like I’ve played a small part in that. It’s so exciting.” Financial adviser Lara Ainsworth, 22, from Liverpool, said she felt nervous about going out dressed up. She said: “I was at the last Ladies Day in front of crowds three years ago and I was honestly ­starting to wonder if I’d ever get to go to another. It feels really strange to get all glammed up. I’ve not done it for so long. “I was so nervous. I can’t remember feeling as anxious about anything for ages. But as soon as I got here and saw everyone else looking so amazing my nerves went. It feels like the funstarts here.” Many of the women showed their backing for Ukraine by dressing in the colours of the nation’s flag, including Claire Dixon, from Whitehaven, Cumbria. The 41-year-old nuclear power station worker bought her royal blue dress from high street retailer Coast and paired it with a blue and yellow hat and yellow handbag. She said: “I’m very supportive of the Ukrainian people and happy to show it.” Michelle Mutch, 54, wore a blue outfit from Liverpool designer Mark Melia. Asked if she had any tips for the day, she added: “Win plenty, drink plenty and have fun.” The coveted prize of “best dressed” saw one woman take home a £500 Never Fully Dressed or £300 House of Cavani voucher, plus a £5,000 cash prize and spa break. Meanwhile, bookies fear red-hot favourite Snow Leopardess could spark the biggest payout in the Grand National’s 183-year history, as experts predict the mare will be the first mother to win the race. The 7/1 favourite could cost bookmakers £30million across the industry if she wins the big race. The Grand National starts at 5.15pm today.