Emma Raducanu has been told to prepare for a "tough summer" as she builds towards playing at Wimbledon. Raducanu, 19, made her Grand Slam decut at SW19 last year, upsetting the odds to reach the fourth round before she retired from her match with Ajla Tomljanovic, citing breathing difficulties. But it was at the US Open in September where she really rose to prominence. The 19-year-old embarked on her very own 'fairytale of New York' in Flushing Meadows, coming through qualifying to then reach the final without even losing a set. She continued that form against fellow teen Leylah Fernandez, becoming the first qualifier in history to win a Slam. It all contributed towards a year which saw her rise more than 200 places in the world rankings and be crowned BBC Sports Personality of the Year. But she has struggled to replicate the same form since, with a quarter-final appearance at the Transylvania Open representing her best tournament post-September. Regardless, she'll head into Wimbledon in late June as one of the star attractions. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal congratulates Novak Djokovic conqueror Davidovich Fokina for Monte Carlo run And now LTA CEO Scott Lloyd has warned her of the extra scrutiny that she'll be subjected to iat the grass-court tournament in n June and July: “It’s going to be in some ways a very tough year, a tough summer for her, in terms of her profile," he said, via The Sun. “It’s only a year ago she was sitting her A-Levels. Emma needs to try to find what works for her in terms of how she navigates the Tour and the travelling, domestic tournaments or internationally. “It’s about getting into a pattern of where she wants to play in the lead-up to a Grand Slam. She doesn’t know that yet. She has a long way to go in terms of starting to find herself and learn what works for her to deliver optimal performances." DON'T MISS:Greg Rusedski snubs Alexander Zverev as he names his four favourites to win French OpenNovak Djokovic discovers results he needs to avoid Daniil Medvedev stealing No 1 spotAlejandro Davidovich Fokina backs up Novak Djokovic defeat with Roger Federer record Scott however, is confident Raducanu has the mentality to overcome the expecations, praising her "incredible maturity" and backing her to win further honours. “It’s a development period, it’s a learning experience, but she is in a good place. She knows what she wants to try and do," he added. "She is an incredible tennis player. I’m sure she will go on to many more successes in the years to come.”