Starz’s gripping political drama Gaslit has finally hit the screens to give viewers an insight into the 1970s Watergate Scandal. Ahead of its release, Dan Stevens, who portrayed former White House counsel John Dean, shared the real reason why he refused to meet the politician.  With Julia Roberts leading the cast as Martha Mitchell, Gaslit transported viewers back to the 1970s, at the height of one of the biggest political scandals. The modern take on the scandal was based on the first season of the podcast Slow Burn by Leon Neyfakh. The series, which premiered on Sunday, focused on the several untold stories and forgotten characters of those affected by the Watergate scandal. A-listers, including Sean Penn, were featured in the series which provided a fresh perspective of the political espionage which led to the resignation of Richard Nixon.  READ MORE: Esther Rantzen fumes as Queen is criticised for leaning on Andrew As well as being the White House counsel, John Dean was also known for his role in the cover-up of the Watergate scandal where he lied to protect Nixon. According to Deadline, the actor Dan revealed he changed his mind about sitting down with the counsel turned news pundit. Dan told the British Press he was keen to sit down with John, who “still polarises opinion for his role in the Nixon-period scandal”. However, he decided against it when news about their meeting reached the lawyers.  The actor told The Guardian: “I was keen to sit down with him. “Then I was told I’d have to speak with Universal’s lawyers in advance, which I didn’t want to do; I didn’t think it would make the meal taste particularly nice.” As the series continues, viewers will see Martha Mitchell, wife of John Mitchell, the United States Attorney General, reveal the truth about the scandal. As she was the first person to bust the case wide open which eventually led her to face a misogynistic smear campaign from the White House.  DON'T MISS...Martha Mitchel: Forgotten victim of Watergate scandal in the spotlight [INSIGHT]Dan Stevens looks drastically different from Downton Abbey days [INSIGHT]Dan Stevens stuns BBC's One Show with Boris rant 'Idiots!' [INSIGHT] Although, the scandal took the world by storm as she was up against the entire White House and was painted as a ditzy wife and socialite. Despite this, Martha’s motivation to expose the Watergate conspiracy was a major threat to her husband’s career. As result, he then used reprehensible tactics to discredit her claims, which included being labelled as “paranoid,” because she was a “woman of a certain age”. Ahead of Gaslit’s release, the Creator, Executive Producer and Showrunner Robbie Pickering shared his motivation behind adapting the scandal into a highly anticipated TV series.  Robbie disclosed: “The goal in making this project has always been to bring a real humanity to this subject, which yields a far richer and more relatable story than the standard male-driven political dramas about the period. “I can’t wait for viewers to experience the extraordinary performances in this remarkable ensemble, led by Julia Roberts, brought to life in this thrilling, stranger-than-fiction tale of marriage, love, betrayal, and ultimately, hope.” Gaslit also stars Betty Gilpin as Mo Dean, Shea Whigham as G. Gordon Liddy, and Darby Camp as Marty Mitchel. Gaslit is available in the US on Starz and in the UK on Starzplay. 