Jurgen Klopp has detailed Liverpool's title chances after their scrappy 2-0 win at Watford brought them to the summit of the Premier League for at least a couple of hours - with the German calling it the 'most important competition' that the Reds are currently fighting for.  Goals from Diogo Jota and Fabinho gave the Reds yet another win as they made it 10 consecutive victories in the Premier League. Their performance was not up to usual standard with attacking stars Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino failing to impress, but their prowess and ability showed as they broke down a resolute Hornets side. They remain in the hunt for the first English quadruple ever, having won the Carabao Cup in February and remaining in the hunt for the FA Cup and Champions League, on top of their strong top-flight showing. Fans are understandably excited at the prospect of the immense feat, and the win over Roy Hodgson's side will give them increased belief that they can achieve greatness. But Klopp remained grounded about their chances of doing so whilst also stating that the Premier League was the 'most important competition'. "A big two months hopefully," Klopp said. "This week can decide a lot about how May will be. The boys created a top-class basis and now we have to use it. It's a tricky one. "There's a reason why it's so difficult to win one trophy. Take it game by game. Take it 100% in each game. Hopefully keep all the boys fit and make changes between games. "The Premier League is the most important competition." The result leaves Watford stranded in the relegation zone, three points behind Everton having played three games more. But Klopp praised them for their efforts, describing the Hertfordshire-based side as 'organised'. "I really think it was a performance there in the right moments," Klopp said about his side. "The first goal was really nice play. "Credit to Watford and to Roy. He can really organise the team. Everybody knew what place he had to close to make it difficult. We could have done better but after two weeks not together and the early kick-off it's really tricky. But all teams have the same problems.   