Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has reportedly sounded out Valencia star Carlos Soler as his next transfer target ahead of the summer transfer window as the Reds look to strengthen their midfield.  The Reds are still in the hunt for a quadruple, meaning they are an interesting proposition for players across the world. Having fared poorly last season due to injuries, Klopp's men have started to show just how good they are this season by competing on all fronts. However, that could have been strengthened by replacing Giorginio Wijnaldum in the summer, who left on a free transfer to Paris Saint-Germain. Harvey Elliott was expected to fill in in that role, but an ankle injury sustained in September meant that the Reds have been light in midfield until recently. Soler would also act as an option for the front three, given that he specialises by playing on the wing as well as being a superb midfield player. And according to Gols, Klopp could turn to the Valencia star to plug the gap and push for even greater success next season. JUST IN: Roma ‘learn Man Utd already have Boubacar Kamara transfer agreement' The report states that Valencia have been trying to tie Soler down to a new contract ahead of next season, given he has just one year left on his contract. However, talks have not progressed and Soler even turned down a renewal in January to stay at his hometown club. The offer was worth over £60,000-a-week, but Soler has deemed the contract as insufficient. And Liverpool could swoop in to steal him away from the Spanish giants and strengthen their own ranks. The move would be a surprise as it has sprung up quickly and out of nowhere - much like the transfers of Diogo Jota and Luis Diaz. And if Soler can replicate the form the attacking duo have produced in their time on Merseyside, Liverpool will have unearthed yet another bargain. DON'T MISS  Soler, 25, has spent his entire career at Valencia having been scouted at the age of eight. He made his debut in 2016 and has been a mainstay in the first-team ever since. The Spain international has made 213 appearances for Los Che, scoring 33 goals in the process - although he has really come into his own recently with 22 of those coming in the last 18 months. His performances piqued the attention of Luis Enrique, who gave him his debut against Sweden in August - and the star duly rewarded him with a goal after just four minutes.