Dehydrated drivers are considered to be as dangerous on the road as someone over the alcohol limit, according to a study published in the scientific journal Physiology and Behavior, featured in the Wall Street Journal. Therefore, it now means that it is essential for motorists to stay adequately hydrated when embarking on lengthy journeys. According to research by Loughborough University, motorists who are even slightly dehydrated may struggle behind the wheel. This in turn can lead to errors that could potentially jeopardise the safety of passengers, drivers, and other motorists on the road. Not drinking enough water can lead to symptoms such as dizziness, headaches, tiredness, cramps, and loss of focus. On top of that, it could see drivers receiving a fine of £1,000 fine if police believe they do not have proper control of the vehicle due to dehydration. READ MORE: 'This is dictatorship': Drivers savage 2030 petrol and diesel car ban Although it may lead to more stops for toilet breaks, it is an important factor to help ensure a safe journey. Mike Thompson, Chief Operating Officer at Leasing Options, said: "We’re used to checking the water and oil levels of our car before we set off but how many people check their own water levels? "When starting your car before a long-distance journey, you may not think drinking an extra glass of water before leaving the house would affect your driving abilities, but you would be wrong. "Drinking more water will not only have a positive effect on the body but will also prevent the chance of dizziness or loss of focus because of it." DON'T MISS Mother’s fury after car left on driveway for five days [SHOCKING] High insurance prices deter young motorists from driving EVs [REVEAL] The UK council that issues the most bus lane fines makes £3.7million [INSIGHT] A previous survey by the company found that 84 percent of motorists felt drink-driving was far more dangerous than not having enough water. And around three in five Brits had no idea of the risks at all. With just under 70 percent of accidents on UK roads being attributed to driver error, dehydration could be a major factor in motorists losing focus and being involved in a collision. Brits are advised to drink plenty of water before setting off and to take a water bottle with them on the trip. This is especially important during the summer months. The body is considered dehydrated when it loses two percent of its weight in water. However, negative effects can start to occur after just a one percent loss. According to experts, a sure way to tell if people are dehydrated is by the color of their urine. It should be mostly clear and if too yellow, it can indicate that more fluids are needed. Traveling at higher elevations or extremely hot temperatures increases the chance of dehydration. There is no magic number for how many liters of water drivers need to drink in a day, but they should be consuming plenty of fluids before and during their long trips. Sports drinks that include electrolytes are also good if motorists become severely dehydrated. But drinking water or eating while driving can also be distracting and land motorists in trouble with police for not being in proper control of their vehicle. Drivers should take regular breaks on long journeys. Avoiding excessive use of the air conditioning system will also help motorists stave off dehydration, as it dries out the environment.