Princess Sofia has three children, Princess Alexander, five, Prince Gabriel, four and Prince Julian, one. Similarly, the Duchess of Cambridge has three children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six and Prince Louis, three. But what is similar about their parenting styles?  Angela Karanja, a parenting teenagers expert from Raising Remarkable Teenagers spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain. She said: “I think both Sofia and Kate are very proactive parents who have embraced parenting as leadership. This can be seen by their desire to acquire meaningful information and parenting knowledge that propels them to be more effective parents in today’s fast changing world. “They both practise valuing the child’s innate ability, independence and self-expression and believe children are capable no matter how young they are. “I think both, having come from non-royal backgrounds, know the value of allowing children to choose their own unique paths. “They are more likely to allow and support their children to be and do what they like, which is great for positive and healthy child development,” the expert said. What parenting style does Sofia use with her three children - does her background as a non-royal help? Angela said: “Sofia applies the empowering parenting style. Whilst she’s very much hands-on, there’s a strong streak of empowering her children to be independent. “This was most likely modelled by her parents and also her experiences at Montessori schools.  “Sofia is a very proactive parent as well. Even though her children are still young she’s not oblivious of the challenge of bullying both from her own personal experience, but observing the trend and understanding this is happening to other young people. “Not only has she educated herself on how to help protect her children from this awful experience but already has a handbook for other parents too. Like Kate, Sofia appears to be open to learning which is the mark of a leader, and I often say parents are leaders, and leaders are learners.” Princess Sofia used to be one of the most controversial Swedish royals, as she was formerly a reality show contestant and glamour model before marrying Prince Carl Philip. But now she is one of the most popular royals in Sweden. Did her parenting style contribute to this?  Angela continued: “I don’t think it was her parenting style that contributed to her popularity but more her confidence, resilience, and perspective in life. “An inner tenacity that states, ‘I belong, I’m worthy and no matter my background and past behaviour, I embrace myself as me and acknowledge that all past experiences have shaped me’. “Obviously, this personality has permeated into her parenting too. “This is a mother not willing to be guilt tripped for her past decisions nor wallow in shame – this is a strong position to be as a parent,” Angela claimed.  She added: “One of the most powerful gifts we can give to ourselves and our children is self-acceptance and self-confidence. “Being armed with these tough things can help you deal with almost anything that springs up and subsequently inspire your children too. “Sofia, instead of cowering under the weight of negative criticism, chooses to focus her energy to what really matters to her - her family, work with the youth, anti-bullying initiatives and health and wellness. “When we focus on adding value to humanity, even haters fall off. “People begin to gravitate towards us because we are relatable and connect as human beings, then true popularity is inevitable." 