Manchester United chiefs should ignore the likes of Gary Neville when deciding on the appointment of the club's next manager, according to former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan. Neville would like to see Mauricio Pochettino be appointed the United boss at the end of the season. Current interim boss Ralf Rangnick will take up a consultancy role in the summer. United will therefore need to appoint a new full-time manager. Ajax boss Erik ten Hag is the favourite for the job after being interviewed during the recent international break. Jordan believes whoever United decide upon, they should not listen to former players such as Neville on who they think is the right candidate for the club. Jordan said on talkSPORT: "Good advice is something you can never have too much of but sometimes you have to make a decision based upon what you know to be the case rather than other people parroting in your ear about half the facts they know. Gary Neville doesn't know all the facts. READ MORE: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic  "Gary Neville didn't get a memo sent to him saying: 'You know everything, listen to me'. There's a backdrop to understanding Manchester United 20 years ago and there's a backdrop to understanding what the antidote to Manchester United's problems currently are now." The Manchester Evening News claims the United squad are split over whether Ten Hag would be the right appointment. But Jordan also thinks the players are the last people Red Devils chiefs should be listening to for advice. He added: "I think a decision needs to be made and quite frankly I couldn't care less what the nincompoops inside the dressing room think - they are half the problem. So I certainly wouldn't be canvassing their opinions. DON'T MISSErik Ten Hag's first Man Utd target suggests Gary Neville's criticism was correct [COMMENT]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel warned he could be 'made to look stupid' by Timo Werner [QUOTES]Everton slammed for 'rookie manager' Frank Lampard's 'chaotic' tactics [QUOTES]  "I wouldn't be looking at them and saying 'who would you like?'. Whoever they liked would be the last person I picked. "Whoever they wanted would be surplus to requirements in terms of what was right for Man United. If you understand what is right for Manchester United, and I doubt currently the current regime does, so it then does lend itself to the equation of: 'Who does know? Who does know what's right for Manchester United?' "Who is the best person that picks the person to brings back the success on the pitch? You wonder if it's Richard Arnold, you wonder if someone can bridge the gap between what Manchester United once was when it knew how to win, to what Man United now is, which doesn't have a clue how to win."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here