Rio Ferdinand believes that Manchester City remain favourites to retain the title ahead of Liverpool despite losing their status as Premier League leaders. But the former Manchester United star has warned that the Merseyside club’s momentum means they will take them down to the final day. The Reds climbed to the summit of the Premier League with a 2-0 win over Watford on Saturday before Man City face Burnley at Turf Moor. Goals from Diogo Jota and Fabinho sealed a hard-fought win for Jurgen Klopp’s side, who were made to work hard for the points. Pep Guardiola’s side will return to the top with a victory against relegation-threatened Burnley, but the pressure is on the champions to get a favourable result. They have seen their 13-point lead at the top completely wiped out in the space of two months. Liverpool have now won 10 games on the bounce in the Premier League and are unbeaten in 2022. And Ferdinand, a six-time Premier League winner with Man United, knows how important the Reds’ momentum could be come the end of the season. READ MORE: 5 things we learned as Liverpool beat Watford to send title message "I think momentum is always key, especially at the turn of the year,” he said on BT Sport before the game. “You get to the back end of the season, the trophies are being handed out and it is all about that momentum and who is driving through and picking up points on a consistent basis and you can see the confidence. And you can see that within this Liverpool team and you feel fear in other teams when they come up against them with how they play and the way that they gain that momentum. He later added: ”It’s three points, the game is done and dusted, let’s just see what Manchester City do now. This game will be out of their minds tomorrow as they prepare for Benfica on Tuesday and then the big one next weekend. Ferdinand’s position may suggest that the 42-year-old is leaning towards making Liverpool his title favourites after their recent form in the league. Klopp’s side are also chasing an unprecedented quadruple, having already clinched the Carabao Cup. But Guardiola’s men have won the title in three of the last four seasons and despite their recent slip, the Catalan will be determined to keep their hold on the trophy. Ferdinand previously tipped City to clinch the title earlier in the season due to their dominance. DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Klopp hints at Alexander-Arnold returnSalah hints at Egypt retirement after World Cup heartbreakNeville claims Liverpool fans only 'quiet' on ownership due to success He predicted back in November: “In the first four of five games of the season, I was sitting there and thinking Chelsea are the team to beat. Now move on three of four games past that stage and I’m thinking Manchester City are the team to beat. They have looked seriously impressive against the big teams. “They dominated Chelsea away, they dominated Liverpool in the first half [on Sunday] and should have seen the game off. They might be a bit disappointed with a 2-2 draw but they look the most impressive to me. They look formidable at times.” But with the title race reaching a fascinating climax, Ferdinand has reiterated his stance that they will get over the line. “Against anyone else, they [Liverpool] are the favourite,” he added. “But because Manchester City have that experience, because they have been here time and time again, and with Pep Guardiola, they are the favourites for me, but only just."