Gardens attract a variety of wildlife, from bees and birds to less welcome animals or “pests” such as caterpillars, slugs and snails. Some pests, in large numbers, can damage plants by devouring leaves and flower buds, which can distort new growth. Luckily a spokesperson for GardenBuildingsDirect has provided some cheap and easy solutions on how to tackle these bugs. As the sun starts to come out, Britons are making the most of their outdoor space and making them look as beautiful as possible. Unfortunately, the likes of moths, slugs and snails also come out in the sun and can do a lot of damage to gardens. The gardening expert explained: “It is inevitable that garden bugs will cause a bit of disruption, whether you’re out relaxing, planting your own veg or growing your own garden. “This guide is full of some of the most destructive garden bugs and the top tips to help keep these at bay, so the outdoors can be stress-free.” Caterpillars are pests which love to nibble their way through fruits, vegetables, and plants. READ MORE: What to do with tulips after they have bloomed - gardener says 'you might be rewarded' They are also detrimental to some flowers too, with the buds and seeds often all destroyed. Caterpillars can pose a conundrum for gardeners as it’s not always easy to see them. They are often very hungry guests in the garden, however unwelcome. The gardening pros explained how they can be removed using “hot soapy water”. They said: “One of the most natural and inexpensive ways to rid your plants of these pesky bugs is to spray them with hot soapy water. DON'T MISS: Gardening tips: ‘Quicker ways’ to ‘effectively’ rid gardens of weeds [TIPS]Mould: Best houseplants to get rid of mould in your bathroom [INISGHT]Cleaning: How to clean the bottom of burnt pans - ‘amazing’ hack [COMMENT] “This can then be poured into a spray bottle and used as many times as necessary.” Slugs and snails are most gardeners’ enemy number one. The tender leaves of seedlings and fresh new growth on established garden plants are magnets for these pests, which make holes in leaves and leave tell-tale trails of slime. The expert said: “Slugs and snails are some of the most common yet destructive garden pests. “Not only do they leave a sticky trail behind them, but they also love to munch through leaves and vegetables. “This can be particularly problematic on vegetable patches if you are growing plants like lettuce and cabbage.” The good news is, gardeners can control them organically. The gardening pro noted that “copper tape” works better than salt as a deterrent. They said: “Salt has always been a fool proof way of killing slugs and snails, but if you want to stop them in their tracks, copper tape acts as a great deterrent, giving them electric shocks.” During the summer months, moths can be especially damaging. They love cotton and wool fibres so homeowners need to be aware that leaving outdoor cushions and furniture in the garden could be targeted by moths. The experts suggested using “herbal” sprays to deter them from gardens. They said: “An easy solution for deterring them is to use herbal sprays in the areas you want to protect. “Herbs like lavender and rosemary are not loved by these bugs, and they also smell nice too.”