Russian WTA world No 23 Daria Kasatkina has become the first player from the nation to defend and accept Wimbledon’s decision to ban all players from Russia and Belarus. The ban has come under controversy but the former quarter-finalist admitted some things were “more important” as she welcomed the move. After weeks of speculation and talks, Wimbledon confirmed last Wednesday that all players from Russia and Belarus would be banned from competing in The Championships this year in response to the war in Ukraine, as the Lawn Tennis Association followed suit and barred them from competing in the British grass-court events. The decision has come under fire, with both Wimbledon and the LTA potentially facing sanctions and legal action. Several players, both Russian and those hailing from other nations, have also spoken out against the ban, with ATP world No 1 Novak Djokovic calling it “crazy” while Russia’s world No 8 Andrey Rublev claimed it was “discrimination” and proposed a solution in a call with the tournament. But former top-ten player Kasatkina has now become one of the first to accept the reasoning for the ban. The 24-year-old explained that she understood the controversial move was necessary during her run to the last 16 in Stuttgart last week, saying: "Of course we players are disappointed that we can't be part of one of the biggest tournaments in the world. But there are much more important, bigger things that are happening in the world right now.” JUST IN: Djokovic learns how to keep world No 1 ranking after Serbia Open loss  Kasatkina, who previously reached the quarter-final at the All England Club in her career-best 2018 season, added: “Human lives are much more important, that's very clear." Her response comes in stark contrast to many others, with even the likes of the ATP and WTA set to meet in Madrid to discuss the sanctions they will impose on the tournament, with a possibility of all ranking points being scrapped to turn The Championships into something of an exhibition. The Belarusian Tennis Foundation is also said to be considering legal action, while the WTA world No 23’s compatriot Rublev also recently revealed that Wimbledon held a phone call with some Russian players but said he thought the tournament’s reasoning made no sense. “We had a call—a few players and Wimbledon—just to talk about the situation and how maybe we can [find] some solution. To be honest, the reasons that they gave [for the ban]... there is no [sense]. There is no even logic [for what] they propose,” he said during his run to the Serbia Open title. Proposing an alternate solution, the 24-year-old said: "What Wimbledon has proposed, I hope they reflect on it and at least give us the chance to choose to play or not. If we had to sign a declaration to give all our prize money to humanitarian causes, it would be around €1m. In this way, they would take all the glory and respect." DON'T MISS Alcaraz 'on the right path' to world No 1 with aim to copy Nadal againFederer's tennis credentials questioned despite incredible comebackNadal hasn't left top 10 in 17 years as remarkable record continues  While players from Ukraine, Russia and Belarus have all been struggling during the war, Kasatkina also said she felt no different than when she usually competes, crediting the governing bodies in tennis for creating a safe environment. "To be honest, no. Everything is okay on the tour, it doesn't feel any different," the four-time title winner said. “It's kind of hard to answer that, but we're in a safe place thanks to our organisations.”