Brooklyn Beckham said "I do" to billionaire heiress Nicola Peltz in a lavish £3 million ceremony in Miami, Florida last night - and the son of David and Victoria Beckham was sure to make his family pride of place on the special day. Not only were his brothers best men, but ten-year-old sister Harper was also seen grinning with elation and adorned with flowers. Victoria Beckham wore a sparkling silver gown very similar to the 21st birthday outfits of Kendall Jenner and Paris Hilton, but she'd added a sophisticated touch to proceedings, by choosing a long and elegant version. Hand in hand with husband David, who recently showcased photos of himself on Instagram grinning proudly while suit shopping for the special event, she stood out at yesterday's star-studded event. Meanwhile Brooklyn's younger brothers, 19-year-old Romeo and 17-year old Cruz were kitted out in identical tuxedos as his best men. While it's thought that bride Nicola Peltz was not keen on seeing camera phones at the bash, Romeo's girlfriend Mia Regan got around that by posting sneak peeks on Instagram of the outfits they'd be wearing for the rehearsal dinner. READ NOW: Geri Horner ‘skips Brooklyn Beckham's wedding' to join F1 husband Romeo wore a pastel pink suit for the night before his brother's big day. Meanwhile Mia made the unusual choice of a neon yellow outfit complete with cowboy boots and a sparkly silver belt. Harper played the part of both adorable flower girl and bridesmaid, wearing an angelic white dress and a crown adorned with flowers. She looked ecstatic with excitement in photos of her embracing another maid of honour pal from the event. On the morning of the big day, Brooklyn was sighted clutching a favourite puppy - also part of his family - and zooming around on a golf cart. He took time to enjoy the vast grounds of the Peltz family's £76 million ocean-front mansion before arriving early to the stage in preparation for his vows. Nicola joined him 15 minutes later in a spectacular grand entrance, which invited all eyes to fall on the bride and her dazzling Valentino gown. Both families had been awaiting the moment since the pair first got engaged in the summer of 2020. DON'T MISS... Max Verstappen’s love Kelly Piquet helped him through 'severe Otitis' [INSIGHT] Fern Britton admits being seen by neighbours while skinny dipping [UPDATE] Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show [LATEST]  While some had speculated that the relationship might fizzle out after the lockdown ended and life became busy for them both again, the couple proved the naysayers wrong when they tied the knot yesterday. Both are believed to be very much in love, with Brooklyn describing her as her "soulmate" in an emotional Instagram post. Meanwhile Nicola had penned her own tribute to her fiance, gushing: “I can't wait to spend the rest of my life by your side." She added fondly: "Your love is the most precious gift.” Besides family, a host of celebrity guests attended, including Mel B and Mel C of the Spice Girls. Sadly Geri Horner could not be there as she is supporting her Formula 1 driver husband Christian by being by his side at the Australian Grand Prix. Plus Emma Bunton apologised publicly in an Instagram post for her absence. Brooklyn's godfather Elton John was away touring, playing a concert in New York that night, while Prince William and Kate Middleton - who were reportedly invited - opted not to attend. Yet nothing could stop the pair's joy on the big day, during which they kissed for six seconds while the admiring crowd looked on.