Officers said the vehicle was "causing an obstruction" along the A63 in Swillington Common, Leeds, and branded the driving "irresponsible". However, the owner of the van called the decision "a joke", explaining he was unable to park on his own driveway. Writing on Facebook, he said: "It’s actually my work van this is a joke I couldn’t fit it on my drive and some one was parked out side my house with there van park just like mine. "So I parked it as close to the side as I could and there was loads of room to walk round it easily enough room for a buggy or a wheelchair. It’s not illegal to park on paths if you leave enough room for people to walk round there was no obstruction. "The reason it has been there for a few days is because my own van was stolen on Thursday outside my gym and the keys were in it, so this is just going to cost me money for no reason." While parking on pavements is not illegal outside Greater London, it is advised motorists should avoid doing so. Drivers can be fined when it causes "an unnecessary obstruction of the road". But police's decision in Swillington Common was largely praised by other motorists, Leeds Live reports.  Some encouraged West Yorkshire Police and other constabularies to do more to tackle the issue. One woman wrote on Facebook: "Good, there needs to be more vehicles confiscated. I have to use a mobility scooter to get around and it annoys me immensely when vehicles park on the pavement and I have to take my chances on the road. Grrrr!!!" Another resident posted: "Its not often I say nice things about police but well done. I hate selfish drivers, they obviously don’t consider poor folk in wheelchairs and people with pushchairs etc." A third stated: "This is great to read but is a constant issue with the multitude of irresponsible and inconsiderate drivers who have a driving license. It is really not right that people with young children, as well as those with disabilities, are forced to use the road if the pavement is not clear." But some defended the van owner, arguing there was little else he could have done in this situation. One man shared: "Where do you expect workmen to park on that road if they can't get on a drive? "You'll cause an accident if you have it on road, people bomb down it. It’s hardly full of pedestrians."