For the first time, foster families will have access to thousands of exclusive discounts across days out, restaurants, retail, travel and more, through the specialist discount service, Blue Light Card. The news means that alongside those working in the emergency services, NHS, social care sector, and the armed forces, those providing foster care for children and young adults are now eligible to register, too. With almost 56,000 foster families across the country, the launch follows a growing number of pleas from the community. With the nation in the depths of a cost of living crisis and many carers unable to take on other full-time employment alongside their fostering duties, this initiative hopes to help ease financial strains for those who work hard to support thousands of children in need each year. Joining over 2.4 million existing members, foster carers will now be able to access over 15,000 exclusive discounts and benefits from more than 16,000 national and local partners. These include discounts on household names such as Jet2 Holidays, Charlotte Tilbury, Costco, Sports Direct and Wilko, to name a few.  READ MORE: Where can I use my Blue Light Card? Full list of top discounts  Commenting on the move to extend the service to foster carers, Tom Dalby, CEO at Blue Light Card, said: “Children can find themselves in care for any number of reasons, whether long or short term, and foster families play a vital role in providing love and support to helping those young people find their feet and be the best version of themselves. “As a token of thanks for their incredible work, we are extremely pleased to invite foster carers into our Blue Light Card community. “And to be playing our part in supporting those who do such an excellent job of nurturing and caring for our young people, who often are, or have been, in highly vulnerable situations. “With our great range of partners, foster carers will have access to tons of exclusive discounts for them and the children they care for, including savings on days out, discounted cinema tickets and money off clothing, toys and lifestyle retailers.  “We hope that our new members make the most of our fantastic offering, taking some much-deserved time to treat themselves as well as the kids in their care.” To prove eligibility, foster carers must provide an ID card clearly stating their name and their role as a foster carer for authentication. Founded in 2008 by ex-Police Constable CTO Steve Denny and business partner CEO Tom Dalby, Blue Light Card was launched to provide those working in the “Blue Light Community” with discounts as a thanks for the tireless work they do to keep the nation safe, healthy, and supported.  DON'T MISS: NHS plea to stay away from A&E as hospitals are at breaking point [INSIGHT]Princess Sofia's parenting shows 'tenacity' - won't be 'guilt tripped' [ANALYSIS]Free prescriptions: Britons urged to ‘Check Before You Tick’ [EXPLAINED]   The Blue Light Card is available to purchase for £4.99 for employed staff members of the following groups: Registering for a Blue Light Card is quick and easy and can be done online, here. 