The far-right leader of the National Rally has never been so close to beating Emmanuel Macron for the presidential position. Polls still favour the incumbent President for now but analysts have been warning that a large number of voters' abstentions could come to Marine Le Pen's rescue. The hashtag #niMacronniLePen, "Neither Macron nor Le Pen", has been trending on social media. Mr Macron used the "neither nor" slogan for his campaign in 2017 to encourage voters to vote for centrist politics instead of going left or right. This year, the same slogan could work in favour of his rival as a large number of young people in France believe that Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen are practically the same. Analysts at Eurointelligence warned: "Not showing up to vote on Sunday increases the chance of a Le Pen victory. "This would send a seismic shift throughout the system. "It would change the game for the upcoming legislative elections, lead to street protests, and have implications for the next presidential elections. "Those who prefer radical change may welcome this. And history has shown that in politics, people often vote out the one candidate they are closest to. "In 2016, US Democrats preferred to abstain than to vote for Hillary Clinton. READ MORE: Putin told losing war to have 'devastating' outcome for him  "In 1932, the German communist party fought the Social Democrats, which enabled Adolf Hitler’s rise to power." French Prime Minister Jean Castex said on Tuesday that Emmanuel Macron was not guaranteed to win the April 24 runoff. "The game is not done and dusted," Mr Castex told France inter radio. "One puts Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen on the same level. But there are key differences." Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen are seeking to attract voters who backed far-left leader Jean Luc Melenchon, after he came third in the first round on April 10 with about 22 percent of the vote. DON'T MISS:Ukraine begins counterattacks to protect Eastern flank [INSIGHT]Putin war plans in tatters as arms production grinds to a halt [VIDEO]Brexit: Fishing row erupts as Falklands hammered by tariffs [ANALYSIS] Mr Melenchon's party has given no voting instructions for the runoff after its internal consultations showed most people would abstain or submit a blank vote on April 24, adding to uncertainty over the outcome. Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire told Europe 1 radio that Le Pen would "hand France's sovereignty to Vladimir Putin and to Russia" if she was elected, after she previously voiced admiration for the Russian president. "I heard Marine Le Pen's international policy proposals ...This is the end of French sovereignty," he said, adding that her victory would lead to an alliance with Putin, a lack of NATO protection and cutting ties with Germany.