The veteran broadcaster insisted Russia was “no more in a position to invade a NATO country than it is to invade Mars”. And in a further tweet, Mr Neil highlighted how Putin’s war in Ukraine had backfired on him. The former BBC presenter referred to reports that Finland and Sweden are poised to join NATO Mr Neil said: “Putin has always wanted to weaken NATO and stop its membership growing. “Thanks to his Ukraine misadventure historically neutral Finland and Sweden are expected to join this summer, taking membership to 32.” It comes after Boris Johnson made a surprise visit to Ukraine’s capital Kyiv on Saturday. Afterwards, the Prime Minister said the West will supply the country with the equipment it needs to ensure it can never again be invaded by Russia. Downing Street confirmed Britain would be sending 120 armoured vehicles as well as new anti-ship missile systems. Appearing alongside Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in a video, Mr Johnson said: "I think that the Ukrainians have shown the courage of a lion, and you Volodymyr have given the roar of that lion. READ MORE: Europe is in danger, says Zelensky  "The UK and others (will) supply the equipment, the technology, the know-how, the intelligence, so that Ukraine will never be invaded again. "So Ukraine is so fortified and protected - that Ukraine can never be bullied again. “Never be blackmailed again. Never be threatened in the same way again." DON'T MISSNew 'lethal' weapons Britain will send Ukraine to obliterate Russia [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Putin plot backfires as TWO new countries to join NATO [LIVE BLOG]'That's what's coming' Ex-CIA chief predicts Putin's next move [VIDEO] The latest support package represents a significant stepping up of UK military assistance to Ukraine. It comes just a day after Mr Johnson announced a further £100 million worth of kit for Kyiv. It follows an urgent appeal by the Ukrainians for more weapons - including armoured vehicles - ahead of an expected Russian offensive on the eastern Donbas region, already part held by pro-Moscow separatists. Mr Johnson said that while Russian forces attacking Kyiv had suffered a defeat, their withdrawal was "tactical" as they prepared to refocus their military efforts on the east. He strongly condemned the "war crimes" being uncovered in the wake of their departure, with scores bodies of civilians who have been shot and killed being reported by the Ukrainian authorities. The Prime Minister said: "I think what Putin has done in places like Bucha and Irpin, his war crimes have permanently polluted his reputation and the reputation of his government.”