Red Bull have arrived at the Australian Grand Prix with a new rear wing as F1’s development race starts just three races in. Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez will have the new wing in a bid to chase down Ferrari in the points standings with the Scuderia having made a lighting start. The upgrade could also increase Red Bull's pace advantage over rivals Mercedes despite having already been significantly quicker in the previous two races. However, Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and George Russell will not have the new feature despite rumours they were preparing updates for Melbourne. Erik van Haren, a reporter for Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf reported on how Red Bull had the edge over their 2021 rivals. He said: “Still no new rear wing for Mercedes in Melbourne, as initially planned. Red Bull, on the other hand, is coming with a new rear wing in Australia.” It was expected Mercedes would bring an aero update to Melbourne instead of Imola or Spain after their poor start. READ MORE: Mercedes 'still adapting' to new F1 schedule which hinders solution Renowned analyst Mark Hughes warned on Tuesday that the team would make the wing change “at the very least”. This was expected to be the first part of a development programme to unlock the car’s potential. He warned the Mercedes has been carrying more rear wing than they would have ideally liked as a result of their porpoising issues. A new wing part could have gone some way to resolving that but it is understood floor upgrades are also in the pipeline. However, reports now suggest the part has not been changed from the last race which could be an ominous warning for the Silver Arrow’s chances this weekend. Paddock source Albert Fabrega added: “So Mercedes rear wing is not different. It was the perspective that made the view slightly different. Same Jeddah spec.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton's Mercedes car subject of extensive FIA checks [INSIGHT]Mick Schumacher backs Max Verstappen as he plots to copy Red Bull star [ANALYSIS]Hamilton faces extending barren Australia run as Mercedes low on hope [COMMENT] In another boost for Red Bull, chief Helmut Marko suggested the team would be trying to shed weight in the coming weeks. He warned the team would look to shed 8kg of weight ahead of the race at Imola in two weeks. This could see an on-track improvement of 0.2 seconds in their bid to mount a title challenge. Ferrari also looks set for a boost in the coming weeks with a “significant” upgrade planned for Barcelona. It is understood the Prancing Horse do not want to show the true power of their power unit so early in the season.