Putin's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov also accused NATO of being engaged in a "proxy" war with Russia, by supplying weapons to Ukraine, warning that "war means war". However, he also claimed Moscow was doing everything it could to avoid a nuclear conflict. In an interview broadcast on state television yesterday, he said: "This is our key position on which we base everything. "The risks now are considerable." "I would not want to elevate those risks artificially. "Many would like that. The danger is serious, real. "And we must not underestimate it."  He also defended Russia's rationale for invading Ukraine, saying: "The United States has practically ceased all contacts simply because we were obliged to defend Russians in Ukraine." Speaking about Western shipments of weapons to Kyiv, Mr Lavrov added: "These weapons will be a legitimate target for Russia’s military acting within the context of the special operation. "Storage facilities in western Ukraine have been targeted more than once [by Russian forces]. "How can it be otherwise? "NATO, in essence, is engaged in a war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy. War means war." This comes as the US hosts a defence summit in Germany, attended by more than 40 countries. The next few weeks in the war effort were described by US General Mark Millley as "very critical". Speaking about Ukraine, he added: "They need continued support in order to be successful on the battlefield. And that’s really the purpose of this conference." US defence secretary Lloyd Austin echoed this, adding: "[Ukraine] can win if they have the right equipment, the right support." Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been in full flow for the last two months. Around 15,000 Russian troops are thought to have been killed during the invasion, according to UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace. He said that 2,000 Russian armoured vehicles had been destroyed or captured, including 530 tanks and more than 60 Russian helicopters and fighter jets had been lost. But speaking on Monday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky sounded downbeat on the prospects for peace, as the country goes into its "third month of resistance." He said: "It is obvious that every day – and especially today, when the third month of our resistance has begun – that everyone in Ukraine is concerned with peace, about when it will all be over. "There is no simple answer to that at this time."