The third season of the hit Netflix drama has added Upload star Robbie Amell and Marvel’s Meng’er Zhang to its already stacked cast of A-list talent. Joining Henry Cavill’s Geralt of Rivia for the third outing of adventures for The Witcher is also a popular character from Andrzej Sapkowski’s original books who takes an interest in Ciri (played by Freya Allan). Season three of The Witcher is set to introduce Mistle, a love interest for Ciri from the original series of novels. Mistle will be portrayed by Christelle Elwin, a relative newcomer best known for her roles in Bloods and the upcoming Netflix drama Half Bad, based on the young-adult novels by Sally Green. In both The Witcher novels and their streaming adaptation, her character is a member of a group of rebellious teenagers known as The Rats. An official description reads: “Mistle is a member of The Rats, a gang of misfit teenagers who steal from the rich and give to themselves - and sometimes the poor. READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts “She is street hard, suspicious of everyone and out for revenge, until a chance meeting that will change everything.” Fans of the novels will know the “chance meeting” almost certainly refers to her encounter with Ciri, which culminates in a brief romance. Ciri first comes across Mistle after being kidnapped by a rival gang, and they form a strong bond when the former princess joins The Rats herself. Although the novel's version of Ciri doesn’t stay with The Rats for long, her relationship with Mistle is nevertheless one of the most important parts of her journey. As the Netflix series has already diverted a number of times from Andrzej’s books and their subsequent video game adaptation, Mistle’s role could be expanded if she proves popular with fans. However, Ciri’s destiny is still very much entwined with Geralt of Rivia, so The Rats and Mistle may also be sticking around for just the one season. Alongside Christelle, The Witcher season three will also add Upload’s Robbie, Shang-Chi star Meng’er, and Hugh Skinner. Robbie will portray Gallatin, the leader of an army of guerilla fighters fighting on behalf of Nilfgaard. DON'T MISS:MAFS Australia’s Olivia on ‘grudges’ after Domenica row [COMMENT]Moon Knight fans emotional after Gaspard Ulliel title card [TRIBUTE]Richard Hammond brands new show ‘best gig in the world’ [INTERVIEW] Netflix’s description reads: “Unafraid to speak his truth, Gallatin’s loyalty to his people ultimately leads him on a collision course with Francesca over power.” Meng’er will portray Melva, a human who lives with dryads with a penchant for archery. “Exact archery skills coupled with a stone-cold aptitude for survival make her a formidable adversary in the unforgiving Continent - those that cross her, do so at their peril,” her description warns. Thankfully, Melva in the original series eventually becomes a valuable ally for Geralt. Finally, Hugh, best known for The Windsors and Mama Mia! Here We Go Again, will portray the drunken yet insightful Prince Radovid. Netflix confirmed: “Royal playboy and younger brother to King Vizimir, Radovid finds himself suddenly a man on the inside of the Redanian Intelligence. “With his good looks and often drunken charm, Radovid surprises with how incisive he can be in matters of politics, but it's all games until someone gets hurt.” Season three of The Witcher will see Ciri go into hiding as the enemies of the Continent start to close in, so Mistle and the other newcomers could become invaluable companions in Geralt’s mission to keep her safe. The Witcher seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on Netflix. A release date for season 3 is yet to be announced.