April (played by Amelia Flanagan) has been busy trying to keep Marlon's (Mark Charnock) spirits up as he continues to make progress with his recovery in hospital on Emmerdale. The youngster has often told her stepmother, Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry) she wishes he was back at home with them so they could keep a closer eye on him. Official soap spoilers for upcoming scenes on the ITV drama have incited things don't go to plan when Marlon does come home but this might not be the first incident that happens and the next time, the situation could result in death. The drama continues for the Dingle/Windsor household as April gets to making some welcome home decorations for her father's return. Knowing this is going to be a big feat for her daughter, Mary Goskirk (Louise Jameson) tells Rhona she will be there to support her. Later in the week and at the hospital, Marlon thanks the nurses who have helped him and he's put into the back of an ambulance to be transported home. Upon his return to the village, his cousins Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) and Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) are stood outside waving to him, making it very emotional for him. Once he's settled back in, the chef's family begin to look at ways they are going to cope with everything they have to do. READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series Challenges begin to arise almost instantly but it's clear April is over the moon to have her father back in the picture. Wanting to help Rhona, the youngster gets stuck in but she ends up making a big mistake which is by complete accident. As she helps her father take a sip of water, he ends up swallowing too much and starts to choke as he can't help himself. Terrified he is having another stroke, April calls out for help but she and Marlon are just as scared he is going to die. Wit Rhona getting the situation under control, the next day, April arranges to go and spend some time at her friend's house. The teenager begins to think if she's not at home, she won't get into any more difficulty trying to care for her father. When Marlon starts to see the stress his family are under, he suggests they take him back to the hospital where medical professionals can help him. Knowing this cannot happen, Rhona ends up sitting down with the father of two and his daughter to try and resolve what happened. But instead of having a third party involved, April explains she just wants to speak with her father about the incident alone. An emotional heart to heart follows as April expresses how scared she is but also how much she wants her father to be at home. DON'T MISS...Paige Sandhu health: Soap star on 'terrible' anxiety - symptoms [COMMENT]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] It seems by the continuation of the spoilers Marlon decides to stay at home but the pressure and stress doesn't change. As Marlon continues to find it hard to communicate, some help from Bear Wolf (Joshua Richards) might be the answer he's looking for. With more of the family taking on an active role to help, Rhona decides to head back to the vets to keep on top of the family's finances. However, they are dealt a blow when Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) explains she is going to have to move her cousin onto statutory sick pay. Rhona tells her partner she is willing to work part-time at the Woolpack to ensure their money doesn't dwindle away. With so much on her shoulders, Rhona will need to rely on April and others for more help so she doesn't have to worry about Marlon too much. However, although she doesn't mean to, the teenager could end up causing another incident with her father as she tries to feed him. This could end up with him choking again and this time, there might not be anyone around to help as Rhona is at work. April would call the ambulance but with too much time having passed before they get there, Marlon could end up dying in her arms. Unfortunately, this will be hugely traumatic for the youngster to go through so will she ever be the same again? The actress who plays Rhona, Zoe, has praised the youngster who plays April, Amelia, for the part she has played in the stroke storyline. Zoe told ITV's Lorraine: "I think what's really interesting is how this has been written, and obviously, I don't know much ahead, we are only six weeks ahead, but how it's impacted on April, which I think is a really important key element. "She's really special, and I mean, she's been in the show for quite some time now. "She was about five when she joined and she's the same age as my son, so she's 13. I mean, Amelia not only knows her lines, she knows my lines, Mark's lines, everybody's lines." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.