BBC presenter Mark Chapman jokingly apologised to former England goalkeeper Rob Green as the broadcaster replayed the shot-stopper’s embarrassing error at the 2010 World Cup. The Three Lions will face USA at the 2022 World Cup, in a repeat of the game in which Green made his mistake.  England earned a relatively favourable draw in Qatar on Friday. Gareth Southgate’s side will face the USA, Iran and either Scotland, Wales or Ukraine. A potential home nations clash will excite fans. Scotland still need to face Ukraine in their play-off semi-final, with the winner meeting Wales for a place at the World Cup in the winter. But the game against the USA also stands out. England drew 1-1 with the USMNT in 2010 in an incredibly disappointing tournament performance. Fabio Capello’s side scraped through their group before being smashed 4-1 by Germany in the last-16. JUST IN: Chelsea takeover race becoming 'bad tempered'  And the BBC made a tongue-in-cheek apology to former goalkeeper Green for replaying his mistake to preview the game. Presenter Chapman and pundit Shearer joked that Green is unlikely to want to see the footage. “I have to apologise to Rob Green if you're watching,” Chapman said as the rest of the studio laughed along. Ex-Newcastle striker Shearer added: "That is naughty, we must apologise for that, it obviously wasn't his finest moment." England had gone 1-0 ahead in South Africa thanks to Steven Gerrard’s early goal. At the time, it seemed like the perfect start. DON'T MISS...Paul Merson explains why Arsenal should sign Wilfried ZahaLiverpool 'eye Valencia star Carlos Soler' as Jurgen Klopp plots moveMan City handed huge Haaland boost as Real Madrid 'cool interest'  But that was just about as good as it got for the Three Lions and Capello. Former Fulham forward Clint Dempsey attempted a speculative effort that Green should have caught with ease. But instead, the ex-West Ham and Norwich man let the ball squirm through his grasp. His desperate attempt to claw the ball away from the goal-line proved fruitless. England drew 1-1 with the USA and went on to stumble to a goalless stalemate with Algeria. Following the draw with the African nation, Wayne Rooney infamously hit out at supporters who booed off the England team. Jermain Defoe’s goal then earned a narrow win over Slovenia before Germany were thumped by Germany. The performance prompted sweeping changes at the academy level in England, as Express Sport reported last week.     England boss Southgate said of the 2022 FIFA World Cup draw: “The first two teams (USA and Iran) we haven't played for quite a while, and the third is a total unknown but throws up a possible British derby. We know what they're about and we've had plenty of them. “For us, we're in on day one so it's quite clear what our programme looks like with the end of the Premier League season, getting out here as quickly as possible.” He added: “When you're seeded, you get the advantage of missing out on those big six or seven teams. For most of the first seeds, they'd be pleased with the first group they get. There are some really highly ranked teams in pot two, and the US is an interesting one. “I know Gregg Berhalter quite well, we've met a few times and had long chats about things, in fact only a few weeks ago, so we were smiling at the end there but they've got some really good players, we know what they could be careful of as a nation, so that one in particular is an intriguing one.” 