Improving the garden is certainly worth doing for those putting their property on the market. Potential sellers should treat the garden in the same way that they treat any other part of their home. Adding a few gorgeous varieties of plants could make their outdoor space more attractive to potential buyers and could subsequently help to sell their house faster. According to estate agent Andrew Cronan, head of Strutt & Parker’s Bath office, the right choice could have huge returns. He said: “Whether that’s an estate with walled gardens or a courtyard garden in a city centre, outdoor spaces are an extension of the home itself and so their quality and contents are incredibly important for green-fingered buyers.” When it comes to choosing the plants to grow in the garden, Samantha Richards, spokesperson for online retailer Gazeboshop advises selecting a mixture of shrubs and trees, plus perennials that respond well to deadheading to ensure months of colour. Here are a few of her recommendations for the best plants to add value to your home. READ MORE: Property: The ‘tremendous’ feature to ‘instantly’ add property value Perfect for those gardens that see less sun, hydrangeas can live up to 50 years and prefer partial sun. These popular flowers bloom from summer to fall and can tolerate almost any soil, making them perfect for new gardeners. Hydrangeas are one of Britain’s famous plants, with its big and beautiful blooms brightening up borders and flowerbeds. One of the reasons hydrangeas are so beloved by British gardeners is that they are pretty easy to care for. DON'T MISS: Energy bills: Switching to showers will help ‘keep costs down’ [TIPS]Is it cheaper to use an electric heater or your gas radiators? [INSIGHT]Heating: How to use tin foil to heat your home for less [EXPERT] This pretty pinkish shrub will fill your garden with scent and reach around three foot in height and width. Daphne are heavily perfumed and when the plant is grown in a warm, sheltered corner the scent builds up. The shrub doesn’t require frequent watering or pruning, it simply needs a spot where the roots are shaded from the sun, according to Samantha. She said: “For maximum potential, consider planting your daphne in a slightly elevated flower bed so it will grow faster and look even more impressive.” So many people love the idea of attracting birds, insects and wildlife, and there’s a simple easy-to-maintain plant that will help you to grow a wonderful butterfly garden. Samantha explained that for the summer to autumn months, the butterfly bush, also known as buddleia, is guaranteed to entice buyers to a home for sale. She said: “While they can require annual pruning to keep them in shape for the next year, these summer lilacs are worth the little maintenance they require.” However, it is important to note that some types are highly invasive, such as the buddleja davidii. Choose one of the most popular varieties of deliciously-scented magnolia trees and you’re guaranteed a return on investment. However, you’ll need patience as magnolias can take 10 to 20 years to reach their full potential. Magnolias are a firm favourite of Andrews. He said: “Magnolia is having a real resurgence – it’s something previous generations took real pride in, and thank goodness they did, because it’s now a huge feature again. “It’s these plants that take years to mature that hold great value because they’re not something you can simply buy in the shops or build over a matter of weeks. “Like the owner of a period home, you become their custodian.”