Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Maria Broomfield said: “Please could someone recommend the best thing for cleaning windows that won’t leave streaks and marks behind. “I used windows and glass wipes and this is what they look like after cleaning.” Maria shared a photo of her windows which looked streaky and dirty in the sun. One of the most popular responses was to use newspaper to “buff” the windows. READ MORE: Appliances to switch off before going on holiday - unplug toasters Leighan Cunningham said: “Pink Stuff window cleaner and use a newspaper to clean it. “Sounds mad but no streaks are left behind. “I’ve tried lots of different things and this works best for me.” Amy Callaghan replied: “I use warm water with a drop of washing up liquid and a couple of drops of vinegar and dry with kitchen towel or newspaper. They come up lovely.” Fiona Mcadam commented: “I use window cleaner and newspaper.  DON'T MISSKill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water [INSIGHT]Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer: Couple spend £17k to boost bungalow value [ANALYSIS] “Don’t know why it works better than microfibre cloths but it does.” Fiona Mcadam wrote: “My mum always used newspaper. “If you think about it our grandmothers didn’t have all these fancy window cleaners and just used what they had to clean instead of buying cleaners in a bottle.” Paula Harbinson said: “Big bowl of boiling water, washing up liquid and vinegar. “Wash, then use your squeegee and wipe with newspaper… it’s the only way!” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Angela Vanezi Ioannou replied: “I use Mr Muscle window cleaner with a mircrofibre cloth and then newspaper to buff.” Laura Lou commented: “Method Glass Cleaner and a Minky window cloth. “Or old school like my grandma taught me - white vinegar in water or white vinegar spray and polish with a newspaper - works wonders.” Hellen Stevens replied: “White vinegar spray and newspaper. “Tried it for the first time recently on my streaky, smeary windows and it was a game changer!” Hayley Grant said: “I use a window cleaning spray from Sainsbury’s. “Clean with a jay cloth then buff with newspaper - brings them up really shiny.” Wendy Green wrote: “Fairy Liquid with some vinegar, wipe/ rub as required. “Squeegee it and buff with newspaper where required.” Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using a Karcher window vac, Fairy Liquid and black tea.  Brenda Truter said: “I’d always suggest if you can, buying a Karcher window blade, they start at about £50 for the basic model. “Apart from doing a great job, I can clean our entire four-bedroom house with a conservatory in an hour.” Belinda Wright replied: “I use warm water with a small amount of Fairy Liquid. “Put on with a microfibre cloth. Then use a squeegee to remove the excess water and polish with a window cloth. “Not done when the sun is shining on windows.” Shannon Rampton wrote: “I use black tea. “Just let the teabag rest in the water for a little while and then when lukewarm, spray on windows and wipe off. “Then buff with microfibre cloth. “No streaks and lovely and shiny windows every time.”