Jamie Carragher believes a Liverpool victory over Manchester City would not decide the Premier League title race. Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola’s sides face off at the Etihad Stadium in a contest which has been regularly billed as a title decider. The reigning champions currently hold a slender one-point lead over the Merseysiders. However, Liverpool will arrive into the contest with terrifying momentum, having won their last ten Premier League matches in a row. This phenomenal run has seen the Merseysiders haul themselves back into title contention, slashing City’s 14-point lead at the top in the process. Neither side could be separated in the reverse fixture in October, as a jaw-dropping contest saw the Citizens come back from behind twice to secure a vital point at Anfield. Phil Foden cancelled out Sadio Mane’s opener with a precise finish, while Kevin de Bruyne’s deflected effort in the 81st minute put City back on level terms after Mohamed Salah regained the Reds’ lead with a sensational solo goal. But despite the impressive form of both sides, Carragher does not believe a Liverpool win prove to be as vital as it would for Manchester City win. JUST IN: Salah not in James' combined City vs Liverpool XI as Diaz makes cut "I think it’ll decide the title more if City win – I don’t think it will if Liverpool won,” Carragher said to the Essential Football Podcast, ahead of Sky Sports’ Sunday Special. “Four points with seven games to go is a big lead. “These two teams notoriously win games week after week. There’s still a way to go, no doubt, but if City were to win I think they’d have to throw it away with how long there is left." DON'T MISS City have already played all of the so-called ‘Big Six’ home and away, while Liverpool still have to host Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur, who are both fighting for a place in the top four. Despite the enormity of the contest at the Etihad Stadium, Carragher believes neither Liverpool nor City will do enough to secure the bragging rights. “I think it’ll be a draw, that’s not sitting on the fence,” Carragher added. “I just think the teams are so evenly matched and that a draw wouldn’t be the end of the world for either team in some ways. "If it’s level with 10 or 15 minutes to go, it’ll be interesting to see what the managers do, whether they go for it or settle for a point. Both teams, if it finished as a draw, I think would say okay, we’ve got seven games to go here. “The first game was a draw, both teams are so evenly matched. City have a slight advantage being at home but it’s going to be a 1-1 draw for me. Jamie Carragher was speaking to the Essential Football Podcast, ahead of Sky Sports’ Sunday Special.