Many people aren’t too keen on the sight of spiders in their own house and will want to do away with the problem as soon as possible. Spiders can typically be found invading your property during the Autumn months as they search for a mating partner and somewhere to lay their eggs. But for 2022, their presence is being noted a lot earlier. There are a number of key indicators which could mean that your home is infested with spiders. If you want to avoid any unwanted visitors, you should always try to prevent them from gaining access in the first instance. But if you’re concerned spiders are already in your home, you might want to keep an eye out for the following signs. READ MORE: Why has Adam Frost moved house? Inside 'scaled back' garden  Each species of spider has its own distinct web, which varies in size and shape. Some are orb-shaped while others can look as though they mimic a funnel-like object. While most spiders live in webs there are some species that inhabit burrows and others which will make their homes in the nooks and crannies of your house.  As a result, it’s important you check any rooms which could provide places of refuge for spiders. Typically, spiders can be found in dark, quiet, secluded areas, both in your home and garden. In fact, some species are attracted to moist environments, which is why you should regularly check your basements, walls, sheds and other damp locations. DON'T MISS: UK house prices hit new record in ‘spring frenzy’ [NEWS]Time to ditch your broadband? EE reveals much faster way to get online [EXPLAINER]Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry' [INSIGHT]  Other species can be found in places such as attics, the junction of a wall and ceiling and storage boxes. Spiders feed on other insects and prey on ants, flies, woodlice and other spiders, so where there is a plentiful supply of other insects, spiders will wait to find their next meal. Windows and other areas which provide access outside your home can make ideal sites for spiders to set up shop.  One sure-fire way to remove any spiders from your property is to hoover up any corners or cracks which could be housing them. Filling up cracks and crevices in your walls will also help to deter spiders from making their way indoors. Alternatively, you can use organic, non-toxic pesticides which are usually based on peppermint oil or another natural substance. Even a salt-water solution will kill many spiders if they are hit directly. 