Zara Tindall and Mike Tindall share three children, Mia, eight, Lena, three and Lucas, one. The royal was seen holding her one-year-old baby Lucas today as she prepared to compete in the horse racing trials. This is the first time Lucas has properly been seen since his joint christening with his cousin August Brooksbank, Princess Eugenie’s son, last November.  How have Zara’s parenting skills changed since welcoming a baby boy into the family? Angela Karanja, a parenting expert and founder of Raising Remarkable Teenagers told Express.co.uk: “I believe Mike and Zara are flexible parents. “Both having engaged in competitive sports, they know the value that flexibility and fluidity is for achieving success. “Being flexible means, they are capable of transferring skills that they’ve used for sports success to parenting and are able and prepared to tweak accordingly what has worked for their girls and adapt to parenting their young son. READ MORE: Princess Anne's children and grandchildren in family tree “Following this rationale, I believe it’s just as easy for them to raise a boy just as they have raised their girls. “Of course, time will tell, and they will probably tell us if it’s been easier or harder raising their boy compared to the girls. “Parenting strategies for boys and girls can begin to become more diverse and niche as kids grow and begin to form their own personalities. “Then there’s a requirement on parents to refine and address specific needs depending on their child’s sex and gender. “But at the moment, apart from possibly buying different clothes to fit the boy's anatomy, I doubt the parenting skills are much different at this age as compared to how they parented their girls at that age. “The love and care is standard of course - Mike gave the world insight into his feelings even before the boy was born when he said, ‘I’ll love it whether a boy or a girl.’” Mike was photographed today sitting next to his son Lucas as they watched Zara compete in the horse racing competition. The rugby player looked so happy next to his son and his daughters who were laughing and running around. Angela continued: “I believe Mike’s even more likely to enjoy playing rugby with his son. “It’s obvious after having two girls, Mike really yearned for a boy and in one of his public statements, he mentioned he wanted a boy three times, ‘I’d like a boy this time, I’ve got two girls, I would like a boy. I’ll love it whether a boy or a girl, but please be a boy.’ “This strongly suggests he so wished for a boy. “I think his wishes were beautifully and bountifully fulfilled when baby Lucas arrived.  “We look forward to seeing all those dreams Mike had in mind play out physically as his boy grows.” Royal fans were so excited at the sight of Lucas for the first time, taking to social media to express their joy. Twitter user @LunaB65353431 said: “This is a beautiful photo, how cute is little Lucas!” Another fan, @SHIMMERCLAW added: “A mini Mike.” Similarly, royal watcher @toriaa_h wrote: “Looks like Mike Tindall has his mini-me.” 