This is because of two bank holidays in April: Good Friday and Easter Monday. The change will also affect other benefit claimants including those who receive Personal Independence Payments (PIP). Millions of Britons rely on state benefits like Universal Credit and PIP to help them make ends meet. This month they will be paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) a little earlier because of the Easter weekend bank holidays on Friday and Monday. Claimants will also receive slightly more this month as they can expect a pay increase of 3.1 percent. People who usually receive their money on Friday April 15 will receive their payment a day earlier on Thursday April 14. READ MORE: Furness launches two new fixed cash rate ISAs Those who would usually receive Universal Credit on Monday April 18 will receive it three days early on Thursday April 14. It’s not just Universal Credit payment dates that will change. This also applies to people who receive Attendance Allowance, Carer’s Allowance, PIP and Pension Credit. Everyone who receives state benefits should follow the same rule. DON'T MISS:Pension savers may be at risk of 55 percent tax charge [WARNING]Martin Lewis' advice if energy firm is doubling your direct debit [ALERT]Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month [INSIGHT] This week the DWP launched a new campaign urging Tax Credits claimants to check whether they'd be better off on Universal Credit. While these are being gradually replaced by Universal Credit, claimants are being encouraged to check whether they would be better switching to the new system sooner rather than later. In 2024, the existing Working Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit system will close as all claimants will have been moved over to the Universal Credit system. However, not all Tax Credit customers will be better off on Universal Credit. They should use a benefits calculator to check before doing anything. Once a change in circumstance has been triggered, Britons can’t go back. The DWP has launched a new section on the Universal Credit website for Tax Credit customers to help people make an informed decision. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Universal Credit claimants can benefit from 30 freebies: