David Beckham may not have received a knighthood from the Queen because he is covered in tattoos, according to Karen Brady. Beckham is one of England’s most famous and celebrated athletes, but the 46-year-old ex-footballer has not been made a Sir by Britain’s monarch.    The former Manchester United and Real Madrid winger retired from playing back in 2013, but is never out of the public eye due to his celebrity status. Beckham is married to former Spice Girl Victoria and is still involved in many industries, including football and fashion. He is currently in the headlines due to the wedding of his son, Brooklyn, who is marrying partner Nicola Peltz on Saturday in Florida. Gordon Ramsay, Serena Williams and Eva Longoria are among the A-list celebrities attending the occasion, ensuring the Beckham name will dominate the newspapers this weekend. Beckham received an OBE from the Queen back in 2003 for services to football, but unlike some of his celebrity status, he has not been knighted. In her column for The Sun, businesswoman Brady, who is the vice-chairman of West Ham, has suggested Beckham’s love of tattoos might prevent him from receiving one. JUST IN: Man Utd given fresh hope of completing 'bargain' Youri Tielemans deal  “He’s only a multi-millionaire, a football club owner in Miami, an English icon, a world-famous star and husband of a beautiful former Spice Girl. Not bad at all,” she wrote. “So, I wonder why he has not been knighted? Whether those tattoos have anything to do with it? “I have no doubt tattoo parlour owners would rate him an earldom at least but how about the honours committee? Brady went on to draw parallels between Beckham and Manchester City star Jack Grealish, who has cultivated a similar image off the pitch as the former England captain. Grealish joined City in a £100million transfer from Aston Villa last summer and is regularly pictured wearing designer clothes and in expensive sports cars. DON'T MISS Geri Horner ‘skips Brooklyn Beckham's wedding' to join F1 husband Beckham's accused of 'choosing Harry and Meghan' over Kate and William Victoria Beckham poses with lookalike sister for niece's birthday  The Athletic recently reported that Grealish was to sign a seven-figure endorsement deal with Gucci – a move that has potentially furthered his reputation as Beckham’s heir off the pitch. Brady is hoping the England star does not follow in Beckham’s footsteps when it comes to tattoos. “He is well known for his style of shorts with his socks down, revealing what are now known as Jack’s Calves, body parts which set Brummie and Mancunian girls squealing,” she wrote. “A bulging calf may not be everyone’s choice of a favourite bulge but it might catch on. After all, when David Beckham first showed off the tattoo of a flying thing across the back of his neck, many of us recoiled in disgust.” She added: “Grealish has barely put a foot along that course yet. He’s a brilliant ball-player who provokes defenders to try to knock his little shin pads into the back row of the stands.” 