Arsenal are reportedly in 'advanced talks' with Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus. Reports claim 'everything has been agreed' between Arsenal and Jesus ahead of a summer transfer. Brazilian journalist Jorge Nicola has made the huge claim on his YouTube channel Canal do Nicola. He says all that is needed is an agreement between Arsenal and City for a deal to be completed. Jesus wants to play for Brazil at the World Cup later this year and has seen his game time limited under Pep Guardiola. He has made 16 starts in the Premier League this season but just one in the Champions League. The 25-year-old's 'dream' is to play for his country in Qatar. Jesus has won 54 caps for Brazil, scoring 18 goals, since his debut in 2016. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag makes stance on Man Utd selling Marcus Rashford clear to Richard Arnold  Nicola claims Arsenal technical director Edu has met with the player's agent Paulo Pitombeira and an agreement has been struck. Arsenal will wait until 2023 to sign Jesus on a free transfer at the end of his City contract if they cannot agree a fee with the reigning Premier League champions this summer. However, Nicola believes City will only ask for a small fee and a deal will happen between the two clubs. Jesus is said to be on around £3.3million a year in wages at City but that would rise to around £5m if he did join Arsenal. Palmeiras, Jesus' former club, would be due 5 per cent of any fee City receive for the player. Arsenal could be in desperate need for a new striker this summer. Mikel Arteta allowed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to leave the club in January on a free transfer. That left Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah as the only recognised strikers in the Arsenal squad. DON'T MISSKylian Mbappe to Real Madrid on the rocks as PSG ace breaks agreement with dizzying demand [GOSSIP]Five possible targets with Man Utd 'working on deal for young Premier League striker' [TRANSFERS]Man Utd 'eye two targets' to pair with Darwin Nunez for Erik ten Hag's rebuild [REPORT]  However, both Lacazette and Nketiah are out of contract at the end of this season. Arteta has repeatedly stated that talks will not be held with Lacazette until the final game of the campaign is out of the way. But the Frenchman has scored just four Premier League goals this season and hasn't netted from open play in 2022. Nketiah scored his first two league goals this term in Wednesday's 4-2 win at Chelsea. Jesus joined City from Palmeiras in 2016. He has scored 89 goals in 229 games for the club.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here