Manchester United have been warned to avoid approaching Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel about becoming their new manager after his apparent row with Romelu Lukaku. The striker has been used as an impact substitute in recent weeks after falling out of favour the under the German. Tuchel had emerged as a potential target for the Red Devils to succeed Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season. However, it appears that Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino are now the leading candidates for the position. The German has made a huge impact since taking over at Stamford Bridge, guiding the Blues to Champions League glory in his first months at the club as well as an FA Cup final. This season, Chelsea have won the UEFA Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup under his management. The 48-year-old had emerged as a world-class candidate for the Man United job amid Chelsea’s uncertain situation regarding a possible takeover from exiled owner Roman Abramovich. But Tuchel has pledged his future to the club until the end of the season at least. READ MORE: Rangnick 'has limited say' as Man Utd mull over Ten Hag or Pochettino And Petit, who played for Chelsea between 2000 and 2004, thinks that Tuchel’s tendency to jump ship when the going gets tough means he would not be an ideal candidate for the job at Old Trafford, singling out his treatment of Lukaku as an example. “His spell at Chelsea started brilliantly with winning the Champions League,” Petit told Genting Casinos. https://www.gentingcasino.com/insights/football/football-insights-emmanuel-petit/ “I think he’s a very good manager, but sometimes, tactically, you don’t understand what he’s doing because against Brentford I didn’t understand his tactics “You can see he’s having trouble with some players and it’s normal in the dressing room during the season, but when it happens [with Tuchel] it stays for weeks and months between the players. Can someone explain to me what’s going on between Tuchel and Romelu Lukaku? I don’t understand it.” DON'T MISSMan Utd giving Ten Hag information 'every week' on transfersFerdinand aims dig at Glazers by calling for Man Utd to hire TuchelMan Utd's stance on stealing Tuchel from Chelsea Man United look set to end the season without a trophy and potentially out of the running for Champions League qualification too, and there was some belief that Tuchel would be the man to sort out the Red Devils’ underachieving squad. But Petit has called on United to appoint a more popular manager. “Tuchel could go to Manchester United, but when things start to be difficult, you can see that he changes,” the Frenchman added. “He has some difficulties handling the pressure sometimes. With Manchester United, the pressure would be higher there than at Chelsea. “That could be an option, but I’m not really convinced by that. Manchester United need someone who can unite the dressing and I’m not sure Tuchel is a better manager to maximise and get a different mentality into that dressing room.”