Why is one “a party” and the other a “work event”? Why is Boris Johnson being held to the highest account for being wished happy birthday by colleagues two months after he nearly died from Covid, and the hypocrite Starmer is not. Well, actually now he is. The Labour leader has spent recent weeks going apoplectic over Boris’s fixed penalty notice, claiming he’s been “lying through his teeth” and has to go. Now it turns out the Labour Party lied about the event at which Starmer is alleged to have broken lockdown rules. It had said, categorically, that deputy leader Angela Rayner wasn’t there. Yet now having been confronted with video evidence that, not only was she there, but she and Starmer were the star turns of an online rally in the offices at Durham Miners Hall, they’re trying to wriggle out of it saying it was all an “honest mistake”. Seriously? So Boris was castigated and laughed at when he said he’d made an honest mistake – a mistake he’s apologised for 35 times. Yet now Labour, having been caught out, haven’t apologised. And we’d never have known about their “mistake” if a newspaper hadn’t unearthed the evidence. There’s also video evidence (some posted by Rayner herself) with her and Sir Keir in the building at the same time. She also did the same Zoom online rally as him – in the same room with the same backdrop – 20 minutes before he did. Yet Labour still insisted she wasn’t there. And why hasn’t Rayner fessed up? But then the gobby MP has been uncharacteristically quiet this week – probably dodging questions about how, three months ago, she was laughing about claims she crossed her legs in the Commons to distract Boris, a story she put in the public domain in a political podcast. Yet at the weekend when a newspaper ran the story about it, she was suddenly devastated and screaming misogyny. I imagine she’s also stressing about the fact that having emphatically denied she was laughing about the leg-crossing claims on the House of Commons terrace, it’s been reported by TWO newspapers that FOUR Tory MPs have come forward to say they heard her laughing about it. Which makes her distress seem a tad disingenuous. Oh, and to add to Starmer’s woes, it turns out he had TWO cakes in his office in a birthday celebration in September 2020 against Covid guidance. So why isn’t he resigning? There can’t be one rule for Tories and another for every other politician. But it’s Starmer’s hypocrisy that’s been staggering, after banging on about honesty and transparency. Where’s Labour’s transparency been? And how dense is he to think none of this would come back to bite him on the bum? Now there are calls for Durham Police to reopen the probe into him. I say probe, but at the time they didn’t interview anyone. Now that the media has done the investigative work they should have done, they don’t have much choice. The law might be an ass – but it needs to be consistent. Starmer has done everything Boris did yet was let off. The one thing the Labour leader needs to learn from all this is that a good leader isn’t one who just abuses the opposition. A good leader knows what’s going on inside his own party. A good leader fesses up, apologises for his “mistakes” and has policies that will get his party elected. Starmer doesn’t. He’s just a posh boy attack dog who’s only political aim is to get Boris out. And THAT won’t get Labour elected! ----------------------- I’m sick to the back teeth of GPs telling us all they don’t need to see people face-to-face. New data says GPs are rushing through appointments – sometimes in less than five minutes. Worse, they will soon vote on working 9am to 5pm. So, if getting an appointment’s bad now, it’ll soon be impossible. On Twitter this week I asked what kind of GP thinks working 9 to 5 is OK. I was inundated with thousands of responses from desperate people telling me how they’d had to wait weeks for appointments and how serious illnesses had been missed. So GPs can keep telling themselves they don’t need to see people face-to-face but their patients – the people who actually matter – think they do. Why would anyone go into medicine if they want to work 9 to 5? Those who do are in the wrong job and a disgrace to what was once a much-respected profession. ----------------------- The never-ending court battle between Johnny Depp and Amber Heard continues. But the most unsavoury tidbit to emerge this week has been the revelation Heard didn’t honour her promise to hand over all of her £5.6million divorce settlement to charity. Did anyone actually believe she would? She’s a very forgettable actress and that’s the biggest payday she’s ever likely to get – because her Hollywood career is over. ----------------------- HOW the Hell can the £160,000 a year Passport Office boss Abi Tierney do her job from her home in Leicestershire when her offices are in Whitehall? Clearly she can’t because, thanks to her useless department, at least 500,000 people are in passport hell – unable to travel for work or go on holiday because of a ten-week wait for their documents. Tierney and other officials were summoned to the Cabinet Office yesterday where I’m hoping they were told: “Get back to the office or you’re out.” Because if you’re in charge of a department, you need to be IN that department. You can’t lead it from your back bedroom in your PJs. Matthew Rycroft, Permanent Secretary at the Home Office, is defending Tierney: “Abi is a hugely talented leader heading up our world class visa and passports operations.” Well, he needs sacking as well because he’s a delusional idiot who’s clearly ignoring the fact that the travel plans of millions are at risk thanks to her department’s incompetence. And as for the world-class visa system – don’t make me laugh. It can’t even process a few hundred of them for desperate Ukrainian refugees. Boris has threatened to “privatise the ass” out of the Passport Office if it doesn’t shape up. He needs to stop threatening – and just do it. Show The Blob who’s boss. ----------------------- I know the Commons can be dull, especially when the SNP’s Ian Blackford gets on his feet to spew out his weekly bile-fuelled rants about Boris. But watching porn isn’t on. We can’t pretend people don’t watch porn. But if Tory Neil Parish, suspended and under investigation by the Commons Standards Committee, is proved to have done it in the chamber where there are people and cameras everywhere, he’s not just guilty of letting down his constituents, he’s also as thick as mince! ----------------------- Lottie Moss says stripping off for an adult website is a source of pride for her family. She says: “My sister said, ‘I’m super proud of you’.” And she says her mum is supportive. Of course they are, luv. It’s every family’s dream to have their baby girl selling explicit photos of herself for pervs to drool at. ----------------------- Lotto winners Frances and Paddy Connolly, who won a £115million jackpot, have given half of it away. The couple gave £50million to family and another £10million to charity. Unlike other people whose lives have been blown apart by a big win, the Connollys have kept their feet on the ground. Their only big purchase has been a six-bedroom house in Durham, Paddy treated himself to a used Aston Martin and Frances has a charity foundation which helps carers, refugees and the elderly. She says: “Think about what type of person you are and what type of person you want to be. I can’t think of a day since the win I haven’t smiled.” Now THAT’S exactly the kind of people who should win the lottery. ----------------------- For everyone who said the Rwanda scheme wouldn’t work, guess what? In the eight days since it was announced, not a single migrant made the crossing when previously 500 a day were coming. This scheme hasn’t even started yet but has already been a deterrent. So what will the woke brigade and the Archbishop of Canterbury say now? Probably that even the threat of being sent to Rwanda is cruel and ungodly.