Wisteria produces cascades of fragrant flowers in late spring, often lasting between two to four weeks depending on weather and growing conditions. Although they look amazing in full bloom, they can be quite high maintenance to look after. They need regular pruning and training to keep it in check and flowering well. According to David Domoney, they also need feeding and watering. David explained: “I always get asked how to get wisteria to flower, sometimes some people find them difficult to get to flower. “The best way is position, it plays a big part. Put them in a sunny spot, either a southerly or western position works pretty well because the sun will enhance. “Also buy them in flower…they were only £30 and it lasts in the garden for 100 years. “This particular one here is this silky wisteria with very soft foliage that goes with it, it’s a white flowering one. READ MORE: Worst spider season as they lay eggs in homes - top tips to prevent “The white flowering ones are supposed to evoke the feeling of virtue and health. The purple ones symbolises grace, wealth and royalty. “The best thing to do if you’ve got them, is to put some wires up to train them on. “If you’ve got a young one and you’re growing it up a pergola, remove the lower branches until it gets to the height that you want and you can train them into position.” David also recommended feeding wisteria to help it grow as well as pruning it. DON'T MISS:‘Highly effective’ methods to unblock toilets with ease [COMMENT]Aloe vera: ‘Common signs’ your succulent is struggling [INSIGHT]Garden weeds: How to ‘correctly’ weed your garden [EXPLAINER] He said: “So with pruning, you really want to give it a good prune at the end of August when a lot of the foliage has gone, it’s almost like hairdressing. “Then you can give another prune in February to get it ready for the spring. “The key thing is making sure that it’s got plenty of food and one of the things that works is sulphate of potash.” The feed has a very high potassium content making it ideal for encouraging strong flower and fruiting growth. David added: “If you’re planting a new plant for the first time, I’d always recommend putting in plenty of peat-free compost into the bottom of the hole so when the roots are growing out, they’re not growing into stone or clay, they’ve already got a nice start. “But remember, they are going against a nice wall…make sure you’re watering because the roots are quite close to the bottom of the house. “By regularly feeding, pruning and making sure there’s an adequate supply of water you could have a quite spectacular wisteria at the back.” The most common problem for gardeners when it comes to wisteria is poor flowering. According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), this could be caused by a number of things including wrong pruning techniques, growing wisteria in the shade as well as spring frosts. The experts added: “Poor soils may be short of potassium, so apply sulphate of potash in spring to promote flower formation for the following year. “Shredded flowers or tell-tale teeth marks are signs of damage by pigeons or mice. “Spring frosts can also damage or distort developing flowers and cause the buds to drop before they open.”