Kate Garraway, 54, has revealed why she had to pull out of her GMB hosting duties last week. The ITV star, who usually co-hosts Good Morning Britain with Ben Shephard, said she was unable to present the daytime show due to dealing with “some “urgents” at home”.  It comes as Kate returned to TV this morning for her pre-recorded show Garraway’s Good Stuff.  Addressing her GMB absence in view of her 1.1 million Instagram followers this morning, Kate wrote: “So apologies for my abscence from @gmb this last week - had to deal with some “urgents” at home.  "But before that managed to get a whole hour dollop of #garrawaysgoodstuff in the bag for you."  She added: “Great #feelgood shares from @peterandre & @jamesbaymusic - plus this?! READ MORE... Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband  “Note to self - wear a sports bra - note to @peterandre - wear a belt. Join me 8.30 a.m on @itv.”    Kate shared a video from her new weekend show, as she jumped on a trampoline in a stunning pink dress alongside singer Peter Andre.    The star didn’t go into further detail about the “urgent” problems she had to deal with in her post, but it is well known that Kate has a very hectic life, as she cares for her husband Derek Draper, 54, at home alongside her busy TV and radio career.    Fans rushed to the comments section of Kate’s post to inundate her with support.  Kathburkhill commented: “Hope all OK with Derek can we have a update.” ruthandkathy added: “Do hope everything is ok.” original_adriantownsend007 penned: “Hope everything was OK @kategarraway ...Can actually watch this morning as on holiday! Have a great weekend! Sending you lots of love.” It comes after Derek has faced a devastating health battle ever since he was hospitalised with Covid in 2020. DON'T MISS:Helen Skelton devastated over husband Richie 'dating younger woman' [INSIGHT]Kim Woodburn shares picture from hospital bed after hospital rush [HEALTH UPDATE]Johnny Depp erupts in laughter after trial question about his penis [OPINION] Kate’s other half stayed in intensive care for a year before being cared for at home by his wife and nurses.  The ITV favourite has revealed she usually has to get up every two hours to help Derek’s overnight carer to move him in bed.  She also has to wash and change his bed linen seven times a day.  Kate revealed earlier this year that Derek will die within three days if he’s left without expert care. The couple share teenage daughter Darcey, 16, and son Bill, 12.  Kate was noticeably absent from yesterday’s special episode of GMB, as the show celebrated its eighth anniversary.  Charlotte Hawkins fronted the anniversary edition of the show with Ben Shephard instead. Kate recently became tearful on GMB when she was reunited with a Covid nurse, Beth Dixon, who cared for Derek in hospital.  The star rushed to give Beth a hug halfway through their chat to thank her for her efforts.