Several emergency vehicles, including at least eight police vehicles and four ambulances, have been reported at the scene in Lower Bridge Street on Monday. Officers were seen parked outside Cousins Snooker and Pool Lounge. A Kent Police spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "Kent Police is currently attending a premises in Lower Bridge Street, Canterbury, following a report of two people found with injuries. "Officers and the South East Coast Ambulance Service were called to the scene at around 5.20pm on Monday 11 April 2022. "The road remains closed between St George’s roundabout and Burgate while enquiries are ongoing to establish the circumstances of the incident." Social media reports claimed the incident was a stabbing on Lower Bridge street. An eyewitness at the scene told Kent Online: "There are so many police officers. “At least eight police vehicles, four ambulances and dozens of armed officers. "The ring road is completely cordoned-off at Lower Bridge Street, from St Georges roundabout to the magistrates' court. "Forensic officers are also here." It comes a day after Kent Police arrested two men after a unrelated stabbing in Canterbury. A man was taken to hospital after being stabbed when a gang set upon him in a late-night attack. Emergency services were called to the scene in the centre of Canterbury just before 10pm. Two suspects have been arrested in connection with the assault. Detectives have launched an appeal to identify three more people who they believe may have been involved. A police spokesman told Kent Online: "It is reported a man was assaulted in Canterbury Lane by a group of males and sustained an injury consistent with a stab wound. "He was taken to a local hospital for treatment and was later discharged. "We are asking people to check if they have any relevant dashcam or doorbell camera footage and witnesses are urged to contact us with any information that may be relevant to the inquiry." Anyone with information should call police on 01843 222289, quoting the reference number 46/66420/22, or Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.