Erik ten Hag's ambitious plan to overhaul the dressing room at Manchester United this summer could be thwarted by player power, according to Liverpool hero John Barnes. Ten Hag will take over the mantle from Ralf Rangnick at the end of the current campaign and is thought to be keen on reshaping his squad in advance of a renewed top-four challenge in the Premier League next season. The Dutchman will likely have plenty of financial backing at United over the coming months, with the signings of a new striker and a first-choice holding midfielder said to be among the club's pre-season objectives. However, Barnes has warned Ten Hag that he could struggle to clear out the dead wood in order to make way for the new arrivals that are so desperately needed at Old Trafford.“Erik ten Hag cannot get rid of players at Manchester United if they don’t want to leave the club, and their fans must understand that," Barnes told BonusCodeBets."Media will talk about them having to get rid of this player, or that player but if they are on three or four-year deals then you can’t just get rid of them. Of course, they’d like to get rid of them, but unless another club offers the same salary or more, then they won’t leave. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp signs two-year contract extension "Players have all the power. We know they want to get rid of their players, and for United to get where they want to be quickly, that is something that must be done."United are expected to lose a number of their existing first-team stars between now and the start of next season, with Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard set to become free agents in the summer after failing to extend their current deals at Old Trafford. It remains to be seen how many others will follow suit over the coming months, with Ten Hag likely to be keen on trimming his squad in order to free up space on the club's wage bill. The Red Devils have been linked with no shortage of high-profile additions in recent weeks and Ten Hag will be desperate to get things right by making the correct decisions in his first transfer window at the helm. However, former England defender Paul Parker has already suggested that he could fail to attract Europe's biggest stars due to the immense pressure that comes with representing a club like United."If you go out and buy one great player, he’s not going to come to Manchester United because he knows it’s going to be too much pressure put on him," Parker recently told The Sun."So United is about to try to get quality players to come to them, because they know if they go there expectations are going to be too much."As much as they want to play for Manchester United and put themselves in that position, there’s only so much you want to put on yourself, because you don’t really want the Harry Maguire treatment, do you?” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here