Motorists will face a new driving rule that will require all cars to be fitted with speed-limiting black boxes. The rule will apply to all new cars manufactured after that date, rather than any current cars on the road. All new vehicles sold in Europe – including the UK – will be fitted with a mandatory speed limiter that will keep cars within the UK speed limits and boost road safety. The European Commission reached a provisional agreement that all new vehicles sold in Europe will be fitted with a speed limiter as a legal requirement from July 6, 2022. The 2019/2044 regulation also mandates all new cars that have already launched to be fitted with an Intelligent Speed Assist (ISA) by July 7, 2024. The UK has adopted the new speed limiting rules, even after Brexit. READ MORE: Drivers could use electric cars to power their homes The main reason for this seems to be that following this agreement will help in standardising the car manufacturing process for different markets. Additionally, using speed limiters successfully would also be a step forward in developing self-driving cars in the UK. Autocar explained: "The system that will become mandatory on new cars in 2022 uses a forward-facing camera mounted on the car and the vehicle’s satellite navigation system to identify the speed limit and, if the car is exceeding it, to restrict the fuel flowing to the engine until the vehicle is at the limit speed." Autotrader added: “The speed limiter will send haptic, audio, and visual warnings until you start driving within the speed limits. DON'T MISSBritish drivers warned of busiest Easter on UK roads in eight years [WARNING] UK hit with more fuel shortages as drivers queue for diesel and petrol [INSIGHT] Drivers call for EV owners to pay tax [REVEAL] “You can override the system by pressing hard on the accelerator, but the system will reactivate every time the car is started.” The driver can override the system, but the police can access the data from them in the event of a crash. The box records speed, braking, and steering positions in the lead-up to an accident. The minimum penalty for speeding is a £100 fine and three penalty points added to your licence and there is a maximum of £1,000, or £2,500 if you were driving on a motorway. Drivers could also be suspended and have their licence taken off them. Unlike cruise control, which maintains a consistent speed throughout your journey to eliminate the use of the accelerator, a speed limiter allows you to accelerate and decelerate as you normally would, provided you don’t go above the speed limit you set. The purpose of a speed limiter is to act as a speed warning system as opposed to cruise control which helps prevent fatigue and makes long journeys easier. Many manufacturers have already started including factory-fitted ISA in some of their cars such as Citroen, Ford, Honda, Jaguar, Peugeot, Renault, and Volvo. Renault Group also confirmed that all upcoming Renault and Citroen cars will have a top speed of 112mph to increase safety. All new cars, vans, trucks, and buses will need to be fitted with an ISA. Motorcycles currently do not need a speed limiter because the existing ISA technology needs to be adapted for them. Currently, the regulation permits you to switch the speed limiter off. The ISA will, however, be enabled when you switch your car on again, so it can’t be permanently disabled.