Although the infection rate is still high in the UK, the Government announced a new plan, ‘Living with Covid’, to remove legal restrictions around coronavirus while protecting the nation’s most vulnerable. Part of this plan was to wind down the lateral flow testing service to the public. Despite COVID-19 infections and hospitalisations rising in recent weeks, it’s been reported that more than half of those in hospital testing positive are not there with COVID-19 as their primary diagnosis. A statement from the Department of Health and Social Care said: “Free universal testing has come at a significant cost to the taxpayer, with the testing, tracing and isolation budget costing over £15.7 billion from 2021 to 2022. “This was necessary due to the severe risk posed by COVID-19 when the population did not have a high level of protection.” However, due to the successful vaccination rollout scheme and access to effective antiviral medication as well as natural immunity, the population is now much better protected against COVID-19 “than at any other point in the pandemic”.  READ MORE: Free lateral flow testing ends today: How much do Covid tests cost?  The Government are therefore taking a much less severe approach to the virus by treating and managing it like any other respiratory infections. Alongside the removal of general legal isolation measures and the wearing of masks, the Government removed the availability of free lateral flow tests for a majority of the population from April 1. Some free testing will continue during April in Scotland and Northern Ireland and in Wales the cut-off is July. But, some groups in England will still be eligible to obtain free lateral flow tests.  The new rules implemented from April 1 in England said free symptomatic testing will still be provided for: Asymptomatic testing will also still be free for: DON'T MISS: New mutant 'XE' Omicron variant could be most transmissible yet [BREAKING] Why are so many people catching Covid? Four reasons why [EXPLAINED] Long Covid: An ongoing cough since you’ve had COVID could be a sign [INSIGHT]   Guidelines said people will also be tested before being discharged from hospital into care homes, hospices and refuges. However, most visitors to adult social care environments, as well as visitors to the NHS, prisons, and other places of detention, will no longer need to take a test. Updated guidance advised anyone with coronavirus symptoms - or any other respiratory infections for that matter - who have a high temperature and feel unwell, to still try to stay at home and avoid contact with others until they feel well enough, or the temperature subsides. If you test positive, you are also still advised to isolate for five days, as this is when the virus is said to be most infectious.  Dame Jenny Harries, chief executive of the UK Health Security Agency, said: "As we learn to live with Covid, we are focusing our testing provision on those at higher risk of serious outcomes from the virus while encouraging people to keep following simple steps to help keep themselves and others safe. "The pandemic is not over and how the virus will develop over time remains uncertain. "Covid still poses a real risk to many of us, particularly with case rates and hospitalisations on the rise. "That is why it is sensible to wear a mask in enclosed spaces, keep indoor spaces ventilated and stay away from others if you have any symptoms of a respiratory illness, including Covid." Health secretary Sajid Javid says vaccines are still “our best defence” against COVID-19, however, testing can be ramped up again should it be needed, such as if a new variant of concern emerges. To find out more about how to book in a COVID-19 vaccination or booster jab, click here. 