At least two soldiers died while 28 were made seriously ill after locals in the town, which is south-east of Kharkiv, took action against occupying forces. Ukraine's ministry of defence suggested that residents fed Russian troops poisoned pies and alcohol. A statement posted on Facebook said: "Ukrainians are resisting the occupiers by all available means. According to available information, local residents of the Izium district [in the east of the country] 'treated' Russians from the 3rd Motorised Rifle Division of the Russian Federation with poisoned pies. "As a result, two occupiers died at once, another 28 were taken to the intensive care unit. Their current state is being clarified.” The ministry also alleged that 500 servicemen from the same division had been admitted to hospital with alcohol poisoning. The statement continued: “About 500 more servicemen of the 3rd Motorised Rifle Division of the Russian Federation are in hospitals due to severe alcohol poisoning of unknown origin.” The claims have not been independently verified and Russia has not commented on the incident. Britons have ridiculed the soldiers for stumbling into the trap. One Express.co.uk reader, Richard C, wrote: “Top tip. If you invade a sovereign country, kill the locals, demolish their houses and blow up their hospitals - it's probably a bad idea to accept offers of cake from their relatives.” He added: “Obviously, you don't have to be particularly bright to serve in the Russian army.” Another said: “Something tells me that the Russians are not welcome in the Ukraine…! Brilliant strategy, the Russians have been poisoning opponents for decades. Karma.” Other users praised Ukrainians for fighting back amid growing reports of possible war crimes and atrocities committed by Russian troops in the country. One user said: “After finding the bodies of Ukrainian people, shot with their hands tied behind their backs, I don't blame the Ukrainians for retaliating. I just wish they could get Putin himself, the architect of all this.” Another, Milly Jones, commented: “People of Ukraine had their lives torn apart, by this dangerous psychopath Putin. Drastic times call for drastic measures, enough is enough.” READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Ukraine shoots down £38million fighter jet A number of incidents of Ukrainian civilians taking matters into their own hands have been reported since Vladimir Putin launched his invasion of Russia’s neighbours on February 24. One Kyiv woman reportedly downed a drone with a can of tomatoes after she suspected the device might be operated by looters. Tens of thousands of civilians across the country have also taken up arms and joined the Territorial Defence Forces to try to stave off Russian troops. Hostility to Russia is widespread throughout the country as the brutal conflict enters its second month. Recent reports have emerged of Kremlin troops targeting civilians and committing heinous acts on the battlefield, including recent news of a Russian soldier raping a Ukrainian woman sheltering in a school. Last week, mass graves were discovered on the outskirts of Kyiv after Kremlin troops retreated from the area. The United Nations has confirmed that 1,232 Ukrainian civilians have been killed and 1,935 killed since the start of the conflict, although the organisation warned that the true figures were likely to be much higher. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Poland 'open' to nuclear weapons on soil - huge fallout [LIVE]Ukraine war: Implement devastating sanctions – mass grave found [LATEST]Germany to cut legs from under Russia with tough new sanctions [BREAKING]  Although Russia’s war effort has appeared to falter in certain areas in recent days, the fighting is expected to intensify in the coming weeks and Putin struggles to gain control of some regions. Izium, which is located close to the Russian border, is likely to be at the centre of the fighting, with Putin viewing it as an important base from which to launch an assault on the Donbas region. Russia has suffered heavy losses in Ukraine as Putin’s invasion appears not to have gone as expected, with Kremlin forces suffering a range of logistical issues and meeting with heavy resistance from Ukrainians. NATO estimated last week that between 7,000 and 15,000 Russian troops have been killed in just four weeks of fighting. There have also been widespread reports of Russia soldiers looting food from shops and homes after invading Ukraine, with military analysts suggesting that poor logistics left Russian units low of provisions. Abandoned or damaged Russian tanks have been found carrying washing machines, computers, children's toys and carpets. 