Pep Guardiola wants Manchester City to sign Borussia Dortmund hitman Erling Haaland “at all costs,” according to various reports. The Citizens’ search for an out-and-out centre forward is set to continue into the summer, after their failed attempts to sign Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane last year. Guardiola revealed the north Londoners rejected “four bids” for the England captain who has now rediscovered his best form under Antonio Conte. The Citizens did everything they could to convince Tottenham to part ways with the England captain, submitting various bids that are believed to have surpassed the record breaking £100million they paid for former Aston Villa captain Jack Grealish. Not to be deterred, their attention is set to be turned to Haaland who has amassed 23 goals and seven assists in 25 appearances in all competitions for Marco Rose’s side. However, the financial implications of a move for the imperious 21-year-old could be unprecedented, as reports from German outlet Sport1 understand a move could cost £250m when Haaland’s wages, agents’ fees, and transfer fee are factored into the equation. Nevertheless, Guardiola appears to have decided Haaland is worth the hefty investment that will be needed to bring him to the Etihad Stadium. And reports from Fabrizio Romano understand City’s transfer masterplan hinges upon their ability to beat Real Madrid to Haaland’s signature. JUST IN: Atletico Madrid star Felipe leaves Phil Foden with bandage on head With the likes of Liverpool, Manchester United, and Barcelona have ruled themselves out of the race for Haaland, City and Real Madrid appear to be the front runners for his signature. Carlo Ancelotti’s side are believed to have ambitions of deploying Kylian Mbappe alongside the Norwegian ace in what would be a ferocious frontline. Real appear to be confident in signing Mbappe on a free transfer when his contract expires at the end of the campaign, despite the fact reports from the Independent understand he is now considering a new deal at Paris Saint-Germain. Whatever happens with the French World Cup winner, Los Blancos are expected to be firmly in the running for Haaland. Despite the eye-watering finances, including a purported five year contract believed to be in the region of £145m, involved in any deal for Haaland, City could grant Guardiola’s wish. The former Bayern Munich and Barcelona manager also waxed lyrical about Haaland’s football abilities, before City’s Champions League clash against the Bundesliga giants last season. “To score that number of goals at his age is not easy. He’s 20 years old and the numbers speak for themselves,” Guardiola said in April 2021. “When that happens it’s because he can score with the right, the left, via counterattacks, in the box. He’s a fantastic striker, everyone knows it. “The only thing I can say is that he is an exceptional striker. With his age, he is an exceptional striker. He’s a fantastic player – that’s all.”