Tennis star Iga Swiatek has revealed she ‘cried for 40 minutes’ after hearing the news that Ash Barty had retired from tennis. Barty shocked the world last month when announcing she was calling time on her tennis career whilst occupying the world No. 1 spot at just 25-years-old. Her retirement then saw a new player in the form of Swiatek move to the top of the world rankings, however the Polish player admitted it was tough to take after hearing the news of her former fellow player. Speaking to the BBC, Swiatek revealed that Barty’s retirement came as a ‘surprise’. She said: “I was crying for 40 minutes. Mainly, it was because of Ash's retirement. I didn't know it was going to happen and it really surprised me.” Swiatek then went on to praise the Aussie star for her braveness in making the decision. The 20-year-old added: “I always had this vision that we would all play until we are 35 or something, until our bodies are so tired that we can't anymore."I needed time to actually understand what she must have thought. Her decision was really brave and I felt a lot of emotions because of that." JUST IN: Andy Murray pleads 'make this stop' as heartbreaking photos from Ukraine emerge Despite her sadness, Swiatek took full advantage of Barty’s decision as an impressive performance at the Miami Open saw her become the world’s best player. A remarkable run in Florida saw her make it all the way to the final where she came up against Naomi Osaka. And once again, her opponent was no match as the Polish star saw off Osaka in straight sets, 6-4, 6-0 to cap off her world No. 1 crowning week with a title. Understandably praise heaped in for Swiatek, and one person leading it was ex-player Barty. The Australian said per the WTA: “She's an incredible person, a great tennis player. The way that she's brought this fresh, fearless energy onto the court has been incredible. I hope that she can take it and still be her, do it her own way, and really chase what she's after in her career and her dreams." READ MOREATP issue strong warning to tennis stars after Nick Kyrgios and Alexander Zverev outburstsBouchard sends 'I feel you' message to Raducanu amid sponsor criticismNadal congratulates Alcaraz for creating history with Miami Open win  Swiatek herself has spoken out on her achievement, writing on Twitter: “I usually don't focus on numbers, on rankings, but this moment is huge to me as I have become the first Polish, female or male to reach the top spot in singles. I hope maybe one day there will be more of us in Poland playing tennis at the highest possible level. “I'm extremely grateful that my work could be an inspiration for some people. And last but not least... I love the game and appreciate every moment of it these days." 