The politics expert called for Boris Johnson to step down as he claimed the Tory leader is “not fit to be Prime Minister.” The journalist insisted the Prime Minister “did lie to Parliament” and failed to follow Covid guidelines “his government put in place.” The Prime Minister last week was handed a fixed penalty notice for a breach of lockdown restrictions relating to a Downing Street gathering.    Speaking to TalkTV, Mr Spence claimed “it doesn’t matter how minor a breach of the rules” the Prime Minister’s actions amounted to and demanded Boris Johnson resign. Mr Spence suggested “the smaller the breach, in many ways, the more egregious it is.” He continued: “if it wasn’t that big a deal, he shouldn’t have had any problem coming clean.” The political commentator argued the Prime Minister should have been able to handle the “fallout” from a relatively small breach of the covid restrictions. However, Mr Spence highlighted Boris Johnson chose to “lie” in an effort to dodge the consequences of his actions and therefore is no longer fit to lead the Government.    Mr Spence sympathised with Britons who for “months and months” were forced to abide by “extraordinary measures”. He detailed how the lockdown restrictions imposed by the Conservative Government had “lives turned upside down” as businesses and education were “ruined”. The politics expert acknowledged many people faced fines of “huge amounts of money” as they dodged covid guidelines to “meet friends, meet family”. Mr Spence described the fines faced by the public as “excessive” and a harsh consequence of Government-outlined sanctions that “weren’t necessary”. Read more: Tory MP backs Boris ahead of inquiry vote  The journalist claimed Boris Johnson and his colleagues knowingly “flouted” the lockdown restrictions they expected the rest of the nation to follow. Mr Spence blasted the Prime Minister’s apology as he explained the scandal isn’t a “minor thing” that could be resolved with a statement in hindsight. Since receiving the fine, Boris Johnson has issued a statement to explain he did not consider his actions to be a “breach of the rules” at the time of the offence. Speaking to parliament, the Prime Minister claimed he had acknowledged the “hurt and anger” caused by his behaviour and offered a full apology. Don't miss:Should Boris stay and fight Partygate claims or go to India? [POLL]PMQs LIVE: 'Not worthy' Senior Tory MP turns on Boris [REVEAL]Boris Johnson has 'damaged' Tories’ brand as local elections loom [ANALYSIS] Sir Keir Starmer and other opposition MPs have called for the Prime Minister to resign in light of the partygate fines. Supporters of Boris Johnson have argued the Prime Minister should remain in office to tackle the important issues of the Ukraine crisis and the rising cost of living. Mr Spence agreed there were other “very important” matters within current politics, but retained his belief that the Prime Minister should urgently step down. He argued Boris Johnson had failed to uphold the “standards” expected for a minister “at the top of government” and demanded the leader resign.  