Dawn (played by Olivia Bromley) married her husband, Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle), earlier this year on Emmerdale, in one of the most dramatic village wedding days to date. The pair have been enjoying some post-marital bliss in recent weeks on the ITV soap but the mother of one has been shaken by the discovery Jamie (Alexander Lincoln) is still alive. Although Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) has had to persuade Dawn to keep quiet about the revelation, it seems she might not have any trouble staying quiet if she ends up betraying her spouse if her former lover does in fact return to the Dales. The drama continues with the mystery surrounding Jamie in next week's episodes as Gabby is convinced her ex is lurking in the shadows. Gabby's fears are only amplified when she returns to Home Farm after a day out and realises there is no sign of her son, Thomas. He is the son and heir to Jamie's empire and with his father presumably dead, he will inherit everything once Kim Tate (Claire King) dies. Therefore, he is an incredibly important character on the show, despite not even being a year old and Gabby is reluctant to let him out of her sight. Recently, she hired Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell), to be the youngster's babysitter and when she is nowhere to be seen either, alarm bells start ringing in Gabby's head. READ MORE: Boris slaps down TalkTV's Tom in tense cost of living probe Her first thought goes to Jamie, who she is convinced has taken her son and has completely bypassed the courts to get custody. It seems Thomas will be returned home safe and well as later in the week, Gabby sits down with Dawn to talk about her anxieties. Dawn tries to reassure the mother of one there is nothing to worry about as she is sure Jamie has left the country to begin a new life aboard. Though she does begin to wonder herself if there is more to the story than meets the eye as even she doesn't believe her own thoughts. Later on, she will receive some news which she will keep to herself, according to official spoilers, and this could have something to do with the elusive Jamie. Dawn and Jamie were once in a relationship, many moons ago before the latter ended up sleeping with Gabby and getting her pregnant. Although Dawn moved on with Billy, it seemed after his marriage broke down to Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale), there was only ever one woman for Jamie. This is why if the news is he wants to make contact with his son, he turns to Dawn as he knows he could trust her to an extent. Intrigued as to why he has played dead for so long, Billy's wife could agree to meet with her former lover to get answers. As she grills the villainous character, she could come to understand why he did what he did and she could see a vulnerability she has never seen in him before. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Mark Charnock's emotional farewell as co-star leaves soap [COMMENT]Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!' [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Malandra Burrows admits 'heartbreak' over cancer diagnosis [COMMENT] This could make her see Jamie in a whole new light and as she begins to fall in love with him all over again, she could agree to help him get Thomas back. As the pair begin an affair, it could be Jamie is only sleeping with Dawn to get custody of his son by taking him from Gabby instead of going through the courts. When he has the heir to his empire in his arms, he could drop Dawn at the snap of his fingers and disappear once more. Realising she was played hook, line and sinker, Dawn would feel terrible she even thought of betraying Billy, let alone going through with it. With Gabby heartbroken over losing her son, Dawn would already feel an immense sense of guilt but she knows she would have to unburden herself to her husband. The former drug addict could confess to everything, telling her spouse she cheated on him as well as giving Jamie his son. Billy would be furious, thinking his wife would never do something like this considering everything they have been through. This would end their marriage without a doubt as Billy knows he would never be able to trust his wife ever again. For Dawn, the gravity of the situation would force her to tell Gabby what she did and before she knows it, the whole village would be turning their backs on her. With nowhere left to go and no one to turn to, Dawn could very well end up falling back into old habits to help her through this extremely dark period. But will anyone realise she has been manipulated by Jamie and she was just used as a pawn in his plan to get Thomas back? The producer for the show, Laura Shaw, recently hinted there could be more heartache on the horizon in the ongoing Jamie storyline. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the soap boss said: "Gabby is pushed to her limit at Home Farm. "We know Jamie’s still alive, but is he coming back? What lengths will Gabby go to in order to protect her son? There are some lovely scenes exploring motherhood in these episodes." Will this include getting revenge on Dawn for letting Thomas's father run away with him and could it result in a death? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.