Sony is getting ready to release the free PS Plus games for April 2022. The next wave of PlayStation Plus releases have an April 5 release date for fans living in the UK. While there's no official launch time, the games typically join the library at around 10am BST UK time. The new games include multiplayer combat game Hood: Outlaws and Legends on PS4/PS5, as well as the excellent Slay the Spire on PS4, and SpongeBob SquarePants: Battle for Bikini Bottom – Rehydrated. While April 2022 doesn't feature the highest-profile selection of new releases, subscribers should definitely pay close attention to Slay the Spire. Slay the Spire is a deck-building fantasy game, where the aim is to defeat enemies and conquer increasingly challenging towers. Sony explains more: "Embark on a journey up the ever-changing Spire, in this fantasy deckbuilder adventure that fuses together card games and roguelikes. "Craft a unique deck from hundreds of cards to efficiently dispatch foes and reach the top. Discover powerful relics to enhance your deck’s powers to help you overcome different enemies and bosses." Subscribers can also consider this their final warning to download the free PS Plus games for March 2022. A strong month for games, the March line-up includes Ghostrunner on PS5, as well as Ark Survival Evolved and Team Sonic Racing. As an added bonus, subscribers can also download Ghost of Tsushima's multiplayer Legends spin-off for free. "Ghost of Tsushima: Legends is an online co-op multiplayer experience inspired by Japanese mythology" Sony explains. "Choose from four classes – Samurai, Hunter, Ronin or Assassin – and play with friends or via online matchmaking in two-player story missions, four-player survival missions or the new Rivals Mode." If you want to added the March and April games to your library, simply head over to the PS Plus section of the PlayStation Store - either within your console dashboard or online via a web browser - and select 'Add to Library'. If you don't subscribe to PS Plus, but want to sign up today, your best bet is to head over to ShopTo, where online subscriptions can be purchased for the reduced price of £42.85. After taking advantage of the deal, ShopTo will email you the voucher, which can be redeemed within the PlayStation Store. If you act quickly enough, you can bag both the March and April free games.