Chelsea goalkeeper Edouard Mendy had a moment to forget against Real Madrid as he gifted Karim Benzema his third goal of the evening with a comical error in the second half of Wednesday's match at Stamford Bridge. The Blues stopper had already been beaten by Benzema on two occasions before the interval, with the Real Madrid marksman heading home twice in quick succession to hand the visitors an early lead before Kai Havertz halved the deficit. Benzema went on to become the first ever player to score a European hat-trick against Chelsea just 45 seconds after half-time when he pounced on Mendy's calamitous mistake before firing into an empty net. The Chelsea man ventured out of his penalty area to get on the ball as the Blues knocked it around in their own half but miscalculated a pass intended for Antonio Rudiger to give Benzema the easiest of finishes for Real Madrid's third goal of the match. The incident marked a significant low point for Mendy, who is widely regarded as one of the best goalkeepers in the Premier League after excelling at Chelsea over the last two seasons. However, BT Sport co-commentator Glenn Hoddle went on to insist that Rudiger was also to blame for the goal after failing to rob Benzema of the ball in spite of his best efforts. "There's no danger there, Mendy had all the time in the world," said Hoddle. "It's a poor tackle from Rudiger, he has to go through him there but he's been booked. JUST IN: Cody Gakpo admits he ‘likes Arsenal’ with Man Utd set to rival Gunners "He's almost gone in half-heartedly, shied away from it. You usually see him go into tackles full throttle, [getting the] ball and the man. Goes with his left foot, tepid. "My word, Benzema won't get an easier goal to score his hat-trick. You come out second half and say: 'Right, let's go lads, start again'. You want the crowd behind you. "The crowd has gone silent and it's a kick in the teeth. They've got to make sure they stay in the tie, it could have been worse. "It could have been the second leg but it's only half-time at the end of this result. They've got to get the next goal and show some character." It remains to be seen whether Mendy's error will prove costly in Chelsea's bid to win back-to-back Champions League titles by defending last season's crown over the coming months. The Blues will be desperate to cut out any further mistakes ahead of next week's second-leg clash at the Bernabeu in order to stand the best chance of making the semi-finals of this year's competition at Real Madrid's expense. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here