The Health Secretary was put on the spot by Carolyn Harris, Labour MP for Swansea East after concerns mounted over a lack of medication she said was as important to menopausal women “as insulin is to a diabetic”. On Sunday, Mr Javid confirmed he intends to appoint a tsar to tackle the issue. Ms Harris, who is co-chairwoman of the UK menopause taskforce, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "I welcome the fact that the Secretary of State is doing something about this, because somebody needed to, because up until now they've not bothered. But it doesn't really need a tsar, if I'm honest. "He could do this, he could decide to loosen the regulations on the formularies and make this product available across the country. It could happen very, very quickly. My concern is (to ensure) that it's not being kicked into the long grass, but I won't let that happen." Mr Javid’s announcement came after it was revealed many women were reportedly sharing their prescriptions, with some said to be made suicidal by the debilitating menopause symptoms they suffer without the medication. Current figures suggest the number of HRT prescriptions in the UK has more than doubled in the last five years but stocks are running low, with one manufacturer of a commonly used hormone replacement gel warning of supply problems. Ms Harris said the shortage had led to a rush on other HRT products, calling for a loosening of regulations to allow equitable access. One product, a pill, is only available to women in certain parts of the country, Ms Harris explained, leading to it being "stacked high in warehouses" while those stocking the gel "are empty".  Blaming "bad planning”, she added: “The company that actually makes this product and the Government didn't foresee the kind of demand there was going to be on it. “The trouble with the menopause is for far too long women have not been listened to, women have been ignored, they've been prescribed and diagnosed with other conditions and the menopause wasn't even considered. For a menopausal woman this HRT is as important as insulin is to a diabetic." Mr Javid said: ”I will be urgently convening a meeting with suppliers to look at ways we can work together to improve supply in the short and long term. It's also clear to me that we need to apply some of the lessons from the vaccine taskforce to this challenge, so we will soon be recruiting for an HRT supply chairperson." Hormone therapy helps to combat menopausal symptoms, which include anxiety, joint pain, disturbed sleep and hot flushes. Jo McEwan, from menopause training company PositivePause, which provides support to women and organisations, said: She said: "What's happened is the supply can't keep up with the demand now, clearly. "But this isn't the first time it's happened so I think, yes, let's make somebody accountable or get someone who's got that authority to say: 'Right, let's get the big picture on this, let's talk to the stakeholders, let's talk to the pharma companies, and let's ensure that women are not, as you say, trading HRT in car parks and buying it from abroad.’”  Dr Louise Newson, who runs the not-for-profit Newson Health Research And Education, said: “There’s no doubt that we have reached a critical point with regards to HRT supply in the UK with thousands of women suffering unnecessarily, as they rely heavily on this to get through their everyday life. “Taking HRT vastly improves your symptoms and helps protect against long-term health risks or hormone deficiency. Even low levels of HRT can have benefits in your body and improve your symptoms of the menopause.” She added: “I see so many women come into my clinic who have struggled on a day-to-day basis with menopause symptoms. Many women describe this as having given them their lives back and once they have the right balance and strength of HRT then they are delighted. “In addition, HRT can help to reduce the health risks associated with the menopause. I know from my own personal experience; the transformative effects HRT can have.”  Dr Newson said: “No women should suffer in silence. Any women who are experiencing what they believe to be menopause symptoms should speak to their GP first who will usually recommend trying treatment for three months to see if it helps. Women will usually start with a low dose, which may be increased at a later stage. There are four key things to consider: age, medical history, symptoms, and lifestyle. “It is growing increasingly clear to me that the way the medical community views menopause needs to change; this is not a lifestyle issue, this is a hormone deficiency with health risks. It’s my duty as a health professional to continue to beat this drum.” The shortages come after months of campaigning for greater awareness and increased support for those going through the menopause. TV presenter and model Penny Lancaster, who is married to Sir Rod Stewart, and Davina McCall, both joined MPs outside parliament to protest against prescription charges for HRT in October 2021. 