Kate Middleton, Prince William and their children have become well-known for colour co-ordinating in blue. Royals such as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge understand the power that their clothes carry. Of course, the couple and their three children have been pictured wearing different colours in the past, but the most common and coordinating colour they opt for is blue.  The Duke and Duchess carried on this trend when they appeared with their two eldest children at the Easter Sunday service at St George's Chapel in Windsor on April 17. The colour blue has many associations and an expert colour psychologist outlined the reason why Prince William and Kate may have chosen this colour. Prince George and Princess Charlotte also attended the Windsor Easter Sunday Matins Service this weekend with their parents. While many people were excited by their first appearance, others pointed out that the family opted to carry on their popular tradition of colour co-ordinating in blue for the occasion. READ MORE: Kate Middleton & Prince William crowned most popular fashion duo The Duchess of Cambridge looked stunning in an A-line Cinderella-blue coat dress from Emilia Wickstead that she previously wore in Luxembourg in 2017. She teamed the look with pearl earrings that she debuted at Prince Louis' christening in 2018. Princess Charlotte twinned with her mother in a beautiful pastel blue smock dress from Rachel Riley. Meanwhile, Prince William and Prince George both looked dapper in blue suits.  The colour blue has many associations, and Karen Haller, behavioural colour psychologist and author of The Little Book of Colour outlined why the Cambridges enjoy wearing this colour. Haller said: "Wearing the same hue, the Cambridges are showing they are coming together as a family, representing themselves as a cohesive unit. "When it comes to colour psychology, darker blues communicate you are in a position of authority, trustworthy, reliable and can be depended on. “You have a sense of duty and take that seriously with committed focus.  Haller told MyLondon: "There is also an adverse side to blue and that is you can come across as aloof and distant, so they don’t want to inadvertently create the feeling that they are unapproachable." Another royal famed for her love of the colour blue was the Queen Mother. The Queen Mother died at the age of 101 in 2002 and was known as the "best-loved royal" when she died. Her longevity and dedication to her royal duties were something many people admired her for.  Prince William and Kate may have chosen the colour blue to emulate the much admired memory of the Queen Mother. The Queen is not someone who follows a set colour scheme and is instead incredibly famous for her vibrant coats and matching hats. In his 2011 biography Our Queen, royal author Robert Hardman described the Queen as "engagingly modest" and detailed the one colour of the rainbow that she will never wear. He wrote: "My favourite remark she ever said was, 'I can never wear beige because nobody will know who I am.’" 