Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Leo, the fifth sign in the zodiac, is represented by the Lion. Today, April 10, astrologists have predicted that Leos might meet someone new. Horoscope.com continued: “If you enjoy risk and challenge, then you will certainly appreciate today’s astral configuration. “But if you would rather stick to the tried and trusted, and keep within the parameters of your own certain but limited experience, then you can do this, too. “When you see just what the cosmos has in store for you, you may no longer desire the status quo.” READ MORE: Petrol price checker: How to check the cheapest fuel near you The horoscope experts added: “Someone special comes your way.” As for the rest of the weekend, a Mercury-Pluto square will have Leos “grasping for answers to questions related to your love life that you’ve been contemplating for a long time”. The astrologists went on: “But guess what? How blown away would you be to find out that maybe you’ve known the answers all along? “This mysterious, sometimes frustrating aspect has a way of drawing things to the surface, even thoughts and feeling you’ve tried to suppress. DON'T MISS: Drivers brand EV owners 'plain stupid' for not having home charger [REPORT]How much could you save by changing to an electric vehicle? [ANALYSIS]Petrol price checker: How to check the cheapest fuel near you [EXPLAINER] “It might be time to book a therapy session or take a deep dive into your subconscious by exploring your dreams or writing in your journal.” But what are Leos like in love in general? A fire sign, it is no surprise that Leos are passionate, intense, and fiery when it comes to expressing love towards another person. Like Virgos, Leos love hard – but unlike the Virgin sign, falling in love is easy for them. Staying in love, however, can be difficult. Horoscope.com said: “Falling in love is easy for Lions. But finding a person who can match them and staying in love can be tough. “Leo loves flirting and dating, and has no problem pencilling new names onto the calendar. “This sign loves the rollercoaster that is romance, from butterflies before the first date to catching their breath after the first time in bed. “But while Lions thrive on the novelty of dating, they can be easily disappointed if their date fails to live up to their outsize expectations. “That’s why Leos occasionally finds true love with partners they may have dated or broken up with in the past.” Leo is most compatible with Libra, perhaps because both signs enjoy socialising and “making every day truly pleasurable”. Other good love matches are Scorpio, Aries, and Pisces. On the connection between Scorpio and Leo, Horoscope.com said: “Leo and Scorpio match each other in their intensity, and social Leo can prevent deep Scorpio from brooding too much. “This fire and water sign are an instant power couple who can make amazing things happen if they work together.”