Painting kitchen cabinets is an affordable and simple way to rejuvenate a kitchen using very few tools. Homeowners need just paint, primer, sandpaper, a screw driver and a paint brush to get the job done. The first job homeowners need to do is remove any cupboard or drawer handles. These can either remain the same, be replaced with another style or sprayed a different colour to go with the new kitchen theme. Next, it’s time to give those surfaces a clean down. For this, homeowners should use a sugar soap solution and a cloth. Craig Phillips, brand ambassador for Frenchic paint shared some of his top tips for painting kitchen cupboards. READ MORE: What to do with your daffodils once they've finished flowering Mr Phillips said cleaning is “vital” when it comes to painting kitchen cabinets. He said: “Cleaning is vital. It is in the kitchen where it's exposed to all sorts of greases and steam and things in there. “We get our sugar soap we dilute this down a fraction and then we get a little sponge and give it a really really good scrub over every bit of the actual door itself. “Now of course you could be painting your doors, you could be, painting the side carcasses, there are the trims around the top and bottom, either way they've all got to be cleaned up and prepped ready for the painting.” DON'T MISSLawn: ‘Always’ follow the ‘one third rule’ when mowing grass [INSIGHT]Property for sale: Hydrangeas and other plants to add home value [UPDATE]Briton loses £2,500 after convincing rental scam [ANALYSIS] The cleaner the surfaces, the better the cabinets can be sanded and the better the paint is going to keep to the surface. Once scrubbed, the sugar soap needs to be wiped away with a clean cloth and fresh water. Allow the cupboards to dry off, or dry them down with kitchen towel. Next, homeowners need to sand down the cabinets Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The sanding should only lightly score the surface, no matter the material of the surface. A gentle sand with fine sandpaper or a sanding pad should do the job. Once sanded, give the surface a wipe down with a damp cloth to remove any dust and allow to dry. Apply primer to the entire surface you want to paint and allow it to dry for around four to six hours. Repeat this step for all surfaces you are planning to paint. If you’re doing two sides of a door, allow one side to dry before priming the other.  To apply the paint, homeowners can either use a paint brush or a spray tool. When using a brush, apply one coat of the paint evenly to the entire surface and ensure the brush strokes all flow in the same direction for a smoother finish. Mr Phillips suggested if you’re painting a surface with a grain, to always brush with the grain rather than against it. Allow the paint to dry for the appropriate drying time (the paint tin should state). Next, apply a second coat of the paint and allow it to dry again for the appropriate time. Once fully dry, reattach any handles and return them to their original position.