The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall visited the EastEnders set on Thursday to meet the cast as they prepared to film episodes set to air during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, in which the Albert Square residents will enjoy a street party in celebration. BBC soap icon Letitia, who has played Sharon Watts on and off since the BBC soap started, labelled Prince Charles "a gentleman" after he gave her his coat when he noticed she was cold. The royal couple watched as the cast filmed special scenes that feature the residents of Walford marking the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, just as those around the nation will be celebrating this summer. Their Royal Highnesses met many of the soap stalwarts including Steve McFadden (Phil Mitchell), Rudolph Walker (Patrick Trueman), Perry Fenwick (Billy Mitchell), Kellie Bright (Linda Carter), Danny Dyer (Mick Carter), Tameka Empson (Kim Fox), Natalie Cassidy (Sonia Fowler) and Gillian Taylforth (Kathy Beale). The actress behind EastEnders' own "princess", Letitia, was also among those to meet the heir to the throne. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? During the visit, The Duchess of Cornwall spoke to Gillian about how she has appeared in the show since the very first episode. She also chatted to the recently-returned Rose Ayling-Ellis, who took some time away to film last year's Strictly Come Dancing, which she went on to win. The Duchess revealed that the Royal Family watched the dancing competition and supported her journey. Meanwhile, the Prince of Wales happily gave his knowledge of EastEnders to Perry and Emma Barton (Honey Mitchell). He proved his EastEnders loyalty by acknowledging the two were no longer an item in the soap. As the royals joined the cast for a photograph, the Prince spotted a cold-looking Letitia and kindly gave the 54-year-old his coat to keep her warm. "Today was a very special day for all at EastEnders," the actress later commented. She continued: "As a company, we are all incredibly proud of the show we make but to have a visit from the Royal Family makes it all the more special. "To have the opportunity to mark the Queen’s upcoming Platinum Jubilee with a visit from the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall was just beautiful and it will go down in EastEnders history but it was made all the more special for me when the Prince of Wales handed me his coat to keep me warm – what a gentleman, what a couple, what - as we say in EastEnders - a proper family." DON'T MISS... Married at First Sight Australia's Jackson Lonie denies split rumours [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Frankie betrayal as she schemes with Linda [THEORY]Simone Ashley hints Kate will 'let go' in Bridgerton season 3 [INTERVIEW] Executive producer Chris Clenshaw added: "We at EastEnders are all so incredibly grateful that the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall came to visit EastEnders as we filmed our special episode that shows the residents of Albert Square celebrating the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, just as those around the country will be doing this summer. "We cannot thank them enough for taking the time to come to Walford, this is one moment that will go down in EastEnders history as we all celebrate 70 years of Her Majesty’s reign. Today was truly an honour." As their Royal Highnesses left Walford they were presented with an Albert Square sign which had been signed by the cast. A rousing cheer sent the royals on their way, and fortunately, they didn't depart in a black cab. The Queen will mark a history-making 70 years on the throne this summer. Celebrations will be held throughout the UK as the longest-serving monarch reaches another milestone. EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.