Queen Maxima of the Netherlands has a stunning orange diamond engagement ring, but that’s not the only ring she has received from King Willem-Alexander over the years. The Dutch royal is often seen pairing her engagement ring with three other rings - all of which have both monetary and sentimental value - and represent the births of her three children. To mark the birth of their first daughter, Princess Catharina-Amalia, the King of the Netherlands gifted Maxima with a ruby and diamond ring that she wears on her right hand. Jewellery experts Steven Stone said: “The ruby is a lustrous, deep red stone that has accrued special and symbolic meaning through time. “Through the ages, the ruby has represented nobility, purity, and passion. “Physically, rubies are believed to energise and balance, whilst encouraging a passion for life. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Danger becoming soap opera' William misses Harry To mark the birth of their first daughter, Princess Catharina-Amalia, the King of the Netherlands gifted Maxima with a ruby and diamond ring that she wears on her right hand. Jewellery experts Steven Stone said: “The ruby is a lustrous, deep red stone that has accrued special and symbolic meaning through time. “Through the ages, the ruby has represented nobility, purity, and passion. “Physically, rubies are believed to energise and balance, whilst encouraging a passion for life. “They are also said to overcome exhaustion and calm hyperactivity when worn daily.” In terms of the ring’s design, the experts added: “If that wasn’t enough, the ruby featured in this ring is incredibly special, as it’s a pigeon blood ruby, which is not only visually flawless, but also incredibly rare.” Managing Director Zack Stone commented on the ring’s value: “The stone looks to be in the range of four to four point five carats. DON'T MISS...Camilla broke tradition with wedding hat - 'not an easy look to nail!' [PICTURES]Three children - like Kate and Wills - is going out of fashion [COMMENT]Queen Letizia of Spain steps out wearing favourite grey check skirt [NEWS] “They are also said to overcome exhaustion and calm hyperactivity when worn daily.” In terms of the ring’s design, the experts added: “If that wasn’t enough, the ruby featured in this ring is incredibly special, as it’s a pigeon blood ruby, which is not only visually flawless, but also incredibly rare.” Managing Director Zack Stone commented on the ring’s value: “The stone looks to be in the range of four to four point five carats. “Taking into account its rarity, at the utmost quality, this ring could be worth more than £345,000 ($450,000).” For the birth of Princess Alexia, Queen Maxima was given an orange sapphire. This ring is often mistaken for her engagement ring as it features a similar orange gemstone. The orange sapphire is equally as rare as the orange diamond for Queen Maxima’s engagement ring. Steven Stone said: “Orange sapphire’s are believed to stimulate sexual strength and appetite and increase fertility, suggesting maybe the King wanted another child? If so, the powers of the sapphire definitely worked.” Zack Stone added: “ At around a whopping 10 carats, I’d estimate it to retail at £92,000 ($120,000). “While it’s notably similar to the engagement ring Queen Maxima wears, the setting of the stone is the most obvious way to distinguish the two.” To celebrate the birth of their youngest daughter, Princess Ariana, Willem-Alexander gifted Maxima with an emerald-cut diamond ring. Zack discussed the design and said: “This ring is incredible. Featuring what looks to be a seven to eight carat emerald cut diamond, I’d estimate its value to be approximately £420,000 ($540,000). “The stone will no doubt be of the highest quality – from looking at the images it looks almost flawless. “Featuring two smaller emerald cut stones on either side, three-stone rings are believed to represent the past, the present, and the future, however in this case, the stones could represent the couple’s three children.”