The Walking Dead season 11 is underway, and the show's final outing has fans wondering if the show will live on beyond its 2022 conclusion. With several spin-offs teased, a fatal blow was delivered when fan-favourite Melissa McBride divulged that her character, Carol Peletier, would not be joining Norman Reedus' Daryl Dixon in their recently announced standalone show. Fellow cast member Jeffrey Dean Morgan jumped to Norman's side after he received a negative reaction online. Norman has starred in the hit AMC show since it first aired in 2010. Despite Melissa announcing her departure, many fans took to social media to blast her 53-year-old colleague and vent their frustration. Jeffrey, who has played Negan in the show since 2016, jumped to his aid to ask viewers to stop their abusive messages. He tweeted: "Some of you have gone WAY too far. TOXIC. Read More: Ant McPartlin bandaged up by medics after suffering BGT injury "Attacking Norm for c**p he has NOTHING to do with? Melissa made a call that was hers alone." Pointing out that Melissa is an adult and can make her own decisions, he continued: "She wants/needs a break. Respect that. "Factors involved that are nobody's business. Norm, who's given more than anyone to you all. Just S***TY." Noticing the backlash the star was receiving, AMC themselves commented on the audience's reaction. @AMC_TV said: "We would like to acknowledge the response to this week's news related to the previously announced Daryl and Carol TWD spin-off. "Norman Reedus is being unfairly targeted and attacked in social media for a decision he had no part in… It is inappropriate to direct negativity and anger at another cast member for a disappointing outcome he had nothing to do with." The TV channel went on to defend Norman, stating that it was filming logistics with Melissa that unfortunately resulted in her exit from the production. Proclaiming that the "fans are a driving force" behind the show, they ended with: "Carol is a beloved and vital character, and we are working to find a way for fans to again follow her story, as only Melissa could give life to..." DON’T MISS…Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco in tears as she pays tribute to co-star 'Helped me so much' [LATEST]Naga Munchetty suffers mishap as she tells BBC Breakfast viewers Boris Johnson's in prison [LATEST]The Bay's Daniel Ryan's tribute to co-star ahead of new season 'Can survive cast change' [LATEST]   The final cycle has been split into three instalments, with parts A and B already aired, and part C set to air later this year. The spin-off is set to relocate to Europe, which caused the issue. An AMC spokesperson said: "Relocating to Europe became logistically untenable for Melissa at this time." Some loyal fans of the show believe that the exploration of Europe could reintroduce a much-loved character who stepped away from the show a few years ago.  Andrew Lincoln, who played Rick Grimes, appeared in 122 episodes and left during season nine in 2018 to spend more time with his family back in the UK. Several fans started to connect dots to deduce that maybe he could pop up in the European spin-off ahead of any future franchise appearances. @CatsTrustNoOne stated: "Well it appears to have been her choice. "Would be fantastic if filming was switched to Europe because Andrew Lincoln is going to be in it. That would also explain the lack of doing anything on the Rick Grimes movies." @lunes67713029 added: "Just a few thoughts from me... Maybe it'll be a Daryl/Rick spin-off? "With these ideas announced at the end of TWD Beyond? Maybe it's also set during the 11C time warp? Many new possibilities. Sad anyway. But maybe…" The Walking Dead seasons 1-11 are available to watch on AMC in the USA and Disney+ in the UK. 