A video, appearing to be filmed at the Queen’s Berkshire home has emerged on social media appearing to show some of the youngest members of the Royal Family sitting on a horse-drawn carriage in the castle's Quadrangle. It is not clear which of the monarch’s 12 great-grandchildren make an appearance in the footage. However, eagle eye royal fans pointed out that Prince William and Kate’s three children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis all appear to feature. The footage shows what appears to be the Duchess of Cambridge standing to the right of the carriage. Another royal face making an appearance is Princess Eugenie who holds on to her young son August's hands as he toddles around on the grass. Fans have speculated the footage must be from recently, as the Queen's granddaughter took to Instagram on Easter Monday to reveal that her one-year-old son had taken his very first steps. Eugenie shared two snaps to her Instagram story, while the Royal Family all visited the Queen and spent Easter with her at Windsor Castle. The video also appears to show Princess Beatrice's husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, taking photos, while a dog can also be seen running underneath the carriage. Royal fans have speculated the pup is the female cocker spaniel that belongs to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge whose name has not been revealed. Fan accounts for the Royal Family were excited by the footage, and one of the accounts called ‘The Cambridges News’ wrote: “So excited!!! The Queen's great-grandchildren at Windsor Castle!!! READ MORE: Princess Anne follows in Philip's footsteps with touching role “For sure we will have a new portrait for the Platinum Jubilee. This will be awesome. “Or maybe they are practising in the carriage for Trooping the Colour? What do you all think?” Royal fans could hardly contain their excitement on seeing the footage, including American_RF_Fan who wrote: “This is the cutest! The children's ease with each other...may it continue throughout their lives.” Another called Pamela wrote: “So much fun. The children are having fun and doesn’t want to sit down” while the user ‘Remisagoodboy’ added: “So excited to see this and can’t wait to find out what this is about.” Another fan account called ‘The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge Court’ shared the footage, writing: “Looks like HM’s GREAT grandchildren may also be part of the #PlatinumJubilee celebrations. DON'T MISS Dr Shola savaged after claiming royal Caribbean tour ‘failed’ [INSIGHT] 'Infectious smile' Queen delights royal fans in new pictures [PICTURES] Meghan Markle 'rules Harry' in royal relationship, theory claims [ANALYSIS] “Maybe during ITV’s #TheQueensPlatinumJubileeCelebration, a TV show that will be staged in the private grounds of Windsor Castle and air on 15th May?” One more called ‘BRFguards’ also tweeted about the footage using numerous heart-eyed emojis. Their caption reads: “OMG The Queen's great-grandchildren gathered at Windsor Castle. “Aside from visiting the Queen, they seemed to be preparing a CUTE SURPRISE for #PlatinumJubilee I'm sooooo excited. (The Cambridges' dog was also spotted).” Louis, the youngest of the three Cambridge children celebrated his fourth birthday at the weekend, making him the same age as his dad when he first rode in a carriage at Trooping the Colour in 1987. Young Prince William rode alongside his mum Princess Diana and great grandmother the Queen Mother at the event. Some royal fans pointed out that Meghan and Harry’s children Archie and Lilibet were not part of the group of royal cousins. One called Hilary wrote: “How lovely is this. It's so sad the Sussex's children are missing out of (sic) having fun and forming lifelong bonds with their cousins.” Another called Delilah added: “Not bothered about H & M aren't coming, in fact, I am relieved. But look at all the fun with their cousins Archie & Lili will be missing out on.” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex currently reside in Meghan’s home state of California with their two children. Lilibet, who celebrates her first birthday in June, has never met the Queen whose nickname she is named after. It is unlikely that members of the Royal Family have seen her big brother Archie, now two, since the Sussexes moved stateside.