Ellie the border collie was rescued with over 40 other dogs from a ramshackle barn in January 2021. All of the pups rescued, including Ellie, were completely unsocialised and had never gone outside. The dogs had also never worn a collar or been on a walk prior to being rescued. Since being taken in by RSPCA Cymru, staff at the charity’s Bryn-y-Maen Animal Centre in Upper Colwyn Bay have helped Ellie adjust and gain her confidence, as well as taking her on her first walk. Ellie has made lots of progress thanks to the hard work, patience and dedication of the centre’s staff, but is still looking for a home. The pup has spent more than 15 months in the care of the RSPCA, while others who were rescued have been rehomed. Ellie and Charlie, who is in the care of RSPCA’s Newport Animal Centre, are now the only dogs from the barn who are still looking for their perfect matches. This feat makes the duo the charity’s longest-staying dogs in Wales after waiting 450 days to find their new home. In total 45 dogs were removed from a property in mid-Wales after the owner agreed to work with the RSPCA when the situation got out of control, North Wales Live reports. The sheer number of dogs in the owner's care meant it was a struggle to meet their basic needs. READ MORE: Heartbreaking image of dog lying by its owner’s body in Ukraine A lack of shelter, parasite control and poor diet were all areas of concern for the pups. Victoria Williams, Bryn-y-Maen’s manager explained how staff have worked patiently with Ellie to build up her trust and confidence since being rescued. She said: “When Ellie arrived at the centre she was unsocialised and understandably nervous. She’d been living rough in inappropriate conditions in a dilapidated outhouse with 44 other dogs and had never experienced a normal life, so we’ve worked really hard to build up her trust and confidence. “For the first couple of months, we’d sit outside her kennel and throw in high-value treats. DON'T MISS Boy, 12, camps in garden for year to raise money for rescue dogs [INSIGHT] Dog owners told not to walk pets every day as trainer upends advice [REVEAL] Warning of dog attack EPIDEMIC fuelled by lockdown 'impulse buys' [REPORT] “Once she was comfortable with that we fed her through the kennel bars before letting her out in the main block, leaving food bowls in different areas and gradually introducing more staff around her. “The next step was to get her used to a collar and a lead, and about three months after she arrived, she was finally ready to go for a walk. "It was really important not to rush Ellie and to let her do everything at her own pace. “We took in five other dogs from the same farm and whilst they have all been rehomed since Ellie is still waiting. “She’s been with us a long time and has seen her friends from the barn all go off to new families, so we’d really love to see her settled and happy in her own home after everything she’s been through.” Prospective owners need to be understanding and patient with Ellie and be willing to continue to build her confidence. She would be best suited to be in a quiet rural or semi-rural environment, and in an adult-only home as the only pet. Additional reporting by David Powell