Royal expert Omid Scobie has argued that sending Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge to Jamaica and the Bahamas to counter rising anti-monarchism has not been enough to curb discontent among some Commonwealth nations. Mr Scobie told the Royal Report podcast: "I think partly through the fact that this was a trip celebrating the Queen's Jubilee and so it was sort of harking back to times of sort of, I guess when Royals were celebrated equally across the world. "I think it's sort of in the process completely forgot about being respectful or mindful of the sort of political climates in each country, or what each country is going through. "We've seen last year with Barbados becoming a republic and the reasons behind that were of course for them to finally sort of claim that independence they've had for so many decades. "So for that to actually mean something, it meant breaking away from the British monarchy." He added: "So of course, many other countries are thinking the same. "I think for whatever reason, it was felt by Kensington Palace that sending over two smiley royals in pretty clothes to sort of entertaining the locals would be enough, and it clearly wasn't." It comes after a media expert told Australian TV that the aides around Kate and William have not done enough to make the royal couple "relevant in the post-Facebook and streaming era." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been criticised for aspects of the couple's tour of the Caribbean, with some pointing out strong colonial overtones. Telamon Consulting Director Todd Hayward told Sky News Australia: "Look, they need to start spinning because they haven't changed the protocol or the schedule for a royal visit for about 100 years. "The Royals have not done enough and the people around them have not done enough to make them relevant in the post-Facebook and streaming era as well. "Back in the days when we grew up, there were three TV channels. "The world was simpler." DON'T MISS He added: "The royals were so relevant. "But now they are competing with all the other royal families, the Kardashians. "So they need to do something I think my opinion is back to what Diana did because she actually forged a connection with people. "What are they doing for the people of Jamaica?" 