Russian broadcaster Olga Skabeyeva, a vocal supporter of Vladimir Putin and a backer of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, insisted Moscow is now effectively at war with NATO. She suggested the sinking of the cruiser Moskva in the Black Sea signalled the "special military operation" Putin launched in February had escalated to a new level. The Russia 1 presenter said the hit showed Russia is now fighting not only against NATO-provided weaponry but the alliance itself in what she called "World War 3." Skabeyeva said: "What it's escalated into can safely be called World War 3. "That's entirely for sure. "Now we're definitely fighting against NATO infrastructure, if not NATO itself. "We need to recognise that." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE LIVE BLOG She added: "Against the United States of America. "24/7 they're supplying weapons via the railways, through Poland, delivering weapons. "It's definitely not a joke that we should seriously think about destroying the railways' junctions. But there's an issue, they keep on coming. Leaders need to be warned." The warning comes despite Russia rejecting Ukraine contributed to the sinking of the Moskva with a missile attack. READ MORE: 'Would YOU live in Rwanda?' Adil Ray erupts at Tory MP 'It's not good enough for you!' Moscow has maintained the ship ran aground on the way back to port after a fire erupted on the cruiser. However, reports from Kyiv suggested the ship sunk after Russian forces attempted to engage a Ukrainian drone serving as a distraction while defence forces launched an attack from the back. As many as 450 Russia soldiers have reportedly sunk alongside the ship. While Russia has maintained Ukraine played no role in the sinking, officials pledged retaliation and launched a series of new attacks on the Ukrainian capital. DON'T MISS: Putin' has a 'doomsday plane' that can withstand a nuclear blast [ANALYSIS] Bizarre ‘portal from hell’ opens up in California lake [PHOTO] Bulgaria and Greece break EU ranks with new nuclear plan [INSIGHT] Moscow has maintained the ship ran aground on the way back to port after a fire erupted on the cruiser. However, reports from Kyiv suggested the ship sunk after Russian forces attempted to engage a Ukrainian drone serving as a distraction while defence forces launched an attack from the back. As many as 450 Russia soldiers have reportedly sunk alongside the ship. The strikes come as President Volodymyr Zelensky warned Putin is running out of time to sit at the negotiating table, as analysts now suggest Ukraine may well win the war in the coming weeks. Russia is believed to have hoped for a blitzkrieg lasting mere days before securing overall control of Ukraine. But the national defence force, as well as civilians, have shown their commitment to expelling the invader, joining forces to push back against Russia. Russian troops were forced to pull back from northern Ukraine after a tank convoy became stuck on the way to Kyiv, and several of the armoured vehicles were taken out by drone attack. Soldiers have now been redeployed to the east of Ukraine, near the areas of Donbas, Luhansk, and Donetsk where Russia has a stronger hold of both the area and the people. The shift in focus comes as Putin hopes to achieve at least a semblance of victory ahead of the May 9 Victory Day celebrations. Attempts are now expected to create a robust corridor linking the Russia-controlled areas in the east to Crimea, which was forcefully annexed in 2014. The strikes come as President Volodymyr Zelensky warned Putin is running out of time to sit at the negotiating table, as analysts now suggest Ukraine may well win the war in the coming weeks. Russia is believed to have hoped for a blitzkrieg lasting mere days before securing overall control of Ukraine. But the national defence force, as well as civilians, have shown their commitment to expelling the invader, joining forces to push back against Russia.