As Russian attacks continue to leave parts of Ukraine destroyed and the death toll rises, calls for tougher action and sanctions from the UK government continue to surge. Discussing the war on his self-titled Channel 5 talk show on Friday, Jeremy Vine offered up a rare moment of warmth from Ukraine to guests Iain Dale and Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu. The moment in question was a clip that emerged online to show a Ukrainian man reunited with his dog after they’d been separated during the attacks. In the heartwarming video, the dog can be seen sprinting towards its owner before frantically and excitedly jumping into his arms. The pooch yelps and cries as he’s finally brought back to his owner as the love shines through the clip. “(He’s like) everybody see, my best buddy’s here!” Dr Shola beamed after watching the moment. READ MORE: Adil Ray blasted by guest for 'gaslighting' GMB 'staring' debate But Jeremy offered up a different stance on the matter, asking Iain: “Is it wrong to focus on moments like that, Iain?” “No -“ Iain began before becoming choked up at the emotional impact of the video. “Sorry… I’m quite emotional,” the tearful broadcaster admitted, visibly touched by the reunion. Regaining his composure, Iain shut down Jeremy’s line of questioning: “No, it’s not. “It’s human interest,” he continued. “I think wars are terrible things but remarkable things can also happen in conflicts. “And I think when you look at those pictures and listen to that dog… “I mean, I’ve got two dogs, I sort of think how they would react, they would be more excited I think,” Iain added. Jeremy then weighed back in: “I know that it was - when we had that flattening in Fallujah and in Syria, there was a group of people who said all the pets have lost their owners and they’re just feral now. DON'T MISS:Vera's Kenny Doughty opens up on reuniting with teacherAdil Ray and Thornberry clash as he exposes Labour hypocrisy 'I'm absolutely devastated' Alison Hammond upset over Strictly exit “And there was just a second where people were concerned about it and their attention moved on,” Jeremy said. He went on: “But I do think animals at war should take a moment of our time, shouldn't they?” The panel agreed after watching the heartwarming moment replay on screens. And it wasn’t just Iain who was left emotional and moved by the reunion. Taking to Twitter, Jeremy Vine viewer Jojo said: “Just cried my eyes out at the dog reunited with its owner on #JeremyVine.” Steve Clark added: Just made me feel how much humans have let them down! Dogs and cats don't make war! #JeremyVine.” While Charlotte Lewis took aim at Jeremy’s probe: “Huh? Why would it be wrong #JeremyVine, dogs are family.” (Sic) Jeremy Vine airs weekdays at 9:15am on Channel 5.