Hector Bellerin wants to leave Arsenal and join Real Betis on a permanent deal this summer, according to reports. Bellerin is currently on loan at the La Liga outfit and wants to extend his stay there. The right-back has enjoyed a successful spell so far in Spain. He helped the club win the Copa del Rey on Saturday at Estadio La Cartuja, just the fourth trophy in their history. Bellerin's father supports Betis, which was part of the reason he took a wage cut to join them last summer. And the Mirror claims he wants to make the move on a full-time basis at the end of this season. Bellerin has been an Arsenal player since 2011 and has made 239 appearances for the Gunners. But it appears he will not be adding to that tally. READ MORE: Man Utd ace Paul Pogba receives 'first official contract offer' after Man City rejection  He won three FA Cups during his time at the Emirates but he was never the same player after suffering an anterior cruciate knee ligament injury in January 2019. He made 35 appearances in all competitions last season but made it clear to manager Mikel Arteta that he wanted to leave. Arsenal signed Takehiro Tomiyasu on deadline day last summer as a replacement for Bellerin. But Arteta is set to be in the market again for a right-back in the close season. Middlesbrough's Djed Spence has been linked with the Gunners in recent months. Southampton's Tino Livramento has also caught Arteta's eye but the England under-21 international has now suffered a serious knee injury of his own to end chances of a move to north London this summer. DON'T MISSNewcastle handed green light to complete Hugo Ekitike transfer with two rivals interested [GOSSIP]Arsenal could pair Gabriel Jesus with '£10m' partner to forge little-and-large duo [TRANSFERS]Mbappe to Real Madrid on the rocks as PSG ace breaks agreement with dizzying demand [REPORT]  Tomiyasu has only just returned from three months out with injuries to both of his calves. Speaking earlier this year, Bellerin admitted he was a fan of the Japan international and impressed by how Arsenal were performing. "Arsenal are doing amazing and that makes me so happy," he told Wrighty's House podcast. The player they got in my position – Tomiyasu – he is doing great. No hard feelings. “It is beautiful to see because I still watch every game and I want the guys to do well. It’s how football goes. You need to see when it is your time and when it is not.  “I always said to the club if I leave this place I don’t want to leave you guys without anyone in my position or in a position when you guys can’t be on the best terms. I want the best for all of us. "I have been at Arsenal for 10 years and I love this place. It worked out for everyone and that’s what truly shows me it was the right thing to do. “It makes me happy to see the boys doing well.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here