 Season three of All Creatures Great and Small is set to air later this year and viewers can expect to see their favourite Darrowby residents James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph), Siegfried Farnon (Samuel West), Mrs Hall (Anna Madeley), and Helen Alderson (Rachel Shenton) returning to Channel 5 screens with plenty of wholesome content to feast on. Playing the role of a farmer’s daughter, actor Rachel let viewers in on a huge secret about Helen’s style of clothes.    When addressing her character’s choice of clothes, Rachel said the wardrobe department is “careful” with what they select for her. She explained: “This is a girl who has to get up at 5am to do the chickens and muck out the horses and bring the bull in.” Revealing whom they model her style on, the former Hollyoaks star said: “We tip the cap as well to the real Joan Wight, who Helen’s based on. “The first woman in her village to wear trousers, in the 1930s,” she told PBS Masterpiece. READ MORE:Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles pays tribute to co-star The popular Channel 5 series is loosely based on the novels by Alf Wight, whose pen name was James, the leading vet. Only one significant fact has been changed in the series, as it turns out his wife, Helen, whose real name was Joan, was actually a corn-mill secretary, so impecunious that her marriage dowry to him was half-ownership of a pig she jointly reared. Moreover, Joan encouraged her husband to take up writing, which he eventually did around the age of 50. Since the success of seasons one and two of the televised remake, viewers have followed James and Helen intently as their love story has continued to be at the heart of the show. After snapshots of the couple were released, showing the pair walking hand in hand outside of a wedding church, fans were sent into meltdown. New pictures obtained revealed that much-loved characters will finally tie the knot in the new series. Speaking about what to expect from the third outing, creator Ben Vanstone teased: “In season three, Helen and James have become engaged, so I think it’s fair to say there may be a marriage on the horizon, perhaps. “It’s 1939, so it will come as no surprise that war is looming and that will increasingly cast a shadow over our characters’ lives.” Furthermore, Rachel addressed what it’s really like working alongside her castmates, with whom she films in the Yorkshire Dales. The Oscar-winning actress gushed: “It sounds really cheesy but to get to go to work and not only enjoy the material that you're working on, to enjoy where you're working but more importantly, the people that you're with.” “I couldn't really have asked for a better company and a better ensemble.” Turning to her co-star Ralph, she chuckled: “Apart from, you know [him], there's always one.” Speaking on the Talkshire podcast, Rachel continued: “No, really, though, really looking at the cast." She went on to tell listeners: “It's been the best bit, I’m so corny but everybody gets on so well. "It really makes the job easier and everyone cares," the 34-year-old said. Channel 5 has renewed the show for a third and fourth series, with six episodes on offer for each season whilst there will also be two special festive episodes in the coming years. All Creatures Great and Small is available to stream on My5