A huge region of high pressure building to the north of the UK will grind against low pressure directly to the south. In between, a current of North Sea winds will funnel across the nation driving temperatures in parts close to freezing. Britons should pile on ‘extra layers’ amid warnings for frosts and bitter easterly winds through the next 10 days at least. Met Office meteorologist Luke Miall said: “High pressure starts to drift towards the north of the UK this weekend allowing lower pressure to develop to the south of the UK. “This means we start to see an easterly feed to our winds and with this it will turn cooler over the next few days. “We will continue to see easterly winds dragging in the winds from the North Sea and this will peg back temperatures through the rest of this month. “It will start to feel that little bit colder particularly if you are on the eastern side of the UK where we will see those cooler winds coming in from the North Sea.” Temperatures will start to tumble through the coming days as western regions cling on to the last flush of sunshine.  Temperatures will sink to freezing overnight with highs of just 16C by day, according to the Met Office’s Greg Dewhurst. He said: “The easterly breeze will be a big feature of this weekend’s weather. “Looking at the pressure pattern for Saturday, low pressure sat to the south of the UK high pressure sat to the north will bring a brisk easterly flow across the whole of the UK. “The noticeable feature will be the wind on Saturday gusting at 25 to 30mph coming in off the North Sea. “In the best of the sunshine, we expect highs of 15 or 16C, but under the cloud you might need another layer handy if you are stuck under the cloud as it will feel chillier than of late.” After taking a flurry of bets on the hottest April on record, bookies are now opening their books for a spring chiller. Coral is offering 3-1 on next month entering the record books with 2-1 on May snow in London.  Spokesman Harry Aitkenhead said: “By the time April ends, the Easter sunshine will be a distant memory. “We have slashed the odds on May being the coldest since records began in the UK and also on snow falling in the capital.” Cold weather could hold out for the next 10 days at least with little hope of sunshine before the start of May. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “We are not really expecting any change now until well into May. “The outlook for the following fortnight is pretty gloomy, with an easterly influence bringing much lower temperatures compared to earlier this month. “The main driver is high pressure over Scandinavia which will help to steer cooler winds off the North Sea.” Exacta Weather’s James Madden added: “The start of May looks to deliver more in the way of cooler temperatures and cloud. “Temperatures are expected to lift during the second half of the month.”  Weather models reveal temperatures sinking back to freezing or below through the next couple of weeks. Bitter winds will make it feel close to -4C in Scotland and northern regions while feel-like temperatures will hover around freezing widely. Weather trending’s John Hammond said: “As high pressure retreats further to our northwest, so fresh waves of Arctic air will be pushed towards us. “Cool air, clear skies and light winds are a recipe for overnight frost - even as May approaches.” 