Barcelona have made Robert Lewandowski their main transfer target over Erling Haaland because of his affordability and the fact he’d provide an immediate goal return, according to reports. The Poland international’s future in Bavaria is currently up in the air. And it’s possible he’ll be strutting his stuff in Catalonia next term. Barcelona are keen on signing a new striker this summer, despite the impressive start Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has enjoyed to his Nou Camp career. And Lewandowski is their main target, with the Poland international open to leaving Bayern Munich for a new challenge elsewhere. According to Sport, Barcelona had previously set their sights on landing Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund. However, with the finances of a deal putting the Norway international beyond their reach, they’re now eyeing Lewandowski instead. It’s stated Barcelona believe that, due to his contractual situation, the 33-year-old is worth targeting. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Lewandowski has just a year left on his Bayern contract, with the Bundesliga titans struggling to get him to sign a renewal. And Barcelona believe that means Julian Nagelsmann’s side will have to sell their talisman on the cheap, despite his stunning form this term. A second reason Xavi’s team are eyeing Lewandowski is because they believe he can immediately produce the goods. The veteran is in the peak years of his career, netting a remarkable 47 goals across all competitions so far. And Barcelona feel he’d require precious little bedding in time, making him an appealing proposition in the process. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Regarding Haaland, three teams are frontrunners when it comes to securing the signature of the Dortmund star. Manchester City are in the mix to recruit the striker, with reports suggesting they’ve already agreed a £500,000-a-week contract with the striker. Real Madrid can’t be ruled out, even if their preference is to raid Paris Saint-Germain for Kylian Mbappe. And PSG themselves are interested, especially if Mbappe quits the Parc des Princes for free this summer. Oliver Kahn, meanwhile, has admitted Bayern require time when it comes to keeping hold of Lewandowski this summer. “Players who have performed well at this club for many years are outstanding,” he said. “Robert became a world-class footballer with us. Robert is a player who has the potential to score 30 to 40 goals every year. “Of course, at some point, players like this get the idea that ‘I’ve achieved everything here and won everything’. Then it takes time to convince him to stay here.” Bayern legend Lothar Matthaus has criticised his old side’s handling of Lewandowski’s contract situation. “I would have extended Lewandowski’s contract much earlier,” he said. “Lewandowski has twice become world footballer, and if you have the chance to tie such a player to you, then you should do everything for it. “I don’t look at age, but at performance. If there were four or five players like that in the squad, then you should think about who could still be important next year and where a change should take place. “But every team would like to have a Lewandowski in their ranks. “In the last ten years he played 95 percent of all games. “That’s why Dortmund didn’t play so consistently this season, because you depend on these players in top form.”