Doctor Who made a swashbuckling return to viewers' screens on Sunday, April 17, with Jodie making her penultimate appearance as the Doctor. Last year Jodie announced she was leaving the BBC sci-fi series after five years and left fans guessing who would be taking over the role. In a trailer that followed the Easter special, it showed fellow Doctor Who stars Teagan Jovanka (played by Janet Fielding) and Ace (Sophie Aldred) are set to join Jodie during the final special episode and will see the Doctor regenerate into the new actor/actress. During this Sunday's Easter special, Legend of the Sea Devils, the Doctor, Yaz (Mandip Gill) and Dan (John Bishop) went back in time to the 19th century. They ended up clashing with a notorious pirate queen, Madame Ching (Crystal Yu), who was on the hunt for some legendary lost treasure. Whilst on the hunt, an old enemy, was rising from the depths of the sea, and the Doctor was soon drawn into a confrontation with the ocean-dwelling Sea Devils. At the end of the episode, a short teaser revealed the last episode of the trio of specials will feature the Doctor's arch-enemy, The Master (Sacha Dhawan) and two of her most famous foes, the Daleks and the Cybermen. READ MORE: Jane McDonald has 'awkward' moment as she boards boat in travel show It also teased the return of two Doctor Who veterans who starred in the BBC series back in the 80s. Australian air stewardess Teagan appeared on the show between 1981 and 1984 as a companion to both Tom Baker and Peter Davison's Doctors. Since her departure from the show, she hasn't appeared on screen in almost 40 years, making Doctor Who her debut comeback. Speaking about her time on the show in the 80s, she said: "In some ways, it was a very different experience to what it was like when I finished recording in 1983, but in many ways, it was very similar. "It was so lovely to be a working member of the Doctor Who family again." Ace was in the BBC Series from 1987 to 1989 alongside Sylvester McCoy's seventh Doctor and expressed: "It's been quite a challenge to have such a big secret to keep, even from my family, and I couldn't be more thrilled and excited to have been asked back. "I hope everyone enjoys it as much as I adored being part of the TARDIS team again." Ace was the show's final companion before it went on a 16-year hiatus before writer and producer Russell T Davies revived it in 2005, with Christopher Eccleston taking on the role of the Doctor. DON'T MISS...Doctor Who cast: Who stars in Legend of the Sea Devils? [INSIGHT]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker could be replaced by Danny Dyer  [LATEST]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker 'should be replaced by Whoopi Goldberg'  [WATCH] Jodie took on the role of the 13th Doctor in 2017 and made history by becoming the first woman ever to play the Time Lord. There is just one more episode to go before the replacement for Jodie is revealed, with many fans speculating who they think will take over. Whoever it is that takes over from Jodie is rejoining the series at the same time as Russell T Davies, as he has been confirmed as the new writer for the show's 60th-anniversary series. In December 2021, he revealed to the Guardian: "I’ve already written some of the episodes. The first will go out in November 2023, that’s the 60th anniversary of the show." There has been significant speculation over the last couple of weeks that David Tennant will return as the 14th Doctor. Bookmaker Coral has reported that "four in five bets" placed on the next Doctor Who market have been for David Tennant over the last seven days. "It has been 12 years now since David Tennant left the iconic role of Doctor Who. Many punters believe he is set for a sensational return, replacing Jodie Whittaker," said Coral's John Hill. "It has been one-way traffic in our betting for the Scottish actor who is now odds-on to be the next permanent Time Lord." Odds for David Tennant stand at 4:5, with Lydia West close behind at 4:1, Danny Dyer at 10:1 and Michael Sheen at 16:1. Doctor Who: Legend of the Sea Devils is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.