Boris Johnson used the unannounced visit to set out a new package of financial and military aid. The Prime Minister has pledged to send 120 armoured vehicles in "a show of our unwavering support for the people of Ukraine". Mr Johnson has been praised on Twitter for his visit with many comparing him to Winston Churchill. Oliver Tonkin wrote: "I ask myself, would I go for a walk in downtown Kyiv today? Honestly, probably not. Pretty brave of Boris to be honest. Good on him." While Andrew Green added: "Boris is of course walking in the giant footsteps of Winston Churchill, who flew around the globe in ww2, over enemy territory, often with little fighter escort. "I salute Boris for doing this today." Bernd Schuller noted: "Boris has caught a lot of criticism from The Good And The Righteous, but you have got to hand it to him, he's doing Britain proud here." READ MORE: China launches sensational attack on NATO Rich Lovell said: "Well I never, you’ve tried desperately, along with your peers, to bring this man down. He has stood up to you and your colleagues and held firm." It follows an urgent appeal by the Ukrainians for more weapons - including armoured vehicles - ahead of an expected Russian offensive on the eastern Donbas region, already part held by pro-Moscow separatists. Mr Johnson said that while Russian forces attacking Kyiv had suffered a defeat, their withdrawal was "tactical" as they prepared to refocus their military efforts on the east. He strongly condemned the "war crimes" being uncovered in the wake of their departure, with scores of bodies of civilians who have been shot and killed being reported by the Ukrainian authorities. "I think what Putin has done in places like Bucha and Irpin, his war crimes have permanently polluted his reputation and the reputation of his government," he said. Britain's Ministry of Defence said the retreating Russian troops had left behind evidence of the "disproportionate targeting of non-combatants". In its latest intelligence assessment, it said this included "the presence of mass graves, the fatal use of hostages as human shields, and mining of civilian infrastructure". Mr Zelensky welcomed the UK's "decisive and significant support" for his country as he urged other Western allies to intensify the pressure on Moscow. DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Boris-bashers savaged as UK takes centre stage [LIVE]NATO chief hints full-scale military force could be placed permanently [INSIGHT]'F***ing kill them' Russian commander orders troops to shoot civilians [ANALYSIS] "We have to exert pressure in the form of sanctions. It is time to impose a complete embargo on Russian energy resources. They should increase the amount of weapons being supplied," he said. As well as the additional equipment Mr Johnson also confirmed further economic support, guaranteeing an additional 500 million dollars (£385 million) in World Bank lending to Ukraine, taking total UK loan guarantees to one billion dollars (£770 million). There were no immediate details of the armoured vehicles being sent, although Defence Secretary Ben Wallace indicated during a visit to Romania on Friday that they would be Mastiff six-wheel-drive patrol vehicles. According to an intelligence assessment by the UK Ministry of Defence, Russian forces were continuing to hit non-military targets like the train station at Kramatorsk. At least 52 people died and many more were injured when a missile struck the station which was packed with thousands of women and children seeking to flee westwards ahead of the Russian advance.