Manchester United must ship out the "troublemakers" in the squad this summer, according to Liverpool legend Steve Nicol. Erik ten Hag is reportedly the chosen candidate to become the next United boss and Nicol believes plenty of work needs to be done in the close season. The Red Devils suffered a damaging 1-0 loss at relegation-threatened Everton on Saturday. Anthony Gordon's deflected first-half strike was enough to see off Ralf Rangnick's side. United are now six points off the top four following Tottenham's 4-0 win at Aston Villa later in the day. Nicol believes it is clear there are a number of United players who do not like each other. The pundit says they are not prepared to fight for their team-mates. And therefore he thinks they must be moved on in the summer and replaced by "good characters". READ MORE: Robin van Persie 'considering Man Utd offer' to join Erik ten Hag if Ajax boss takes job  Nicol told ESPN FC: "Other than the fact that they had a Manchester United strip on, you wouldn't have known it was Manchester United. The thing I took from this game is that this side doesn't like each other. "This is a side where the dressing room has to be broken up. The troublemakers have to be turfed out and you have to bring good characters in. "This is what a team that doesn't get on plays like. Nobody runs for each other, nobody is backing anybody up, nobody is running the extra yard for any reason at all. "They're just all running around, biding their time until the end of the season. This is the worst Everton side and the worst Manchester United side that I can ever remember, but at least Everton had some fight and some spirit. DON'T MISSAmerican billionaire Ken Griffin makes Chelsea transfer promise if takeover gets go-ahead [QUOTES]How Man Utd missed out on 7 world-class stars including Mane and Robben for £46m [TRANSFERS]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel given Real Madrid headache by two stars after Southampton win [OPINION]  "This United side had nothing, they were going through the motions." Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims Ten Hag wants full control of player movement both in and out of United, so will hope to be able to put his stamp on the squad as Nicol suggested. Meanwhile, United interim Rangnick was at a loss that his side didn't score against a struggling Everton team. He said: "If you don't score in 95 minutes against a team that conceded three goals against Burnley, and we scored three goals against Tottenham, it's difficult to explain that. “Even for us, as the coaching staff, it's not so easy to understand why we didn't create more chances in a game like this. The only thing that we can do right now is stick together and try to improve and raise the level of performance in the next games.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here