On Monday, ITV host Ben Shephard was back with a brand new series of Tipping Point. However, just minutes into the programme, viewers were left unimpressed by the show's format change. Instead of the usual four contestants taking on the Tipping Point machine, there were only three players. Joe, Clifton and Amahra went head to head as they tried to knock down as many counters as possible. The person with the most money in their bank would then go on to the final. Taking to social media to share their frustrations about the show shake-up, user @GFFurness fumed on Twitter: "#TippingPoint only has 3 contestants! This is weird." "3 players? Wtf? #tippingpoint," @DoughTroup raged as Sharon penned: "OCD’s through the roof now… I hate change! #TippingPoint." (sic) READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry Darren went on to tweet: "What is this sorcery?? #tippingpoint." While Ash Williams asked: "What's going on where's the fourth player?! #tippingpoint." (sic) Viewers also spotted a change to the second round of the ITV quiz show. Usually, the contestant with the lowest amount of money in their bank would have been eliminated in the first round.  The remaining contestants in round two would then have 30 seconds each to answer as many questions correctly as possible. The more questions they answered, the more counters they would win for the Tipping Point machine. Instead, each of the players got 45 seconds to answer the quickfire questions rather than 30 seconds. As the round came to an end, poor Joe had only won £400 and so was sent home. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Amy Barlow blamed for Summer Spellman death [SPOILERS]Steve Fletcher opens up on getting sister Suzie Repair Shop role [INSIGHT]Vera star speaks on having exclusive access to key location [NEWS] This meant Clifton and Amahra had to battle it out for a place in the final. After a tense round, Amahra sailed through to the final round in the hopes of winning the £10,000 jackpot. Despite sailing through to the final, luck wasn't on Amahra's side as she struggled to answer the quickfire questions correctly. The £10,000 jackpot counter also failed to move from the top shelf, and so in the end, the player decided to take the £2,950 she'd won rather than risk it all. During Monday's This Morning, host Ben also discussed the changes to the show with Vernon Kay and Josie Gibson. "There's a big change. There'll be three contestants on each show, instead of four," the presenter said. "It remains to be seen how this will impact the way the rounds are played, as one contestant usually leaves after each set of questions and answers. "We love the support we've had from so many watching it, 10 years of Tipping Point, thank you to everyone who has watched it. "The new series starts at 4pm today, few changes for this series as well, you can see there are only three contestants so you'll get to see that in the daytime shows at 4pm on ITV." Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.