 Call the Midwife fans were sad to see actress Helen George was absent for much of season 11. The actress, who plays Nurse Trixie Franklin in the period drama, recently took a break from the show to go on maternity leave. She appeared for some early episodes of season 11, but her character soon left Nonnatus House to visit her unwell godmother in Italy. However, Helen has now confirmed it won’t be long before fan favourite Trixie makes her comeback to Poplar.    Call the Midwife has proved to be a hit with BBC viewers over the years and has already been renewed for two more seasons. The planned seasons 12 and 13 mean the drama is expected to continue to air until at least 2024. In a recent interview, the cast of Call the Midwife opened up about the show returning to screens. Megan Cusack, who plays Nancy Corrigan in the series, teased that the cast will soon start working on new episodes. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in...  When asked if filming had started on season 12, she replied: “Not quite yet, but it’s coming very soon. “So I’m really excited just to get together with everyone again because everyone’s so lovely. “It’s like a family. The crew are great. It’s great craic,” Megan remarked. “It’s that weird time in between where you’re like, ‘I’d actually just like to be with everyone still’,” the actress added.    Helen also shared her thoughts on returning for the twelfth season of Call the Midwife. Revealing her excitement to get back to filming, the actress highlighted how different the experience is likely to be. She explained: “Not too long to go, and also what’s nice is we’re not going to have COVID restrictions for the first time in a few years, which will be wonderful for us all.” Sharing her eagerness for filming to commence, Laura Main chimed in: “Yes, there will be no perspex involved. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street spoilers: Summer makes worrying health confession [SPOILERS]Jane McDonald falls into the sea while paddleboarding [WATCH]‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show [MUST SEE]  “We can kiss, we can touch and do what we do,” she told Radio Times. Laura plays Shelagh Turner in Call the Midwife, who may have a prominent role in season 12. The new season will likely follow Shelagh’s journey as she helps her husband Dr. Patrick Turner (played by Stephen McGann) recover from the trauma of the horrifying train crash. No official release date has currently been given for season 12 of Call the Midwife, but it’s expected to air at some point in 2023.    The upcoming season is planned to be made up of eight hour-long episodes. However, fans will be glad to know they’ll see another adventure from the residents of Nonnatus House before next year. Call the Midwife is set to air a Christmas special during the 2022 festive period. Call the Midwife seasons 1 to 11 are available to stream on BBC iPlayer. 