Last week, Prime minister Boris Johnson announced the new plan, which would increase the country’s self-reliance on energy, particularly to prevent shocks arising from global fossil fuel markets and geopolitical conflicts, like Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. In the paper, the Government placed a particular focus on wind energy, announcing an ambition to deliver up to 50GW by 2030.  Describing the UK as the “Saudi Arabia of wind power”, the UK aims to generate nearly half of its renewable energy generation from wind. However, Lord Frost warned that relying on wind power without having sufficient “reliable” backup in the form of natural gas, could lead to energy rationing in the UK as a result of shortages. He told LBC: “I wasn’t massively convinced that the energy security paper really changed anything much. “I think it doesn’t deal with the problem that it's all very well to build on wind power, but it needs backup by other power for when the wind doesn’t blow.  “My worry is that he [Mr Johnson] is not engaging with the trade-offs, it won’t be possible to deliver net zero on the timetable they want and we’ll end up with rationing and behavioural change. “I think that’s an extremely bad outcome and I don’t think that the British people will put up with it.” This comes as figures reveal that wind turbines in UK set a new record for power generation in the first three months of 2022, producing nearly as much electricity as gas-fired power stations. According to data from market specialist EnAppSys, renewable energy has produced more power than gas and coal for the second time ever, the previous time being the first quarter of 2020. READ MORE: UK lays out new green roadmap to 'get energy independence back' However, Lord Frost warned that if the UK doesn’t have enough power on the grid in the next decade, the shortages could happen. He added: “I notice that one of the things that could happen, the government said they would nationalise the grid managers in one of the papers last week so the Government would have control over things it doesn’t at the moment. “I think it's really important that we don’t go down that road, it’s really important that our current policy, by not investing in securing reliable power ie gas over the next ten years risks taking us into that situation. “I think last week’s paper, reassured me on that.” DON'T MISS: Solar storm: Blackout risk as NASA wants of 'direct hit' on Earth [REVEAL] Japan humiliates EU with blueprint to cut Russia ties  [REPORT] Solar storm warning: 'Radiation risk' as 'major' event rocks Earth [INSIGHT]