The Tesla chief executive's offer price of £41.34 ($54.20) per share was 38 percent higher than the closing price of Twitter's stock on April 1, a day before his investment of 9.2 percent in the company was made public. The total value of the deal was calculated based on 763.58 million shares outstanding, according to Refinitiv data.    The shock offer comes after Mr Musk rejected an offer to join Twitter's board earlier this week after disclosing his stake in the company. It was a move which analysts said signalled his intention to take over the company because a board seat would have limited his stake to just under 15 percent. Mr Musk said in a letter to Twitter Chairman Bret Taylor: "I invested in Twitter as I believe in its potential to be the platform for free speech around the globe, and I believe free speech is a societal imperative for a functioning democracy. "Since making my investment I now realize the company will neither thrive nor serve this societal imperative in its current form. Twitter needs to be transformed as a private company." "My offer is my best and final offer and if it is not accepted, I would need to reconsider my position as a shareholder."   In a Tweet, which included a link to the regulatory filing detailing the bid, Mr Musk simply said: "I made an offer". The news was welcomed by Twitter user Pranay Pathole who tweeted: "This is honestly the best thing that could happen to Twitter & to its users. Elon is an avid supporter of free speech & he truly believes that a lot of major improvements are possible for Twitter." Fellow Twitter user T.J. Moe tweeted: "Leftists are so conditioned to have platforms tilted in their direction, they don’t even have to defend their positions because those who oppose them get banned. The best outcome here is Elon buying Twitter, making it completely neutral, & creating a robust marketplace of ideas." Tim Swain, a candidate for the House of Representatives, tweeted: "This is great news! Thank you for recognizing how important it is to have free speech on our world’s largest social media platforms and doing something about it."  READ MORE ABOUT RAF JETS SCRAMBLED OVER SCOTLAND The tech billionaire has amassed more than 80 million followers since joining Twitter in 2009 and has used the platform to make several announcements, including teasing a go-private deal for Tesla which landed him in hot water with regulators. Mr Musk said Morgan Stanley was the financial adviser for the offer, which was disclosed in a regulatory filing on Thursday. Twitter shares jumped 12 percent after the takeover offer. Mr Musk has been a vocal critic of Twitter in recent weeks, alleging that the platform falls short on free speech principles.   DON'T MISS: Scottish voters handed 'golden opportunity' to kick SNP out [LATEST] Massive US Air Force jet spotted over Scotland [REVEALED] London's Blackheath sees 'serious disorder' - Parents issued warning [REPORT] He has described himself as a "free speech absolutist". Twitter has angered followers of former US President Donald Trump as well as other right wing politicians who have seen their accounts suspended for reportedly violating the platform's content standards on violence, hate or harmful misinformation. The Tesla Inc Chief Executive disclosed on Monday that he had abandoned a plan to join Twitter Inc's board just as his tenure was about to start. It was the latest move by the world's richest man that defied US corporate norms. According to Reuters news agency, there was no sign Twitter was worried that a hostile bid from Mr Musk was imminent. In announcing the development, Twitter disclosed no shareholder rights plan, known as a "poison pill," which would force dilution if Mr Musk tried to raise his stake above a certain threshold. However, Twitter Chief Executive Parag Agrawal warned Twitter employees on Sunday of "distractions ahead" in a possible reference to Mr Musk's criticism of the company via a series of tweets. He said at the time that he believed Mr Musk's withdrawal was "for the best".  On Monday, Mr Musk deleted many of the tweets he posted last weekend about the social media platform. The tweets ranged from a call to remove advertising on Twitter to dropping the letter "w" in the company's name.