Jurgen Klopp has sparked concern after the Liverpool manager admitted Mohamed Salah is going through a "tough period" just days before their crunch Premier League meeting with Manchester City. The Egyptian was uncharacteristically wasteful when the Reds travelled to Lisbon on Tuesday night, where they came away with a 3-1 victory over Benfica. Liverpool may be forgiven for prioritising the Premier League during the final weeks of the season, but an early Ibrahima Konate header put them in the driver's seat in their Champions League quarter-final first-leg. A stunning three-way link-up between Trent Alexander-Arnold, Luis Diaz and Sadio Mane led to the second and, despite Darwin Nunez pulling one back for the rallying hosts, Diaz rounded the goalkeeper late on to restore Liverpool's two-goal buffer. It was still a night to forget in front of goal for Salah, who was guilty of missing a cluster of good chances. "Every player in that situation wants to score and it’s clear Mo wants to score as well," said Klopp after the game, "It’s a tough period, the boys came back from Africa, that’s really not easy. Massive pressure. They need some time to settle, everything will be fine." JUST IN: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic Indeed, Salah was dealt another dose of international heartbreak last week when Mane's Senegal qualified for the 2022 World Cup at his country's expense after missing a penalty in the decisive shootout. Mane also prevailed over Salah in the Africa Cup of Nations final back in February. A 'tough period' will be music to the ears of Man City fans, whose team kept up their own momentum with a narrow victory over Atletico Madrid on Tuesday. Diego Simeone's side were set up to defend but a moment of brilliance from Phil Foden set up Kevin De Bruyne who gave City a slender 1-0 lead heading into the second leg. DON'T MISS...Shaun Goater names two next Man City boss options that would annoy ArsenalSimon Jordan responds after Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp declared he's not a fan of punditMan Utd icon Wayne rooney trolls Gary Neville over 'highlight' of his career Contrary to Liverpool, City fans could be forgiven for prioritising the Champions League over the next few weeks as the only major trophy that has eluded Pep Guardiola during his time at the Etihad. They were heavily backed for the league title earlier in the season, however, and will be keen not to blow the commanding points lead they enjoyed a few months back. At present the sides are separated by just one point at the top of the table. City arguably have a simpler run-in, though, as the Reds gear up for a Merseyside derby and a ferocious clash with Manchester United before their next 'normal' Premier League fixture on April 30. Liverpool therefore need Salah fit and firing. The speedy forward has bagged 28 goals in all competitions this season and, despite an awkward contract standoff, he continues to represent Klopp's key goal threat. The Egyptian, who arrived at Anfield from Roma in 2017, is supposedly keen to sign a new deal on Merseyside despite his entourage reportedly turning their noses up at Liverpool's latest wage offering back in December.