Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen split the majority of first-round votes between them, with the incumbent President picking up a slim lead. Approximately 9.8 million - 27.8 percent of the electorate - voted for Mr Macron, while 8.1 million - 23.1 percent - voted for Ms Le Pen. One of the two will have to win on April 24 with more than 50 percent of the vote, and recent polling suggested that Ms Le Pen's controversial politics will hold her back. Over the last few months, the National Rally leader has retooled her political platform to prioritise economic policy. She has proposed tackling France's cost of living squeeze by axing income tax for under-30s, curing energy VAT to 5.5 percent and erasing it for essential products. At the same time, she has pledged to allow those who have worked for 40 years to retire by 60, cutting the retirement age, while Mr Macron proposes raising it to 65. Those policies, while enticing, cloak a far-right core that concerns voters who might otherwise support her. READ MORE: Macron humiliated as own town turns back on President Recent polling showed French residents have struggled to look past Ms Le Pen's unforgiving domestic policies. Following her Wednesday evening debate with Mr Macron, a snap poll of voters conducted by Elabe for BFM TV found she had chimed with voters. She was more in tune with their concerns, but her "worrying" far-right votes eclipsed any popularity growth, it said. Mr Macron, on the other hand, was judged "prone to bouts of arrogance" but otherwise more fit to be President. She has chosen to complement those immigration policies raft of hardline anti-Islam proposals that would strip Muslims of their French citizenship if they held extreme views. Mosques and Islamic centres that contradict "French constitutional values" would also close under her rule. These policies have proven unpopular amongst French voters, leading her to drop one of her more controversial proposals. On Monday, her campaign quietly shelved plans to ban headscarves and Islamic religious symbols in public as a polling chasm opened between her and Mr Macron. The policy, which was once a flagship, is now absent from her list of "priorities" during a prospective presidency. She pursued the last-minute change as incumbent Mr Macron extended his lead with just days until the final vote. Recent polls from Ipsos-Sopra Steria predict that he will win with 56 percent of the vote, leaving Ms Le Pen with 44 percent. While this would exceed her vote share from 2017 by nearly 11 points, Mr Macron would claim a comfortable victory and take up a second term in office, a rarity in French presidential history.