Mr Furedi discussed the threats of nuclear weapon deployment that have been coming from Russia since the beginning of the war in February. Russian President Vladimir Putin has warned that any country that he feels threatens Russia, or gets involved in the Russian invasion, could face nuclear consequences. Putin has been doing nuclear weapon deployment training exercises just in case, putting fear into nations around the globe. Ukraine's Volodymyr Zelensky addressed the UN Security Council about Western Government stepping up to do more to stop the Russian onslaught on Ukraine, by removing Russia from the council.  Mr Furedi told GB News: "About the nuclear option, and what we're saying is that their nuclear blackmailing will always paralyse us. "Because we're always worried about escalating the action. "But, who is doing the escalation? Russia is doing the escalation in Ukraine. "So at some point, we need to say that beyond this red line, we will not tolerate the situation to continue.  JUST IN: Prince Harry favourability PLUMMETS as royal fans turn on Duke of Sussex     Mr Furedi added: "And it's going to be done realistically. "You know it's going to be done in a hard-headed kind of way. "But what I'm really worried about is that actually, the focus on war crimes distracts from the real fighting that is going on. "And it becomes much more acceptable to propaganda war and to issues to do with our... READ MORE:'Are you kidding me?!' Ukrainian MP erupts at Sky News' Mark Austin over war crimes probe     "Because the real issue at stake is the sovereignty of Ukraine and the real issue at stake is the war, and we don't talk very much about what is going on in relation to the war. "So if this continues there, then countries will rely only on the power of their own arms to ensure their security and not on international law, not rely on international institutions. The United Nations can be simply closed. Many Ukrainian politicians have been calling for the West to do more to stop the Russian onslaught and the killing of innocent civilians in Ukraine. Speaking to Sky News, Ukrainian MP Kira Rudik expressed a desperate sentiment: "Are you talking about Geneva Convention to me about people who, who killed women and children correct women in front of the children. "You're talking to Geneva Convention to me. Are you kidding? Are you kidding me right now? "The world is watching how we are dying and talking about Geneva Convention! "Maybe you should call Putin and talk to him about the Geneva convention!" 