Many retailers are finding it ever more difficult to stay afloat. It was this way long before Covid. The increasing domination in some sectors of online shopping, business rates that can cripple and landlords interested only in raising rents have caused this high street crisis. Then came the pandemic, turning crisis into disaster. Well-run, once profitable shops could no longer keep going, even with generous Government support. According to the British Retail Consortium, one in seven shops is now empty – one in five in the North East. This is a disaster, not just for the businesses that collapsed but for those which survived. People are less likely to shop on an emptying high street, exacerbating the problem. The evidence shows that when an area starts to decline, crime follows, sending it into a death spiral. So it is in all our interests that high streets return to vitality. In that context, a measure reported to be introduced in the Levelling Up and Regeneration Bill seems eminently sensible. If a retail space is empty for more than six months, a landlord will be forced to let it out – perhaps to a community group or small business – via a Compulsory Rental Auction. It is no surprise that this imaginative idea is being championed by Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove. Throughout his time in government, Mr Gove has consistently been the most creative, diligent and effective minister. In a Government widely regarded as short of serious talent, he stands out. That’s the main reason why, despite his differences with Boris Johnson – Mr Gove infamously turned on the man he was set to back for the Tory leadership in 2016, destroying Boris’ chances – the Prime Minister nonetheless made him responsible for delivering the keynote “levelling up” agenda. Typically, since his appointment last September, Mr Gove has already found solutions to two critical issues causing huge problems for the Government. After the Grenfell tragedy, new cladding rules led to tens of thousands of people – possibly more – being trapped in flats they cannot sell or remortgage thanks to fire-safety checks, with many also owing huge sums to pay for remedial work. Mr Gove came up with a plan to impose a £3billion “building safety levy” on house builders to pay the costs, with a charge on all developments needing approval. He also effectively crowbarred 35 developers into spending £2billion to fix their own buildings. Similarly, he is said to be preparing to rip up rules that force builders to have a set number of “affordable” homes on new developments, replacing it with a scheme for them to pay an equivalent sum – around £7billion a year – into a fund so councils can build new homes or other infrastructure. Developers complain that the “affordable homes” requirement is a bureaucratic nightmare that holds up projects. Mr Gove has been the most effective minister by far since the Tories came to power. He grasps the fundamental importance of what others ignore – that a minister can only deliver if his or her department functions properly. Sometimes that means wholesale changes – as when he was Education Secretary from 2010 to 2014. For many years, education in Britain was dominated by “the blob” – the name for the miasma of bureaucrats, academics and teaching unions that resisted all reform and condemned so many children to a disastrous time at school. Under Tony Blair, Labour made great strides in removing its dominance, but Mr Gove accelerated that drive. To do that, he had to take on opponents in the education establishment but also in his own department. It required political dexterity and a clear agenda around which he could rally support. It worked, and he will go down as one of the few successful, even historic, education secretaries. Unfortunately, he had just 14 months as Justice Secretary before, idiotically, Theresa May sacked him on becoming PM. One of the few politicians in recent decades able to grasp the complexities and nuances of the job, he was ousted before being able to make any real impact. Now, however, Mr Gove is back at the heart of government, with a pivotal role. He says he will not run again for the leadership – more’s the pity. It is not as if we have a surfeit of first-rank politicians. Let us hope his far-sighted plans for our high streets kick-start their overdue revival.