Amber Anderson, 30, says she underwent a "complete transformation" to play the historic figure who was imprisoned during the Second World War for her fascist beliefs. She returns tonight in the final episode of the gangster drama about the Shelby family. Former model Amber says: "I'm feeling relieved that I'll no longer be the most hated woman in Britain! She's vile, she really is." "But she is fun to play. It may not look like it but I do get on with the other cast members - and I feel so lucky to be in the show." In the hit BBC drama, Mitford is rude and insulting to almost everyone she meets. "It has been a complete transformation for me," says Amber. "They bleached my eyebrows, and that's a blonde wig." Tonight's episode is feature-length, ending at 10.20pm. "I think the fans will enjoy the extra 20 minutes of run time," she says. "It's amazing to have been part of it." It was always one of her ambitions to team up with the show's charismatic star. "I've been working with great actors. People like Cillian Murphy, (Tommy Shelby) I would have killed to work with, and then I did." Co-star Natasha O'Keeffe, who plays Tommy's wife Lizzi, says tonight's finale may not be the end of the saga. "I would love to do a movie," she says. "I would love to be asked but we don't know anything about it." This sixth season has been substantially different from previous seasons, following the death of star Helen McCrory (Aunt Polly). "We missed her immensely," admits Natasha. "She was a big piece of the jigsaw. She was beautiful and sorely missed." Tonight's episode is entitled Lock And Key but the BBC is giving away very little otherwise. It says: "As the clouds of the coming storm gather, Tommy Shelby faces the consequences of his experiences and his actions." Director Anthony Byrne reveals that the episode may give fans a taste of what a film might be like. "The finale feels very different to the rest of the season, and anything we've done before. It's very epic in scope." "It feels like a film - it's a kind of dry run for the feature film." It is rumoured that any movie would tell the story of the First World War trenches, where Tommy and his brother Arthur suffered shell shock. But season six has taken the show in a different direction, which has not appealed to every diehard fan. Anthony says: "Season six is a character piece about the darkness of Tommy's soul. How far down is he going to have to go before he can get out - and will there be anything left of him?" "Audiences who love the character will go with it because they're on a journey with this guy." "There is always going to be an element who just want the same stuff but we're not in it for that, because it has to evolve."