Edward VIII was the brother of Queen Elizabeth II's father, George VI. He fell in love with American divorcee Wallis Simpson and married her in 1937. His chose of love forced him to choose between the women he wanted to marry or the Royal Family. He chose love, abdicated the throne, and Queen Elizabeth II became the heir apparent when her father was crowned King. The Queen's relationship with her "estranged" uncle has often been questioned. Speaking on Sky News Australia earlier this month, biographer Andrew Lownie discussed the former Kings's links to the Nazi's during World War Two and how the "mean" Queen was "filthy on" her late uncle. Asked by Sky News host Andrew Bolt if the Queen was "filthy on" the former King because he was a "traitor", Mr Lownie said: "Absolutely." "We know, I see that from the royal archives papers and that Churchill would have nothing to do with him after the war." "He refused to go on a cruise with him." He added: "The winged concerns about Edward VIII even before he came to the throne was his father put him under MI5 surveillance." "Politicians like Baldwin prayed that he would be killed steeple chasing." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Sheer unadulterated nonsense' Harry savaged over Queen snub "The last thing they wanted was for him to come to the throne because of his pro-German views and because of his desire to meddle in politics away from his constitutional role." Mr Lownie added: "Wallis [Edward's wife] gave them the pretext and some ways to manoeuvre him off the throne so she saved this country." There were pre-assumptions that the Queen was "mean" and had been "freezing him out" and "treating him like dirt" all because she blamed him for the death of her father. The Queen's father, and Edward's brother, died in 1952. READ MORE: Queen should NOT sack Boris Johnson ‘Would cause constitutional crisis’ – POLL Royal biographer Christopher Wilson also once claimed that Edward VIII and Wallis Simpson had a secret plot to deny Queen Elizabeth II the throne. Mr Wilson told The Telegraph, they had deeply ambitious thoughts to return in the spring of 1946 with King George VI’s health beginning to deteriorate. The plot reached its height in 1949. This was when Mr Wilson said there was a “heavy bias”. This was against Elizabeth, then-Princess Elizabeth, becoming Queen because of the “Mountbatten influence” — the combined force of Lord Mountbatten and his nephew Prince Philip of Greece, entitled the Duke of Edinburgh by this point. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] A letter was exchanged between the Duke and Duchess of Windsor and Kenneth de Courcy, a Windsor confidante The letter saw a plot emerge that would have them return to Britain, buy an estate, and wait for others to suggest he become King once again. It spoke of the Wallis’ desire to not “see the Duke of Windsor wasted”.