Camilla and Princess Anne sat side-by-side at the memorial service for the late Prince Philip in Westminster Abbey and looked like a pair of best friends. The two have known each other for decades, long before Camilla married into the Royal Family in 2005. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse the relationship between the two royal women.  Judi said: “These two women share a love of horses and, famously, a taste in men, with the result being that they appear to have become quite close friends over the years. “They are sending out body language signals of a rather mature and affectionate relationship when they appear together in public. “Their signals go beyond what would be required to be polite, with some continuation or prolonging signals suggesting they would like to be able to spend more time together, rather than just performing the cursory greeting rituals,” the expert noted. Judi continued: “Camilla rarely looks totally relaxed in public but her body language with Anne at the recent memorial service did seem to show her at her confident best, suggesting she feels Anne is something of a supporter and protector.  READ MORE: Zara and Mike Tindall share ‘strong bond’ with Kate and William “Her elbows both rested on the arms of her chair, meaning she performed a splay gesture at a formal event, rather than self-diminishing as she regularly tends to. “She also appeared to be the one leading the chat and her eye-gaze and smile suggested she was keen to do some quick catching up.” Before the memorial service, were Anne and Camilla particularly close? Judi explained: “Even before this, their greeting and chatting rituals have suggested friendship.  “There have been some mirrored poses and even outfits. “One time Anne could be seen bending quite low to plant a kiss of hello on Camilla’s cheek while holding her hand out with the palm pointing up to clasp Camilla’s wrist and hand to prolong the touch while doing so. “The signals of relaxation from Camilla seem to have peaked recently though, possibly as a result of her confirmation as future Queen. “Prior to the memorial service, we can see small signs of inner tension as she stands listening to Anne despite her keenness, like her signature thumb-twiddle.”  Judi expanded on Anne and Camilla’s relationship and why they knew each other so well in their early years. She said: “These two women share history with Anne once rumoured to be in a relationship with Camilla’s husband, making the whole Charles/Camilla/Anne/Andrew Parker-Bowles dynamic rather racy and the relationships between each of the four people involved a possible minefield. “Anne is still very strong friends with Andrew though, while Camilla famously married her Prince. “As a result, we have two women with a lot in common but also a pile of potential in terms of resentment and rifts.”  However, Judi argues that any frostiness between the two women has “thawed”. She continued: “With time and age though, the suggestion is that there has been thawing between the two women and their body language now shows signs of quite strong rapport and even friendship. “Camilla’s non-verbal signals in public often suggest existing levels of social anxiety but she tends to look quite relaxed and animated with Anne, using gestures that suggest she is comfortable instigating some of the jokes they appear to be sharing, including some close-quarters face-gazing to register her thoughts. “Their mutual laughter goes beyond what would be expected if there were some animosity or frostiness now. “If they were putting on a show for the cameras a few moments of polite conversation would have been all that would have been necessary but their body language rituals together involve eye contact and some very empathetic-looking touch, with Camilla even holding Anne’s wrist as though keen to encourage her to stay and chat longer.” 