Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has confirmed he has a "full squad" to pick from for the Champions League quarter-final against Benfica on Tuesday. The Reds are still in contention for a historic quadruple heading into the final few weeks of the season.  They were handed a favourable draw in the Champions League against Portuguese outfit Benfica, who have had their own issues in the league this year. The match against Benfica comes just days before the title clash with Manchester City on April 10. For now, Klopp's main focus will be on the match in Portugal on Tuesday evening with Liverpool hoping to get off to a strong start in the two-legged quarter-final. Liverpool haven't had huge injury issues to contend with this season, but there were concerns prior to the international break over Trent Alexander-Arnold's fitness. The right-back picked up a hamstring injury, which kept him out of Gareth Southgate's England squad. But Alexander-Arnold was an unused substitute in the win over Watford at the weekend. JUST IN: Jurgen Klopp making a mockery of Neville's Premier League predictions  The win over Watford did see both Joel Matip and Curtis Jones also pick up small knocks. However, Klopp has confirmed that all three players will be fit and ready to play against Benfica. "Full squad available," Klopp said. "Curtis was just a little swelling, it appeared overnight. "Same with Joel which was very helpful because it looked very strange. Trent trained now for four or five days but he's ready as well." DON'T MISS  Liverpool have been in sensational form since the turn of the year with 17 wins in 20 games across all competitions. Their only defeat came against Inter Milan in the previous round, but Liverpool had done enough in the first leg to secure their place in the next round. Both games against Benfica are sandwiched either side of the crucial title clash against City. Klopp's side momentarily moved top of the table for the first time since October at the weekend before Pep Guardiola's side picked up all three points against Burnley. Just one point separates the two sides at the top of the table with only eight games remaining. 