Dominic Thiem declared he was pleased with his return to action despite losing at the Serbia Open on Tuesday. The former US Open champion lost to Australian John Millman in what was his first Tour-level match in 10 months. Thiem was defeated 3-6 6-3 4-6 by Millman in just over two-and-a-half hours at the ATP 250 event in Belgrade. The Austrian star returned after rehabilitating his wrist injury that derailed his 2021 campaign and saw him miss out on Wimbledon, the Olympics and the US Open. The loss to Millman robbed tennis fans of a potential clash between the 28-year-old and Novak Djokovic. Millman faces Miomir Kecmanovic in the last 16 after the Serb defeated Richard Gasquet, and the winner of that clash could face Djokovic in the quarter-finals. Thiem, who has finished runner up at the French Open twice and the Australian Open once, was still pleased with his progress despite the defeat. Thiem suffered the right wrist injury at the Mallorca Open in June 2021. READ MORE: Nadal will 'arrive' for Madrid as uncle shares injury conversation “It felt good,” said Thiem. “Actually, I'm really happy because it was a match; it was a fight. I’m happy (with) how I was fighting, how I was defending, how I was moving. The backhand was pretty good. The forehand is not there yet, but I know this and I'm practising so that it's getting better.” Thiem is currently ranked No.54 in the world, and he set his sights on climbing the rankings when he returned to competition last month. He lost in straight sets in a Challenger Tour event in Marbella. DON'T MISSTsitsipas explains goal to break up Djokovic and Nadal dominanceDjokovic snubbed as French Open contender while Nadal included in listAndrey Rublev piles pressure on Novak Djokovic ahead of Serbia Open Thiem's comeback was then derailed when he tested positive for Covid-19. Thiem added: “There's not too much to expect here and neither in the next three weeks. My goal is to be in good shape in Roland Garros and today doesn't change (that). Obviously I'm disappointed, I wanted to win. But still, the match itself, how long it was and the intensity, I'm pretty happy about it. “Of course there are things missing, things that are not that great in my game. But that was completely clear also before this match.” Thiem is hoping to find success at the French Open after losing in the final in 2018 and 2019. The second Grand Slam of the year begins on May 22.