Royal expert Angela Levin has claimed the Queen will attend the Epsom Derby on June 4, on the Jubilee bank holiday weekend. This comes amid mounting concerns over the Queen's health, with the 96-year-old monarch being forced to miss a number of engagements. Earlier this month, a source said that royal aides will only confirm the Queen's attendance at public engagements on the day of the event as "the assumption" will be that she will not attend. The source told the Daily Mail: "The assumption must now be that the Queen will not be present at events. "If Her Majesty does attend, it will be decided on the day and she will be accompanied by another member of the Royal Family." But last week, the Queen was spotted heading to Sandringham by helicopter to celebrate her birthday, calming fears surrounding her health. She has then been pictured visiting her horses regularly during her tip, with today marking her fourth day in a row. Speaking about what she expects the Queen to attend over her Jubilee weekend, royal expert and biographer Angela Levin claimed she will attend Trooping the Colour, as it is "one of her most favourite events" and the Epsom Derby, as she "absolutely adores horses". The Queen has reportedly been suffering from mobility issues in recent months, which she alluded to during an audience with incoming Defence Services Secretary Major General Eldon Millar at Windsor Castle in February. In a clip of the meeting, the Queen can be heard saying: "Well, as you can see, I can't move", gesturing to her leg. But this won't stop her from attending the derby, Ms Levin said, as she will be driven in a Bentley, taking her "as close as possible to the Royal box". READ MORE: Queen breaks cover ahead of birthday with surprise helicopter trip Speaking to GB News, Ms Levin said: "I think one of the things we'll remember very clearly is what the Queen goes to. "My idea is that she will go for Trooping of the Colour, because that's one of her most favourite events in the year and there will be about 500 horses there, and that absolutely will please her. "She will go to the Epsom Derby, because she absolutely adores horses. "And there is going to be a Bentley that takes her right as close as possible to the Royal box. DON'T MISS: Trump calls for Harry and Meghan to be stripped of titles [REACTION] Kate to fill Andrew's role as Grenadier Guards Colonel [REVEAL] Royal Family sick of Prince Harry's potshots after latest bombshell [INSIGHT] "She breeds horses. She owns horses but she's never won a race at the derby since 1945 when one of her horses came second. "So if she possibly can she'll get to that one, so those are the two main ones I think she will go for. "Then the rest is all fun and parties." Despite her reported health issues, the 95-year-old monarch has continued to carry out regular duties, with many of them taking place virtually. However, royal expert Robert Jobson has claimed that Prince Charles has stepped up to support the Queen, with the two working as a "dual monarchy". He said: "The Prince of Wales has been doing it for some time. "The Queen really hasn't had any international travel for many, many years now since 2016. "I think that there's been a dual monarchy since then although it's not been said."