More electric vehicles are sold in 2021 than over the past five years combined with 190,727 new registrations, as well as 114,553 plug-in hybrids. Motorists can benefit from grants which provide money towards the cost of an EV, as well as other schemes which make it easier to get an EV charging station at home. The maximum grant available for an electric car through the Government’s plug-in grant programme is £1,500. These vehicles have zero tailpipe CO2 emissions and can travel at least 112km (70 miles) without any emissions at all, and include brands like Vauxhall, Mini, Nissan and Volkswagen. To be eligible for the grant, the car must have a recommended retail price (RRP) of less than £32,000, including VAT and delivery fees. READ MORE: Motorists warned of major driving law changes in April - Car tax rise The grant will pay for 35 percent of the purchase price for these vehicles, up to a maximum of £1,500. Motorcycles which have no CO2 emissions and can travel at least 50kmh (31 miles) can receive up to 35 percent off the cost, up to a maximum of £500. Drivers can get up to £2,500 off for a small van, while there is a £5,000 grant available for £5,000. From April 1, 2022, the threshold to claim the small truck grant of up to £16,000 will be increased from 3.5 tonnes to 4.25 tonnes. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to ‘hypermile’ to save around £600 a year on fuel costs [INSIGHT]Major fuel law changing today with huge restriction on red diesel [WARNING]Drivers warned to expect 'avalanche' of fines under new council laws [SHOCKING] Vans up to 4.25 tonnes will be able to claim the large van grant of up to £5,000. More than 30 models of electric vans and trucks qualify for the Government grants. It is hoped that these changes will help thousands of independent drivers and businesses claim a zero emission vehicle using the grant. Plug-In Vehicle Grant Schemes have supported the purchase of over 450,000 ultra-low emission vehicles across the UK – including more than 300,000 zero emission vehicles. Employees can give up some of their gross salary and in return, receive a benefit, including an electric car. Drivers can lease an EV and save a significant amount on the monthly cost, sometimes as high as 50 percent off. Numerous schemes offer drivers the chance to take part including loveelectric, The Electric Car Scheme and LeasePlan. Many drivers choose to use an electric car for the generous car tax savings they can benefit from. For electric vehicles, they do not need to pay vehicle excise duty (VED) and the Benefit-in-Kind tax rate is just one percent, although this will increase in April to two percent. Most salary sacrifice schemes allow drivers to save thousands of pounds per year, and often get the choice of top of the range vehicles from Tesla, BMW and Mercedes-Benz. Different companies offer varying amounts of savings, but one common example is the Tesla Model 3, which can be leased at a saving of almost £8,000 per year. This allows drivers of electric vehicles to receive a grant which provides a 75 percent contribution to the cost of a home charging point and its installation. The cap is set at £350 (including VAT) per installation, with drivers being able to apply for two charge points at the same property if they have two qualifying vehicles. From April 2022, the EVHS will no longer be open to homeowners (including people with mortgages) who live in single-unit properties such as bungalows and detached, semi-detached or terraced housing. The scheme will remain open to homeowners who live in flats and people in rental accommodation.