Arsenal are now unlikely to pursue a summer transfer deal for Southampton's teenage right-back Tino Livramento after the former Chelsea defender suffered a serious knee injury in the 2-2 draw at Brighton on Sunday afternoon. The Saints came from behind - thanks to two goals from captain James Ward-Prowse - to salvage a point against their fellow South Coast opponents but the spirited fightback was soured somewhat by Livramento's nasty-looking injury. The 19-year-old had to be taken off on a stretcher and appeared to be in considerable pain following the unfortunate incident, that occurred without contact. Although he will face further assessment on Monday, it's feared Livramento may have suffered damage to his anterior cruciate ligament. The average recovery time of an ACL tear tends to average between eight to nine months, which would effectively rule Livramento out of action for the rest of the calendar year. He was one of many options that Arsenal were set to consider this summer when Mikel Arteta and Edu will be looking to add a new right-back to the Gunners' squad. Although nothing was definitive, Livramento is believed to have been held in high regard by the Arsenal hierarchy. The England youth international aligns with the Gunners' newly-devised transfer strategy that is centred around signing promising talent with high potential. Brighton's Tariq Lamptey is also understood to be of interest to Arsenal. However, Livramento's injury lay-off is expected to reduce the likelihood of a summer swoop from the Gunners. Southampton boss Ralph Hasenhuttl admitted the problem was "very, very serious." He said: "We are not sure yet, but it does not look good. He's very frustrated because he knows it could be a long break out. He will come back stronger." Arsenal will be looking to raise cash from player sales to bolster their summer transfer kitty. Hector Bellerin, who won the Copa del Rey with Real Betis on Saturday, is expected to seal a permanent return to La Liga. The Andalusian club do not have the option to sign the Spaniard permanently as part of the loan deal but the club will still explore a move. Ainsley Maitland-Niles is also expected to depart having spent the second half of the season on loan at Roma. Takehiro Tomiyasu finally returned to action for Arsenal on Saturday in the win over Manchester United following a prolonged lay-off with a persistent calf problem. Cedric Soares has been providing cover for the Japanese international but supporters have been left concerned by his recent performances, with an upgrade now on the cards this summer.