The third race of the season is in the books and once again Charles Leclerc was the man to beat. The Ferrari ace continued his stellar start to the campaign by winning the Australian Grand Prix and extending his lead at the top of the standings. Leclerc never looked likely to be caught by Max Verstappen, but the Red Bull man's chances of doing so ended entirely with 20 laps to go as his car caught fire. A second DNF in three races so far means his title defence has got off to a less-than-ideal start. Meanwhile, Sergio Perez continued his consistent form by finishing second, George Russell beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to third and Alex Albon scored his first point since returning to the Formula 1 grid with Williams. McLaren also returned to form as Daniel Ricciardo finished in the top 10 on home soil. Here are Express Sport's driver ratings from the Australian Grand Prix: Started well and overtook Perez, but lasted only 10 laps before losing the place again to the much faster Red Bull. Did about as well as he could, but seemed a bit miffed to finish behind his new team-mate. Benefitted nicely from the safety car caused by Vettel's crash, as he came in and out of the pits in third to boost his chances of a podium expense. Could not keep Perez at bay but beat Hamilton and scooped his first Mercedes podium. JUST IN: Max Verstappen livid with Red Bull for 'unacceptable' retirement Always looked comfortable for second throughout the race, but at the same time carried little threat in terms of a push for the lead. The problem which ended his race was no fault of his own on a terrible weekend for the champion. Followed his team-mate as one of the earliest to pit to avoid being overtaken by Hamilton while he struggled for grip. Did what Red Bull needed from him after Verstappen retired by limiting the damage and finishing second. He's started this season very well. Dominant from the moment the lights went out in Melbourne. Flawless again from the Monegasque, who has led Ferrari's title charge very impressively so far. Lost control of his car going into Turn 9 on the second lap, the end result being him beached in the gravel at the exit of Turn 10. Forced him to be the first racer to retire from this Australian GP, after dropping five places from the start. In short, a disaster. DON'T MISS:Max Verstappen livid with Red Bull for 'unacceptable' retirementLewis Hamilton clarifies angry radio message to MercedesGeorge Russell fires warning to Red Bull and Ferrari as he bags third Might have had more pace than the Mercedes in front of him, but never found the overtake he needed to truly back up that theory. Kept his nose clean and stayed out of trouble. A much better weekend for him and his team. Everything written above for Norris is true for his team-mate. First points of the season will be a huge relief, and to do so on home soil will be a source of huge pride for Ricciardo. Nice to see him smile again after a rough start to the season. Could have started on the front row but crashed in qualifying to ruin what looked a monster Q3 lap. His race also failed to follow El Plan, hampered by the timings of the two Safety Car periods, and a race which could and should have yielded points saw him finish 17th. Unlucky. Qualified eighth and finished the race sixth. Stayed out of trouble, drove a calm and comfortable race and get his rewards. A good display from the Frenchman. Also comes away from Melbourne with points, despite starting just outside the top 10. Ninth is a decent result, but better finishes will be needed this season if he is to convince Red Bull to replace Perez. Almost caused a crash by braking under the Safety Car, and only just being avoided by Schumacher behind him. Summoned to the stewards after the race for that incident, and never threatened the points. Disappointing. Good to see him race for the first time this season – not that he was competitive. Misjudged Turn 11 early on and did well not to beach his car. Race was over after 23 laps as he lost control and smashed his front wing into a wall. All pretty disastrous. Gambled by pitting twice during the early safety car period to use the mandatory mediums and attempt to go the rest of the race on hards. That bold strategy seemed to work fairly well, but still missed out on points by about 10 seconds. Gambled by waiting for the very last lap to come in for his mandatory switch of tyres, but it worked out brilliantly as he finished 10th to scoop Williams' first point of the season. All in, a good day's work. Made it through the race unscathed, which feels like a victory considering his penchant for crashes in these early weeks of the season. But needs to show more to prove he is deserving of his F1 seat. Ended his incredible streak of 103 consecutive Q3 appearances by qualifying 12th. For the first time this season, started the race without dropping several places, and made up a few to make it two points finishes from three in an Alfa Romeo. Spent much of the race out of the spotlight, but suddenly the chequered flag flew and he was 11th and only a few seconds off the top 10. A decent run, but points were on the table today. Almost did his best Sainz impression, but managed to avoid going into the gravel despite also coming off going into Turn 9. After two brilliant races, Haas did not have the pace here and points never seemed likely. Did really well to avoid smashing into the back of Tsunoda under the safety car as the AlphaTauri inexplicably slowed right down. Also never had much hope for points, but did manage to beat his team-mate.