CBS’ hit procedural drama Blue Bloods follows the personal lives and careers of the Reagan’s, a multi-generational family in law enforcement. Actress Abigail Hawk was joined by her co-stars in a hilarious video, as their celebration of the show’s renewal went wrong.  Taking to Instagram, Abigail who portrays Detective Abigail Baker, was joined by her co-stars as they made a hilarious attempt at a popular Tiktok challenge. Alongside Garrett Moore star Gregory Jbara and Sidney Gormley's Robert Clohessy, the trio took on the Drop It challenge, but the results left them in hysterics. Participants are supposed to suddenly squat down to Beyonce’s ‘Yonce’ while staring at the camera. However, for the actors, it didn’t go quite as they imagined as Abigail fell to the ground and Robert struggled to get back up, even with the aid of cushions. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry The trio were in fits of laughter as they helped Robert back up and even though it went wrong Abigail told Tamara Kopko, who was behind the camera to “keep filming it please”. The video provided a good laugh for fans, who took to the comments to also congratulate the cast on season 13. Mark Tallman, who features in Blue Bloods as Officer Wallace commented: “This is perfect,” with a number of laughing emojis. @Rosesheehan added: “That would be me if I tried this, so excited about the new season.” Another fan, @lisa_crabtree1969 wrote: “This is great!! I’d probably be stuck on the floor until someone rescued me. Congratulations on season 13!!” @sblondelle stated: “I’m dead from laughing at this. You guys are so funny and I love you all.” @backstreetgirl_nkotbgirl remarked:” Omg I thought it almost took out sid, lol.” @Gracier9763 shared: “You all crack me up! Congratulations on season 13!” DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC [INSIGHT] Blue Bloods season 13: causes major fan frenzy with renewal bombshell [REACTION]Blue Bloods season 12 theory: Danny to save Erin from stalker hell [THEORY] As Blue Bloods approached its season finale, fans were growing concerned as bosses were yet to address whether the show would be cancelled or renewed. This was also the case for the stars such as Donnie Walhberg, who took to Instagram to share a snap from the last day on set as well as his hopes for a renewal. Thankfully for fans, their worries were put to rest after CBS confirmed season 13 was happening. The news came from Kelly Kahl, the president of CBS Entertainment, who stated: “America’s favorite first family of law enforcement is back for season 13. “The Reagans possess an incredible bond with audiences literally everywhere and on every platform. “And in its 12th season, with over 250 episodes, Blue Bloods not only continues to dominate in the ratings but excels at an exceptionally high creative level.” The series has gained a solid fan base of loyal viewers, who have maintained a steady viewership for Blue Bloods after it secured a Friday slot when it first premiered in 2010. Blue Bloods is currently the number four series on American broadcast television, with an average of 9.81M viewers. Blue Bloods is available on CBS in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced.