Buckingham Palace confirmed on Thursday, April 14, the Queen would be absent from Easter Sunday service at Windsor Castle. Her Majesty has cancelled a number of engagements recently due to her health and mobility issues. The Queen is due to celebrate her 96th birthday next week, the age at which her late husband, Prince Philip chose to retire at. The Duke of Edinburgh stepped back from public life in August 2017, so the Queen could follow by his example. The Queen marks her Platinum Jubilee this year with a weekend of celebrations planned from June 2 to 5. But abdication of the throne does not seem to be in the Queen’s mind as she reiterated the pledge she made on her 21st birthday to the United Kingdom and Commonwealth nations last month. She said: “In this year of my Platinum Jubilee, it has given me pleasure to renew the promise I made in 1947 that my life will always be devoted to service.” Her recent absences include COP26 climate summit in Glasgow, the Remembrance Sunday event at the Cenotaph and Maundy Thursday service in Windsor. This has raised questions over the Queen’s future appearances but advisors are working to pace out her schedule and prioritise events. Her public appearances have been kept to a minimum with her attendance often confirmed on the mornings of events. Aides have said the Queen is otherwise in good form and will continue working.  Royal biographer Robert Hardman told GB news last month: “Mobility is something of an issue now. “But, there is a mobility [issue] inevitably when you're coming up to your 96th birthday and also dignity, I think it's terribly important. “She is the Queen, she wants to be seen as the Queen, she wants to look the part.” He added: “I'm told by those very close to her that she's in very good spirits, you know – absolutely pin-sharp as ever.” However, there may come a time when Prince Charles needs to stand in to allow his mother to retire. DON'T MISS:Prince William to replace Prince Harry for important royal duty on behalf of Queen [UPDATE]Meghan and Harry told to 'drop royal titles' for book deals in test of new stardom [VIDEO]Queen will miss Easter Sunday service on heart-breaking anniversary of Philip's funeral [LATEST] Prince Charles has been preparing to take the throne for much of his life. The Queen has had to pull out of numerous events recently forcing her eldest son to step up. The Queen announced in advance she would not attend the Maundy Thursday Service at St George’s Chapel in Windsor. For the first time, she requested that Charles take the lead in the ceremony in her place. However, Ingrid Seward, author of Prince Philip Revealed and editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine, said she did not expect the Queen to give up her duties yet. She told Newsweek in October 2021: “She will stick to her guns as long as she’s fit. She will continue to do her duty. “Because I think she also feels the world isn’t quite ready for Charles and Camilla.” The Queen is thought to be experiencing mobility problems but was present at her late husband Prince Philip’s memorial service last month. She also hopes to attend her Platinum Jubilee celebrations this summer. However, the Queen is increasingly delegating public duties to other senior royals. Prince Charles and Prince William are stepping up in support, with other senior members of the Royal Family also taking on more appearances. The Queen’s diary is mostly being kept to virtual events and smaller engagements at Windsor Castle. So what do YOU think? Will the Queen retire soon? Do you think it's time Charles took over more duties? Should young royals start taking over more duties from the Queen? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.