Those who are not keen on flying abroad to visit beautiful beaches will now be able to visit one in Manchester, thanks to Therme Group. The project is set to launch in 2025, after a two year development starting in 2023. New images of the project have been released today for the first time. Therme Manchester stated: "Therme Manchester will be a one-of-a-kind destination that offers a fun and relaxing holiday at home while helping to boost the health and wellbeing of all who visit. READ MORE: Chaos ensues at Manchester airport due to staff shortages - 'disaster'   "At 28 acres, the size of 19 football pitches, Therme Manchester is expected to become one of the top three all-season water-based destinations in the world." It will infuse active family fun, adult relaxation, wellbeing features, nature, arts and culture and sustainable tech to create a modern utopia. An incredible £250million is being put into the project. It will be located in Peel L&P'S TraffordCity, opposite the Trafford Centre and Barton Square. James Whittaker, Executive Director of Development at Peel L&P said: “We are proud to be working in partnership with Therme Group to develop this exceptional wellbeing resort in TraffordCity. Therme Manchester will lead the way in health and wellbeing and with the updated plans now including the UK’s first all-season urban beach and the world’s first living waterslides." But beach lovers will have to go elsewhere for the next few summers to have their seaside needs met, as the project will not be complete for a few years. Therme Manchester stated: "Construction of the development is scheduled to begin in 2023, with a build time of around two years. Stelian Iacob, senior vice president of Therme Group and CEO of Therme Group UK stated: "Our commitment to bring Therme Manchester to the UK is as strong as ever." The Manchester site will be a water lover's dream, with an impressive 20 pools, 35 water slides, a wave pool and a blue lagoon. There will also be more than 30 saunas and steam rooms to relax in. Inclusive fitness classes will also be put on at Therme Group Manchester.   As part of a rose-shaped botanical garden, the group will plant in excess of 1,500 biodiverse trees. 3D printed superstructure will house thousands of plants. The site will include a 10,000 sqm garden. It will also boast urban farms and beehives. Set to be an immersive experience, there will be interactive digital art features too. People have taken to social media brimming with excitement about the new Manchester development. Instagram user @shimambo said: "Got to be a good thing!" Twitter user Zsolt Nagy said: "I’m so excited about it!" Barry Michael Butterworth expressed his enthusiasm: "Needs to be like yesterday, hopefully building starts soooooooon." Babsy Dukins added: "Woop!! Woop!! Can't wait for this!! Therme Manchester is set to improve the quality of life in the area, having previously been described as a "£250 million investment in Trafford" by a representative from Therme Manchester. "It will improve physical and mental wellbeing for the whole community."