It can be challenging to save into a pension, especially as the cost of living continues to rise. However, it is frequently viewed as the best course of action to take if people want to secure a comfortable later life. While pensions do come with benefits such as tax relief, there are important rules to consider when it comes to saving. Express.co.uk spoke to Amy Goodall-Smith, director of Goodall-Smith Wealth Management, who explained more. Ms Goodall-Smith highlighted the issue of pension saving, where many people do not feel as if they have put enough aside for retirement. This can be compounded for women due to the gender pay gap and, subsequently, the gender pension gap. READ MORE: Martin Lewis unpacks what your tax code means - check now However, considering the idea of saving into a pension as soon as possible is likely to be an appropriate course of action. Ms Goodall-Smith explained: “Both men and women have the same pension annual allowance. “It is the lower of either £40,000 or your salary. “So if you are on a lower salary than £40,000 per annum, this does limit your ability of what you can pay into a pension.” DON'T MISSCouple share how they got rid of £800 mortgage payments [EXCLUSIVE]Man, 77, issues warning after being targeted for £6,000 in scam call [WARNING]State pension frustration as sum will not increase to £380 per week [UPDATE] The annual allowance is not a hard limit on how much a person can put into their pension. Instead, it represents the point at which tax will be applicable if a person exceeds the specified figure. The amount that can be saved yearly is not in a calendar year, but instead in a tax year. This runs from April 6 to the following April 5, and the dates are the same each year. However, even if people are not earning anything at all, they may still be able to contribute to a pension. This could be a short period of non-earning due to circumstances such as redundancy or career breaks, or even longer periods of time out of work. Ms Goodall-Smith continued: “Many people don’t realise that you can still pay into a pension even if you aren’t earning. “You can pay £2,880 per annum net into a pension. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “The Government will then top up your pension by £720 in tax relief. “This is the case even though you may not have paid any tax! “So you get £3,600 gross per annum paid into your pension. This can help you try to close the gap.” When it comes to the annual allowance, there is also some flexibility about how it can be utilised. Britons may be able to carry over any annual allowance they did not use, but this must be from the previous three tax years.