As the cost of living and bills continue to soar, an estimated 850,000 households are still not claiming Pension Credit, with up to £1.7billion a year not reaching the most vulnerable. People are being urged to check that older friends and relatives are not losing out on the much-needed income boost. More than 1.4 million pensioners already receive the credit, which also unlocks other benefits, such as help with housing costs, council tax or heating bills, and a free television licence for those aged over 75. From next Monday, Pension Credit will top up incomes to a minimum of £182.60 per week for single pensioners and £278.70 for couples. A publicity campaign is being launched to encourage those who think they may be missing out to make a claim. It will include online and newspaper advertisements, and businesses can also use special resources to encourage eligible customers to call the Department for Work and Pension's claim line. It comes after research published last week found 66 per cent of people starting their retirement this year do not expect to give up work completely as living costs escalate - up from just 34 per cent in 2020. The survey of 2,000 people for investments and wealth management company abrdn found 32 percent of those who retired in 2021 have either joined or are planning to join the "gig economy", taking roles such as delivery drivers to boost their pensions. Pensions minister Guy Opperman said: "We recognise the challenges some pensioners will be facing with the cost of living, which is why promoting Pension Credit is a priority." "That's why we're calling on everyone with retired family, friends and loved ones to check in with them and see if they can get this extra financial support." Morgan Vine of pensioners' charity Independent Age, said: "We know this support can be life-changing but for too long, too many people aged over 65 who are eligible have been missing out." "Older people have told us that before receiving Pension Credit they would skip meals, struggle with a cold home and feel isolated, as they would turn down opportunities to see people because they couldn't even afford a cup of tea in a café." "With the cost of living crisis making life even more harsh for people over 65, it has never been more urgent to take action on Pension Credit."