Amanda Holden, 51, loves to cause a stir with her outfits, and tonight was no different as she stepped out for the first episode of Britain’s Got Talent in two very bright dresses. First up was a barbie pink latex midi dress, followed by a luminous yellow midi dress. Amanda first showcased the latex number on her Instagram account. She joined Simon Cowell, Alesha Dixon, and David Walliams for a round of auditions and posed backstage wearing an extremely tight rubber pink dress. She paired the dress with the same shade of pink court heels, which had a splash of red. Amanda captioned the picture with the hashtag RubberUp and caused a reaction online. READ MORE: Queen Maxima gifted 3 rings worth over £750k from husband - here's why The judge spoke to Express.co.uk about this dress and said: “I am thinking - more rubber. “I enjoyed wearing latex at the auditions, so I am thinking more latex, more sweating in the live [shows],” she joked. Fans commented on the pink latex dress, someone on Instagram said: “Hot damn!” Another wrote: “Class and sexy in vinyl,” while a third added: “Wow, Dressed to kill. DON'T MISS...Cornwall council urges tourists to wear face masks when visiting [NEWS]Rosemary Shrager drops a dress size in 6 weeks with keto diet [CELEB WEIGHT LOSS]Cleaning: How to clean windows with tumble dryer water [HACKS] The second dress Amanda was seen wearing during the first episode of BGT was bright yellow. It was a maxi dress but was one shoulder with a long sleeve. Up the left side of the dress was a massive slit and it was corseted up her thigh and over her hip. The same corset detail was repeated across her right shoulder and collarbone. Amanda wore clear perspex heels to complete the look. Britain’s Got Talent is a family show, and Amanda’s outfit choices have been criticised in the past for being too risque. In 2020, the last year the ITV show aired, hundreds of viewers contacted Ofcom to complain about one of Amanda’s gowns and how it was inappropriate. She wore a low-cut blue number with a slit up the thigh and lots of glitter. Some viewers claimed they could see Amanda’s breasts through the dress. Ofcom confirmed there were 277 complaints about the show, with 235 of them relating to Amanda’s dress. Responding to a news story about the furore, Amanda insisted viewers were wrong. “Mmmm really?! Who has nipples this close to their cleavage?!” She wrote alongside a laughing emoji. “FYI, a boned corset dented the girls all night,” she added, alongside egg emojis.