Andy Murray’s U-turn decision to play the Madrid Masters got off on the wrong foot when the two-time former champion has been left without his tennis rackets after his airline lost his baggage before they were later returned. The current world No 81 took a wildcard into the tournament after initially deciding to skip the clay swing.  Murray’s time at the Madrid Open started badly as the former world No 1 was forced to ask Iberia for his tennis rackets back when the airline lost his baggage. On Thursday morning, the 34-year-old tweeted: “@Iberia what number or email should passengers use to contact for missing baggage? I need my tennis rackets back”. After copping some heat from friend and compatriot Liam Broady, who told him that “no one cares” after Murray had sent him the same reply recently,  the two-time former champion in Madrid confirmed his bag had already been returned to him. “Seems like @iberia did mate. Bag just arrived at hotel. Tough buddy,” he fired back. The three-time Grand Slam champion recently announced he was taking a wildcard into the tournament after initially planning to skip the clay swing altogether, claiming it caused him “issues” with injuries. But he decided to change his mind so he could get some competitive matches in before the grass-court season. JUST IN: Zverev 'in tears' after 'worst game' with Madrid title defence looming Murray underwent a lengthy training block in Miami after reuniting with former coach Ivan Lendl, putting his focus firmly on the British grass court season. But after practising on the clay and feeling good, he made the decision to enter Madrid and will likely play Rome the following week before buckling down in his preparations on the grass. It’s not the first time Murray has had his possessions go missing during a recent Masters 1000 event. During the postponed 2021 Indian Wells Masters in October last year, the 46-time title winner put out a plea to help him find his wedding ring which was attached to a pair of his tennis shoes that had gone missing. Murray left the shoes to try under his car overnight and returned in the morning to find they had disappeared, along with his wedding ring. Explaining the situation in a video posted to his Instagram story, he said: “When I got back to the car in the morning the shoes were gone. So my tennis shoes for the tournament had been [stolen] so I had to go to the local pro shop and buy different shoes to what I normally wear. DON'T MISSNadal fired Djokovic French Open warning as Serb tipped to be 'beast'Swiatek calls for unity over Russia ban to avoid Wimbledon 'chaos'Emma Raducanu discusses coach replacement plan before Wimbledon  “It's not the end of the world but not ideal. Anyway, as I was preparing for my practice, my physio said to me, 'where's your wedding ring?'. And I was like, 'oh no'. I tie my wedding ring to my tennis shoes when I'm playing because I can't play with it on my hand so my wedding ring has been stolen as well.” He explained that they had turned up in the hotel’s lost and found after they initially failed to find anything. The former world No 1 said he would be filing a police report and explained: "I asked them if they could look at the cameras. About an hour later they turned up. One of the employees at the hotel found them in their lost and found. So, yeah, thankfully managed to get them back, which was good." 