Newcastle's reported decision to switch from Darin Nunez to Ivan Toney as their main target this summer may well cause some concern for Arsenal moving forward. Strikers are in hot demand heading into the summer transfer window with a host of clubs battling for some of Europe's best forwards. Erling Haaland and Kylian Mbappe look set to join Manchester City and Real Madrid respectively. But teams such as Arsenal, Manchester United and other Premier League clubs are also expected to be in the market with a number of strikers potentially on the move. Benfica striker Nunez is one of those who looks set for a new challenge this summer and a switch to the Premier League has been mooted. Newcastle's new-found riches has seemingly put them in the race to sign the 22-year-old. However, the Magpies have been forced to look elsewhere heading into the summer with Nunez making it clear that he wants European football next season. Newcastle officials are hopeful that the club will be competing for European spots in the near future, but the likes of Arsenal and United will have a better chance of giving Nunez what he wants this year. JUST IN: Arsenal boss Arteta refuses to explain Lacazette contract decision  Although, Arsenal's recent run of three consecutive defeats has hampered their chances of securing Champions League football for next season. They currently six sixth in the table, which would be enough to qualify for the Europa League. But West Ham are hot on their heels and the Europa Conference League may not be an attractive proposition for Nunez. With seven games remaining, pressure will be on for Arsenal to make sure they at least secure qualification for the Europa League. There is still a chance of Champions League qualification following Tottenham's defeat to Brighton and it may well come down to the north London derby next month. Nunez has scored an incredible 33 goals in 38 games this season, including strikes against Barcelona, Bayern Munich and Liverpool in the Champions League. DON'T MISS  It's in Europe's elite competition where the Uruguayan has become a household name and that's where he will want to continue. Arsenal may not have to battle with Newcastle's riches for the signature of Nunez this summer. But their own internal battle in trying to secure a top-four finish may well determine whether they have a chance of giving Nunez what he wants. The Gunners already missed out on Dusan Vlahovic in the January window as their preferred replacement for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Nunez appears to be Plan B for Arsenal, but failure to qualify for the Champions League for another season may well force them to look further down their list of options.