Pedestrians and joggers who listen to music or talk on their mobile phones have been identified as being at growing risk. A coroner called for the signs after a woman thought to be wearing headphones was killed while crossing a country road in Wales. The woman was struck by a car on a 60mph stretch next to the Montgomery Canal near Powys in 2020. Witnesses said the car had “a quiet engine which could not be heard at the time of the accident”. In a ruling aimed at preventing future deaths, the coroner for South Wales Central, Dr Sarah-Jane Richards, said new guidance is needed. This could include road signs which warn pedestrians about the dangers of crossing roads while wearing headphones. READ MORE: Driver fined £65 because shadow of his car was in disabled spot She said: “With the increasing popularity of noiseless electric cars, the frequency of wearing earphones while taking exercise and the B4398 [where the death happened] having a 60mph speed limit, I consider there is a risk of reoccurrence of such an accident. “Within the Highway Code, it states, ‘Keep looking and listening for traffic while you cross, in case there is any traffic you did not see or other traffic appears suddenly,'" she told MailOnline. The Canal and River Trust, which maintains the Montgomery Canal, says it is considering putting up signs at beauty spots near roads across the 2,000 miles of waterways it oversees. The AA backed the call, asking councils and highways agencies to identify where else across the country the signs may be needed.  DON'T MISSLand Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist [SHOCKING]Hydrogen cars could cause a ‘nasty explosion’ if involved in a crash [WARNING]Red diesel restrictions attacked as drivers call for 'radical rethink' [COMMENT] The motoring group’s roads policy chief Jack Cousens said: “Existing road signs that warn of pedestrians in the road don’t necessarily convey the type of danger ahead at these popular crossings.” The European Commission passed a rule in 2019 which mandated that all new types of electric and hybrid vehicles have to be fitted with a new safety device. As of July 1, 2019, the Acoustic Vehicle Alerting System will automatically generate a sound from the start up of the car to the speed of around 20kmh or 12.4mph. The sound-emitting device has been obligatory in all new e-cars as of July 1, 2021. The regulation to make acoustic systems within electric vehicles compulsory allows those who are visually impaired to hear vehicles more easily. Michael Ellis, then-Roads Minister, praised the Government for adopting the law, saying it would benefit all road users. He added: “The Government wants the benefits of green transport to be felt by everyone, and understands the concerns of the visually impaired about the possible hazards posed by quiet electric vehicles. “This new requirement will give pedestrians added confidence when crossing the road.” Some electric car companies have gone further and developed ways to alert pedestrians when a car is approaching slowly, by creating artificial tones mimicking car horns that sound less urgent. Other cars can imitate the sounds of a petrol and diesel car, when put in sports mode for example. The car will mimic the roar of the engine to make the driving experience more immersive. A spokesperson for LeaseElectricCar.co.uk said: “In the not too distant future, petrol and diesel powered cars will become less available, with many more electric and hybrid models taking to the roads than there were ten years ago. “These types of vehicles are very quiet, which is great for noise pollution levels, but some drivers may be concerned if their car does make a noise, this could mean that something is wrong.”