Britons who have been diagnosed with cancer are facing a second battle when it comes to claiming Personal Independence Payments (PIP). Soaring inflation and energy bills are making life even tougher for cancer patients who are often too ill to work. In the first six weeks of 2022, Macmillan Cancer Support gave out over £1.6 million in financial grants to support people living with cancer in the UK who are struggling financially. This is a staggering increase of 33 percent compared to the same period last year. Campaigners are calling for the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to do more to support cancer patients struggling to pay their bills. Christopher Jones, who leads the support line at Macmillan Cancer Support, said its phone lines are inundated with people desperate for help. “Millions of people with cancer already face an extra financial burden due to the additional, and often unexpected, costs a diagnosis can bring, such as higher energy bills as they try to keep warm during treatment, or the travel costs of getting to and from appointments,” he said. READ MORE: Benefit expert shares how to receive £350 per month Mr Jones continued: "We are hearing from people living with cancer everyday who are extremely worried about their finances because of the devastating financial pressures of both their diagnosis and the increasing cost of living. “Our experts on the support line are reporting that they’ve referred more people with cancer to food banks in recent weeks than ever before. “People with cancer need to live, not just survive and we are urging anyone worried about money to access the support available from Macmillan. “We are here to make sure people get the help they need and deserve.” DON'T MISSPIP claimant 'distraught' after DWP process - 'Debt piling up' [INSIGHT]State pensioners could miss out on pension by giving wrong details [WARNING]PIP claim: 87 conditions that could mean you qualify for £627 a month [UPDATE] More than three quarters (83 percent) of people with cancer in the UK experience some kind of financial impact from their diagnosis. This works out at an average of £891 a month, on top of their usual expenditure. The average PIP claim takes five and a half months according to official records from the DWP yet some people are waiting much longer. A patient has spoken out about how she has been fighting for Personal Independence Payments for more than a year after suffering a life-changing heart operation. Lara Burwell found out she had Thyroid Cancer in 2019 yet still hasn’t received a penny. The 30-year-old mum says she just wants to focus on getting better and wishes she didn't have to fight for financial help. She told Express.co.uk: “Cancer has turned my life upside down and impacted everything, my breathing, my talking, my physical abilities and has left me unable to work.” “Despite the life changing side effects of my cancer, the DWP told me that there was no evidence that I had any issues that would impact me day to day. “Fast forward three years and two more tumours and I’m still fighting to get the support I’m entitled to.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Eve Byrne, director of advocacy at Macmillan Cancer Support, said: “There has never been a more critical time for the UK Government to provide financial support quickly for people with cancer. In response the DWP said: “We understand how difficult and life-altering a cancer diagnosis can be and we are committed to ensuring people get the support they’re entitled to as quickly as possible. “Where this doesn’t happen, most PIP claims can be backdated. “In cases of terminal illness, we fast-track PIP claims for anyone applying under Special Rules for Terminal Illness to ensure people receive the financial support they need, typically within three working days.” Meanwhile, people can get help with their application forms from an experienced Macmillan welfare rights adviser by calling the Macmillan support line on 0808 808 0000. 