Louise Minchin has dashed hopes that she is returning to BBC Breakfast after Dan Walker announced he was stepping down. Louise, 53, co-hosted the show for 20 years until September 2021. Responding to the news Dan was joining Channel 5 to host their news programme, Louise tweeted: “Massive congratulations  and good luck Dan. You will be missed on @BBCBreakfast but you won’t miss the early alarm calls”. To this, Twitter user Tony Hearn replied: “Does this mean Louise is back on BBC Breakfast”. But Louise was firm in her denial, writing back: “No,” alongside a laughing face emoji. Jack Earnshaw was sad to hear this, and replied: “Sobs! You are missed so much Louise”. Back in June 2021, Louise announced she was departing BBC Breakfast, admitting she was ready to leave the early starts behind. "I've decided that it is time that I stop setting my alarm for 3.40 – sometimes if I'm feeling really rebellious 3.46 – in the morning and I'm going to be leaving the programme,” she said. “It’s not going to be for a while, and just before anything else I wanted to thank everybody who’s watching for your loyalty and support over all these years. I have absolutely loved being part of it. I will really miss it. “But it is time now to stop that alarm early in the morning, and thank you for watching all these years as well.” When it was announced she would be replaced by Sally Nugent, Louise offered her congratulations. Posting a photo of Sally and Dan, she penned: “Huge congratulations to @sallynugenttv! Absolutely delighted for you and the team." Meanwhile, months later, Dan would confirm he too is exiting the morning programme. In a video posted on Twitter, he explained it had been a “massive decision” to make. DON'T MISS: Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [NEWS]Countdown's Rachel Riley fears show stint could spell 'end of career' [ADMISSION]Kate Garraway 'moving to better place' after struggles, co-star hopes [LATEST] "I don't think opportunities like this come around very often,” said the Strictly star. "I'm really excited but this has also been a massive decision for me because I love BBC Breakfast, I love working alongside Sally and I love the team there. "But Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often and I can't wait. "And what an honour to step into the shoes of Sian Williams. “I know how popular she is with both the team and also the audience, so all I can say is I will do my best to maintain her incredibly high standards. "Thank you for watching and I'll see you soon on a TV screen somewhere." Carol Kirkwood, who presents the weather on BBC Breakfast, has now also revealed her plans away from the broadcaster, having written a novel. The Hotel On The Riviera comes hot on the heels of the star's previous title Under A Greek Moon, which the synopsis has labelled "the perfect escapist read".