The puppy, called Mabel, is currently waiting to be re-homed at the RSPCA's Cumbria West Branch. The RSPCA has said the puppy loves nothing more than attention and affection. However, despite being just months old, the little puppy is already on to her third home.  The border collie cross is in desperate need of a home that will take her in on a long-term basis. RSPCA Cumbria West branch described her as a "young lady who is full of energy". A statement said: "She just needs a chance. "She'll take time to settle in to somewhere new. READ MORE: Manchester City vs Liverpool disgust: Fans denounce plane banner [REVEAL]  "She needs someone with her a lot of the time, she's desperate for attention." The puppy has been described as an affectionate dog who adores company and attention. The little dog can get a bit overexcited and bark and jump up at guests. However, it has been said that she enjoys learning new tricks. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle branded ‘figure of fun’ after taking on Queen [REVEAL]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle caused ‘shudders at palace’ [INSIGHT]Royal Family: Meghan and Harry snubbed over invite [ANALYSIS]   She is described as "very responsive, listens well and takes corrections" as if she was an adult dog. However, she is unable to live with small children at this time due to her tendency to nip and jump up. The animal charity believes another dog could help "bring her out of herself and help her learn". The statement adds: "Mabel needs to be kept busy. She needs to work. "Agility may be the best bet to focus her attention, but she could possibly work sheep or do man-trailing. "She is absolutely not a dog that can just be taken for a walk and expected to sleep the rest of the time, she will need a lot of stimulation to get the best out of her. "It's essential for Mabel to have a safe and secure outdoor space where she can run and frolic to her heart's content." If you're interested in rehoming Mabel, or any other dogs at RSPCA Cumbria West Branch's care, contact their team on 07999606281 or email rspcacumbriawest@btconnect.com. The centre is open Monday to Friday, 10.30am and 2.30pm. 