Manchester United midfielder Bruno Fernandes was involved in a car crash on Monday morning, one day before the club's Premier League clash against Liverpool. United travel to Anfield to face Jurgen Klopp's title contenders on Tuesday night to attempt to keep their top-four hopes alive. United have confirmed to Express Sport that Fernandes was involved in a crash in his Porsche ahead of training on Monday. However, there were no serious injuries at the scene, and the 27-year-old is expected to prepare with the rest of the squad at Carrington later in the day. Fernandes is a crucial part of Ralf Rangnick's plans as United pursue a fourth-place finish in the Premier League to maintain their Champions League status. The Merseyside visit is the first of three successive crunch clashes against Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea over the next nine days. The Red Devils will face Klopp's side on the back of edging Norwich City to a 3-2 win at Old Trafford on Saturday, courtesy of Cristiano Ronaldo's 60th career hat-trick. And top-four hopes were boosted further as Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur tasted surprise defeats to Southampton and Brighton & Hove Albion, whilst West Ham United were held to a draw against Burnley. JUST IN: Liverpool and Dortmund on red alert as Salzburg 'seal replacement' Fernandes signed a bumper new contract at United on Apr 1, extending his stay at the club until June 2026, with the option to extend for a further year. The Portuguese playmaker has earned his keep since joining from Sporting Lisbon in January 2020. Fernandes will likely play a central role in the club's imminent rebuild under Erik ten Hag. He has cemented his status as one of Europe's top midfielders at Old Trafford, registering 49 goals and 40 assists in 120 appearances in all competitions. READ MORE: Chelsea ace Ruben Loftus-Cheek joins Mount in firing Liverpool warning  United face a tall order at Anfield on Tuesday, with a Liverpool side hell-bent on toppling Manchester City as Premier League champions ready and waiting. Rangnick's side will have to be at their very best with minimal room for mistakes if they are to have any chance of leaving Merseyside in anything other than defeat. If United secure an unlikely yet possible triumph over the Reds, they would go level on points with Tottenham with one more game played but remain fifth on goal difference. However, it would open up a three-point gap on Arsenal and mount pressure on Mikel Arteta's faulting outfit to get a result against Chelsea on Wednesday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.