The savage remarks come after it was claimed that the Chancellor’s wife avoids tax due to her non-domicile status, saving her millions by not paying UK tax on foreign income. According to reports Mr Sunak’s wife, Akshata Murty, who is believed to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, held non-dom status.  This means her permanent home is considered outside of the UK and, although she is still liable for UK tax on income made in this country, she does not have to pay UK tax on foreign income unless it is brought into the UK. The Independent claims her status could have saved the Chancellor’s wife millions of pounds in tax on foreign earnings, but a spokeswoman for Ms Murty said she has always paid UK taxes on her UK income. The non-dom status is lawful and it is understood Ms Murty pays foreign taxes on her overseas income. Speaking to Dan Wootton, former Tory advisor Amanda Platell said: “If those stories are true on the front page, Rishi Sunak’s ambitions are dead in the water”.   A spokeswoman for Ms Murty confirmed she held non-dom status and said: “Akshata Murty is a citizen of India, the country of her birth and parent’s home. “India does not allow its citizens to hold the citizenship of another country simultaneously. “So, according to British law, Ms Murty is treated as non-domiciled for UK tax purposes. “She has always and will continue to pay UK taxes on all her UK income.” READ MORE: Russian economy facing COLLAPSE with mega-recession this year  It is understood Mr Sunak declared his wife’s tax status when he became a minister in 2018, and the Treasury was also aware so that any potential conflicts could be managed. Ms Murty is listed on LinkedIn as being director of capital and private equity firm Catamaran Ventures, gym chain Digme Fitness, and gentlemen’s outfitters New and Lingwood. She is also reported to hold a 0.91 percent stake in Infosys, which was founded by her now billionaire father. The Chancellor was initially dubbed a frontrunner in the race for Prime Minister, but has faced fury not only over his response to the cost-of-living crisis, but to his wife's tax status. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's security firm hiring Scott Morrison mocked for refusing to pay for flood resilience fundingHunt for commander dubbed ‘Butcher of Bucha’ His popularity has plunged with his net favourability down 24 points since just before the Spring Statement on March 23, to reach minus 29, a survey by YouGov found. The poll found more than half of Brits (57 percent) have an unfavourable opinion of the Chancellor, compared with 28 percent who view him in a positive light. 