Liverpool have confirmed the sad news that a supporter taken ill before their Champions League quarter-final clash against Benfica has died. The Reds were in action at Anfield against the Portuguese side as they looked to book their place in the semi-finals of the competition.   And they did so with a 3-3 draw, which saw them through 6-4 on aggregate following a 3-1 away win last week. Ahead of the match, however, there were hugely worrying scenes after a fan was taken seriously ill. And the club released a statement on Thursday morning which sadly confirmed their passing: "It is with great regret that Liverpool Football Club can confirm that a supporter who was taken ill ahead of last night’s fixture against Benfica has sadly passed away," it read. “First and foremost, the condolences and the thoughts of everyone at the club are with the supporter’s family, loved ones and friends. We would like to thank the emergency services for their heroic efforts in providing urgent care and our appreciation to our medical professionals, stewards and all supporters in the vicinity of the incident for their assistance.”  Fellow supporters paid tribute on social media following the tragic announcement. One wrote: "You'll never walk alone. Deepest condolences to his family and friends. RIP!" Another added: "Condolences to the family. May they stay strong together. YNWA." The news adds a sad note to what was a satisfactory night for the Reds on the pitch. Ibrahima Konate opened the scoring for the home side before Benfica's Goncalo Ramos equalised just 11 minutes later. A Roberto Firmino double put the tie beyond Benfica, although Roman Yaremchuk and in-demand striker Darwin Nunez earned a draw on the night and ensured Benfica could exit the tournament with their heads held high. Liverpool will now face Villarreal in the semi-finals, and speaking after the match boss Jurgen Klopp said: "I'm really happy because being in a semi-final is so special. We expect a couple of really difficult games. It will be a tough cookie but we are a tough cookie, so who cares? "Villarreal deserved to get through. I know Bayern Munich don't want to hear that."