The Earl and Countess of Wessex are in the Caribbean visiting various countries on a royal tour. The Countess has treated fans to a number of stunning outfits so far, and today was no exception. Sophie stepped out today in a white and blue floral dress. Her dress featured short sleeves and a V-neckline. The dress’ bodice was tight and the skirt slightly flowed, reaching Sophie’s shins. She matched the gown with pale pink suede stilettos and minimal jewellery. READ MORE: Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry'  Sophie and her husband are in the Caribbean to mark and celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, which will take place over the first weekend of June. The couple have already visited St Lucia and St Vincent and the Grenadines. The theme of the trip seemed to be focused around florals as Sophie has dazzled in two floral dresses out of four so far. On Saturday, April 23, she donned a cream-coloured summer dress decorated with multi-coloured flowers. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry states America is home 'for the time being' [INSIGHT] 'It rankles people!' Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed Sussexes travel [TV] Meghan speech shows 'astonishing differences' with Prince Harry [EXPERT] These flowers were purple, green, red, and yellow. The dress was a shirt dress featuring an open collar and three-quarter sleeves from Soler London. Called the Villamarie Bea Henley Maxi Dress, Sophie wore this with a white t-shirt underneath and brown chunky sandals on her feet. She also carried a Sophie Habsburg suede bag, on sale for £320, and Dolce and Gabbana sunglasses. Sophie’s jewellery pieces today were similar to what royal fans have seen the Countess wear on multiple occasions before. She donned her two gold Halcyon Days bangles, a silver chain bracelet, an-all white bracelet, and two necklaces. Her Halcyon Days bangles are gold plated and one is adorned with two pearls, while the other is decorated with two emeralds. The bangles are called the Maya Torque and look exactly the same but for the difference in stones. One of Sophie’s necklaces was silver featuring a leaf-shaped pendant, while the other was gold and had a pendant in the shape of an ‘S’. Sophie also wore dangling earrings with what looked like quartz stones hanging off the ends of gold studs. The Countess’ make-up look was minimal except for brown, coloured-in eyebrows and lashings of mascara. She also wore a coral-coloured lip.