Duncan Larcombe, author of Prince Harry: The Inside Story said turning Buckingham Palace into a shrine for The Queen would have “enormous” public support and would be “brilliant”. Mr Larcombe added that it wasn’t necessary for Charles to live in Buckingham Palace when he becomes King, a move he describes as “logical” as it could be a “reminder” of the Queen’s “incredible” reign.  He told OK! Magazine: “Buckingham Palace is so closely associated with the reign of Elizabeth the Second, so it may well turn into some kind of shrine. “The public appetite for it would be enormous, and it’d be brilliant. “It’s the logical thing to do, and it can still be guarded by police when the American President visits. And the Royal Family can still appear on the balcony. “You don’t need a member of the monarchy to actually be in residence for the palace to be attractive.   “And I think, therefore, it would leave it very much as a reminder of the Queen’s incredible reign.” The Prince of Wales has made a home for himself and his wife the Duchess of Cornwall at nearby Clarence House, where the late Queen Mother lived in her later years. Therefore it appears the royal couple are happy at their current home, where the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh lived in the early years of their marriage from 1947 to 1952. As a result it is quite possible that Charles may not move into Buckingham Palace when he becomes King at all. READ MORE:Royal Family LIVE: Harry's 'protection' remark mocked  There have been reports that the Prince dislikes the building as he finds it too large and impersonal. Although the Princess Royal and the Duke of York have apartments, no members of the Royal Family currently live there with the Queen having moved permanently to Windsor Castle. However in February The Times reported that the Prince would move to Buckingham Palace because of the importance of living in “the flat above the shop”. A royal source told the Daily Mail that the prince was “firmly of the view that it’s the visible symbol of the monarchy in the nation’s capital and therefore must be his home”. DON'T MISS:  Queen’s right-hand woman part of ‘cruel’ bid to put Meghan in place [REVEAL] Joe Biden to 'relish' meeting Queen despite showing Meghan support [INSIGHT] Meghan 'pushes Harry away' after televised kiss  [SPOTLIGHT] The source added: “There is no question about it. HRH’s view is that you need a monarch at monarchy HQ. This has never been in doubt.” The source continued: “Just like the Queen, he will effectively be in the ‘flat above the shop’. “He feels it is right, just as the Queen does, to work out of Buckingham Palace.“The palace will still be a working and entertaining hub and will also still be open to visitors. It is a hugely important tourist attraction. “But the prince can still live there at the same time, much like he does at Highgrove, which is also open to the public.” 