Incoming Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag should already be well aware of the scale of the challenge he faces thanks to analysis from Pep Guardiola back in October. Ten Hag is understood to have reached a verbal agreement to take over at Old Trafford at the end of the season. The Dutchman faces a huge job to restore United to their former glory following a campaign that will again finish without a trophy being run. Ralf Rangnick has been unable to turnaround the club's form following Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's sacking. The Red Devils hope that Ten Hag is the man to finally help them to challenge the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool. Guardiola was Ten Hag's mentor during their shared time at Bayern Munich, with the Spaniard was in charge of the first team and the Dutchman managed the reserves. And City boss Guardiola has already shown his protege how much work he will have ahead of him if he is to be successful. Guardiola was speaking as the pressure mounted on Solskjaer, a situation Ten Hag will face if he cannot turn things around quickly. READ MORE: Man Utd used Zinedine Zidane tactic 'to appease' concerned Ronaldo “At Man United, everything that happens is doubled. The influence of them, like Liverpool, they are the greatest teams in England for many years. When it happens, their victories are double, defeats are double, of course, it’s not a surprise," Guardiola said in October. “If I don’t have good results, I’ll be treated the same. Every manager. Nobody can survive bad results, no one. So expectations are so high at United, you have to win. For a long time the team didn’t win the Premier League, they do and they work to get results in terms of titles because their history demands it. DON'T MISS: Ronaldo's sister labels him 'example of respect' after phone incident (NEWS)Ten Hag's potential plan for Ronaldo as he looks to adopt Ajax method (INSIGHT)Erik ten Hag told to rip up Man Utd squad in Old Trafford 'overhaul' (ANALYSIS) "When I took over Barcelona, I knew it, I had to win otherwise another manager will be in this position. I’m saying the most obvious things that everyone knows. And in that moment that it happened I’m pretty sure Ole is surrounded by people, family, the staff to be close to them and try to win the next game. There are no more secrets than that.” Provided he has listened to what his mentor had to say as Solskjaer's reign fell apart, Ten Hag can be under no illusions as to the scale of the task he faced. The Dutchman must start winning quickly if he is to shake off any concerns that he does not have the experience needed to take over at a big club.