FAKIR D’OUDAIRIES has everything in his favour to make it back-to-back victories in the Marsh Melling Chase at Aintree. Following his impressive victory at Ascot, beating Two For Gold with Mr Fisher fourth, connections decided to swerve Cheltenham and keep the gelding fresh for today’s Grade One contest. FAKIR D’OUDAIRIES (3.30, nap, ITV) had earlier run with credit when second behind the smart Allaho at Thurles in January. In the past his defeats have been over longer trips but today’s two and half miles is tailor made for the Joseph O’Brien-trained gelding. Last year’s Marsh Chase lacked the quality of this year’s renewal but the manner of Fakir D’Ouairies’s victory highlighted the ability of this class act. Funambule Sivola will understandably have his supporters after finishing second behind Energumene in the Champion Chase at Cheltenham. That was a smart effort, but he looks flattered by that performance as he was never a threat to the winner. He earlier showed that he is on an upward curve when beating Sceau Royal (now 6lb better off) with Hitman (same terms) third at Newbury in February.  Favourite backers should be rewarded when JONBON (2.20, ITV) runs in the Betway Top Novices’ Hurdle. The gelding was no match for his talented stable mate Constitution Hill at Cheltenham when beaten 22-lengths, but he meets nothing of that calibre today. Conditions will be ideal for BRAVEMANSGAME (2.55, nb, ITV) after connections decided not to run at Cheltenham following the heavy rain. On form lines with Ahoy Senor the Paul Nicholls-trained runner has the beating of L’Homme Presse, winner of last month’s Brown Advisory Chase at Cheltenham, the race he was withdrawn from. SIZING POTTSIE (4.05, ITV) is very much the class act in the Randox Topham Chase. His last six outings have been in Grade events. Last time up he beat the smart Master McShee at Navan with something in hand. If he takes to the fences in this event, which takes place over a circuit of the Grand National course, he will be difficult to catch. Nicholls can complete a double with GINO BELLO (4.40, treble, ITV) in the Sefton Hurdle. He showed that he is progressing when slamming Peking Rose at Newbury last month and runs off the same mark.  1.45 Peking Rose 2.20 Jonbon 2.55 Bravemansgame (nb) 3.30 Fakir D’oudaires (nap) 4.05 Sizing Pottsie 4.40 Gelino Bello (treble) 5.15 Lively Citizen 