There are, of course, parallels between the two scenarios. China and Russia aim to reverse what both of their leaders see as historic territorial losses, while changing the balance of power against the West (in Russia’s case, what it sees as an expanding NATO, and in China’s case, what it sees as a constraining US presence in the Pacific). Russia's invasion of Ukraine has faced fierce resistance and a protracted and damaging war there is no certainty of Moscow ever winning, but in China’s tightly controlled media environment, Russia’s invasion is very much presented as a success. The Chinese Government has spent years ramping up the nationalist rhetoric on Taiwan. Any perceived climbdown now would represent an enormous loss of face for the Government both to its own people and, to some extent, other countries. Having told the Chinese people that Russia is winning, Beijing will find it extremely difficult to walk back any commitment it has on Taiwan. Indeed, even if Ukraine ultimately prevails or Russia suffers severe effects in the long term (neither guaranteed, by the way), China cannot be seen to have backed a losing party. Even in that scenario Beijing is likely to present the conflict as a win for Moscow, leading the Chinese people to no doubt ask if Russia can do this in Ukraine, then why can’t China do it in Taiwan. Of course, the island of Taiwan comes with advantages and disadvantages in terms of invasion compared to near-landlocked Ukraine. For one, China’s would be a maritime invasion and the Taiwan Strait is hardly easy to cross all year around. But getting resources into Taiwan would be a lot harder for the West than getting them into Ukraine, especially if China blockades Taiwan. China’s recent security pact with the Solomon Islands certainly points to wider defence ambitions in the Pacific, while its militarisation of at least three artificial islands in the South China Sea – now armed with anti-ship and anti-aircraft missile systems, as well as laser and jamming equipment – suggests more than just strong words when it comes to Taiwan. Why, one may ask, does Taiwan matter? Well, apart from being a democracy and a hugely important economy for the global electronics industry, Taiwan is part of the ‘first island chain’ which mostly consists of Japanese territory. From Beijing’s perspective, this chain blocks access to the western Pacific. Should Taiwan fall, the Asia-Pacific balance of power changes overnight. Little wonder the Quad alliance of Australia, India, Japan and the US - as well as a security pact between Australia, the UK and the US - have recently taken shape. Meanwhile, there has been a notable thawing of relations between Japan and South Korea, with a delegation from South Korea’s President-elect recently meeting the Japanese PM in a bid to strengthen ties.  As China watches Russia’s actions, it will also be aware of the strategic value of nuclear weapons, since Russia’s huge stockpile has clearly spooked the West and guarded against wider military confrontation. Meanwhile Russia’s seeming unwillingness to unleash its full defensive capabilities may convince China that it would need to go all in very quickly if and when invading Taiwan. Finally, Beijing will likely believe the West would not dare apply the kind of sanctions to China which it has to Russia given how interwoven China is now in the world economy. China may also seek to use its ally North Korea in a bid to distract and deflect in the event of conflict. Meanwhile, those who believe reason will prevail over perceived loss of face for the Chinese leadership should look at the continued Zero Covid policy. For leader Xi Jinping, any walk back now would represent an unbearable loss of face. In China’s media environment what matters most is how the conflict is sold to the Chinese public, and they largely see Russia’s actions in Ukraine as having cleared the path for China’s invasion of Taiwan. 