Arsenal have reportedly 'cooled' their interest in signing Dominic Calvert-Lewin having been strongly linked with the striker over the past few months. The Gunners are extremely light of options up front and could likely have Folarin Balogun as their only recognised striker by the end of the season. Dusan Vlahovic was the main target during the January transfer window, but Arsenal lost out to Juventus eventually. Other options were reportedly explored with Calvert-Lewin, Alexander Isak, Jonathan David and Darwin Nunez. Having missed out on signing a replacement for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in the mid-season transfer market, Arsenal will need to act this summer. Reports continue to link Arsenal with some big-money transfers and Calvert-Lewin has constantly been mentioned as a possible target. Everton's financial situation means they're likely to be in a position of selling some of their star assets in the summer, potentially making Calvert-Lewin available. But, according to the Telegraph, Arsenal will unlikely be in the race to sign the Englishman having 'cooled' their interest. JUST IN: Liverpool urged to make Conor Gallagher transfer as the 'perfect fit'  It's still reported that Calvert-Lewin will 'attract offers' from elsewhere with previous reports suggesting Everton will be hoping for £60million in the summer. Arsenal's drop in interest in signing Calvert-Lewin, though, suggests they are narrowing down their search for a new striker in the summer. Richarlison has also been linked with a move to the Emirates of late with the Brazilian potentially heading out the door at Goodison Park. But the Toffees forward recently appeared to suggest he is planning to remain at the club beyond the summer. DON'T MISS  "The focus is on the short term because of our situation in the league," Richarlison said. "But my longer-term ambitions are unchanged. "I have said for a long time I want to make history in an Everton shirt and score lots of goals here. I believe I can have a wonderful career at this club." Arsenal's lack of firepower was evident on Monday evening when they suffered a disappointing 3-0 defeat to Crystal Palace. Alexandre Lacazette continues to lead the line for Arsenal, but he's managed just four league goals this season with two coming from the penalty spot.