   The court heard about alleged text messages during Johnny Depp’s defamation trial against Amber Heard, where the actor is said to have referenced his former wife’s “rotting corpse”. During the trial, which began two days ago in Fairfax, Virginia, it was also heard by the court that Johnny, 58, had blamed Amber, 35, for “ruining their lives”.      Text messages between Johnny and friend Isaac Baruch from October 2016 were read in court, including one where the actor allegedly talked about his wife’s corpse “decomposing”. Today, Johnny’s longtime friend and neighbour Isaac took the stand in the actor's defamation trial against Amber. The actress’ lawyer Elaine Bredehoft asked Isaac to read aloud some text messages from October 2016 during her cross examination. In the text, Johnny reportedly said he hoped Amber's “rotting corpse is decomposing in the f*****g trunk of a Honda Civic.” READ MORE: Simon Cowell, 62, unrecognisable at Kids Choice Awards    When asked to corroborate the message, Isaac obliged, telling the courtroom: “Yeah, it was written.” Additionally, Johnny said of his ex-wife: “That c*** ruined such a f*****g cool life we had for a while," the court heard. The actor’s friend also got emotional during the cross examination when speaking about how the allegations against Johnny had impacted him and those around him. “It's not fair. It's not right what she did and what happened for so many people to get affected from this,” he said.      “It's insane how this happened.” He was then asked by Amber’s lawyer: “Mr. Baruch, you don't know whether Mr. Depp has committed domestic violence against Amber Heard, do you?” He paused, before replying: “I never saw or witnessed whatever type of claim that is being said. Ever.” Pirates of the Caribbean actor Johnny is suing his ex-wife for defamation over an article she wrote for the Washington Post in 2018 about how she had suffered from domestic violence, though he was never mentioned by name. READ MORE... Piers Morgan unleashes scathing attack on 'fascist' left-wing [LATEST] Johnny Depp's sister says Amber Heard called him 'old, fat man' [UPDATE] Dan Walker admits 'upsetting' Sally Nugent amid replacement update [NEWS]       The Hollywood actors drew mass media attention back in 2020, after Johnny attempted to sue UK tabloid The Sun for libel. The lawsuit centred around The Sun’s claim that Johnny is a “wife-beater” - a claim that Amber backed up in court. Johnny lost the case in November 2020 after the court upheld The Sun’s claims as being “substantially true”. The actor later attempted to overturn the decision, but it was overruled in March 2021.       Johnny and Amber met on the set of the 2011 film The Rum Diary and broke up five years later in May 2016. The actor has appeared in such films as Sweeney Todd, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Black Mass. Amber has appeared in other films including Aquaman and Drive Angry. The trial continues.  