British actress June Brown played the beloved character Dot Cotton on EastEnders for more than three decades. The star has died at the age of 95 just two years after her final appearance on the soap. Remembering the work of the iconic actress, Express.co.uk has all the details of June's final days on the long-running BBC soap opera. June first appeared on EastEnders back in 1985, just one year after the soap began. The actress continued working on the show as the much loved Dot until 1993 when she took a break from the role. However, she made a comeback to Albert Square in 1997, before leaving for good in 2020. Dot was well known as a gossip spreader in Walford as she chatted all about the town's latest scandals from her launderette. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... Even after retiring, Dot was renowned for handing out unwelcome life advice to her neighbours. She was one of the show's most well known characters having appeared in a total of 2884 episodes. Dot's final appearance on EastEnders was in January 2020 as she left Walford for the last time. In the episode, Dot decided to leave Albert Square and move away to Ireland. She went to live with her grandson Charlie Cotton (played by Declan Bennett) and his young son Matthew. Since Dot's departure, the character has been mentioned on the soap on several occasions as she still has family members living in Albert Square. June's family announced her death in a statement that read: "We are deeply saddened to announce our beloved mother, June, passed away very peacefully at her home in Surrey on Sunday evening, with her family by her side. "We would kindly ask that our privacy is respected at this very difficult time," he added. DON'T MISS...GB News star Stephen Dixon takes swipe at Sky News in ratings war [UPDATE]Midsomer Murders’ Fiona Dolman details memories of first episode [MUST SEE]Call The Midwife’s Helen George teases return to set [INSIGHT] Similarly, EastEnders spoke out about the sad news on Twitter, informing fans of June's death. The BBC soap's official Twitter page wrote: "“We are deeply saddened to announce that our beloved June Brown, OBE, MBE sadly passed away last night. "There are not enough words to describe how much June was loved and adored by everyone at EastEnders, her loving warmth, wit and great humour will never be forgotten. "June created one of the most iconic characters in Dot Cotton, not just in soap but in British television, and having appeared in 2884 episodes, June’s remarkable performances created some of EastEnders finest moments. "We send all our love and deepest sympathies to June’s family and friends. "A very bright light has gone out at EastEnders today - we shall all be raising a sweet sherry in June’s memory. Rest in peace, our dearest June. "You will never be forgotten," the statement concluded. EastEnders continues Monday at 7:30pm on BBC One.