Others struggle to trust emails, calls and texts from unrecognised contacts, people on dating apps, and quotes from tradespeople. And three-quarters feel it is harder than ever to know what information they should trust. While half pinpointed misinformation spread on social media as the cause of their cynicism, 39 percent blamed it on the fear that those trying to scam them are becoming more sophisticated in their tactics. It also emerged 86 percent feel it is important to conduct their own research, rather than just taking things at face value. Half of adults even insist on doing their own research about health concerns online, and not just relying on what a doctor says. The survey was commissioned by Santander, whose head of fraud control, Chris Ainsley said: “The constant bombardment of scams has really impacted people’s levels of trust. “Whether it’s phone calls from fraudsters pretending to be from your bank, or investment opportunities that simply seem too good to be true, it’s clear that over time it’s denting our trust in all sorts of things. “By taking your time and never letting someone pressurise you into acting quickly when it comes to your money, we can help to differentiate who to trust and who to avoid.” The survey also found nearly one in three will question things they encounter at least a few times a week – while 15 percent are apprehensive multiple times each day. On average, Brits only trust six people – and seven in ten admitted that once their trust has been broken, it is “almost impossible” to regain it. Those polled, via OnePoll, have had their trust broken as many as four times over the last 12 months. Chris Ainsley, from Santander, added: “Trust is hard earned and easily lost, with three-quarters of people admitting that once their trust is broken, it is almost impossible to regain it. “The effect of the relentless barrage of scams is far-reaching, and impacts our lives in such diverse ways. “Whether we’ve fallen victim to a scam or not, fraudsters are having a lasting impact on us all.” TOP 10 THINGS BRITS WON’T TAKE AT FACE VALUE: HOW TO PROTECT YOURSELF FROM FRAUD: