Mr Johnson has apologised after being fined by the Met Police for breaking lockdown rules but said he would not resign. The Prime Minister has faced calls to resign after he was fined for attending his own birthday party in the Cabinet room in Downing Street in June 2020.  Mr Johnson said: “I have paid the fine and I once again offer a full apology.” Asked if he would quit, Mr Johnson said: “I want to be able to get on and deliver the mandate that I have, but also to tackle the problems that the country must face right now.” Pressed on whether the fact he had broken his own laws meant that was not possible, he responded: “I believe that it's my job to get on and deliver for the people of this country and that is what I'm going to do.” Discussing his lockdown-breaking birthday party, Mr Johnson said “in all frankness at that time it did not occur to me that this might have been a breach of the rules”.  Speaking on GB news, Dan Wootton raised how several media houses and opposition are demanding Mr Johnson’s resignation. Discussing the issue, journalist Calvin Robinson said: “But on the flip side, he has an amazing PR team. “His PR is fantastic, look at the fact that he went to Kyiv days before this came out. “Look at the fact that VIPs are sending messages around all tory MPs right now and I am not on Twitter because of length, but I suspect a lot of MPs are tweeting support for Boris right now with similar wording, his PR team is fantastic.”  READ MORE: Caller slams 'cancel culture' row on Churchill However, journalist Dawn Neeson had a different point of view. She said: “I am angry at the hypocrisy involved in this. Not the party, I don't give monkeys about the party. “I am actually pleased with this. I am really happy tonight because of this it means, those hypocrites who lied will never ever be able to lock us down again. None of us will ever do that again.” Mr Johnson, his wife Carrie and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were all issued with fines for breaking lockdown rules.  DON'T MISS:Russian trawlers have access to £16m of fish in British watersNATO chief hints full-scale military force could be placed permanentlyBodies of 132 Ukrainians found in Makariv They are all understood to have paid £50 each, a reduced rate as the fixed penalty notices were settled within 14 days. Mr Sunak offered an “unreserved apology” and signalled he would not resign. The Chancellor said: “I understand that for figures in public office, the rules must be applied stringently in order to maintain public confidence. I respect the decision that has been made and have paid the fine. “I know people sacrificed a great deal during Covid, and they will find this situation upsetting. I deeply regret the frustration and anger caused and I am sorry. “Like the Prime Minister, I am focused on delivering for the British people at this challenging time.” The fines are the result of a Metropolitan Police investigation into parties in Downing Street and Whitehall in 2020 and 2021. 