It is hard to think of a big club more in need of a shake up than Manchester United and the news that Erik Ten Hag feels he is the man to tackle them head on is a positive in itself. But there can be no doubt he is in for a busy summer exchanging Eredivisie for the Premier League and Express Sport has a look at what is a bulging in-tray…. Get his English up to full speed Ten Hag last month moved to deny reports he had been taking English lessons with a view to putting himself in the frame for the Old Trafford job insisting he already spoke the language almost perfectly but he needs to be fully up and running on that score by the time next season starts. Ajax bosses were sensible in knocking back English requests to cover their recent press conferences but there will be no hiding place come August and he needs to be nimble enough not to slip up. Media duties are a huge part of the game and Ten Hag will need to choose his words carefully. Work out quickly who stays and who goes Not easy given he will have limited time to assess. Ten Hag has the KNVB (Dutch) Cup against PSV on April 17 and will hope to leave Ajax with an Eredivisie title as a parting gift – they have a four point lead over PSV with five games to play. After that he will be in Manchester working out which of his new United squad need to be given a chance and which need to be shipped out. Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard, Paul Pogba and Juan Mata are out of contact and on their way but loanees like Anthony Martial and Donny Van De Beek will be back and feeling like they have a clean slate to work from. There are big calls to be made all over – not least of which over the captaincy – and precious little time to make a judgement.  Take Ralf Rangnick out for dinner Rangnick has become something of a lame duck with his side out of the Champions League and with him not staying as manager, but in many ways declining authority has given him more power to say what he thinks not less. The German is going upstairs to a rather undefined consultancy role in the summer – even he does not seem to know how much time he is expected to work – but players who he believes have not given their all should be worried not emboldened. Ten Hag needs a voice to trust and that of the outgoing boss who has seen United’s underperforming stars with their guard down could be it marking some cards posthumously if you like. Take Ralf out for a nice dinner with a big notepad. Hit the ground running Ten Hag will be over with United before the end of May and, after player have had summer breaks, will start their pre-season then. The club have a tour to far east and Australia in late July which will be a chance for him to get to know his players, but it will also be a working trip with them getting up to speed. It goes without saying that Ten Hag needs to hit the ground running next season in order to get fans onside so he will be hoping for some help from the fixture computer when 2022-23 matches are released on June 16.  Ins and outs? Ten Hag has demanded the final say over signings. Good luck with that Erik. Yet with Cavani going, Marcus Rashford’s form remaining of concern, Cristiano Ronaldo getting into his final year and Mason Greenwood’s future still in doubt, United need a striker. Erling Haaland will not be coming to Old Trafford with City and Real Madrid circuling but Benfica forward Darwin Nunez might be persuaded. Ten Hag would not be the first manager to buy a player who has proved a thorn in his side with the Uruguay international dumping out Ajax from Champions League at the last 16 stage this season. Inter’s Lautaro Martinez, a target for both Spurs and Arsenal, is another option who would raise the bar. Declan Rice would be expensive but is exactly what United need. Keep his fingers crossed United don’t finish seventh The dreaded seventh place in the Premier League looks between West Ham, Wolves and United and, for all that Ten Hag will be hoping for better, ending up on Thursday nights in the the Europa Conference League would be a hindrance he could do without. Yes it would give him the chance to play youngsters but balance that against the travel and disruption to his weekend games and avoiding seventh looks a priority. 