Setup to investigate the insurrection in the US Capitol building in January 2021, the committee was blasted for presenting “altered evidence” by Republican Representative for Ohio, Jim Jordan. Mr Jordan slammed the committee for being “designed” to “keep President Trump off the ballot in 2024”.  He said: “Trying to pack the court, this committee, the January 6 committee altered evidence and presented it to the American people as if it were true. “And they accuse us of being a danger to our democracy? “[Matt] Gaetz was right, we’ve got a border that is complete chaos. “We have $6 gas in California, $4 gas everywhere else in the country.   “We have crime at record levels in every major urban area in this nation and we have an inflation problem that is at a 40 year high. “And this committee has more contempt resolutions for a purely political reason. “I think the whole committee is purely political, designed to do one thing; Keep President Trump off the ballot in 2024.” Donald Trump has been accused by critics of inciting protesters against the confirmation of the result of the 2020 US Presidential election by storming the Capital building on January 6 last year. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: 24,000 Russian troops flee as US sends in new lethal Mr Trump has yet to confirm if he is considering a bid for The White House in 2024 but recent polling showed he would beat Joe Biden in a rematch by at least 3 percentage points and Vice President Kamala Harris by an even bigger margin of around 11 percent. Social media users were divided on the issue with some Twitter users arguing as Mr Trump isn’t a Washington insider, there was every chance he would be kept off the ballot. One user, @bb1wackbag, wrote: “Well yeah. They're terrified of him because he's not one of the club and can't be bought.” Another user, @JuanPerrez_, added: “I am LIVID! Me and my family are FURIOUS that this election was ROBBED from us by sleepy joe. DON'T MISS:  NATO Summit: Truss vows 'age of engagement' with Putin 'dead' [REVEAL] Putin left raging after 60 paratroopers stage mutiny [INSIGHT] Putin plot to WIPE OUT Ukraine - entirely from the map [SPOTLIGHT]   “We are officially DONE with the US. We are packing our bags and moving to new mexico THIS WEEK!” However, others did not welcome the potential return of Mr Trump as a potential Presidential candidate. One user, @Bryan_919, wrote: “Wait, you can't run in 2024 if you committed sedition? Who knew?” Another, @orange_cult_ls, added: “Good. That means he can't f***  up 2024 for people who are more intelligent than him AND want a realignment.