Frank Lampard has insisted that he is not feeling the pressure ahead of Everton's huge match against Burnley on Wednesday evening in spite of his side's woeful away record in the Premier League this season. The Toffees will be looking to get one over their relegation rivals and take a big stride towards securing top-flight survival at Turf Moor but have only managed to win once away from home since the beginning of the campaign. Everton currently find themselves in the midst of a relegation dogfight and will extend their narrow advantage over 18th-placed Watford by claiming all three points against Burnley. Lampard's next match in charge of the Toffees will represent his biggest test since he was appointed as the club's manager back in January, but the former Chelsea boss is adamant that he and his side will deliver in spite of his lack of experience at the foot of the table."Everyone is quick to tell me I’ve never been in a relegation battle," he told reporters at Tuesday's press conference. "I suppose that’s a positive, but I’ve been in this game a long time and I understand big moments.“Tension can be a good thing, it can also go the other way. I don’t feel tense, I actually feel excited with the level of the game and the competitive nature of this game. I loved as a player being involved in competitive games when there was a lot on them. JUST IN: Everton slammed for 'rookie manager' Frank Lampard's 'chaotic' tactics "We’ve got 10 of those and this is the first one that’s in front of us. I’m calm and excited and when the game comes, we just have to have an absolute belief in ourselves."Everton have only won two of their eight Premier League matches since Lampard's arrival and the 43-year-old is yet to claim maximum points with the Toffees when playing away from Goodison Park. He has not been deterred by his side's lack of form on the road, though, and believes that his players can end the hoodoo against Burnley if they concentrate on executing their game plan over the course of the 90 minutes. "Yeah, that’s very important because it’s a big deal," he said when quizzed on Everton's dismal away record. "We’re in a position and a reality that we’re fighting at the bottom of the table to try and stay in the league."It’s been the case for a while, but with every game that goes, it becomes more intense, so the mental preparation, the physical preparation is key. Then it’s how you perform on the day."We can control lots of parts of that in terms of the preparation. The squad will be very focused on what we’re going into, then after that, it’s about the performance." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here