Anne Darwin and her husband John (Eddie Marsan) feature in ITV's The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe. The four-part TV drama recalls the unbelievable moment John Darwin decided to trick the world into believing he had died out at sea, so Anne could claim his life insurance. Anne said she was coerced into going along with her husband's plan, and actress Dolan spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about the wife and mother-of-two she played. The ITV series puts Anne Darwin at the heart of the story as she narrates the show. She recalls how her husband managed to convince her his plan would solve their financial difficulties. Yet she was not prepared for how the plan would escalate beyond their control. After John faked his own death, the couple fled to Panama to start a new life. Five years later they were caught out, and both spent more than six years in prison. READ MORE: How many episodes are in The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe? Anne actress Monica Dolan said the wife and mother was an "extraordinary person". Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, she said: "Don't ask me why she made the phone call [to the police] because I still don't know. "I kind of had to just sort of trust that Richard [Laxton, director] and everyone else would create the buildup. "Everything after the phone call, I can see why she lies to the sons because how do you tell someone that your father's missing and dead and then say 'Oh no, actually he's not?' "But that initial phone call... she's still sort of very mysterious to me really." The creators of the series were adamant they wanted to depict Anne's relationship with her sons and how it was rebuilt on forgiveness. Writer Chris Lang said: "I think in some ways Anne was the harder character to understand. "I think John was a narcissist, clearly an incredibly controlling character. "That didn't seem such a surprising character in a man but for a mother to do what she did, I think was one of the things people found most shocking. "So I wanted to put her at the centre and try to understand the journey she went on." DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Heartache for Eileen Grimshaw [THEORY] BBC Breakfast: Dan Walker replacement 'figured out'? [DISCUSSION] Oti Mabuse receives viewer backlash after presenting debut [INSIGHT] This was one of the reasons why Lang made Anne the narrator of the series. He explained: "[It was] so we could get some sense of her internal monologue because she didn't have anyone else to talk to. "She had this incredible secret, she couldn't talk to anyone else about it. "They actually didn't have that many friends. "It was a way to help the audience go on a journey with her." Anne Darwin had lied to her own sons, Mark (Mark Stanley) and Anthony (Dominic Applewhite), about their father. She led them to believe he was presumed dead, while he was in fact living next door to her all along, and carried on the lie for many years. It took a long time for her sons to forgive her for the deceit, but they are now on good terms. One of her sons even turned up to the film set for the series "in disguise", unbeknown to the cast and crew.  The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe airs on ITV at 9pm until Wednesday