Tommy Fury moved to 8-0 with victory over Daniel Bocianski but despite showing huge improvements, the light-heavyweight will feel aggrieved he did not get the knockout that long-term rival Jake Paul ordered. The American YouTube sensation told Fury he must stop his opponent in order to reignite interest in their previously-cancelled grudge match but it was a steady night's work for the younger brother of the Gypsy King, who prevailed 60-54 on the scorecards.  It was a slow start from Fury, who looked slightly on edge amid the pressure, despite revelling in his ring walk on the big stage. Fury then kicked into gear, momentarily rocking his opponent in the second as he upped the ante. Bocianski was momentarily flustered but seemed to recover as he continued to flick his jab. The Love Island star was looking improved as he put together some impressive combinations to show he was the dictator in this fight. TYSON FURY vs DILLIAN WHYTE - LIVE UPDATES FROM WEMBLEY AS GYPSY KING DEFENDS WBC AND RING MAGAZINE HEAVYWEIGHT WORLD TITLES After wobbling his rival once again in the third, Fury really began to push the pace for a knockout which he nearly found just before the bell. Tyson was watching on from his dressing room and his arrival was greeted with thunderous applause, that would have only upped the pressure on his brother. The conference was oozing from Fury come the fourth, when he was controlling the middle of the ring. He showed his reactions to get out of the way of a couple of looping shots before landing a straight right. The Pole remained resolute but there was significant damage under both eyes come the end of the fourth. Bocianski was on the deck in the fifth but it was ruled a slip by the referee but further punishment would await him. READ MORE: Inside 'frightening' Tyson Fury training camp sparring for Dillian Whyte world title fight Fury had him rocking once again with a few big right hooks but his opponent bit down on his gumshield and hung in there. That's until a big straight right sent him flying backwards but once again, Bocianski somehow weathered the storm. The fight managed to go the distance and Fury finished up by calling out his rival Paul, who he wants next... "I'll cut you and chop you to bits, just like I did there. That lad in there would kill Jake Paul on the spot," he said. "He'd slap Jake Paul. Jake Paul - I will end your career. You're a bum and you're no good. Let's get this fight done."