Stacey (played by Lacey Turner) has become increasingly concerned about her mother Jean (Gillian Taylforth) in EastEnders recently. Official BBC soap spoilers have revealed Jean's mental health battle reaches a crisis point when she runs away to Southend in her wedding dress. In upcoming scenes, Stacey will finally get through to her mum but will she decide she needs to take Jean away from Walford to keep her safe? While Stacey, who has bipolar, cottoned on to her mum's condition early on, the rest of Walford has put Jean's behaviour down to being in love with Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman). In upcoming scenes, Harvey loses his temper at Jean when he discovers how much she has spent on their wedding. He tells her he wants to focus on finding a place to live in Southend before their big day. After asking Jean to cancel everything, Harvey remains unaware Jean has received her extravagant wedding dress. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story development However, when he learns about the dress he has a change of heart and tells Jean to keep the gown. Later on, Stacey storms over to the cab office and begs Harvey not to move away with her mother. Harvey is rocked to the core however when he gets a terrifying phone call that Aaron Monroe (Charlie Wernham) has been seriously injured and is in hospital. Seeing his fragile state, Stacey supports Harvey at the hospital.  It is then she realises Jean has been a distraction for Harvey and tries to make him see this too, begging him not to marry Jean. Later on, Harvey is left staggered by Jean's nonchalant attitude when he tells her Aaron’s life is hanging in the balance and is even more taken aback when he sees her over the top wedding dress. He soon starts to realise Jean might be unwell and tells her they need to slow their relationship down as Aaron is his focus. The conversation does not sit well with Jean who moves back in with the Slaters much to her daughter's relief. DON'T MISS...EastEnders' Cheryl Fergison slams claims her husband is 'gold digger' [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Sam Mitchell uncovers Phil and Sharon affair [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Sam Mitchell frames Kat Slater for murder [SPOILER] However, things take an unexpected turn when Stacey is warned Jean has been spotted in her wedding dress claiming she is getting married. Unable to locate her, Stacey talks to Harvey and realises Jean has gone to Southend. Meanwhile, Jean enjoys the sights of the seaside as locals complement her wedding dress. When Stacey arrives in Southend she manages to track down her mum but sees her walking towards the sea.  A panicked Stacey runs after Jean and tries to encourage her away from the choppy water. At first, Jean resists her daughter's help, but she eventually gives in. Jean could benefit from some professional help, so will she and Stacey leave Walford together to get the treatment she needs? EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One. 