China has refused to condemn the Kremlin’s assault on Ukraine, and large Chinese multinational companies have not pulled out of Russia as many Western businesses have. Beijing’s foreign minister has adopted what is seen as a “pro-Russia neutrality” position and has abstained from voting to condemn the war at UN security council meetings. China has also condemned the use of sanctions against Moscow, and China’s foreign minister reiterated China’s wish to not be hit by the fallout of economic measures against Russia. Wang Yi said last month: “China is not a party to the crisis, still less wants to be affected by the sanctions.” China is Russia's biggest import source, with customs data showing the country sold $12.6 billion of goods to Russia in just the first two months of this year. However, smaller Chinese firms are being left out in the cold with potentially disastrous exchange rate losses. Deng Jinling, who owns a factory in eastern China, described how products destined for Russia were sat languishing in her warehouse. In 2021, around 30 percent of her company’s total revenue came from Russia. She told Reuters: "Our clients are all waiting to see if the exchange rate can improve a bit. “Their costs are too high with the exchange rate at the moment.” READ MORE: Russian oil depot 25miles from Ukrainian border on FIRE Shen Muhui, who leads a group of more than 20,000 small Chinese businesses exporting to Russia, explained the “depreciation of the rouble means that you lose money every time there's a sale”. He added Russian customers who would use Chinese yuan to buy goods were too few to make much of a dent. "You can't raise prices because the Russians can't afford it. “So you make a loss when converting your receipts into yuan.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine War LIVE: Russian troops flee Chernobyl [LIVE] NATO map: The three countries that could attack Russia first in WW3 [MAP] Polling shows EU citizens SUPPORT Ukraine joining – but leaders rebuff [REPORT] He added: "Exporting to Russia becomes undoable." Last year, Chinese customs data showed trade between the two countries had hit a record high of $146.9 billion - a jump of almost 36 percent. Ever since the Russian annexation of Crimea in 2014, and Moscow was slapped with Western sanctions, China has become a crucial source of imports for Russia. But China’s position is complicated by threats from the EU that the bloc “won’t take it lightly if China openly takes sides with Russia”. One senior EU diplomat told the Guardian: “The message should be clear: any military or financial support of China to Russia, also to circumvent sanctions, will have serious consequences for EU-China relations.” But this comes up against statements by Russian Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov, who arrived in eastern China this week for talks with counterpart Wang Yi. He added the world was "living through a very serious stage in the history of international relations". Addressing the Chinese government, he added that by the end of this stage, “we, together with you, and with our sympathisers, will create such a new world order".