The ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia continued on Monday as the head of Moscow's republic of Chechnya, Ramzan Kadyrov, claimed the nation would be unleashing havoc on a string of Ukrainian cities, including Mariupol and Kyiv. Kadyrov said in a video posted earlier on Monday he wanted to "fully liberate [the eastern regions of Luhansk and Donetsk]... and then take Kyiv and all other cities". In the video on Telegram, he added: "I assure you, not one step will be taken back." Russian officials claim that it will now focus its military resources on the "complete liberations" of the Donbas, which refers to the areas of Luhansk and Donetsk. Tensions between Ukraine and Russia have been ongoing for a generation, and triggered unrest during the leadership of former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych. Mr Yanukovych was originally ousted from his position as President following a series of “rigged” elections in 2004, but later secured re-election in 2010, promising to get Ukraine into the EU ‒ a vow he would later go back on. While he told voters he aimed to join the EU, he was in fact talking to Russia about strengthening their ties. His half-hearted attempts to join the EU while simultaneously wooing Moscow divided the nation further with the fallout seeing thousands descendent on Kyiv. When it became clear joining the EU was no longer an option for citizens, Ukrainians took to the streets of Kyiv to begin their protests against Mr Yanukovych, demanding the President be true to his original promise. Netflix’s 2015 documentary, Winter on Fire: Ukraine's Fight for Freedom, shone a light on how the fallout resulted in a bloody and bitter uprising, with police fighting the public and protestors on the streets. Many thousands of these were students, incensed with the u-turn. JUST IN: Putin unleashes terrifying new weapon on innocent Ukrainians Olena Stadnik, a Ukrainian art critic, described how people "woke up" and descended upon Maidan to demonstrate against the government's decision. One enraged student told the documentary: "I came here because several days ago, our government crossed out the future of Ukraine, and the aspirations of Ukrainian youth. "I came here to defend my future, the future of my children, compatriots and country." Another student described how former heavyweight world champion, Vitali Klitschko, joined the rally, as he kickstarted his bid to move away from the ring and into the fight of politics. DON'T MISS:Britons celebrate UK taking centre stage in battle against Putin [INSIGHT]World Bank predicts major blow to Russian economy [ANALYSIS]'Task set' Chechen warlord unveils chilling plot for Kyiv [LATEST] The student told the documentary: "Vitali Klitschko came to Maidan when he saw that a huge crowd was gathering there. "He brought his truck with the banner of his political party, but people made him take it away. "In general, these were people indifferent to politics." The boxer, who lost to British fighter Lennox Lewis in 2003, was eventually elected in 2014, securing his position as Mayor of Kyiv. Yesterday, Ursula von der Leyen, the European Commission's President, noted how Ukraine could become a member of the EU within weeks. The nation's application to join the bloc was signed in February, by the country's leader Volodymyr Zelensky. Olga Stefanishyna, deputy prime minister for European and Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine, said she expected Ukraine to be an EU member by June. While the process to apply can take years, Ms von der Leyen claimed on CCN's State of the Union show that membership for Ukraine could only take weeks to hammer out. She said: “Yesterday, somebody told me: 'You know, when our soldiers are dying, I want them to know that their children will be free and be part of the European Union.' “They are in an extraordinary situation, where we have to take unusual steps.” She added that Ukrainians "belong to our European family, without any question". USA Today reported on Monday that Ukrainian forces were pushing Russia back "so successfully" that Russians were being forced to regroup, according to White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan. He said on CBS News' Face the Nation: "Russia has changed its behaviour in this war. “They have retreated. They have pulled back from substantial territory in northern and northeastern Ukraine. "Chiefly the reason they made those adjustments is because they were beaten by the Ukrainians.” While Mr Sullivan was enthusiastic about Ukraine's resilience, Anatoly Antonov, Russia's ambassador to the US, told Newsweek last week that the West is provoking Moscow. The envoy added: "We warn that such actions are dangerous. "They can lead the US and the Russian Federation onto the path of direct military confrontation." Winter on Fire: Ukraine's Fight for Freedom is available to stream on Netflix.