Jake Paul was left baffled and angry after his world title ambitions were shot down by Eddie Hearn. YouTuber Paul, 25, has won all five of his professional boxing fights, proving many doubters wrong following his first pro-bout with fellow influencer AnEsonGib back in December 2019. However, the 'The Problem Child' is yet to face a recognised boxer, having followed up his debut victory with wins over basketball player Nate Robinson, and ex-UFC fighters Ben Askren and Tyron Woodley. He then beat his American compatriot a second time in a rematch after Tommy Fury withdrew from a scheduled PPV bout at short notice, citing illness and injury. However, criticism over his opponents hasn't stopped Paul touting himself for a world title shot - a notion Hearn was savage about when the pair met ahead of the Katie Taylor and Amanda Serrano fight at Madison Square Garden this Sunday. Speaking on iFL TV, the Matchroom bosstold Paul: "Everyone's entitled to have a dream. But I think there is absolutely now way he can beat a world champion." With Paul looking on startled, Hearn went on to claim Paul "hasn't faced a real fighter yet," which triggered a response from the Cleveland man: "A five-time world champion in Tyron Wooodley is a real fighter," he argued. "The first skill of MMA is boxing and he won the UFC championship with a right hand." JUST IN: Tyson Fury explains stance on fighting Oleksandr Usyk after retirement announcement  A fired-up Paul then asked Hearn "Do you consider Tommy Fury a real boxer?" to which Hearn replied "not in terms of ability," before trying to justify his stance by saying you could only be considered full-time if the sport was your "craft." However, as the squabbling continued, the promoter did concede Paul had made considerable progress. "I'll give you the props, I'll give the respect, but the proof will be in the pudding. I've said I believe Jake Paul is better than many fighters. But I don't believe you will ever get close to being a world class fighter." Despite Hearn's assertions, Paul's relevance is combat sports is undoubtedly growing. DON'T MISS:Dillian Whyte insists he will '100 per cent' win world title after Tyson Fury lossTyson Fury defends Mike Tyson for hitting fan on plane - 'I'd pay for that myself!'Anthony Joshua tipped to beat Tyson Fury as Barry Hearn explains how to win £100m fight  He is promoting Serrano, who has held titles in seven weight classes, while Hearn is guiding Taylor, whose undisputed lightweight title is on the line on Saturday. In the meantime, Paul has also voiced his intent to negotiate a fight with the legendary Mike Tyson. He has also regularly goaded Conor McGregor, who is yet to return to the UFC since breaking his leg in his defeat to Dustin Poirier last July. Following that loss, Paul immediately called the Irishman out, and recently bragged he would knock him out 'in the first round' if the pair met in an octago. 