Aljaž Škorjanec recently announced he was quitting Strictly Come Dancing after nine years on the BBC One programme. The 32-year-old Slovenian dancer admitted the decision to leave the show was "tough" in a heartfelt statement to his fans. Last year's Strictly finalist John Whaite, who was partnered with Johannes Radebe, has branded Aljaž's exit "shocking". Millions of viewers tuned in to watch Strictly Come Dancing last year, with many enjoying seeing Aljaž's and Dragons' Den star Sara Davies take to the dancefloor each week. While the pair did not make it into the final, Aljaž has developed a huge fanbase over the years and viewers no doubt hoped to see him perform in this year's series. However, the professional dancer announced he was hanging up his dancing shoes recently and following in the footsteps of his wife, and former Strictly professional, Janette Manrara who quit in 2020. Strictly Come Dancing 2021 finalist John Whaite spoke out about Aljaž's exit on the red carpet at the Royal Television Society Awards. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... The Great British Bake Off star told Express.co.uk Aljaž will be missed by fans and fellow professional dancers alike. The 32-year-old added: "I’m shocked because I love Aljaž as he has such great positive energy. "He is one of those people who walks into a room and makes every single person feel good about themselves. "Even though he is this great dancer and has unbelievable talent he makes the other person feel loved so he is going to be missed for sure but I know he will do on to bigger and brighter things."  John continued: "He’s a superstar so I wish him all the best luck in the world." John and South African dancer Johannes were runners up to Rose Ayling-Ellis and Italian pro Giovanni Pernice in last year's stellar final. The couple made Strictly history as the first-ever male same-sex pairing on the show. Reflecting on his time on the programme, John explained: "I am pining for Johannas, I am pining for the dancefloor and I am pining for the sparkles and the sequins." DON'T MISS...Anton Du Beke shuts down Strictly judge replacement news [LATEST]Oti Mabuse addresses 'hardest' part of Dancing on Ice judging stint [UPDATE]Giovanni Pernice reacts to Aljaž's decision to quit Strictly  [EXCLUSIVE] However, John admitted it was good to be back to normality once again after an extremely busy year with Strictly and the tour which followed. He added: "I have seen Johannas as he is doing his own tour rehearsal at the minute and it was amazing. "It made me realise I could not dance, I thought I could dance but when I saw Johannas dancing on his own it was like, ‘Okay, that is what dancing is.'" Johannes, 34, will be returning to the 20th series of Strictly Come Dancing, but the celebrity contestants are yet to be announced.  In Aljaž's statement about his exit from Strictly, he said the show had changed his life forever. He added: "A little while ago I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last." The dancer said the show gave him the "opportunity and freedom" to create and express himself in front of millions of people. Strictly Come Dancing 2022 will air later this year on BBC One. 