Lewis Hamilton’s future looks more uncertain than ever after his hopes of buying Chelsea with Serena Williams as part of Sir Martin Broughton’s consortium appear to be over. Hamilton and Williams had each committed £10million as part of the bid. But LA Dodgers and LA Lakers part-owner Todd Boehly now looks set to be chosen as the preferred buyer. Hamilton’s involvement with Broughton’s Chelsea bid came to light last week, despite the fact he’s an Arsenal fan. But he may have to put a career in football ownership on the backburner for now. Hamilton’s F1 future had been up in the air over the winter following a controversial end to the 2021 season, which saw him miss out on landing a record eighth championship as Max Verstappen triumphed. He ultimately decided to return to the track but has struggled during the early stages of the new season after F1 teams redesigned their cars in the wake of a whole host of regulation changes. Hamilton managed to secure a third-place finish at the 2022 F1 season-opener in Bahrain last month and was fourth in Australia. But he could only muster 10th place in Saudi Arabia at the end of March and 13th place in Italy last weekend. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton delivers verdict on F1 potentially axing Monaco GP  The 37-year-old is currently being shown up by his new team-mate George Russell, who took a Mercedes seat at the start of the season. And the Silver Arrows duo are also dealing with porpoising issues, which they can’t seem to solve. Mercedes have dropped to third in the Constructors’ Championship standings and look unlikely to challenge for honours this year. And that could mean Hamilton is ready to turn his back on F1 once and for all. After all, the Stevenage-born superstar is used to competing at the front of the grid and winning titles. And if he fails to regularly claim podium positions, he may decide to pursue other interests instead. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton faces up to biggest question mark of his career [INSIGHT]Mercedes may have accidentally cost George Russell a podium in Imola [ANALYSIS]Mercedes admit making crucial error which impacted Lewis Hamilton [COMMENT]   Hamilton is well-known for his human rights and animal rights endeavours and has also spoken about environmental issues. And he has been involved in a string of charity initiatives as well as having business interests, launching a clothing line in 2018. So the veteran will have plenty of activities to keep himself occupied if he does decide to quit F1 in the coming months. Hamilton’s current Mercedes contract takes him to the end of 2023. But it remains to be seen whether he is happy to stay in the sport until then. 