Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp could miss out on landing Aberdeen right-back Calvin Ramsay as Leeds are reportedly preparing to hijack the Reds’ attempts to take the teenage sensation to Anfield. Ramsay has become a regular in the Scottish Premiership this season but looks set to head south this summer. Ramsay, who has played three times for the Scotland under-21 side but is yet to receive a senior call-up, has been attracting interest from rival clubs since bursting onto the scene at the end of last season. And, according to The Sun, Leeds will offer the 18-year-old a faster route into the first team if he chooses Yorkshire over Merseyside. But Liverpool are desperate to land the defender and use him as cover for Trent Alexander-Arnold. Reds chiefs are said to be raving about the defender and will not want to see their efforts to sign him thwarted by another Premier League side. Ramsay, who is contracted to Aberdeen until 2024, is said to be available for just £3million and would represent a huge bargain for whichever team eventually manages to sign him. And the ace has already spoken about the attention he is getting. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Rangnick slams three decisions after Arsenal defeat   “It’s all been good because growing up it’s all you want to do - play first-team football, then hopefully get a big move one day in the future,” the teenager recently said. “It’s all about learning and you’ve got to keep calm. You can’t let it get to your head. “If you do you can end up thinking you’re better than you are and not playing how you can. At one stage it seemed like there was something on Twitter or in the papers almost every day. I tried not to get caught up in it because that’s the worst thing you can do. “It’s good hearing all that stuff, but I’ve just got to produce on the pitch, then everything else will play itself out. At the start of the season I felt I was doing really well, then I got my injury and came back. DON'T MISS Tottenham 'line up Gareth Bale return along with five signings' Erik ten Hag makes stance on Man Utd selling Marcus Rashford clear Mikel Arteta needs to 'make a change' for Saliba to snub transfer     “I’ve done alright. On deadline day [in January] I was up in Dingwall because I had a game the next day against Ross County - so that was what I was focusing on. I’m young and it’s my first full season, so I’m trying to build on that and get more confidence.” Ramsay has made 32 appearances for Aberdeen this season after playing six times for the first team last time around. And he’s received rave reviews for his fine performances.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here