Chinese leader Xi Jinping may look to conquer Taiwan in the second half of this decade, according to ASPI Senior Analyst Malcolm Davis. Mr Davis had warned that China invading and annexing the self-governing island is "essential” to Xi’s "grip on power." Mr Davis told Sky News Australia: "President Xi Jinping taking Taiwan, essentially enforcing a unification of Taiwan and China, invading and annexing Taiwan is essential to his grip on power. "And it's essential to what the Chinese call the China dream, which is to reconstitute China as the Middle Kingdom as the global dominant power. "Taiwan has to be part of China from Xi's perspective. "Now, it's really critical to point out that the Taiwanese people do not want that they do not want reunification with China." He added: "They see themselves not as part of China not as Chinese but as Taiwanese. "From Xi Jinping's perspective in Beijing, that's unacceptable. "So if Taiwan is refusing unification on Beijing's terms, in a peaceful sense, then China will probably use force in the second half of this decade." It comes amid reports Taiwan's defence ministry has set up a working group to study the tactics of the war in Ukraine, including how the country has been able to hold out against Russia and has been discussing this with the United States.   Taiwan, claimed by China as its own territory, has raised its alert level since the Russian invasion, wary of Beijing possibly making a similar move on the island, though it has reported no signs this is about to happen. The possible impact of the war on China's military thinking on Taiwan, and how China could attack the island, has been widely debated in official circles in Taipei. Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of parliament, Defence Minister Chiu Kuo-cheng said they had had "contact" with foreign countries to talk about how the war was being fought, and had set up their own working group to study it. Topics Taiwan is following include Russia's poor military performance and Ukraine's resistance, he said. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle in podcast takeover as Harry cut out of project [INSIGHT]Prince Harry on the spot as key security row paradox exposed [ANALYSIS]Jamaican MP hits out at claims she 'snubbed' Kate [VIDEO] Topics Taiwan is following include Russia's poor military performance and Ukraine's resistance, he said. "It is not only discussed in exchange meetings between the United States and Taiwan, but also discussed with other countries that have regular contacts with Taiwan," Chiu added, without giving details. Taiwan's team on Ukraine includes academics from the National Defence University, he said. "However, we will not make remarks rashly, but through internal discussions which are important, to get results that are helpful for building armaments and preparing for war."