Acting legend Helen Mirren has broken her silence following the death of her stepson Rio Hackford last week. The Queen actress, 76, told of her "heartbreak" at losing the talented actor as she and her husband Taylor Hackford released a statement. In the statement, the couple told how they "are both inspired by the life of our son and stepson, Rio Hackford, and heartbroken by his loss". "His life showed us how to live in generosity and community. "He shared his life's journey with so many who now mourn him, and at the same time, celebrate their fortune in knowing him.," they told US magazine, People. Helen and Taylor went on to reveal that the actor died from a form of cancer. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he isn't sure about GMB future after backlash  Rio's cause of death was unclear in earlier reports. The statement went on: "Rio died of uveal melanoma, a very aggressive and rare form of cancer." It ended with the pair urging readers to undergo eye checks. "We would beg everyone reading this to get their eyes tested at least once a year, which might save their loved ones from this cancer," they added. Following the actor's death, Helen posted a snap of Rio's face to Instagram, simply captioned: "El Rio," as fans flocked to the comments to pay their respects to the star. The Mentalist star Robin Tunney also paid tribute, branding Rio "special." She wrote: "I was so sad to hear about Rio passing. “I remember him exiting his old yellow cab in late ’80s Chicago! The car was enormous but Rio could not be dwarfed by his impractical ride. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [UPDATE]'Complete b******t!' Piers Morgan reignites row with Meghan Markle [ANALYSIS]Craig Revel Horwood aims swipe at Anton and Kevin over Strictly number [INSIGHT] "He was too nice to be that handsome. Too cool to be that relatable. "My Gosh that man was special. RIP Rio," she finished. Fans also took to social media to post emotional tributes to the star. Twitter user @thisnolalife penned: "RIP Rio Hackford. Thanks for giving me a place to find my Pals." @CJoBurks wrote: "I just learned Rio Hackford passed away. I was recently thinking about him when I saw him in Pam & Tommy. "He gave us some of the coolest bars in NOLA and he was always kind to me. Condolences to his family. RIP Rio," they finished. Rio had his acting debut with a role in hit 1990 Hollywood film Pretty Woman before going on to land roles in movies Fred Claus and True Detective. More recently, Rio starred as in Hulu series Pam & Tommy as well as hit film, The Mandalorian, which saw him provide the motion capture for the droid IG-11. He also owned a club in New Orleans.