Charles-Henri Gallois, President of Generation Frexit, took to social media to tear into President Emmanuel Macron over his decision to play Ode to Joy at his victory party in Paris. Mr Macron won his second consecutive French Presidential Election last night after he defeated National Rally candidate Marine Le Pen by 58 percent to 42 percent. The margin was slightly narrower when the pair faced off in 2017, as Mr Macron emerged victorious by 66 percent to 34 percent. The French President celebrated his victory, just as he did five years ago, by playing Ludwig van Beethoven's Ode to Joy as he walked alongside his wife Brigitte in front of the Eiffel Tower. Mr Gallois responded in a post to his 25,000 Twitter followers. Writing in French, the Frexiteer said: "Macron returning to the EU anthem! "Anti-France won. The foreign party is back in power." Mr Macron, who is currently the rotating President of the EU Council, has been keen to stress his Europhile credentials during the campaign and even warned Ms Le Pen had a secret plot to drag France out of the Brussels bloc. JUST IN: 'Elect me as Prime Minister!' Far-left Eurosceptic piles pressure on victorious Macron The French President had even insisted the poll was a referendum on France's EU membership. Leaders from across the EU27 also appeared to laud his victory as a triumph for the bloc. Paolo Gentiloni, the Italian-born European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs, said: "The re-election of Emmanuel Macron is extraordinary. "France has chosen Europe. A blow for sovereignty. "And now the relaunch of the European project." EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen added: "Dear Emmanuel Macron, congratulations on your re-election as President of the Republic. READ MORE: 'France's tragedy begins!' Frexit leader slams Macron after two people shot dead in Paris "I look forward to continuing our excellent cooperation. "Together, we will move France and Europe forward." Even Boris Johnson, who had been caught up in some post-Brexit fishing and AUKUS disputes with Mr Macron, was keen to congratulate his French counterpart. The Prime Minister said: "Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on your re-election as President of France. "France is one of our closest and most important allies. "I look forward to continuing to work together on the issues which matter most to our two countries and to the world." DON'T MISS:Macron delivers victory speech & claims to be "guardian" of France [VIDEO]Read why Macron's challenger Marine Le Pen admitted defeat [INSIGHT]'Don't want Macron and don't want Le Pen!' French voter exasperated [REACTION] Ode to Joy, which was first written by the German composer in 1785, was adopted as the so-called 'Anthem of Europe' by the Council of Europe in 1972. According to the EU Parliament website, Ode to Joy was officially adopted by the Brussels bloc in May 1986 during a ceremony in the Belgian capital. The ceremony also saw the EU officially unveil the so-called 'Flag of Europe', which had already existed since 1955. However, Mr Gallois' intervention is not the first time anti-EU politicians have taken exception to the Beethoven classic. Brexit Party MEPs, who were led by ex-UKIP leader Nigel Farage, caused controversy across the bloc when they decided to turn their backs to the anthem following their victory in the 2019 EU Parliamentary Elections.