Jada Pinkett Smith, 50, wishes her husband Will Smith, 53, didn’t storm on stage at the Oscars and slap Chris Rock, 57, after he joked about her hair, according to a US Weekly source. In the aftermath of the incident, which happened last week, the couple are said to be in agreement that Will’s response was an "overreaction", but Jada is understood to not be “angry” with her husband. The incident in question was instigated when Chris was presenting the award for Best Documentary Feature at the Academy Awards. In his monologue, the Madagascar actor made a joke regarding Jada’s shaved head, a result of alopecia. Chris said: “Jada, I love you, G.I. Jane 2, can’t wait to see you.” Will initially laughed at the joke, but Jada looked upset and rolled her eyes. READ MORE:Midsomer Murders' Fiona Dolman says she saw a new side to Neil Dudgeon Will then walked onto the stage and slapped Chris before returning to his seat and shouting: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f***ing mouth.” A source claims that although Jada is not “angry” with Will, she “wishes he didn’t” get physical with Chris. The source explained that the altercation “was in the heat of the moment” and the couple are thought to be “in agreement that he overreacted”, according to US Weekly. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Will and Jada for comment. Will Smith has since issued a statement apologising for his actions and has resigned from the Academy. In it, Will described his actions as “shocking, painful, and inexcusable” and said he “betrayed the trust of the Academy”. He said “the list” of those he had hurt was “long”, which included Chris and his family, as well as the other nominees and winners on the night. The statement continued: “I deprived other nominees and winners of their opportunity to celebrate and be celebrated for their extraordinary work. I am heartbroken. DON'T MISSZoe Ball forced to leave midway through Radio 2 show due to illness[LATEST]A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman taken aback by filming conditions[INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty fires back at BBC Breakfast fan's warning over weight[NEWS] "I want to put the focus back on those who deserve attention for their achievements and allow the Academy to get back to the incredible work it does to support creativity and artistry in film. “So, I am resigning from membership in the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and will accept any further consequences the Board deems appropriate. “Change takes time, and I am committed to doing the work to ensure that I never again allow violence to overtake reason.” Jada has not released an official statement, but did share a cryptic post on Instagram a few days after the incident. The upload to her 11.9 million followers featured text on a plain pink background, which read: “This is a season for healing and I am here for it.” Chris also addressed the situation when he took to the stage in Boston on Wednesday night. He received a standing ovation and told the crowd: “I’m still processing what happened, so at some point, I’ll talk about that s***. “It'll be serious. It'll be funny, but right now I'm going to tell some jokes."