Manchester United officials are reportedly locked in ‘considerable debate’ about whether to appoint Erik Ten Hag or Mauricio Pochettino. The Ajax and Paris Saint-Germain bosses are the two overwhelming favourites to replace Ralf Rangnick at the end of the current campaign. As the Reds enter the final weeks of another trophyless season, their next managerial decision is widely regarded as the most important in recent years. The Red Devils are currently languishing in sixth position, four points behind fourth placed Arsenal. This gap will also extend to seven points if Mikel Arteta’s in-form Gunners win the game on hand they currently hold over United. While the race for the top four is far from being run, United’s focus and intense consideration of their manager also clarifies an intense focus on next season. Despite the summer arrivals of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane, and Cristiano Ronaldo, a place in the top four is the best United can hope for at the end of the season. However, a decision appears to be far from made as the Reds are purportedly conflicted as to who to choose. READ MORE: Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee Reports from the Independent suggest United officials are struggling to pick between Pochettino and Ten Hag. Both managers have been labelled as the favourites for the Old Trafford hot seat over the course of the season. Spain manager Luis Enrique was previously regarded as a candidate for the United job, but the former Barcelona boss appeared to rule out any possibility by highlighting his desire to lead his country at the upcoming World Cup. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel and Sevilla manager Julen Lopetegui were also touted as potential options, but both bosses appear to be unmoving at their respective clubs. READ MOREMohamed Salah and Egypt targeted with lasers by Senegal fans in World Cup play-off deciderSadio Mane sends Senegal to World Cup as Liverpool team-mate Mo Salah skies penaltyAjax director shines light on Erik ten Hag mindset after completing Man Utd interview Ten Hag and Pochettino are the two front-runners for the position but United are also fretting over the various implications of hiring the two managers. Ten Hag is believed to be the most financially viable option as Pochettino would reportedly cost United £25m if they were to convince him to swap the Parc des Princes for Old Trafford. While the former Tottenham boss will cruise to his first league title as manager, barring a spectacular collapse from the Ligue 1 leaders, Ten Hag’s trophy haul his considerably better than the Argentine. He is on his way to winning a third consecutive Eredivise title at the Amsterdam giants. Ajax also face fierce rivals PSV Eindhoven in the final of the Dutch Cup, where they could also secure a third consecutive League and Cup double. However, Pochettino’s Premier League experience at Tottenham could also swing the pendulum in his favour.