Chelsea Lazakani is the latest addition to Netflix's hit reality TV series, Selling Sunset. Season five introduces some new faces as the Oppenheim Group undergoes a reshuffle. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about Chelsea, including her age. Chelsea was not afraid to throw herself into the drama at the Oppenheim Group in the latest season. The British agent, who hails from London, impressed the other real estate stars with her enthusiasm and knowledge. She took a shine to Christine Quinn and this caused some tension among the rest of the group. Yet she did not let the drama get in the way of impressing the Oppenheim bosses. The reality star is 29 years old and she studied at the University of Buckingham. READ MORE: Knew it was better to stop' Selling Sunset's Mary on Chrishell's split She also has a master's degree in oil and gas economics from Dundee University. She previously worked as a business strategist and got her real estate licence in 2017. Her father works in architecture, so she has always been familiar with the world of property development. Chelsea is married to her husband Jeff and they have two children: Maddox and Melia. She met her soulmate whilst on holiday in LA in 2015, and she decided to make the stunning location her home. Chelsea shared the trailer for the new series saying: "New Girl! New Drama!" She clicked with Christine at a house viewing and they instantly realised they had a lot in common. Chelsea said she always gets what she wants and her persistence shows in her successful business. She has overseen more than $10 million (£7.6 million) in sales. Before joining the Oppenheim team, she worked for the California-based agency, Rodeo Realty. DON'T MISS... Selling Sunset's Chrishell Stause shares anxiety over season 5 drama [INSIGHT] Selling Sunset: What is Chrishell Stause's real name? [EXPLAINER] Mary Fitzgerald first husband death: How did star's husband die? [INSIGHT] She has branded herself and Christine the "black and blonde Barbies" of the team. The star was keen to represent a minority group, telling People: "I saw this as an opportunity to really open doors in an industry that has lacked diversity and where minorities are underrated. "I feel like with great opportunities comes great responsibility. "This was kind of my time to give back and to educate and really mentor and push forward Black women in this luxury sector in real estate. "So, just knowing that I’ve got a greater purpose kind of prepared me for this." In the series, she opens up about how she was inspired by her mother, who is Chief People Officer at Emerson. She was quick to bring some promising deals to the team and did not hold back when it came to sharing ideas. Chelsea impressed the rest of the agents with her proactive nature and earned her desk at the Oppenheim Group office. Fans will be interested to see how her career progresses.  Selling Sunset season 5 is on Netflix now.