Manchester United should prioritise signing Jude Bellingham ahead of Declan Rice, according to the club's former striker Andy Cole. Both Rice and Bellingham have been linked with moves to the Red Devils in recent years. United are set to be busy in the market this summer once they have confirmed the appointment of a new manager. With Paul Pogba set to leave at the end of his contract, midfield could be an area they look to strengthen. West Ham boss David Moyes claimed earlier this week that Rice is not for sale but £150million would be an absolute minimum for him. However, Cole would rather see that amount spent on Borussia Dortmund star Bellingham. Appearing on Sky Sports, Cole said: "£150m for a holding midfield player? That's a lot of money. Not sure how many goals he's going to get you from that position. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick explains four demands he’s made as Glazers face crunch time  "We were just talking, if the opportunity comes about and you have Rice come available in the summer and you had Bellingham come available in the summer, who would you spend your £150m on? Personally, I would go with Bellingham. "He's 18 years of age and he goes that way, that way [defending and attacking], he creates chances, he scores goals. For such a young man, his ability is absolutely frightening." Cole is a fan of Rice but believes teenager Bellingham has more to his game than the Hammers star. He added: "[Rice is] another very good player. DON'T MISSChelsea have four players who may be dropped for Real Madrid clash after Brentford mauling [OPINION]Man Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford job [REPORT]Tottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle win [GOSSIP]  "I think they're different players but can play in the same position. But when I break it down, I look at Rice and he understands his position very well, he's the main man for West Ham. "But when I look at Bellingham I think he's got something extra to him as well, just energy, up, back, scores goals, creates goals. Quality player." Asked if United should pursue Rice, Cole said: "Should they? I think Manchester United and many other clubs will be looking at him because he's got himself in that position. At £150m? We'll have to wait and see."  Speaking to the media this week, Moyes claimed West Ham would take a similar stance to Tottenham's with Harry Kane if clubs attempted to sign Rice. He said: “The first thing to say is that he is not for sale. “But if you are interested, well, it will be north of that, because £100m was cheap last summer, and £150m just now would be minimum – but he is not for sale. I look at what Tottenham did with Harry Kane, albeit in a different way. "They said, ‘no, there is a price and if someone wants to pay the price, then we’d probably do it. If they don’t then he’s not going anywhere’. That’s it, they have kept him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 