The late John Lambert was thrown out while battling dementia because his local authority said he should move somewhere cheaper, it was said. Former RAF pilot John was legally entitled to a contribution from Merton Council, in south London, after exhausting his life savings and pension on the £1,400 weekly care bill. But the council dismissed his family's application and tried to find him a cut-price home against their wishes and the advice of his carers, it was said.  The grandfather was forced to move into his daughter Jane's flat while the RAF Benevolent Fund challenged Merton's decision on his behalf. Jane, 64, told yesterday how the family was plunged into a "nightmare of confusion and anxiety". After the Fund's advocates won their case through the local authority watchdog, John was moved to a suitable home until he passed away, aged 97, last November. The council was forced to apologise and give the family £45,000 in payments withheld during the six months to May 2020. Jane, of Teddington, south-west London, said her father moved into the home aged 93. They initially paid the bills from the proceeds of his house sale, savings and his pension. Under Government rules, currently being reformed, councils are obliged to help pay a resident's care bill if their assets are less than £23,250. Jane said: "We did think what will happen when the money eventually runs out.Then the time came when we were running low and we approached the council and nothing was done. "The only response we got was, 'We need to move your dad to a cheaper care home'. "My brothers and I were devastated. We didn't understand what on earth was going on and we felt frightened. "Dad was living with dementia and, of course, we were in the middle of a pandemic as well. "We were appalled. He was already confused about why we weren't able to visit when Covid-19 restrictions were imposed. We would not have been able to view the home they wanted to send him to. "Merton should be ashamed. It was a nightmare. And I just worry about other families. "If we had been without our advocate, Dad would have just been pushed off into another home and would probably have died from a broken heart. "It's appalling that people like Dad - who fought for his country, volunteered at his local hospital and charity shop until he was 90 - was forced to sell his home, cash in his life savings and rely on charity at the end of his life. "The elderly should be cherished and given the respect, security and care they deserve." John had joined the RAF aged 18 in 1942, serving in the Bomber Coastal Command. He flew Lancaster bombers and Sunderland Flying Boats in Sierra Leone, The Gambia, Khartoum, Kenya and Egypt. John married his wife Wendy in 1947, and they received a signed congratulations letter from Buckingham Palace on their golden wedding anniversary. They had three children during a 54-year marriage, which ended with her death in 2001. The Local Government and Social Care Ombudsman ruled that Merton failed to assess his needs, the risk of him moving, or agree a budget. It was ordered to refund what it should have paid and give the family £400 for their distress and time. A council spokesman said: "The council wishes to apologise again to the Lambert family for errors on its part and any undue stress caused as a result." 