Mr Macron came to power on a whirlwind promise of change but many complain they are yet to see it. His presidency has been buffeted by protests, the Covid pandemic and now rising prices.  Marine Le Pen, meanwhile, has learned from the mistakes she made when she was resoundingly beaten by the same opponent in the second round in 2017. This is her third tilt at the presidency and if she fails it could be her last. Mr Macron warned supporters at a final rally on Friday night: “Hours before the Brexit vote, millions of people asked themselves what was the point of voting… the next day they woke up with a hangover.” Ms Le Pen's campaign has been dogged by accusations of racism and ties to the Kremlin, which were exacerbated yesterday as fresh allegations emerged that her party was paying £10 million to a Russian military contractor under US sanctions as settlement of a loan.  Polls predicted a narrow lead for Mr Macron when campaigning ended on Friday, with the incumbent ahead of Le Pen by 56.6 percent to 43.5 percent. The April 10 first-round vote eliminated 10 other presidential candidates and the victor between Macron and Le Pen will be determined on Sunday. Polls open at 8:00 am (6:00 am GMT) with voting set to end some 12 hours later. Whatever the result, Mr Macron will address voters on Sunday evening from a stage at the foot of the Eiffel Tower.  READ MORE: Brexiteer dismantles Remoaner outside Commons in brilliant swipe The two rivals both appeared combative in the final days before Sunday's election, including clashing Wednesday in a one-on-one televised debate. Mr Macron argued that the loan Le Pen's party received in 2014 from a Czech-Russian bank made her unsuitable to deal with Moscow amid its invasion of Ukraine. He also said her plans to ban Muslim women in France from wearing headscarves in public would trigger “civil war” in the country that has the largest Muslim population in Western Europe. Mr Macron declared Friday on France Inter radio: “'When someone explains to you that Islam equals Islamism equals terrorism equals a problem, that is clearly called the far-right.”  DON'T MISS:Man locks smart meter in cupboardBoris should stay as PM and be punished for ‘right reasons'Ultra-rare 10-foot beast washes up on beach ALIVE 