Presenter Fiona Bruce and the Antiques Roadshow team headed to Forty Hall in Enfield, north London. A select group of visitors were invited along with their treasures to learn more about them and how much they were worth. Owners of one heirloom couldn't believe their damaged item was evaluated at such a high price. Expert John Benjamin joined the BBC show in 1991 and was greeted in the most recent episode with one of the rarest finds he had seen in his time on the show. John said: "Well, we are looking at a rather plain, rather severe-looking rectangle cigarette box." However, he discovered the little box had a lot to offer on closer inspection. He continued: "But it has a lot of hidden extra features." Read More: Coronation Street theory: Heartache for Eileen Grimshaw as she learns George's secret   The heirloom had been in the family for some time, with one of the owners stating: "It was owned by my nan Olga, she passed away 1993, and it was passed onto my mum and dad." The grandson explained how his parents were approached to buy the item, which piqued their interest in finding out more. After consulting a specialist near where they lived in Worthing, the specialist said that it was "possibly Russian'' but had no real "value". Despite being told it had no value, 24 hours later, the owners received a knock at their door from a dealer who turned up and said he "knew someone who collected things like that" and offered them £1,000. A "P56" stamp highlighted that the box was Russian 14-carat gold and a further mark showed it was, in fact, a Carl Fabergé. He added: "It's a Fabergé cigarette box, and that is why someone was so enthusiastic about it [when they knocked]." However, the good news stopped there, and John described: "One problem with his exquisite box, and I am going to show this to you because it really breaks my heart." DON’T MISS…BBC Breakfast: Fans are convinced they have 'figured out' Dan Walker replacement [LATEST]Dec Donnelly breaks down in tears over BGT star's heartbreaking performance[LATEST]Yellowstone's Rip and Carter dinner scene had glaring continuity error - did you spot it? [LATEST]   John pointed to one of the corners of the box and highlighted a "fracture to the rock crystal" in that corner. He ended with: "If it were in perfect condition, I think it is worth £8,000 to £10,000." Looking disappointed, the grandson let out a deflated "right." However, it was still worth a promising amount, and he concluded: "Let me be a little careful now and say £5,000 to £8,000 with damage that it has sustained." One of the very happy family members said: "I can't believe it."   John started to join the dots as he went into his detailed analysis of the item and linked the name Olga with Russia. He pointed out what the owners thought were clear glass panels were actually "solid natural rock crystal" and told them that "this is certainly not a modest piece." The more he explored the product, the more he could unearth information about its origins. The next "exciting thing about it" was the monogram "G" that was "surrounded by a wreat" that appeared on the panel. Jewellery specialist John noted a leaf panel around the outside of the box, and the red dot was a "natural ruby" and finished in the style that solidified its Russian craftsmanship. Antiques Roadshow airs on Sunday at 7pm on BBC One. 