A Mariupol citizen and photographer explained the current situation in the city. The photographer explained that Russian separatists were trying to pin the blame on Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky. The Mariupol citizen discussed that the city had a large population of Russians and despite the city being destroyed by heavy Russian artillery they were refusing to accept blame. The photographer also explained how the Russians still living in Mariupol would not blame Putin for giving orders to destroy their homes.  The Sky News host said: "What is the world's media not picking up, that you're seeing?" Mariupol citizen told Sky News: "The one crazy thing that people forget is that Mariupol was the pro-Russian city overwhelmingly. "And they've had their city destroyed by Russian artillery and yet they still blame Zelensky. "They think that it's trying to pretend that... They blame Zelensky and they curse Azov. JUST IN: 'Going to wreck people's lives' Livid commuter hits out at rail union chief over strike The Mariupol citizen added: "They don't blame Putin for this war. "And that's something that's very difficult to understand, but yeah they said... Zelensky trying to be a hero. "And this war is inevitable, and that's something that doesn't make sense for me or for us, maybe. But yeah that doesn't blame Russia for this war, and that may be confusing." READ MORE: Macron delivered hammer blow as poll finds Le Pen 'more in tune with daily issues' Ukraine’s foreign ministry explained the current situation on the ground in Mariupol via a statement: “Hundreds of civilians, children, injured Ukrainian defenders are trapped in plant shelters. They have almost no food, water, or essential medicine. "The challenge for them is a force that was supposed to have been modernised over the past 10 years is proving itself not able to operate in the way in which they had exercised, planned and assumed that they could. "I think we're now back into this strategy of attrition and the learning of this will probably take some considerable time for them to adapt and change." 