Harry and Meghan were allowed to keep their Duke and Duchess titles as part of the agreement struck with the Queen, when they quit their roles as working Royals in 2020. The couple have since relocated to the USA where they have criticised the Royal Family in a number of interviews with US TV hosts, such as Oprah Winfrey. The Duke and Duchess have also signed lucrative deals with Netflix and Spotify, as they seek to build an independent life away from the House of Windsor. In a recent interview on GB News, novelist Celia Walden attacked the couple for working with Netflix, despite the streaming giant continuing to commission programmes that attack the reputation of the Royal Family. She accused the Duke and Duchess of Sussex of ignoring morality and ethics for money. Referencing the GB News interview, Nile Gardiner, a former adviser to Mrs Thatcher, could not resist taking a swipe at the Duchess. He wrote on Twitter: "Simply incredible that Meghan Markle still retains a Royal title after all she has done to insult and attack the British Monarchy." Mr Gardiner's comments went down well with many of his social media followers, who were quick to add their views on the matter. Goose101 said: "Agree! The monarchy is showing their weakness. "MM has done nothing to deserve that title and she is using it to make money in the USA. "Making a joke of the Monarchy." While Natalie Bridge commented: "Completely agree with you. She needs them taken from her and him for that matter. "They wanted freedom and independence. Give it to them. "Take their titles and let's see how far it gets them as that is all they have going for them." READ MORE: Archie Harrison's surname caused heated royal row DieKatze wrote: "It's incredible that she as an American is using it in the US where constitutionally not allowed, and nobody is stopping her. " However, the Duchess did have her supporters, who were prepared to stand up for her amongst all the criticism. One wrote: "What is it about her that rattles you guys? "Is it because she’s not only very beautiful but she has her own mind and dares to speak it and that she married the prince that’s got the personality. "It seems that unless you are as dull as dry toast you are unwelcome." DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Megan Markle told to 'move on with your life' [REVEAL]Meghan Markle branded ‘figure of fun’ after taking on Queen [SPOTLIGHT]David and Victoria Beckham replicate Harry and Meghan's wedding look [NEWS] The Duchess of Sussex has been keeping a relatively low profile since giving birth to Lilibet. But in news that will delight her fans, Meghan is set to make a rare public appearance alongside Harry in the coming days. A spokesperson told HELLO! Magazine the Duchess would make an appearance at Prince Harry's Invictus Games. The Games are making a return this coming weekend in The Netherlands, after being delayed by the Coronavirus pandemic. They will run from Saturday April 16 until Friday April 22nd. It was at the Invictus Games in Toronto,Canada in 2017 that the couple went public with their romance.