Cristiano Ronaldo is delaying a decision on his Manchester United future in anticipation of Erik ten Hag's summer arrival. The short-term future at Old Trafford is essentially a mystery, with a new manager set to take the reins and several current first-team stars expected to depart. Ronaldo has been widely touted to leave United a year earlier than his contract expiry if they fail to qualify for next season's Champions League. But recent reports suggest he is remaining patient and weighing up his options as he maintains his full focus on the task at hand. According to Fabrizio Romano, Ronaldo isn't yet planning his future and wants to help guide United to a top-four spot in the Premier League. The 37-year-old is waiting to learn about Ten Hag's project in M16 before deciding whether he wants to stay and feature at the start of a new era. But United's Champions League status will undoubtedly play a significant role in his final decision, especially if he has suitors elsewhere. And Romano claims the Red Devils will sign a young striker at the end of the season, regardless of whether or not Ronaldo sticks around for another year. JUST IN: Man Utd told the only way they can beat Liverpool at Anfield With Edinson Cavani set to depart on a free transfer this summer, Ten Hag will likely recruit a long-term striker to spearhead his side. United have been linked with RB Leipzig's Christopher Nkunku and Benfica's Darwin Nunez amid stellar campaigns at their respective clubs. Ronaldo would be a valuable option for the incoming Ajax boss, though, despite widespread doubt that he'd struggle to suit his play style. The Portuguese icon has scored 21 goals in 34 appearances this season; United's next highest tally is Bruno Fernandes' nine. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has four undroppables for Arsenal clash However, he could very well be part of an exodus of talent at Old Trafford this summer, with a handful of experienced players set to leave as free agents. Nemanja Matic has already confirmed his upcoming exit, joining Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard and Cavani out the door. Dean Henderson, Eric Bailly and Phil Jones are also expected to be allowed to leave, whilst Mason Greenwood's future is up in the air as his suspension continues. There's an overwhelming feeling of a major rebuild on the horizon at United, but it's still unclear whether Ronaldo will be a part of that. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.