Arsenal legend Patrick Vieira has been tipped to one day take over at the Gunners. Vieira masterminded a dominant 3-0 win for Crystal Palace over his former club on Monday night, securing his side's place in the top half of the Premier League. There were doubts over how well the Frenchman would be able to transition Palace away from Roy Hodgson's more direct and defensive style, into a passing and progressive way of playing. But it is a transition he has handled deftly, with Palace one of the surprise packages of this season. His work at Selhurst Park has also led many to tip him as a potential future boss of the Gunners. Vieira spent nine years as a player at Arsenal, captaining them to three Premier League titles in that time. One of his former team-mates under Arsene Wenger has now highlighted how Vieira has turned Palace around. Emmanuel Petit spent three years playing alongside Vieira and has been impressed with his countryman's work since replacing Hodgson. READ MORE: Owen backs Darwin Nunez transfer as Arsenal and Man Utd keep tabs “The way Patrick has transformed the style of Crystal Palace is amazing. They have confidence, they play the ball on the ground all the time. It’s no longer defending and then seeing if they can attack, they’re not scared of playing," he told Genting Casino. "Look what they’ve done against Manchester City and all the big guns that have come to Selhurst Park, they’ve struggled. Palace are showing a very good attitude on the pitch. When they get the ball they play good football as well." DON'T MISS: Arsenal told to sign 'perfect fit' Abraham as striker teases PL return (INSIGHT)Piers Morgan involved in Spanish exchange with ex-Arsenal ace Ceballos (NEWS)Arsenal provide Takehiro Tomiyasu and Thomas Partey injury updates (INJURIES) If he were to take over at the Emirates, he would likely have to replace Mikel Arteta, something Petit does not see happening for some time. He added: "When I look at Arteta, the job he’s doing with Arsenal is great. When I look at Patrick’s work at Crystal Palace it’s great as well. "I sent him a message saying ‘congratulations to your team and the win because you deserve all the praise you receive’. Patrick is a young manager who has proved so many things already. In the future, I think Patrick will have an eye on [managing] Arsenal, but for the moment, it’s too soon.”