Celia joined Dan Wootton on his GB News show this week and took aim at the Duchess of Sussex claiming the only words she should trademark are “arrogant” and “entitled”. Celia added she was surprised to learn Americans are not as protective of Meghan Markle as she thought they would be. Earlier this week it was revealed Meghan made an application to trademark “archetypes” which is the name of her upcoming Spotify podcast. The application was made by Archewell Audio, a business founded by the Duchess and her husband Prince Harry. The move has been mocked by many including Piers Morgan’s wife Celia as she agreed it was a “preposterous thing to do”. She told Dan: “This has just been unanimously agreed that it’s a preposterous thing to do. READ MORE: Adil Ray and Thornberry clash as he exposes Labour hypocrisy  "In fact, the only thing she should be trademarking is a few words, 'arrogant,' 'entitled' and 'preposterous' because all of those things are uniquely her. “This is just so archetypal of her narcissism, the idea that you can own a word." Celia went on to note she believes the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are now “figures of fun” to be mocked at by peers, most recently at the BAFTAs by host Rebel Wilson. “I thought maybe people would be protective of her out here, but not at all,” she said, speaking from her home in LA. “She’s just a figure of fun and the crucial misstep she made is forgetting that the whole of the US love the Queen. “So, anyone who is deemed to have affronted the Queen, or behaved badly in that regard, is just not going to go down well.” Referencing Rebel’s joke about the couple’s interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021, she continued: “How fascinating it was that Rebel made that joke. “These are their people, so normally one would expect a sharp intake of breath, maybe even booing, but there was unanimous laughter because they are now officially figures of fun. DON'T MISS...Sussex backlash to Invictus trip despite UK security row [LATEST]Meghan 'had to shrink' for Royal Family like 'Alice in Wonderland' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry picks up habit from Meghan as Duke cuts ties from UK [UPDATE] “I think that will be most upsetting to her because this is the last thing they wanted." It’s not just Celia who has taken aim at Meghan and Harry with host Jeremy Vine joking their son Archie will soon be telling them to stop “embarrassing” him. Speaking on his Channel 5 show on Thursday, he joked: “Meghan Markle is going to trademark the word archetype. “So it's the name she's given to her new Spotify podcast, and it's claimed an application has been launched in the US for exclusive use of the word. “Meghan and Harry signed a Spotify deal in 2020, thought to be worth £20 million - £20 million! "This is what you see in the dictionary, they're just going to put as 'S' on it and they're basically going to say 'that's our word now' right? “I'm seeing a pattern because you know their foundation was called Archewell, then they've gone for Archetype.” The host added: “Archie's going to be of an age soon where he's going to tell his mum and dad to stop embarrassing him!" Dan Wootton Tonight airs Monday-Thursday on GB News from 9pm