Lewis Hamilton will be "very angry" at starting another race behind George Russell, according to Nico Rosberg. The F1 2022 season has not gone to plan for Mercedes so far with the W13 nowhere near close to challenging Red Bull and Ferrari. Hamilton benefitted from Red Bull's reliability issues in Bahrain to finish on the podium, but he's struggled since then. Russell finished just behind Hamilton in Bahrain, but has beaten his team-mate on both occasions since then in Saudi Arabia and Australia. And it was the same outcome in qualifying on Friday at Imola with Russell in 11th and Hamilton only managing 13th. The seven-time world champion's frustrations were clear on Friday when he was spotted having a heated exchange with Toto Wolff in the team garage. Rosberg knows better than most how Hamilton deals with pressure having been the only man at Mercedes to beat the Brit in a full season. And the 2016 F1 champion knows Hamilton will be "very angry" at the current situation with Russell starting ahead of him for Sunday's race. JUST IN: F1 LIVE: Imola GP updates as Max Verstappen starts on pole  "Let's not forget, Lewis hates ending up behind his team-mate," he said on Sky Sports. "Even if you're 11th and 13th. He really, really, passionately hates coming in behind his team-mate. It makes him very angry and that also happened in qualifying and the race this weekend so far. "That's also going to put the tensions up a lot in the engineering room where Lewis is going to be pushing harder and harder so it's going to be interesting to see how that unfolds." Hamilton still has little over 18 months on his current contract with Mercedes, but their current woes this year has led to some questions whether he will call it quits at the end of the season. However, the British racing superstar has made it clear that he still has complete faith in the team to turn things around. DON'T MISS  "We have had amazing times together, highs and lows together, and I am 100 per cent committed to this team and there is nowhere else I want to be," Hamilton said. "Just because we have hit a rough patch, it is not in my DNA to pack up. "We are still world champions and we can fix this. It is just going to take longer. It will be a painful year that we have to ride out together. "Hopefully, we can rectify it at some point in the year, or worst-case scenario, by next year."