Erik ten Hag has pushed Manchester United into exploring a deal for Paulo Dybala, according to reports. The Dutchman will take over from Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. And he’s eager to strengthen the Red Devils when the transfer window reopens this summer, with a big rebuilding job on the club’s hands. Manchester United are set to embark on a summer spending spree when Ten Hag takes charge, with the current Ajax boss eager to build a team in his own image. And, now, Corriere dello Sport say the 52-year-old has ‘pushed’ the Red Devils into exploring a deal for Dybala. The Juventus star has been a consistent performer for the Serie A giants ever since his arrival from Palermo in 2015. But his time with the Old Lady is drawing to a close. Dybala’s contract in Turin is due to expire at the end of the season, where he’ll become a free agent. Inter Milan are frontrunners in the race to secure the signature of the Argentina international, with the reigning Serie A champions eager to strengthen. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But with Ten Hag pushing United into eyeing a deal for Dybala, it’s possible he’ll move to the Premier League instead. United’s interest is now ‘serious’ as they plan for a brighter future with their new manager at the helm. But Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester City are also supposedly interested as the striker’s time at Juventus winds down. Dybala isn’t the only player being linked with a move to United. In goal, the Red Devils may move for West Brom’s Sam Johnstone amid an expectancy Dean Henderson will leave. Veterans Lee Grant and Tom Heaton could also depart, which would mean United needing to make a new signing in that position. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag In defence, United want a centre-back. And Pau Torres and Jurrien Timber, of Villarreal and Ajax respectively, have been tipped to join the club. United are hoping to add bodies to their midfield, too, with Nemanja Matic leaving and Paul Pogba likely to follow. So that’s led to links to Kalvin Phillips and Frenkie de Jong, especially with West Ham’s Declan Rice likely to be too pricey. Up top, United need a new marksman amid uncertainty over the futures of Cristiano Ronaldo, Edinson Cavani, Anthony Martial and Mason Greenwood. Antony and Darwin Nunez are being eyed, though Ajax and Benfica will want big money to part with their prized forwards. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Meanwhile, as Ten Hag prepares for his new job at Old Trafford, Rio Ferdinand has called on the Dutchman to improve the culture at the club. "I talk about the culture all the time, and that's number one on my list,” he said. "The culture has to be right, because you need to see, first and foremost, a work ethic. "You need to see a culture of people not wanting to get beat. You need to see a culture of it (losing) hurting people. “You need to see a culture of discipline in the group, nothing getting out. “Stuff that we've got in the papers, the manager (Sir Alex Ferguson) would pull the squad in immediately, and I don't think this happens now." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here When asked how Sir Alex Ferguson would react to the current crisis at United, he added: "The manager would get that squad in, tight group, get in a circle. ‘What’s going on here? If I find out who is leaking stories to the media.' "You're standing there thinking: 'I hope and I'm going to find out that no one in my team has spoken to anyone in the media, because I haven't.' “At the moment, there's a mole in the camp. There's leaks coming out far too often that suggests this squad ain't like that (puts hands together). This squad ain't there (tight-knit). "Setting the culture is just an absolute gimme. It's an absolute must. "You can’t have a culture at the club, which is right now, of players aren't in fear of bad performances. The culture at the football club isn’t that of fear of disappointing the hierarchy, the manager, and stuff like that. "It's like: 'I don’t play well, it's not my fault, it's his.' There's no repercussions. At the moment, at the football club, there aren't consequences for actions on and off the pitch."