Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex wrapped up their week-long tour of the Caribbean on Thursday (April 28). As part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, the royal couple visited the Commonwealth realms — Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent & the Grenadines and Antigua & Barbuda. However, much like the earlier tour of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, their trip was greeted with protests and demands for reparations from the monarchy. Even before Sophie and Edward embarked on their Royal Tour, the Palace announced that it would be cancelling a stop to Grenada. In a statement at the time, Buckingham Palace said: "In consultation with the Government of Grenada and on the advice of the Governor General, The Earl and Countess of Wessex's visit to Grenada has been postponed. "The Earl and Countess hope to visit at a later date." On Friday (April 22), Sophie and Edward touched down in Saint Lucia, their first stop on the tour. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward: The best pictures of their royal tour so far They were given a warm welcome after landing at Hewanorra International Airport on the Eastern Caribbean island. The couple walked down a red carpet before going to meet the country’s Prime Minister, Philip Pierre, at his official residence. There, they exchanged gifts — the Earl and Countess presented Mr Pierre with a photograph of themselves and a Jubilee box as a “token of appreciation”, while the Prime Minister gave the pair a painting of one of the island’s turtles. Sophie and Edward have since come under fire for their gift to the Prime Minister. Russell Myers, the Daily Mirror’s royal editor, told the latest episode of Pod Save The Queen the couple should “read the room”. While admitting that the photograph follows a royal tradition, Mr Myers referenced the issues surrounding the Caribbean and the republican sentiment, saying: “This is tradition — I’d seen references during the week that Meghan [Markle] and [Prince] Harry had done the same. “However, read the room guys!” Mr Myers went on to talk about the Wessexes’ meeting with the Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda, Gaston Browne, who told them about his plans for his country to "one day become a republic." DON'T MISS:Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL]Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT]Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] Mr Myers said: “There is talk of the Wessexes using their diplomatic influence to achieve reparatory justice for the island country. “These are issues that are very contentious and that they should have been alive to.” The Prime Minister claimed to understand that the Royal Family did not get involved in “contentious issues”, but said he wanted the couple to “understand these issues... so you can use your diplomatic influence in achieving the reparatory justice that we seek”. He said: “We’re not trying to embarrass you, we’re just trying to build awareness. “You may not necessarily comment on this issue as you represent an institution that doesn’t comment on contentious issues. “Our civilisation should understand the atrocities that took place during colonialism and slavery, and the fact that we have to bring balance by having open discussions.” Highlighting his desire for Antigua and Barbuda to become a republic, he said: “As you know, we have the long, historical tradition as a colony of the UK, and we continue to have the Queen as our head of state — even though I should say, here, we aspire at some point to become a republic, but that is not currently on the cards, so the Queen will remain the head of state for some time to follow.” In response to Mr Browne, Edward laughed nervously and said he was "not keeping notes" as Browne spoke, so he wouldn't be able to reply to each point. Referencing the backlash following the Cambridges’ tour, the royal editor said that Sophie and Edward should have gone into their Caribbean trip with their eyes “wide open”. My Myers said: “It does seem odd that they [Edward and Sophie] are just not alive to the fact of what is happening in the world right now. “And if that is the attitude that they are taking, then I think the Royal Family are in a bit of trouble to be honest. He added: “Is the next time that the Royal Family goes to these places going to be the last?”