Scotland will cast their ballots as part of the latest round of local elections in the country on May 5. First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon will be confident of a successful turnout for her Scottish National Party (SNP), while the Conservative Party will be anxious to see how recent events south of the border might have affected their electoral support. A survey, conducted by Survation for the independent election analyst Ballot Box Scotland, is anticipating continued dominance for the SNP. Their polling, for which data was collected between March 25 and 31, suggests the SNP will receive 44 percent of all first preference votes in the council elections. But this would represent four percent fewer ballots than what they received in last year’s Scottish Parliamentary election.  READ MORE: PMQs: 'They spent £27k on EU flags!' Boris savages Labour for ... Labour Party, meanwhile, is predicted to secure 22 percent of the first-round votes, overtaking the Scottish Tories who score 21 percent in the poll. During the previous Scottish local elections, the SNP won 32 percent of the vote, with Labour receiving 20 percent and the Conservatives on 25 percent. Since the beginning of devolution, only one party has registered above 33 percent of the total vote share at council elections - Donald Dewar’s Scottish Labour Party in 1999. In both 2012 and 2017 the SNP’s results were 32.3 percent. But an outcome anywhere near 44 percent would represent one of the most dominant performances in recent memory.  While next week's vote is only for local councils, Ms Sturgeon will be looking to maintain the SNP seat at the top of Scottish politics. And if her party manages to match the predictions, the SNP leader will look to pursue plans for a second independence vote from the UK. The party released its campaign manifesto last week which among other policies committed SNP councillors to keeping people’s tax bills “as low as possible” during the ongoing cost of the living crisis. Also mentioned once more was a promise to scrap council tax in Scotland for anyone under the age of 22.  DON'T MISS: Boris plan to end the Brexit protocol row with EU [INSIGHT]EasyJet emergency: Flight from Amsterdam squawks '7700' [NEWS]Dr Shola video of youth arrests sparks huge support for police officer [WATCH] At present it’s estimated there are roughly 245,000 people in Scotland aged between 18 and 21. However, the change would be largely irrelevant as most of these individuals already don’t pay council tax as they live with family or are themselves students. Ms Sturgeon said: “I still don’t think the council tax is a fair or progressive form of taxation. “But what we have found is it’s very easy to say that - it’s not as easy to build a consensus on what replaces the council tax.” 