It has been reported that the number of civilian casualties has already reached 2,685, including over 900 deaths - and there are over 1.4 million refugees who have fled Ukraine since February. The scale of the violence against civilians - including reports of summary executions in Bucha and elsewhere, sexual violence and wanton destruction of civilian property, cultural objects and infrastructure, all constituting war crimes - clearly shows that these are not random acts. They are weapons being used strategically by the Russian military. The lessons learned from the impact of nuclear weapons used for the first time by the United States in the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 instigated the worldwide movement of “never again”. On January 22 last year, the first legally binding international agreement prohibiting nuclear weapons, the so-called UN Nuclear Weapon Ban Treaty, came into force. The treaty prohibits, amongst other things, the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons, and its Preamble warns of the "catastrophic consequences" of the use of nuclear weapons. There are currently 60 parties to the Treaty. The list does not include Russia, but neither does it include the UK. There is a growing international consensus against the use of nuclear weapons in all circumstances but, under international law, unlike the use of chemical or biological weapons, the use of nuclear weapons is not comprehensively prohibited. There are nine countries known to have nuclear weapons, and in Europe that includes the UK, France and Russia (which is said to have the most nuclear weapons of any country). Whether the repeated threats made by Vladimir Putin of using nuclear weapons in Ukraine but also potentially against its allies are likely to be followed through is anyone’s guess. Russia certainly has the capacity to do it, but the consequences would be such, including for Russia, that one can only hope it is unlikely and it is merely a threat to deter other states from supporting Ukraine. From a strategic point of view, it would not give Russia much advantage either, especially as it seems the main focus has been now on capturing and gaining control over the eastern parts of Ukraine. It is hard to see how using nuclear weapons, even so-called ‘tactical nuclear weapons’ would help achieve that aim. Their deployment would also most likely meet with a global response not known before in human history. However, any scenario at this stage is possible and thus it is of utmost importance that all political, diplomatic, economic and legal avenues are fully utilised to find a solution to this situation, not only for the sake of Ukrainians but to avoid disastrous consequences for the entire world.  Prof. Natalia Szablewska, is Professor in Law and Society at The Open University. She specialises in international law and conflict. 