The 18-year-old, who would only be identified as Charlie, had been shopping for an occasion outfit with a friend when the alleged incident, which is now under investigation, happened on Monday. It's said Charlie, a sixth-form college student, was asked to leave the changing room and told "males aren't allowed to try our clothes on". It's left the teenager feeling hurt, unwelcome and embarrassed. Speaking to Birmingham Live, Charlie said: "We picked up some dresses and went into the changing rooms' individual cubicles. There's only one area, it's not labelled. "We each went into a cubicle and then as I was putting it on, this voice, which turned out to be a staff member from outside, said: 'Excuse me, males aren't allowed to try our clothes on'. "I was set aback by that, but not wanting to grossly embarrass myself or draw attention, I complied. She said: 'Can you wait outside for your friend'. I waited on a bench outside the cubicle." But Charlie said, five minutes later, the same member of staff told them to move out of the changing room altogether in the store in Birmingham's Grand Central shopping centre. Charlie's friend, who doesn't identify as female but presents "in a more feminine way", was allowed to try on the dresses without any issues, they said. Charlie said they were previously made to feel welcome when trying on skirts at stores like Primark and H&M. The sixth former, who realised his "mind and body didn't align" in primary school, is currently raising £1,200 funds for gender affirmation hormone therapy via GoFundMe. Charlie said: "It would be daft to assume it doesn't take a person any amount of courage to walk into a shop like that and try on a dress if they are typically male-aligning. "So to be told A) no and B) you're not welcome here, that's a lot of built-up courage that is immediately knocked down. Also, it's very embarrassing. I felt humiliated and like I wasn't welcome or wanted. "It feels very hurtful and wrong. They need to be open about whether it was that member of staff or if it is company policy. "If it is store policy, I think questions should be raised around whether that policy is compliant in the 21st century."   Charlie's college prom will be held in Edgbaston, Birmingham, in the summer. It was Charlie's first outing to buy clothing for the occasion. Since complaining, the student has been offered the "perfect prom dress" free of charge from Monsoon. A spokesperson for the company, which has more than 180 stores in the UK, said: "Hi Charlie, we’re sorry to hear of the experience you had in one of our stores. Our fitting rooms are open and available to all our customers and we have opened an investigation into this incident. "We’d like to explore this further with you so please could you email customerservices@monsoon.co.uk so we can find out more of your experience? If you would be comfortable to do so, we would like to welcome you back into our store where we would be happy to help you find your perfect prom dress, and it’s on us. "Everyone deserves to feel magical for prom so we hope this get your prom journey on the right foot again and hope you find something you love. We look forward to hearing from you soon. Many thanks Monsoon." 