F1 bosses could be set to axe the Monaco Grand Prix in favour of the new Las Vegas race announced yesterday. Stefano Domenicali says Las Vegas will be known as the “flagship race” in F1 within years, a title previously reserved for the classic Monaco race. He said: “Nobody puts on a party like Las Vegas and I predict that this will be the iconic race, the flagship race, of F1 within a couple of years. It's emotion, it's passion, it's a business, it's relationships, it's culture and it's intensity. And this is the reason why this is the perfect place to be." Meanwhile, clouds have hung over the circuit's future for a while as its deal is different to other tracks. For years Monaco paid less to host an F1 race than other promoters due to the spectacle it brought to the sport. The Race claims F1 was “known to want more money” from Monaco with the principality having lost its special deal. Meanwhile, early predictions suggest F1 could earn up to £1billion from the new Las Vegas race over 10 years. Furthermore, Monaco is one of several circuits that are yet to strike a deal to remain past 2022. READ MORE: Disastrous original Las Vegas race was the ‘worst circuit ever’ Bernie Ecclestone signed a ten-year extension with Monaco a decade ago but a deal past 2022 has not been met. Other circuits which could possibly drop off the calendar include the French Grand Prix at Paul Ricard and the famous Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps. Domenicali has previously warned F1 may not offer deals to many existing venues which have deals expiring. He also warned it was “not enough” for races to “have a pedigree” in an era of increasing demand for races. He said: “There are some promoters who have expiring agreements, and probably some of the current grands prix will no longer be part of the calendar. Others will remain but in a different form, such as rotating between different tracks. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen makes F1 break request for Las Vegas Grand Prix  [INSIGHT]F1 fans split by Las Vegas GP track as Lewis Hamilton to race on strip [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton reacts to F1's new Las Vegas race [ANALYSIS] “Soon the choices we are making will be announced, and you can expect some new grands prix. However, it is still not easy to plan everything in advance. We know we have to balance the arrival of new races with historic grands prix, and tracks that must continue to be part of our calendar. “The arrival of offers from new promoters has an advantage for the F1 platform, and that is to force the organisers of traditional grands prix to raise their level of quality, in terms of what they offer the public, and infrastructure and management of the event. It's not enough to have a pedigree anymore. You also have to demonstrate that you are keeping up."