Tulips are a sight to behold when they reach full bloom in spring, but these popular flowers will quickly wilt away before summer arrives. Cutting back perennial bulbs is essential to secure flowers the following year, but when exactly should you be paying attention to the tulips in your garden? Express.co.uk reveals the best time to cut them back, and exactly how to do it. Unlike most plants, tulips do not need pruning or training. Instead, these stunning blooms should be cut back after they finish flowering in order to preserve the plant’s energy to rebloom the following year. For most varieties grown in the UK, tulips reach their peak display in late April and May - but exactly when should you start cutting them back? READ MORE: Sienna is christened in Chapel Royal at St James's Palace - see inside While it can be tempting to cut back all of the old growth as soon as the plant comes to the end of its flowering season, it is best to hold off for a while before reaching for the secateurs. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) advises waiting for at least six weeks after the end of flowering before cutting back bulb plants. Summer is usually a good time to start trimming your tulip display, though the exact month will depend on the variety you are growing. According to Gardeners’ World, most tulips can be cut back in June and July - with earlier varieties often ready to be cut back at the very beginning of the warm season. Patience is crucial when it comes to trimming garden tulips, so try to avoid any temptation to rush the process before the plant is ready to be cut back. You should wait until the dead foliage turns yellow and appears to have a straw-like consistency before removing any part of the plant. Until the foliage has this appearance, you should continue to water the bulbs and feed them as normal. While this may leave your spring bulb display looking a little underwhelming for a few weeks, it is absolutely essential if you want to secure a healthy flush of flowers for years to come. DON'T MISS:What to do with tulips after they have bloomed [INSIGHT]'Do it now!': Plant summer flowering bulbs now and avoid rot [REVEAL]How long is tulip season? How to make your tulips last longer [ANALYSIS] A clean, sharp pair of secateurs is the only tool you need to cut back tulips, so make sure yours are washed and dried before making any a start. The flowerhead should always be removed first, just pinch the wilted bud with your fingers and make a small cut around one inch below the base. This will ensure that the plant is unable to produce any seeds, keeping the flower focused on keeping the root system healthy before it is ready to rebloom.  Once the flower heads have been removed, cut the stems at the base to remove the tall-upright part of the display. The large, yellow leaves can be cut back from the ground to tidy up your display. This is a gradual process as some leaves will die back a little later.