Phillip Schofield has revealed that he is surprisingly close friends with Beauty and the Beast actor Luke Evans. Phil’s fans were stunned to see he even holidayed with Welsh star Luke, as well as interior designer Kelly Hoppen and her husband. The This Morning host has been sharing glorious snaps of his idyllic skiing jaunt in the French Alps on instagram. In them were some familiar faces, including Luke, who played Gaston opposite Emma Watson’s Belle, and Kelly, an interiors guru. Phil captioned one shot: “Ski gang 2022,” as he beamed in a photo with his large friendship group in the scenic setting. Another photo showed Kelly with her arm around Phil as he lauded her “the best host”. He’s been getting along famously with her husband John, too, calling him a “generous host and brilliant ski instructor”. Phil is celebrating his 60th birthday, while Luke also turned 43 this week. To mark the special occasion, Luke’s friends arranged for him to be brought a birthday cake adorned with candles. Sharing a photo of himself with Kelly, he penned: “What a very special few days I’ve had. With some truly brilliant human beings. Thank you for making my 43rd birthday go off with a bang! “Especially @kellbell_red and Big John for being the most epic of hosts, and for @justinhornechef making me a tasty AF birthday cake! It’s been wonderful. “I blew out the candles Delta Force style… apparently!!“ he added. As the trip came to an end, another photo saw five of them sitting in the back of a vehicle. Phil wrote the caption: “We don’t want to go!!! @kellyhoppen @bendelisi @thereallukeevans”. DON'T MISS: 'Heartbroken' Helen Mirren breaks silence after Rio Hackford's deathAmanda Holden, 51, teases fans as she flaunts legs in daring skirtCarol Kirkwood sets record straight on BBC Breakfast future The presenter made headlines earlier this week when he blasted Prince Harry's cryptic comments about wanting to "protect the Queen" as a deliberately ominous remark as he claimed the Duke of Sussex "knows how it works". During an interview at the Invictus Games, Prince Harry said he had enjoyed seeing the Queen recently but wants to make sure she is "protected" and surrounded by "the right people". Debating the meaning of his statement on This Morning, Phillip argued Harry knows he "can't make a throw-away line" of that nature. “Even though he thinks he has backed away from that lifestyle and said how much it affected his mental health, he still knows how it works," Phillip commented. "He still knows that you can't, as him, have a throw-away line like that! "It will be analysed, it will be looked at and we don't know what the conversation was. "They may have been roaring their heads off laughing having a wonderful time saying, ‘Lovely to see you, sorry we can't stay longer, good to see you granny', “But a line like that is something that will be analysed."