   Zoe Ball, 51, took to Twitter this afternoon to apologise to listeners, as she explained the real reason she was absent from BBC Radio 2 today. There was a shake-up to the format this morning, after Zoe arrived 25 minutes late, only for her stand-in host Richie Anderson to announce she had gone home feeling unwell less than an hour later.    Tweeting out to her 395,400 followers, Zoe wrote: “Apologies for this morning gang, tyre went on the way in to work. “I was so keen not miss the show, dashed in and hadn't quite realised the effect it'd had on me. “I'm ok. Thanks for the lovely messages. Big thanks to Richie and Ken for stepping in. “Will be back tomorrow xx,” she assured fans.       Richie had previously attributed Zoe’s late star to a “flat tyre”, but fans were confused when she later dropped off the airwaves again due to her “not feeling well”. Zoe’s explanation cleared up any speculation, however, as her followers began sending her support in the comments section. Martin Cox wrote: “Thank you for updating us. I was seriously worried about you. “Hope you have time to fully wind down from the earlier stress. Take care.”      Throwing out a compliment to travel reporter Richie, Robert Perkins commented: “Hope your ok Zoe missed you this morning although Richie did a fab job xxxx.” (sic) Julie penned: “Take it easy this afternoon & get yourself in the right headspace for tomorrow. Must have shocked you big time. “Poor thing. The boys did well in your absence. Just worried for your well-being. Glad you messaged to say you’re ok now.” Lou added: “God love you! On top of Covid that was all you needed! Glad you're OK. READ MORE... Jane Seymour addresses posing for Playboy aged 67 [INSIGHT] Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [NEWS] Cat Deeley moved to UK after husband and son caught in mall shooting [NEWS]       “Richie did a fantastic job standing in with Uncle Ken's help. As long as you are OK that's all that matters Xx.” Pippa Tuke joked: “Glad you’re OK. Thought I’d woken up in an alternative universe, with Ritchie as the DJ and you were going to be the traffic guru!” Zoe usually presents BBC Radio 2 every weekday morning, but today there was a last-minute change of plans. At 6.30am, travel reporter Richie told listeners: “Sorry if I’ve given you the shock of your life. “Quite obviously, I am not Zoe Ball. It is me, Richie Anderson, hello, and I have some news to share.       “They’ve finally given me the Radio 2 Breakfast Show. Hurrah! It’s what we’ve always wanted. This is for us!” He then added: “No, I’m joking - Zoe Ball has a flat tyre, but she’s on her way.” Zoe arrived to take over at 6.54am and addressed fans 10 minutes later, saying: “Morning gang, sorry for being late. Bit of a drama on a Monday morning, nothing like that to start you off on your week. Richie, what a star.” However, it seemed Richie wasn’t finished filling in for Zoe, as he was back on the microphone at 7.47am, without providing an explanation for where Zoe had suddenly gone. It wasn’t until 8.05am that the presenter said: “It’s me, Richie Anderson and I’m in because Zoe’s not feeling too well unfortunately, so she’s had to go home.” The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show airs weekdays from 6.30am on BBC Radio 2.   