Cristiano Ronaldo has been warned he is ‘not really’ a player who fits Erik ten Hag’s teams as Manchester United close in on appointing the Dutchman. Former Ajax star Kiki Musampa does not think the legendary forward is enough of a ‘team player’ to succeed if Ten Hag becomes the new Red Devils boss.    United are expected to end a six-month search for a permanent boss by handing the job to Ajax head coach Ten Hag. The 52-year-old has interest from other clubs, though, with RB Leipzig widely reported to be keeping tabs on discussions with United. Should he take the job, one of Ten Hag’s first tasks would be to build a squad in his image. United’s dressing room has several strong personalities, with interim head coach Ralf Rangnick publicly clashing with a couple during his short stay. And former Ajax winger Musampa believes 37-year-old United icon Ronaldo could be left out of the team under Ten Hag. He compared the situation to when former United boss Louis van Gaal managed Barcelona and felt that star forward Ronaldinho would not suit his style. READ MORE: Man Utd's Ronaldo branded 'rude' by mum of boy who had phone smashed  "Ronaldo is not really a (Erik) Ten Hag-type player. Why? Because the philosophy of Ten Hag is all about the team and everybody got his piece of work to do within the team,” Musampa, who won two Eredivisie titles, told Stadium Astro. "Your thought needs to be connected with the team, the way I see Ronaldo connected with the team in the last part of the pitch, he a lot of the time goes for his success and miss the awareness of runners and of teammates. “That's something that can be crucial in the team from Ten Hag because for him, the way he plays he really demands from all the players to always think of the team first, just like a (Louis) Van Gaal type of coach. DON'T MISS...Arsenal star Bukayo Saka names Sergio Busquets as toughest opponentWest Ham boss David Moyes comes clean on 'undignified' Man Utd sackingMan Utd fans put up brutal sign at Carrington after Everton defeat "I remember Van Gaal saying this when he went to Barcelona when they asked him about Ronaldinho and he once said he would rather not have him in his team, those type of players play on how they feel in a situation. Whilst these coaches, they really want to bring a way of playing in their team and that's contrary." Similar claims about Ronaldo’s place in the team were made when Rangnick was appointed in November. It was believed that the Portugal captain would not be able to cope with the German’s high-intensity pressing style. While there has at times been evidence of that, Ronaldo has started 13 of the 14 games for which he has been available under Rangnick. The former Real Madrid star has scored six goals in those matches.   