Arsenal fan Piers Morgan has revealed he told close friend Cristiano Ronaldo to ditch Manchester United for the Gunners during a conversation last week. Ronaldo has one year left on his contract at Old Trafford, but his future beyond this summer is uncertain as United look set to miss out on Champions League football. The 37-year-old striker returned to action on Saturday after missing the 4-0 defeat at Anfield earlier in the week following the death of his newborn son. He was one of the best players on the pitch and scored his 22nd goal this season, but he couldn't inspire United as they fell to a 3-1 defeat against Arsenal. The result has all but diminished the already-faint hopes of a top-four finish in a race now exclusively between Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur. And Morgan believes the Gunners should aim to get one over on United again this summer by luring Ronaldo to the Emirates Stadium. On Monday, he told talkSPORT: "Do you know what I'd do if I was Arsenal manager? I'd go in, get Cristiano Ronaldo and put him upfront. I've had this conversation with him last week; I said 'come to Arsenal'." JUST IN: Arsenal's top four hopes receive boost with early Partey comeback Morgan further emphasised his desire for Arsenal to recruit Ronaldo after leaving him impressed with his display in north London on Saturday. The 57-year-old admitted he would 'take him in a heartbeat' after recording his 25th goal involvement of the campaign. "I'm not even joking. I'd love to bring Cristiano Ronaldo to Arsenal," Morgan continued. "If he's not going to stay at United, I'd take him in a heartbeat. I watched that game at the weekend and he was the best player on the pitch." READ MORE: Quiz reveals whether amateur footballers can make it to Premier League Amid growing murmurs of the toxic atmosphere currently plaguing the United dressing room, Morgan also believes United's younger players don't respect Ronaldo. And the broadcaster concluded by accusing the Red Devils' stars of having 'out-of-control egos' that their lack of silverware in recent season doesn't justify. He added: "I don't feel there's that respect for Ronaldo at United from those younger United players. I think the egos are writing cheques that their lack of trophies doesn't cash. And my message to those young United stars is, 'You're talented, but your egos are out of control'." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.