Meghan Markle made an application to trademark the 470-year-old word to use as the title for her upcoming podcast series on Spotify. The attempt sparked considerable backlash, with one royal expert exposing a significant "paradox" in the Duchess of Sussex's application. Richard Eden noted Prince Harry had previously opposed a diktat from the Queen over the exclusivity of the word royal following his and Meghan's departure from the Royal Family. Speaking to Palace Confidential, Mr Eden said: "I should point out the paradox here that when the Queen stopped Harry and Meghan using the word royal, because they used to have Sussex Royal for their social media, Prince Harry actually put out a statement saying that no, the Queen doesn't own the word royal, we could challenge it. "So they're challenging the use of the word royal but they're trying to own a word like archetype." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex had been operating under the brand Sussex Royal since shortly after their marriage in 2018, launching a website and an Instagram account bearing the same name. Since Her Majesty forbade the pair from continuing to use the label after stepping down from their official roles, they launched a new organisation named Archewell – inspired by their son Archie. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG In her application to the United States Patent and Trademark Office, Meghan said she wanted to trademark archetypes when used "in the fields of cultural treatment of women and stereotypes facing women." Their company Archewell lodged the application rather than Spotify, suggesting the word might be used for further projects outside of podcasts. Prince Harry's official biographer Angela Levin quipped: "It's the hypocrisy. We've seen the hypocrisy ever since they left. "It's not how I feel, I'm telling you how to behave and it doesn't apply to me. I think it's another example of that." READ MORE: 'Self-absorbed' Meghan and Harry spark FURY with Invictus trip despite UK security row The Duchess's podcast, which originally was expected to include Prince Harry as more than a producer, will launch this summer. Meghan said her project aims to "dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back." The project marks the first significant step to fulfilling the Duke and Duchess's lucrative deal with Spotify since they signed their contract 18 months ago. The pair have been trying to break their financial ties with the Royal Family since departing in March 2020. DON'T MISS Queen and Prince Charles in 'dual monarchy' for 'some time' [INSIGHT]'You used to shout at me so much' Harry jokes with Sandhurst PTI [VIDEO]Meghan told to 'address thorny family issues' on Archetypes podcast [ANALYSIS] Meghan and Harry also signed a deal with Netflix to produce a series of educational projects as well as at least one documentary on the Duke's work on the Invictus Games. Reports emerged this weekend confirming the Duchess of Sussex will make her European return to accompany her husband to the next installment of the competition in The Netherlands next week. The Duchess has not been to the UK since March 2020, staying instead in her new California home with her son Archie and later daughter Lilibet as Harry returned to London to attend his grandfather's funeral and the unveiling of Princess Diana's statue in 2021. The Duke has cited concerns over Meghan and their children's security whilst in the UK to justify his decision not to return.