Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp will have a few team decisions to make today for the Merseyside derby with their Champions League semi-final against Villarreal just a few days later. Klopp has nearly a fully fit squad to choose from with Roberto Firmino the only fitness doubt, but Express Sport expects three changes from the side who thrashed Manchester United 4-0 earlier this week. No changes needed in goal with Alisson proving in recent weeks just why he's regarded as one of the best goalkeepers in the world. The Brazilian was hardly tested against United but he's been a key part of Liverpool's historic run for a quadruple. Klopp will be relying on Alisson to be on his best form from now until the end of the season and will likely be needed for the game against Villarreal on Wednesday night. Everton may not prove too troublesome for Alisson, but his presence in goal will give Liverpool more assurance of keeping another clean sheet. With the potential of 10 more games if they reach the Champions League final, Klopp will need to utilise his squad depth and Ibrahima Konate has proven he's more than capable of slotting in. Joel Matip was back in the team against United, but Konate has been brought into the starting line-up on a regular basis in recent weeks with games coming thick and fast. JUST IN: Lampard relives Klopp scrap after telling Liverpool boss to "f*** off"  Konate may well be needed again to step in with Matip potentially being rested for the game against Villarreal. Trent Alexander-Arnold, Andy Robertson and Virgil van Dijk will likely keep their place to maintain some stability. Thiago Alcantara arguably had his best ever game in a Liverpool shirt in the match against United and was given a standing ovation from the Anfield faithful. But Klopp has been careful on Thiago's minutes throughout the season to keep him fit and ready for when it matters most. DON'T MISS   The Spaniard may well be taken out of the starting line-up for the Merseyside derby, but Naby Keita has proven his ability to step in in recent weeks. Fabinho will still likely be needed to keep Everton at bay and avoid an upset against Liverpool's rivals. Klopp is spoilt for choice in attack, although Roberto Firmino may not be risked due to his fitness concerns. Luis Diaz has slotted in seamlessly to Liverpool's system and was in top form against United. Diogo Jota only came on for the final 20 minutes, meaning he'll be fresh to fit in against Everton. Both Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah also have good goalscoring records against the Toffees and will likely want to continue that streak today.