Labour's Jonathan Ashworth has urged the immediate return of the state pension triple lock as the cost of living crisis continues to grow. Speaking to GB News, the shadow secretary of state for work and pensions said that "pensioners have been betrayed by Boris Johnson". This comes as households across the country face a 54 percent hike in energy costs this month, along with record-high inflation.  Mr Ashworth said: "These pensioners have paid their stamps. "In some circumstances, they have served this country in public services and the armed forces. "The pension was meant to rise with something called the triple lock. That was supposed to guarantee a reasonable increase year on year. "Boris Johnson broke that promise on the triple lock." JUST IN: 'Tell us the names!' Charlie Stayt turns up pressure on Ashworth He continued: "Because of where inflation is, he has imposed the biggest real-terms cut in pensions for 50 years." The Labour MP pointed to the national insurance hike for elderly workers as well as the rise in energy bills for retirees. Mr Ashworth added: "More and more elderly people are turning up at food banks and they are embarrassed, they don't want to be asking for handouts. "Pensioners have been betrayed by Boris Johnson." When asked for solutions, Mr Ashworth responded: "They should not have broken that triple lock, that's the first thing. "The triple lock should come back, and at the moment they are saying it will come back but we will wait and see because they have broken so many promises." He also called for a windfall tax on oil and gas companies that have profited from the rise in global prices. DON'T MISS: State pension mapped: The areas where you could retire for less [MAP]Brexit LIVE: Remoaners savaged for 'shaky' inflation claims [LIVE BLOG]May local election polls: Major losses for Boris as voters hit back [POLL]  Chancellor Rishi Sunak said yesterday that the measure was "something I would look at" if energy companies failed to make "investments in our country and in our energy security". He added: "What I don't want to do is discourage investment in our own energy supplies because we want to improve our energy security so we're not reliant on importing lots of things from abroad." Last month, Mr Sunak confirmed that the state pension triple lock will be reintroduced next year and it is expected to increase by more than seven percent. The triple lock guarantees that pensions grow in line with whichever is highest out of earnings, inflation, or 2.5 percent. The current estimated rate of inflation is expected to be around 7.4 percent.   