The most common ant in the UK is the black ant which Britons may find in their gardens and homes. With warmer weather on its way, one expert has shared different methods to get rid of ants. Jordan Foster, pest management expert at Fantastic Pest Control, explained: “An ant needs water, food and shelter like any other creature. “With all three things secured, they start to reproduce. They usually go on food foraging expeditions throughout their environment during the summer. “It doesn’t take much to attract ants, and it’s therefore essential to clean up any spills or leftovers of food immediately. “The majority of people do not use pesticides or chemicals in their homes. “Well, stores offer many bug repellents, including ant repellents. But what I hear from most people is that they have kids, pets, or are strictly anti-chemicals and are looking for alternative ways to fight household problems such as pests.” READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove limescale deposits from your taps Luckily, there are lots of different ways households can get rid of ants, including using boric acid. According to the expert it will act as a repellent and ants will “stay away” from the home. Jordan added: “Chalk can be used in the same way. Draw with chalk under doors, nearby windows, around cracks, or wherever you’ve noticed the ants appear.” Coffee ground can also help to keep sugar ants away, although it is recommended they are only used outside around entryways. DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares how to keep slugs and snails away from plants [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘amazing’ 99p product to clean electric hob [COMMENT]Cardiff: The £1m property, the doer-upper & average home [PICTURES] The expert also recommended using white vinegar. He said it was a “very effective” method against ants. Jordan explained: “Pour some into a spray bottle and spray the ants crawling inside your home. In addition, spray the area where you think the ants are coming from. “Essential oils work too. The fragrance of essential oils lasts for a long time, and unlike some other remedies, they will make your house smell wonderful. “It just takes a couple of drops of your favourite oil in water, a cotton swab dipped in the solution and a quick wipe. “The most effective essential oils include tea tree, peppermint, lemon and clove.” For households with cayenne pepper in the cupboards, the spice can be spread around the garden to “keep ants at bay”. According to the expert, there is little chance of ants crossing cayenne pepper, cinnamon, curry powder or baby powder. Jordan added: “The only thing you need to do is reapply after rain, and the line gets damaged.” Even talcum powder can help prevent ants from entering the home. Plus, talcum or baby powder is safer to use around pets and children. The expert continued: “Other scents ants don’t like that can drive them away from your home include lemon, orange, cinnamon, peppermint and black pepper. “You can use either one in the form of powder mixed with a little bit of water to spray the entry points and keep ants off your property. “Find an anthill and pour boiling water inside if you want to be drastic. “However, if you never want to worry about ants in your house, make sure you don’t offer them food or water, that’s what they come looking for. “Keep your kitchen or basement clean and tidy. Vacuum regularly, don’t keep dirty dishes in the sink for too long and don’t keep your bin open.”