In 2021, Jodie Whittaker confirmed she was stepping away from her role in Doctor Who and her final scenes as the Time Lord would play out in 2022 in a handful of specials. The actress and showrunner Chris Chibnall made a "three years and out pact" which will make way for a new actor and showrunner to take on their respective roles. Speaking in a new interview, creator Chris discussed his concerns about making the Doctor Who specials. He admitted because of the coronavirus pandemic, he didn't think they would be able to continue filming at all. “That we made Doctor Who at all during the past two years is a miracle,” the show creator admitted. “There was a point around April/May 2020 where it looked like we’d have to call it a day after two series." READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry He added to Radio Times: "If we hadn’t already planned to leave after series three, there’s no way I’d be staying on now after going through that experience.” As he reflected on the past few years, the showrunner said he is “flabbergasted” at the team’s efforts to tell the entire story. The Doctor Who specials will be three additional episodes that follow the programme's 13th series. Last month, the official Doctor Who Twitter account confirmed the specials would air on April 17. Since the news of Jodie's departure, the bookmakers have been predicting which stars could take over as the Time Lord. Most recently, David Tennant, who was the 10th Doctor, is the favourite to take on the role. Experts from Online Betting Guide (OLBG) named David, 50, as having a 60 per cent chance of reprising the role, with odds of 4/6. David was a huge hit with Doctor Who fans when he first took on the part in 2005. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Amy Barlow blamed for Summer Spellman death [SPOILERS]Steve Fletcher opens up on getting sister Suzie Repair Shop role [INSIGHT]Vera star speaks on having exclusive access to key location [NEWS] He brought the show back from the 1980s alongside Billie Piper, who starred as his sidekick Rose Tyler. The Des star left the sci-fi series in 2010 before passing the baton to The Crown actor Matt Smith. David may be the favourite to take over from Jodie, but a number of other names have also been thrown into the mix. Some of the names include EastEnders star Danny Dyer and Lydia West. However, some fans believe It's a Sin star and Years and Years singer Olly Alexander could be the next Doctor. Jodie's replacement may be under wraps, but Whovians do know that Russell T Davies will be taking over from Chris as showrunner. Russell revived Doctor Who in 2005 before he finally left the show in 2010. According to reports, BBC bosses wanted to bring back Russell, rather than recruit someone new. Doctor Who is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.