Whether you have noticed a patch of brown grass or a spot where your lawn seems to have died off, according to Green Thumb, these problems are “generally caused by fungus which attacks the grass and deprives it of vital nutrients”. As these diseases come in many forms, the key to saving your garden lawn in time for summer is by firstly identifying the exact root cause of the problem. Here are five common lawn problems and what each one means for your grass Red thread is most often noticeable as a pink or reddish tint on the grass blades. If you look closely, you may also notice fine needles protruding from each blade. According to Green Thumb: “In very severe cases you will see pink mycelium, almost like small flocks of cotton wool." High humidity is the main cause of red thread, however, it can also be a result of a poor cutting regime, drought, thatch, compaction, or lack of feeding. An expert for Green Thumb explained: "Regular lawn treatments, correct mowing and programmes which reduce thatch will help to keep it in check." READ MORE: Grass care: How to get rid of moss from your lawn using baking soda Microdochium Patch occurs most often during the autumn and winter months, though your lawn may be suffering the after-effects during the spring. The disease thrives in misty or foggy weather, or during extended periods of drizzle. Green Thumb explains: "Symptoms appear as small, circular, yellow patches which can spread up to about 30cm in diameter. "Once established, the patches turn a yellow or brown colour and in severe cases can kill the grass. "After the disease becomes inactive, the area appears pale and straw-like." The best way to tackle this disease is by applying a fungicide, and continuing applications until the drizzle or misty season has passed. DON'T MISSCleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [INTERVIEW]‘Easily’ kill crabgrass on your lawn and stop it returning next year [COMMENT]Energy bills: How to reduce your laundry costs by £100 a year [EXPLAINER] Leaf Spot is a very common lawn disease that affects lawns across the UK. The disease takes the form of brown or black spots on grass blades. These spots can widen and develop brown patches at their centre. Most often this kills the blade above its root. Warm and humid weather conditions are favoured by this disease, with spores of uni disseminated by water splash. A stressed lawn is more likely to be impacted by leaf spot, so maintenance is key. Keep your lawn well-watered and cut on a regular basis. Green Thumb adds: "Ensure the mower blades are sharp and do not cut the grass too short. "Aeration and scarification will help to keep the sward healthy, thus reducing the likelihood of disease." Dollar spot is not the most common disease to attack UK lawns, but it is on the rise. According to Green Thumb: "It was always thought that this disease was not found extensively in the UK, however, reports are indicating that it is more prevalent than first thought." The fungus behind the disease is called Sclerotinia homoeocarpa. Patches are extremely noticeable and are often circular in shape. Within the patches, dead grass is bleached white or straw coloured and they may also be sunken. The disease thrives in warm, humid weather, and is likely to appear in areas where the soil has a low nitrogen level. Green Thumb states: "Culturally, the best advice is to cut the grass regularly at a high setting with a sharp blade, ensuring that there is not a lot of thatch present in the turf surface. "The best results are always achieved when the turf surface is kept dry so aeration may also play an important role. "Due to the fact that it is also encouraged when Nitrogen levels are low, then fertilising is important, particularly on light sandy soils, due to the potential for leaching." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Rust is one of the oldest known turf diseases and attacks the leaf plant, causing extensive damage. Luckily, the disease will rarely spread across an entire lawn, so can be easily treated. Lawns under immense stress are most often attacked, especially during the autumn and early spring. Therefore, maintaining your lawn with a regular watering and cutting schedule is essential. Mowing affected patches can reduce the number of affected leaves - though be sure to remove any clippings. An application of fertiliser can also often do the trick to eliminate any areas of rust on your lawn.