Since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Anonymous has waged war on Moscow, with the goal to stop the Russian president’s aggression against his neighbour. The hacktivist group, whose previous targets include ISIS and the CIA, have most recently set their eyes on Russia’s primary security agency, the Federal Security Service (FSB).  The body has taken over some of the duties of the infamous KGB, with its responsibilities including conducting counter-intelligence, internal and border security, counter-terrorism, and surveillance. The group is directly answerable to Putin, with the head of the agency being appointed by him. Since 2014, the FSB has been actively involved in the preparation of a Russian takeover or invasion of Ukraine by inciting unrest in Western Ukraine. However, since Russia’s invasion in 2014, the security group has not had the best fortunes, after being repeatedly blamed for failures in communications, with Ukrainian forces being able to tap into unencrypted phone calls between the FSB and Russian superiors in Moscow.  Now, the agency’s woes continue as Anonymous claims to have leaked the personal data of more than 600 Russian FSB officers operating in Moscow. Express.co.uk has seen the list, which shows the officers’ full name, their date of birth, their passport number, and even details about their debts and vehicles. Along with the leak of Russian intelligence officials, the hacktivist group also released a massive trove of 87,500 emails, amounting to about 107GB from Neocom Geoservice, a Russian engineering firm. The company specialises in oil and gas fields and providing drilling support, and works with major oil producers like the Russian gas behemoth Gazprom, Orenburgneft, Samotlorneftegaz, Tyumenneftegaz, and Rospan International. READ MORE: Putin humiliated: 400,000 secret files leaked by hackers The attack on a Russian energy company may be an effort to disrupt Putin’s war effort, as experts warn that Russia’s invasion is fuelled by the revenues made from the country’s oil and gas exports, which make up the backbone of the country’s economy. Last week, Anonymous targetted the Russian engineering company Aerogas, leaking 145GB worth of information, which included 100,000 emails from the company that works closely with Russia’s oil and gas sector. Aerogas works with Rosneft, Russia’s largest producer of oil, and Novatek, the country’s leading natural gas producer. Last night, the hacking group reported that they broke into Gazregion, a construction company that builds gas pipelines for Russian state-backed Gazprom, the largest gas producer in the world. DON'T MISS: UK scientists analyse secrets of Putin's prized fighter jet [ANALYSIS] Musk to launch UK’s new power station into space [REVEAL] Putin and Xi to exploit Brexit Achilles heel and spark 'chaos' [INSIGHT]