The sixth and final instalment of the riveting Breaking Bad prequel will kick-off where the last outing left off. Lalo Salamanca (played by Tony Dalton) is still alive, but Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) is still in the dark about whether his assassination attempt succeeded. After an intense meeting in AMC drama Better Call Saul’s next episode, Mike Ehrmentraut (Jonathan Banks) may have to take matters into his own hands to extract Nacho Vargo (Michael Mando) himself. Mike and Gus are at odds with how best to proceed following Lalo’s botched assassination in the fifth season finale of Better Call Saul. If Gus refuses to compromise, Mike could decide to go against his boss by sneaking under enemy lines to rescue Nacho. In a brand new preview of the season six premiere, Mike and Tyrus (Ray Campbell) meet with Gus to discuss their next steps. Although they’re unsure whether or not Lalo survived, Gus is suspicious all his mercenaries sent to kill the cartel leader have ended up getting killed. READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts Mike tries to reassure him: “It has been known to happen.” He then suggests: “I could go down there and get Varga, bring him home safe. “There’s ways to do it on the quiet. Unless you already have something in the works?” However, Gus isn’t so easily convinced and sends Tyrus out so he and Mike can have a more thorough debrief in TVLine’s exclusive clip. The cleaner is adamant they need Nacho back on their territory, but Gus wouldn’t confirm if he plans to follow through on Mike’s suggestion to extract him on the down-low. He then implies losing Nacho would be a betrayal of trust, as the middleman between Gus and the cartel believed the drug dealer would keep him safe throughout the ongoing war. “Loyalty goes both ways,” Mike insists. “Varga’s done everything you ask him.” Gus reminds his bodyguard: “He wasn’t given a choice.” DON'T MISS:The Witcher season 3 theory: Ciri set for new romance [UPDATE]MAFS Australia’s Olivia on ‘grudges’ after Domenica row [COMMENT]Moon Knight fans emotional after Gaspard Ulliel title card [TRIBUTE] Mike replies: “He played a tough game, and he played it on the square.” When Gus prompts him with a deadpan “And?" Mike continues: “When all is said and done, the kid deserves your respect.” Gus insists Nacho does have his respect and asks if there’s anything more Mike wishes to say to perhaps to help change his mind. He may have agreed with Mike’s argument and is simply keeping his cards characteristically close to his chest to keep his right-hand man from doing anything reckless. However, the scene ends on an ambiguous note as silence descends on the room while the two men stare each other down. If Gus suspects Lalo is still alive following the shootout at the end of the last season, he could forbid Mike from going back into Salamanca territory. Nacho isn’t present throughout the original Breaking Bad, so it may be wise to assume he’s taken out when his loyalties to Gus are uncovered. On the other hand, Mike has been known to play by his own rules in the past and could be able to covertly liberate Nacho before sending him away to start a new life away from the cartel. Better Call Saul season 6 premieres on AMC in the USA on April 18 and the next day on Netflix in the UK.