Meena (played by Paige Sandhu) believes she is the most powerful force in Emmerdale, untouchable to those who want to see her put behind bars for years for murdering three villagers and committing countless other crimes. The twisted character will take to the stand in next week's episodes of the ITV soap as she is given her moment in the spotlight to testify. However, it seems she might have had a romance whilst being a prisoner in jail and this could have resulted in her expecting a child in what would be a huge twist to the proceedings. In this week's episodes, Meena has been seen getting closer to a prison guard called Ian Beeker (Dean Smith), who has been giving the killer some luxuries from the outside world. The villain seems to have used her expert powers in manipulation to wrap him around her finger and he seems to be willing to do anything she wants him to do. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, the actress who plays Meena, Paige, has spoken about her character's relationship with the prison official. Paige explained: "Essentially one of the biggest things is that Meena has met a new prison officer called Ian Beeker. "As soon as she sees him she can just see that he is exactly the type of person that she can work to use to her advantage." READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage "We see her over a few episodes that their relationship has become more and more inappropriate in terms of a prison officer and prison inmate," the soap star continued. "So she's been using every single tool in her tool kit to work him, to charm him, to manipulate him," Paige added but could Meena have taken things further than just an initial spark? It could be the pair have been sleeping together and this is why Ian has become so enthralled by the toxic character. Due to the circumstances and how little time they get to spend together, the pair might not have taken the necessary precautions for safe sex. Therefore, there is every chance Meena could have conceived a child behind bars and this puts her in a more precarious situation on the stand. Playing on the fact she could be pregnant, Meena could plead with the jury to think about her baby and whether they would be able to live with themselves tearing a child away from its mother. As the court sees the villain in a new light, they might not be able to understand how someone like her would have the capability of murdering anyone. They could fall under her manipulative spell and it will have seemed Meena's inappropriate relationship with the prison officer could have proved very useful. Paige added: "She's using his weaknesses against him, and so she's got him in her pocket and she believes that if asked to, he would do illegal things for her." "He would go that far because she's just worked him so much," she added but will he be a part of the villain's exit storyline? DON'T MISS...Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate [COMMENT] The outcome of next week's murder trial will see Meena leave the soap in some way, whether is expecting a child or not. It's been known for a long time Paige would be departing the cast at the end of her character's killer storyline but the exact conclusion is being kept under wraps until transmission. Paige has spoken out about her impending exit from the show, stating writers have come up with the perfect way to end Meena's story. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the actress said: "Meena’s story had to come to an end because if she carried on there’d be no one left in the village. "I thought she’d have to die because it’s just the most epic thing but what they’ve come up with is better.” With the confirmation the villain won't be killed off, the actress who plays Manpreet Sharma, Rebecca Sarker, has opened up on the impact of her co-star's exit. The soap star said: "It feels very surreal, I have to say because it has been so intense. We messaged each other the other day and we know it's coming soon. "So it's a bit strange, to say the least, that I'm not going to be with her. I can't really imagine her not being part of Manpreet's storyline or vice versa. "But you've got to be sensible about it – there was life before Meena and there will be life afterwards. "Well, hopefully! I haven't heard anything else to the contrary but I haven't had all the scripts yet," the actress added. It seems fans of the show are also ready to see Meena go, with viewer Ryan writing on Twitter: "I've just watched the #Emmerdale trailer for Meena's trial next week. Oh my God, it looks so good. Hopefully, this will finally be the end of Meena Jutla at last?" Avni added: "#emmerdale the trial will be interesting to see what Meena does." Olly shared: "As someone who has loved this storyline and Meena as a character, I of course wouldn't want this to end, but I understand why it's got to end and I respect it. "Going to be bittersweet but I'm really interested and excited as to how this is going to play out #Emmerdale," they continued. But will she be leaving with a baby in tow? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.