Piers Morgan’s son Stanley has echoed the views of many as he begged his TalkTV star dad to stop ranting about Meghan Markle. Piers, who quit Good Morning Britain after refusing to apologise for his accusation that Meghan is a liar, even agreed the topic seems pointless now. Speaking on Steven Bartlett’s Diary of a CEO podcast, Piers reiterated the claims that sparked uproar on GMB - that he believes Meghan is lying about asking for help from the Palace while feeling suicidal, but having her pleas ignored. He also has repeatedly claimed he doesn’t believe a member of the Royal Family expressed “concerns” over “how dark” her son Archie’s skin would be. As his new show, Piers Morgan: Uncensored, began this week, Piers has continued to lay into Meghan and her husband Prince Harry. But even his children are beginning to tire of the topic. Steven asked: “Have you ever regretted anything you’ve said?” Piers replied: “Look, I encourage all my kids to be free thinkers, and sometimes they will be on me, and be like, ‘Dad you went too far, you shouldn’t have said that, and we will have a spirited debate about it. “And sometimes they change my mind about stuff, it has happened.” Piers has three sons – Spencer, 28, Stanley, 24, and 21-year-old Bertie with his ex-wife, Marion Shalloe, and daughter Elise, ten, with wife Celia Walden. “My middle son, Stanley, is an actor and photographer, he loves your podcast,” Piers continued. “He would say now, ‘Dad, just stop talking about Meghan Markle, just don’t bother’, and he is right. “There comes a point where it’s like, what’s the point? “The problem is, [Meghan and Harry] make themselves newsworthy all the time, and my job is to talk about the news, and obviously I have a vested interest in the Markle debacle, because it cost me my job, so I feel I have an involvement in that story. “But he would be saying, ‘Dad move on to other stuff, just do something else in this interview that’s more interesting than Meghan bloody Markle’, and he’s right actually. “I’ve had that conversation with him, and my other sons,” Piers added. He revealed he has a Whatsapp group with his children, which people would find hilarious because they “hammer” him “all the time”. “Sometimes we agree, a lot of the time we don’t agree, but we have really vociferous arguments and then we all go and have dinner together,” Piers explained. “And that’s the way it should be, I want my kids to be independent-minded, I want my kids to challenge me and I want to challenge them. “Sometimes it is really heated.” Piers stormed off from GMB in a row with Alex Beresford, who had accused him of “trashing” Meghan. He later claimed ITV told him he could only return if he apologised for his comments, but he refused.