  Lila Moss, who was dressed in a provocative, clear-resin outfit for her latest photoshoot, has revealed her former supermodel mum actually likes to wear tracksuit bottoms when she slobs around the house. Confessing she thought her mum was “old and boring” when she was younger, Lila went on to admit that Kate, 48, would “hate” anyone to find out about her less-than-fashionable attire.       Lila made a provocative style debut with British heritage brand Loewe, in a shoot conducted by photographer Steven Meisel. The catwalk veteran’s daughter posed in a translucent silk and resin top that seemed worlds away from the type of looks a young Kate opted for in the height of her fashion career. Speaking about raiding Kate’s wardrobe, Lila said: “In the last three or four years, I’ve realised that her style is actually really cool. I’m having to admit it now.” However, she went on to spill the beans on one of her mum’s lesser known fashion secrets. READ MORE: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore      “She doesn’t have a good trackies selection,” Lila said. “She only has pyjamas.” “She probably would hate me saying that,” the young model added. “She doesn’t want anyone to know she wears trackies.” When asked about growing up as Kate’s daughter, Lila explained how she realised her mum was famous at the age of eight after noticing everyone wanted to take her picture.       Kate welcomed Lila 19 years ago with her ex-boyfriend, magazine editor Jefferson Hack. Now, the young star wants to follow in her mum’s footsteps, but admitted she didn’t always appreciate what a fashion icon Kate is. She remembered: “I went to secondary school and everyone was like, ‘Oh, your mum’s Kate Moss.’ “You don’t really have a filter when you’re that young and I was like, ‘How do you know who she is? READ MORE... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [NEWS] Piers Morgan threatens to ‘storm into GMB' as hosts warn 'lock doors!' [NEWS] Sandra Bullock admits Daniel Radcliffe was 'not who I expected' [INSIGHT]   “‘She’s old! She’s old and boring!’” Lila added in her interview ahead of her debut on the cover of British Vogue. Lila’s first time on the cover of the fashion bible comes after her mum Kate has appeared an incredible 43 times. Her mum Kate was scouted at JFK airport aged just 14 in 1998 and Lila started modelling at a similarly young age. She signed with her mum’s agency and landed her first major campaign with Marc Jacobs beauty aged 16.      Lila admitted her mum tried to put her off modelling, however, before she signed up anyway. She explained: “My mum always put me off. “She was always like, ‘If you want to do it, you can, but I wouldn’t recommend it.’” See the full feature in the May issue of British Vogue available via digital download and on newsstands from Tuesday 26th April.    