Mrs Hinch rose to fame on Instagram after she started to share unusual cleaning tips. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Sophie Pugh wrote: “Does anyone know what I can use to fresh up or clean my shaggy rug? Any tips would be welcomed.” Rugs can become extremely dirty, especially in a high traffic area of the home. Dust, dirt and dander can all become trapped in the fibres, causing rugs to smell bad. They can even smell bad when they are first purchased due to the chemicals used when manufacturing. If not cleaned regularly, the dust build-up can make allergies worse. Taking to the comments, Mrs Hinch fans recommended a variety of tips, including using water and fabric softener. READ MORE: How to clean a shower cubicle - five things you should always do Zoe Allan wrote: “Spray it with a mix of water and fabric softener, brush it and air outside.” Tracy Hendry said: “Two capfuls of fabric softener. Brush it and then hang it over the bannister if you can’t dry outside. Comes up like new.” Mimi Blakk commented: “I can vouch for fabric softener, great cheap tip.” Fabric softeners mixed with water is a great low-cost, non-toxic carpet cleaner that can remove smells from carpets and rugs. DON'T MISS:How to get rid of ‘pesky’ slugs and snails - ‘they will struggle’ [COMMENT]Weeds: 'Very effective' way to get rid of weeds - 'kills everything' [EXPLAINER]Energy: Use a hob to cook and wash clothing at a cooler temperature [INSIGHT] What’s more, the combination may even soften the rug. When it comes to looking after a shaggy rug, hoovering can make it lose its fluffy look. To combat this, Mrs Hinch fans recommended shaking it outside. Lesley West said: “I wouldn’t hoover, only if it is really dirty. Shake it outside and spray some carpet freshener on it. “I saw a tip on here recommending fabric softener or even some disinfectant to help clean it properly.” Other group members recommended sprinkling over bicarbonate of soda. Lizzie Mcmillan wrote: “Sprinkle bicarbonate of soda and then leave it overnight. Hoover it up if you can or shake it outside.” Alice Tun said: “Bicarbonate of soda is great to freshen up any rug. I also spray a foaming carpet spray on it to leave the rooms smelling nice.” Bicarbonate of soda can help keep bad smells at bay as it has natural deodorising properties. For any rug or carpet stains, bicarbonate of soda mixed with water can help to create a natural cleaning paste to remove stubborn stains. Shaving foam is also great for removing stains. Ffion Bloomfield commented: “I use the shaving foam hack. I have tried so many high street stain removers to get stains out of different areas around the house and they just won’t budge. “I cannot believe the results I had with such a cheap and easy product - shaving foam. “I used it on my carpet, mattresses and sofas, the stains vanished finally.” Ffion Bloomfield commented: “I use the shaving foam hack. I have tried so many high street stain removers to get stains out of different areas around the house and they just won’t budge. “I cannot believe the results I had with such a cheap and easy product - shaving foam. “I used it on my carpet, mattresses and sofas, the stains vanished finally.”