A television licence is needed to watch or record live programming as well as streaming using BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime. However, Britons who just watch Netflix don’t need a TV licence meaning they could save themselves £159. In certain circumstances, households may be eligible to apply for a refund on their TV licence. Currently, the full price of a colour television licence is £159 for households and businesses. A discounted rate is given to those who use black and white TV sets at £53.50, or half price is offered for those who are blind. For one property, a single licence can cover all television sets, computers, laptops, phones, tablets and any other devices with a TV signal. READ MORE: Premium Bonds: Can you boost your chance of winning the £1million jackpot? A refund applicant can ask for a refund on their television licence if they will not need it again before its expiration date. TV Licensing tells applicants to complete the online refund form which can be found on its website. On its website, TV Licensing states: “Working out precise refund amounts can be complicated. “But we will do it for you. We’ll look carefully at the information you give us and let you know if we can offer you a refund, and how much it will be.” As part of the refund application, claimants must include the name on their television licence, address and postcode. Furthermore, they should also include the date from when they no longer need the licence within the application. Those who pay their licence via Direct Debit are encouraged not to cancel it as this will be done for them when the refund is processed. Sometimes those asking for a refund may be told to provide evidence and documentation to support their case. Examples of what qualify as evidence include tenancy agreements, council tax bill or a solicitor’s letter. If so, TV Licensing requires them to print out the refund form, or save it to print later, and sign it. TV Licensing is unable to return original documents so refund applicants should only send over photocopies and printouts. Anyone who does not have a printer should contact the TV Licensing directly, which will send over a refund form. All completed refund form and relevant evidence must be sent to the following address: The Refund Centre, TV Licensing, Darlington DL98 1TL. Refunds are usually processed within 21 days of receiving the application, according to TV Licensing.