The Labour MP for Ealing Central and Acton was probed on whether Starmer was more focused on the Government's Partygate scandal than the cost of living crisis by Dan Wootton's GB News team on Wednesday. Rather than answering the question, Huq decided to run away down the street. Wootton branded the MP a "wuss" for "sprinting" from the cameras. Speaking after the incident, Wootton exclaimed: “Labour MPs literally running away from addressing their own civil war. "Come on, we have to take another look at that snivelling little wuss again, that's Doctor Rupa Huq Labour MP for Ealing Central and Acton sprinting from the GB News cameras." The clip was played again and saw Huq running down the road to avoid speaking to the GB News team. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry  Huq was not the only MP to avoid the question as others insisted they were too busy to answer it. Fabian Hamilton, Labour Shadow Minister for Peace and Disarmament said: “I don’t know what you’re talking about, I’m sorry. “I have no idea what you’re talking about, I’m going to a meeting with a school party now and to my constituency, I don’t know who you are, so goodbye.” Labour MP for Putney Fleur Anderson added: “Sorry I’m just rushing off for a meeting.”   However, there were some MPs who did respond to the question from the GB News team. Cardiff South and Penarth representative Stephen Doughty said: "I’m very much focused on the cost of living, it’s what my constituents are raising on the doorstep. “I’ve had many Conservative voters switching to Labour both over their concerns over Partygate and the cost of living." “Well clearly people’s immediate cost of living is a key concern that can't be dealt with by a Prime Minister who doesn’t have the authority of the house," added Charlotte Nichols, MP for Labour Warrington North, added. DON'T MISS...GB News slanging match over Keir Starmer and Partygate [LATEST]Sunak 'can turn around' path to PM by tackling cost of living crisis [UPDATE]Dan Wootton rages at GB News guest over ‘visceral hatred for Boris' [INTERVIEW] Many viewers of the clip jumped to Huq's defence on Twitter, with Kath Wilson adding: "I don't blame her... They could be anyone and approaching an MP on her own is not necessarily okay in current times. "She did the right thing... Maybe just ask for an interview the professional way next time!!" @DominaDors said: "Don't blame her to be honest." However, other viewers agreed with Wootton's comments about Huq with @Itsasimulation tweeting: "I cannot believe we actually elect people that are such lightweights."  Matty fumed: "What an absolute disgrace, it’s absolutely shameful that she’s even an MP in the first place and here she’s just proving it." Sam Hosseinian quipped: "[It was] like she’d seen a ghost." Starmer has rejected claims Labour has let Partygate distract from its campaigning on the cost of living. GB News is available to watch on Virgin Media and Freeview. 