Emma Raducanu has received praise from a former British number one Anne Keothavong ahead of her Billie Jean King Cup debut. Great Britain are set to take on Czech Republic in a qualifying tie, and the US Open champion is a member of the team for the first time. The 19-year-old made history when she won at Flushing Meadows without dropping a set last September, and Anne Keothavong hailed the incredible accomplishment that nobody could have predicted. "We've all known she's a great talent. She had a promising career ahead of her but I don't think anyone expected her to do what she did in New York so soon," the 38-year-old told Sky Sports. "I think it caught the whole of tennis by surprise and it's something that is a fantastic story and one that we should continue to celebrate because I'm not sure we'll see anything like that happen ever again." The former world number 48 will captain her young squad against a formidable opponent in Czech Republic who have won the tournament 11 times - the second most of any nation in the tournament’s history. Their team is slightly depleted with the absence of reigning French Open champion Barbora Krejcikova and two-time Wimbledon winner Petra Kvitova. But they still boast a strong outfit with 2020 Olympic silver medalist Marketa Vondrousova, Katerina Siniakov, Karolina Muchova and Tereza Martincova. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic suffered career first that he'll want to forget in Monte Carlo Masters loss Raducanu leads Great Britain’s side, followed by Harriet Dart, who made the last 16 at Indian Wells last month and Katie Swan, who has lost only one out of five previous Davis Cup matches. The team is completed by Sonay Kartal, who is making her debut at the event and comes into the tie in red-hot form, winning four of her last five ITF singles events – including two events on home soil in Birmingham and Glasgow. Following the prestigious team event, Raducanu will participate in her first clay-court event on the WTA Tour at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart. She was unveiled as an ambassador for the tournament sponsor last month and is looking forward to playing at an event she described as ‘unique’. ‟I am excited to play my first ever WTA tournament on clay,” she told Porsche tennis. “It’s nice that it’s the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix. I’ve been following the event since I was young and for me it was always the tournament where the winner gets a Porsche. It was unique and it has stayed on my mind. Since being on the Tour, I have heard so many good things about the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix. “I know it’s one of the most popular tournaments on the calendar which is no wonder – who doesn’t want to win a Porsche?”