Piers Morgan has become involved in a bizarre exchange in Spanish on Twitter with former Arsenal midfielder Dani Ceballos. The TV presenter took aim at Mikel Arteta after the Gunners' defeat to Crystal Palace on Monday evening. The north London outfit were second-best at Selhurst Park and were deservedly beaten, with goals from Jean-Philippe Mateta, Jordan Ayew and Wilfried Zaha sealing an emphatic win for the Eagles. The result means Arsenal have missed a chance to reclaim fourth spot and move further clear of Tottenham, West Ham and Manchester United in the race for Champions League qualification. After the game, Arteta apologised to the travelling supporters after admitting the performance from his side was “unacceptable”. A post uploaded by Arsenal’s official Twitter account carried words of motivation from the Spaniard, who was quoted saying: “This is a moment now to challenge each other, to help each other and to believe again.” But not every Arsenal fan was willing to be so positive in the wake of their defeat. Morgan, who had unleashed a series of sarcastic tweets about the Arsenal boss during and after the game, showed he was still not in a forgiving mood with a tweet regarding the departure of Pierre-Emerick Aubayemang. READ MORE: Carragher uncovers Arsenal 'worry' in Man Utd and Spurs 'big boost' "This is actually a moment when Arsenal fans need to accept Arteta made a massive season-wrecking mistake in giving away Aubameyang & relying on Lacazette to lead the line,” he wrote to his 7.9million followers. “I said it would come back to haunt us - and it is.” Aubameyang left the club in January on a free transfer after falling out of favour with Arteta following a disciplinary breach. The Gabonese subsequently joined Barcelona on a six-month deal and the 32-year-old has enjoyed a fine start to life in Catalonia with nine goals in 10 appearances. But, in a bizarre twist, one of the people to stand up to the 57-year-old was former Arsenal loanee Ceballos, who spent two seasons on loan at the Emirates from Real Madrid. Now back with the La Liga giants, the Spain midfielder launched a staunch defence of Arteta, whom he worked under during the 2020-21 season. DON'T MISSBent in full agreement with Carragher on Nuno TavaresArsenal could land Lautaro Martínez for heavily cut priceArsenal's Tierney 'fears his season is over' due to knee injury  He wrote in his native Spanish: “Amigo déjenle trabajar es muy top. Además llevará al Arsenal a donde se merece. Paciencia,” which means: “Mate, let him work, he’s very good. He will also take Arsenal to where it deserves to be. Patience.” Morgan rarely backs down from a war of words on Twitter, and the ‘Uncensored’ host — while fairly restrained — referred to their 18-year wait for a league title in his Spanish response to Ceballos. He wrote: “Buenos dias, Dani. Soy muy paciente desde hace 18 años. Mi tolerancia de nuestra mediocridad está en su punto más bajo!”, which translates in English to: “Hello Dani. I have been very patient for 18 years. My tolerance of our mediocrity is at an all time low!”