Britain's Got Talent season 15 is ramping up, and with only a few Golden Buzzer opportunities left, 2022 competitors are ready to fight for their spot in the final. Taking to the stage this weekend, Manchester Communication Primary Academy managed to impress judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon with their comedy skit about the show. It comes as former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan recently made his TV comeback with his new show Uncensored, and this evening saw BGT viewers claim that one little actor had nailed a skit of the outspoken presenter. Pupils from Manchester Communication Primary Academy performed an amusing sketch on the ITV show, with the audience in stitches. The youthful acting troupe were made up of students ages four to ten, with them all coming from Manchester. During their short skit, the young actors took it in turns to do impressions of the four judges and a few other celebrity guests. In their short comedic showcase, they told the story of a very "old" man called Simon who wanted to create the best talent show on TV. Read More: Ant McPartlin bandaged up by medics after suffering BGT injury The audience and hosts Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly started laughing almost immediately and couldn't contain themselves with the small Piers lookalike showcasing his talent when he said: "Blah Blah Blah Blah." Ian Eccles tweeted: "They captured annoying Piers Morgan perfectly, so I'd have hit the golden buzzer just for that alone! #BGT." Kris Richens added: "Perfect audition for Piers lol #BGT #BritainsGotTalent." Danny James couldn't agree more and said: "Best Piers Morgan impression I've seen IMO! #BGT." "MCPA aww how cute are they !!! I would give them a golden buzzer !! #BGT," @blue_laur11 commented. (sic) Matthew Chapman, however, already had too much Piers in his life and chimed in: "Oh for goodness sake! even #BGT doesn't escape Piers Morgan's wrath!" "Oh god, he looks nothing like Piers Morgan #BGT," @RyanGTweetsTV stated. The acting troupe evening had a small Ant and Dec who performed a short dance routine to the pair's song Let's Get Ready to Rhumble. DON’T MISS…Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco in tears as she pays tribute to co-star 'Helped me so much' [LATEST]Naga Munchetty suffers mishap as she tells BBC Breakfast viewers Boris Johnson's in prison [LATEST]The Bay's Daniel Ryan's tribute to co-star ahead of new season 'Can survive cast change' [LATEST] It was a unanimous "yes" from the judges, with them excited to see what else they could produce on the stage. The yeses kept coming with the act, followed by a 17-year-old pot washer from Essex, Honey Scott. Honey also performed a BGT inspired act on the show and performed a song she wrote about the famous panel and hosts. So far, three acts have already made it to the semi-final, with the Golden Buzzer being present multiple times within the first two weekends of the show. Amanda pressed the coveted button for Singer Loren Allred from Brooklyn, USA. Loren's vocals wowed the panel and rang familiar to viewers as it was revealed she voiced the hit song Never Enough in the blockbuster film The Greatest Showman. Simon Cowell used his golden opportunity on comedian Axel Blake, and David Walliams was a mega-fan of dance troupe Born To Perform and couldn't hit the button soon enough. Britain's Got Talent continues on ITV on Saturdays.