With more than 150 million record sales to her name worldwide, Barbra Streisand is one of the best-selling recording artists of all time. Achieving success in multiple entertainment fields, she is among a select few to have been awarded an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony. This afternoon BBC Two airs a special documentary charting her meteoric rise, covering her escape from a tough childhood in working-class Brooklyn to a career on the red carpet. The documentary reveals Barbra’s initial determination to become an actress, and how her career took off two years after landing her first acting role when she started to sing. The ‘Don’t Rain on My Parade’ singer continues to amaze her fanbase even as her career enters its sixth decade — and can boast royalty among those who have fawned over her. Prince Charles once recalled being utterly captivated by Streisand when they met almost 50 years ago. The Prince of Wales selected 13 of his favourite songs for the radio programme, Music & Memories With HRH The Prince Of Wales, that was broadcast over 180 hospital radio stations last July, including the iconic ‘Don’t Rain on My Parade’. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ Recalling his first encounter with her, Charles said: “I have always been a great admirer of the incredibly versatile American actress and singer Barbra Streisand. “Back in 1974, when I was serving in the Royal Navy, as a young lieutenant in the frigate HMS Jupiter, we called into the United States navy’s base in San Diego, California. “When I heard that she was currently making the film [Funny Lady, a sequel to Funny Girl] in the Warner Brothers Studios […] I was lucky enough to visit the set and to meet her there. “I shall never forget her dazzling, effervescent talent and the unique vitality and attraction of her voice and her acting ability.” He explained that the song was “full of special memories” for him, explaining why he had picked it as one of his favourites. Among the other songs Charles picked were ‘La Vie En Rose’ by Edith Piaf and ‘Upside Down’ by Diana Ross Another one of Charles’ picks was ‘Givin’ Up, Givin’ In’ by The Three Degrees, which the band performed at his 30th birthday in 1978. Charles said the song “long ago, used to provide me with an irresistible urge to get up and dance”. DON'T MISS:How ​​Princess Beatrix became one of Queen's close confidants [INSIGHT]Queen 'fatally embarrassing' mishap recounted: ‘God, it was awful’ [REVEALED]Expert details secret to Queen and Prince Philip’s enduring romance [QUOTES] Streisand, meanwhile, gave her own side of the story, joking that she could have had a role in the Royal Family had she had “played her cards right”. It was not the first time the pair had met, with another encounter occurring when she stayed at his Highgrove House country home. Streisand revealed that Charles sent her a bouquet of flowers, which she initially believed had been from a fan. Speaking on ITV’s Lorraine in August, she said: “I remember recording at Warner Brothers, I can’t remember the name of the song I was singing. “I was drinking tea and he asked to meet me, so he came to the recording studio and I offered him a sip of the tea and I thought 'Are they going to have to test me for poison or something?' No.” She continued: “We became friends and I loved spending some time at Highgrove for a weekend fundraiser, I remember going through his gardens. “The funny story about that is that my assistant at the time, I was staying in one of those great hotels, I walked by her room and I saw this bouquet of flowers and I said 'Who has sent me that?’ “She said, 'a fan, called Charles', I said 'really? Let me see the note', and there was his seal and they weren’t from like a florist because they were from his gardens and it’s a different look, she just mistook it for a fan you know, that’s Prince Charles!” Streisand added that Charles had sent her before he met Princess Diana. She said: “I had a very funny line on stage when he came to see the show, I said 'you know, if I’d played my cards right, I could have wound up being the first Jewish Princess!” ‘Barbra Streisand: Becoming an Icon 1942-1984’ airs on BBC Two at 1:10pm today. It is followed by Funny Girl, Barbra’s Oscar-winning film debut.