St George’s Day takes place every year on April 23, when Christian churches from across the country gather to commemorate the death of the patron saint of England. While this key date is widely recognised by Christians, St George’s Day is significant for the entire country, with many national celebrations scheduled to take place over the weekend to mark the event. Whether you plan on celebrating St George’s Day or not, these are the best greetings to use to wish your friends and family a good day. Also known as the Feast of St George, St George’s Day is used to remember the day when the saint died in 303 AD. The event is significant for England and several other countries that recognise Saint George as their patron, including Ethiopia, Portugal and Georgia - and cities including Freiburg and Beirut. Many paintings depict St George slaying a dragon, though the actual reason for his death is believed to be down to the martyr’s refusal to renounce his Christian faith for Roman Paganism. Although St George never visited England, the country adopted him as its saint in 1415 for his bravery and chivalry. READ MORE: Woman transforms her looks with permanent make-up St George’s Day can be celebrated in many ways, though a simple greeting is an easy way to mark this national occasion. Many people choose to wear patriotic clothing or fly a flag with St George’s cross above buildings and pubs. Sending written or spoken greetings to friends and family can be done in as many, or as few words as you like, and these are just some of the best ways to wish your loved ones a good day. Happy St George’s Day is the easiest way to observe April 23 with your nearest and dearest, so swap your standard “hello” for this patriotic greeting. For a lengthier message, you could try recognising St George’s dedication to his faith while sending well-wishes to others. You could say: "Let us celebrate an inspiring Roman soldier who stood firm in his belief in Christianity on the occasion of St George’s Day.” Or: “Saint George is the epitome of motivation as he is the one who lost his head for refusing to ditch his beliefs in Christianity. “Hope you have a motivated and peaceful St George’s Day.” DON'T MISS:POLL: Should St George's Day be a bank holiday? [INSIGHT]One in three Brits will celebrate St Patrick's Day more than St George [REVEAL]St George's Day fury: Ben Fogle blasts 'hijacking' of 'our flag'  [ANALYSIS] Other ways to recognise the event in a non-religious way would be to say: “One should always get inspired by Saint George’s wandering qualities of meeting new faces and making new friends, even if one is not religious or doesn’t believe in him.” Other greetings include: “Best wishes to you and the family on this precious St. George’s Day. Hope you have a joyous and peaceful day ahead.” “On this occasion of St George’s Day, let us remember him and celebrate the day with fun and love. Have a great St George’s Day ahead.” In the past, a traditional custom on St George's Day was to wear a red rose in your lapel - but not many people practise this today. More popular traditions include: