With spring in full force and temperatures on the up, houseplants may need a little more care. As the weather is steadily heating up and increased daylight hours, houseplants will start to need more water and different positioning. Houseplant owners will need to change their routines in order to keep their plants thriving in spring and through the summer months. Aloe vera houseplants will thrive as the weather gets warmer. However, tropical plants and flowering houseplants will need more consideration. Natalie Devereux, plant specialist at Serenata Flowers spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk on her expert tips for looking after houseplants in the heat. Although indoor plants need to be watered more frequently during the warmer months, pouring huge amounts of water on the plant will not be “effective”. READ MORE: Houseplants: Use eggshells to ‘boost’ the health of your plants She explained that watering houseplant little and often is “important” and that your “instinct” should be used to decipher whether a plant need watering. Natalie said: “We always recommend watering using your senses and instinct, not a schedule, and this is never more important than when the weather heats up. “Like us, your plants will be thirstier than normal, so it's important to give them a drink whenever they need it. “Pouring a large amount of water over your plant in one go will be ineffective as much of the water will run off the sides and straight out of the bottom. Instead, water little and often.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers using bleach - ‘cheap’ [COMMENT]Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows [EXPERT]Laundry: How to save money using your tumble dryer - ‘costs less’ [TIPS] Indoor plants need humidity levels between 40 and 60 percent, and suffer from stress when the humidity for houseplants is outside that range. On days that are more dry, it is essential to increase humidity levels for houseplants to thrive. The plant pro said: “On particularly warm, dry days it’s a good idea to increase the humidity to your plants to keep them cool. “Either do this by misting using a spray bottle or sit your plants on top of a saucer or tray with pebbles and fill it with water.” Houseplants that are particularly dry can also be left to sit in a bowl of water for a few minutes. Natalie said: “It’s also a good idea to let your plants sit in a bowl of water for no more than 10 minutes after watering to allow them to soak it up from the bottom, ensuring they are wet through.” However, she explained that it is crucial not to leave them there, or the roots “will rot, and all the good work will be undone”. In the winter, many houseplant owners will have moved their plants next to a window so they can capture the winter sun. Although, as the weather gets hotter houseplants should be kept away from sunny window sills. The plant guru said: “Much like humans, plants are sensitive to strong summer rays so the best thing you can do is find a shady spot. “Even if your plants do well on a sunny ledge the rest of the year, as the rays get stronger, you’ll find plants can start burning and bleaching.” Much like those who can become tetchy in the heat, plants are more stressed when the weather is warmer, and they go into survival mode, so this isn’t the time for unnecessary plant maintenance. Natalie advised: “Avoid using fertiliser, repotting, or any significant pruning and of course, stay clear of any oils which can cause the leaves to burn in the heat.”