Michael McIntyre’s Big Show has been off air throughout the coronavirus pandemic as restrictions meant certain elements of the series were unable to be filmed. The comedian would host the show in front of a live audience, which was not allowed at the height of the lockdown. But now restrictions have eased, Michael will be back winding up celebrity guests and causing chaos with public. BBC One confirmed Michael will host the series from Theatre Royal, Drury Lane. He is expected to film six episodes which will be on screens later this year. The show features segments including Send to All, Celebrity Midnight Gameshow and the Unexpected Star of the Show. New segments will be added to keep the series fresh and original. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Maya Stepney returns to take down Meena Jutla Speaking of his return, Michael said: “Three long years of no Unexpected Stars, of me not getting my hands on a single celebrity’s mobile phone, of people sleeping soundly without fear of me sneaking into their bedrooms. “Well the wait is over, the Big Show is back and we’ve used those three years to think of even bigger surprises and bigger laughs!” But it’s not just The Big Show which is returning but The Wheel is also in production once again. “And, as well as making stars of the unsuspecting public on the Big Show, I will be making another series of the show that literally revolves around me! Yes! The Wheel is spinning back too!” he added. “I’m elated that both shows are so beloved and returning to BBC One.” Both game shows are produced by Hungry McBear Media, with Holly Willoughby’s husband Dan Baldwin at the helm. Dan said of the news: “We can’t wait to bring two of the nation’s favourite Saturday night shows back to BBC One. “If you’ve missed seeing Gino D’Acampo in his pants at midnight, a firefighter singing Opera or Jamie Oliver texting everyone in his phone that he loves chicken nuggets - then you’re in for a real treat as Big Show’s returning! DON'T MISS...Dan Wootton blasts judge describing Insulate Britain as 'inspiring' [VIDEO]Wootton blasts 'hypocrite' Burley's calls for Johnson to resign  [WATCH]'Can't stand to look!' Meghan and Harry blasted over security row [VIDEO] "And Michael will once again be at the centre of TV’s biggest gameshow - The Wheel. See you there!" Kate Phillips, Director of Entertainment Commissioning, says: “We’re delighted that Michael McIntyre is bringing not one but two shows back to BBC One. “As always the Big Show will be full of big laughs, big surprises and so many memorable moments. “And we can’t wait to see more celebrities getting into a spectacular spin on The Wheel!" The celebrity line-up for the new series is yet to be confirmed but previous guests include Bradley Walsh, Cheryl, Olly Murs, Alan Shearer and Danny Dyer. Fans will no doubt be hoping a Christmas Special will be announced later in the year too. The Wheel will be the first to hit television screens before The Big Show returns later in the year.