Distraught Kelsey Parker was joined by the assembled funeral party in bidding Tom Parker a tearful goodbye. During her eulogy, Kelsey told the world of how she and The Wanted star had "lived 1000 lives" in their 13 years together - and would still be together now "if love alone could have saved him". The chart-topping The Wanted star's life was cut tragically short after an 18-month struggle with grade four glioblastoma - and today was the day to share a final goodbye. As those who loved him most honoured him in a heartbreaking send-off, Kelsey assured her late husband: "[The children] will always know how much you loved them. "And let's be honest, they now have the best guardian angel looking over them through life." READ NOW: Piers Morgan fires back as Laurence Fox brands him ‘chubby slug’ Promising that she would carry on his "legacy forever", she added a touching tribute to Tom's parents. “I just want to thank Noreen and Nigel for raising the man I fell in love with and bringing him into the world because he is my world," she declared. "Soulmates ... that is what we are. You were my best friend but more. "You are the one person in the world who knows me best and who I know better than anyone." "You are the one who accepted me and believed in me before anyone else did. "And we truly lived a 1000 years in 13 years. "We have had a lifetime together and I will carry you, my soulmate, with me until we meet again," she added. "Our souls are endless. I can still feel you with me now." DON'T MISS: Richard Madeley admits he isn't sure about GMB future after backlash Carol Kirkwood sets record straight on BBC Breakfast future Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’  In a final heart-wrenching display of emotion, Kelsey told him: "Remember I love you one more than you can ever say. "You will always be my angel Tommy boy in the sky. If love could have saved you, you would have lived forever. "I love you, babe, from your babe." After mourners heard her speech, she tearfully took the opportunity to tenderly kiss her other half's coffin while laying a single white flower on the top for her dearly departed husband. Tom had battled bravely until the end, enduring several chemotherapy sessions and a gruelling total of 30 radiotherapy sessions. Despite receiving positive news late last year that his tumour had shrunk and had remained stable, his condition sadly continued to deteriorate. In his final shows with The Wanted, the 33-year-old was confined to a wheelchair and had to wear sunglasses to hide the fact that the tumour had forced one of his eyes closed. Patients who, like Tom, have received a grade four glioblastoma diagnosis, typically live between three and 18 months after receiving the bad news. As he died surrounded by his family, Tom was listening to a song which perfectly encapsulated his attitude - Live Forever by Oasis. There was surely barely a dry eye spotted at his funeral this morning, with fans and members of the public all turning up to pay their respects.