Erik ten Hag has reportedly asked for the signing of Juventus star Paulo Dybala as he prepares to rebuild Manchester United. The Argentina international is poised to leave the Serie A giants after seven glittering years in Turin. However, any deal would be a gamble given the Red Devils’ issues with his fellow countrymen over the years. Manchester United are set for a big summer. And Dybala is being linked at a time where there is uncertainty over the futures of Cristiano Ronaldo, Edinson Cavani, Mason Greenwood and Anthony Martial for varying reasons. On his day, there’s no denying the former Palermo star can be one of the best players in world football. Yet while fans have a right to be excited over a potential deal for the forward, United’s issues with Argentinean players over the years suggest he would be a gamble. Not just problems on the pitch, but off them too. Juan Sebastian Veron joined United back in the summer transfer window of 2001, touching down from Lazio after sparkling in Serie A. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Despite having Roy Keane, Paul Scholes and Nicky Butt, Sir Alex Ferguson felt Veron would be a massive Old Trafford hit. However, though he had his moments, the 47-year-old was never able to live up to expectations during his time at the club. Veron was eventually sold to Chelsea after two underwhelming years and Ferguson later said: "Juan Veron was capable of exceptional football and was talented. But, at times, he found the Premiership a bit difficult. "He was a European player and that was where we got our best form from him. "He didn't want to go. His agent was speaking to Chelsea and he knew it was happening. "We had to look at the long-term view and, overall, the package we received was too good to turn down." DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Gabriel Heinze was a hit at United upon arriving in 2004. He made an instant impact at left-back, with supporters loving his tenacious approach and no-nonsense defensive style. But, off the field, Heinze became a problem. He tried to engineer a move to Liverpool in 2007, with Ferguson then blocking him from switching to Anfield and eventually selling the player to Real Madrid instead. Heinz later revealed his regret over that incident, saying: “I spent three years in Manchester and had some great moments and I regret it [leaving the club] a lot. “There are a lot of things I regret from the last months but I am a strong personality, Sir Alex is a strong personality. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “I took the decision and, looking back, I regret it because it meant leaving a great club and their supporters. “I was aware of the rivalry [with Liverpool], I knew the risk of going from Manchester to Liverpool and what it means. “I hope it doesn’t tarnish the way they [the supporters] see me and they will remember the three years I had in the team.” After Heinze, United signed Carlos Tevez. But though he was another hit, he was yet another problem away from the football pitch. Tevez eventually rocked United by leaving for Manchester City in 2009, where he’d go on to become an Etihad legend. And Ferguson was furious at his decision to join their fiercest rivals despite having other offers on the table. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Since Tevez, Heinze and Veron, United have also recruited Angel Di Maria and Marcos Rojo. Rojo was a good professional but wasn’t the talent Louis van Gaal expected him to be upon arriving in 2014. And Di Maria, barring a fine start to his United career, never made the grade as well. Out of all the Argentinean players to feature for the club, Sergio Romero may just be the best. And that speaks volumes given he spent the majority of his time with the Red Devils stuck on the bench. Ten Hag can be understood for admiring Dybala but United’s history suggests they wouldn’t be the right fit for the striker, who is also being linked with Arsenal and Tottenham.