Mr Parry explained that the Russians had never had a problem killing their fellow neighbours in Ukraine as they did so back in the 1930s and were not "squeamish." The military expert also discussed Mariupol, as this Ukrainian city is currently facing the worst bombardment from Russian forces, as it holds symbolic and strategic meaning to Russian President Vladimir Putin. The war in Ukraine has been waging for nearly two months now, with no sign of a peace agreement the war has raged on. Mr Parry warned that the world needed to watch carefully as he expects to see more atrocious war crimes being committed in Ukraine by Russian forces. Mr Farage said: "But Mariupol has been as we understand it, under sustained heavy artillery and air attack. "And talk of a very high civilian death toll." Mr Parry told GB News: "Yeah, there is no doubt, I mean I think we have to remember that the Russians weren't very squeamish about killing Ukrainians in the 1930s. "They're not too squeamish about doing it now, Mariupol has effectively become the mini Stalingrad of this conflict. JUST IN: Energy crisis: Sunak tipped to scrap £153 green levy: 'Millstone around necks!' Mr Parry added: "It's symbolic, it lies right at the heart of that land bridge that Putin wants to establish. "So it's really important both for symbolic and strategic reasons, so he wants it! "And he doesn't care whether he flattens it in the process, he wants the real estate. "It's as simple as that, and we're going to have to watch the Russians even more closely now because they're committing more and more war crimes as they try and achieve as you say, these objectives by the 9th of May."  READ MORE: Five men arrested after 'rival gang' shooting in broad daylight    Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has once again warned that the current onslaught in Mariupol could turn the city into a bloodbath. President Volodymyr Zelensky once again pleaded with allies in the West for more help and support to defend his country. He wrote in a post on Twitter: “Without additional weaponry, this war will become an endless bloodbath, spreading misery, suffering and destruction. “Mariupol, Bucha, Kramatorsk – the list will be continued. Nobody will stop Russia except Ukraine with Heavy Weapons.”  NATO's former Supreme Allied Commander General Philip Breedlove warned that Mariupol needed to be defended.  General Breedlove told times radio: “Mariupol is one of the most important ports in Ukraine”. “It is a big port for moving grain out through the Sea of Azov and into the Black Sea and into the world." Mr Breedlove added: “If we don’t do something to help defenders of Mariupol, they will eventually fall." “Russia has time because they are not being pressured at all and they are going to start and accomplish the objective."  