GB News hosts Isabel Webster and Eamonn Holmes spoke to John Hayward-Cripps, CEO of the Neighbourhood Watch Network, about a recent study which revealed organised gangs are being paid to dump household items across the country rather than dispose of them correctly. Eamonn shared his anger at the news, insisting the police should be involved and those who are caught fly-tipping should be handed bigger fines to deter them. Eamonn began: “A new study has revealed fly-tipping gangs, it’s organised, they’re getting money for doing this and they’re costing you through your council tax millions in councils across the country.” The GB News hosts were joined by John Hayward-Cripps who is the CEO of the Neighbourhood Watch Network and is working to tackle fly-tipping. Eamonn asked: “They’re on the look out for these fly-tippers are they?” “They are looking out for all sorts of crime but with fly-tipping, we all know it’s a real eyesore, people hate it, we all hate it,” John replied. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry “One of the most important things we can do is report it.” Isabel asked: “You’ve noticed is there’s a huge uptick of it in the last year and when we’re talking about fly-tipping, I mean, I think about things like mattresses, just like that. “I’ve seen toilets, believe it or not.” “Building waste, renovations,” Eamonn chipped in with his co-host agreeing: “Yeah and quite often in rural areas. “It could be at the gate of a field but it looks like urban waste. You’re seeing more and more of this?” John replied: “Yes certainly. Ramblers are reporting more and more of this particularly in the countryside as you say, lots of farmers reporting two or three baths being dumped in their field. “That can’t be from a house, that’s got to be builders and people renovating houses and someone’s got to move it. “We’ve had farmers moving it, we’ve had cases when farmers can’t plough on a particular day because they can’t get into their fields because there’s a load of stuff.” DON'T MISS...'Tell us the names!' Charlie Stayt turns up pressure on Ashworth [WATCH]Labour MP filmed 'sprinting' from GB News cameras after Starmer probe [VIDEO]Piers Morgan slams Meghan and Harry for 'exploiting Invictus Games' [EXCLUSVE] Angered, Eamonn asked: “Is there big enough deterrents against people doing this? “Are they being caught? Are the police interested? Do the police have resources to deal with this?” “That’s a complicated question but it’s usually councils that deal with fly-tipping unless it’s on a massive scale and then the police get involved,” John explained. “But they don’t particularly have resources. Last year, there was something like a 16 percent increase in fly-tipping over a million places but fixed penalty notices went down by 25 percent and prosecutions went down 50 percent as well.” Eamonn fumed: “Well, here’s the first thing, the police should be involved. We should be funding the police to do this. “If you go around in a squad car and are patrolling country lanes and well-known hotspots for this, you’re making it difficult for these people, you’re deterring them. “What the councils have to do is basically be involved in the clean-up, the catch up operation of this.” Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays on GB News from 6am.