The Tesla chief executive and world’s richest person revealed in a regulatory filing on Thursday that he had launched a hostile takeover of Twitter. He further confirmed the move in a public appearance at the TED conference in Vancouver later that day.  During an interview with Chris Anderson, Ted conferences curator and a former editor of Wired, Mr Musk said: “Having a public platform that is massively trusted and broadly inclusive is extremely important to the future of civilization.” Discussing the move on GB News, Dan Wootton asked British rapper Zuby what he thinks about Mr Musk and his proposal. Zuby said: “I think we live in very interesting and unprecedented times. “I have never seen a move like this, let alone be able to see it play out in the real world, as we are saying.  “I think, Elon, beyond any type of politics, Elon Musk is a disrupter. I have been on the Twitter platform for over 12 years. “As time has gone on, it’s become a lot more censorious, they have moved against their original free speech principles. “I think the fact this is even shining a spotlight on the censorship effect and what’s going on Twitter for those who may not even be aware. I think that in itself is very powerful. “From a business perspective, having $200 billion-plus dollars is a lot to throw around, whether or not Twitter will accept the deal that remains to be seen.”  READ MORE: Putin issues nuclear threat - vows to send weapons into Europe if Swed In a letter to Twitter's chair Bret Taylor Musk said the site was not thriving as a company or a tool for improving freedom of speech, and “needs to be transformed as a private company”. In a statement, Twitter confirmed it had received the “unsolicited” proposal and that the board would “carefully review” it to “determine the course of action that it believes is in the best interest of the company and all Twitter stockholders”. Speaking on BBC Newsnight, Twitter’s former head of News Vivian Schiller said: “I think we have to carefully use the word ‘serious’ when we are talking about Elon Musk. “Obviously, he is a very successful businessman but he certainly enjoys throwing bombs on Twitter.  DON'T MISS:US can’t ‘take lightly’ Putin's nuclear threat, warns CIA chief ‘Leading from front’ Remainer Stanley Johnson U-turns on UK's EU exitRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's 'shocking' snub “Twitter is one of his favourite platforms and it’s a lot of fun for him to be the centre of attention on Twitter. “If nothing happens, he has dominated the news story which, I think, is one of his goals “It doesn’t seem like a serious bid, he hasn’t explained how he is going to finance it.” 