The move means households will have to switch over to LED alternatives when their halogen lights eventually stop working. Although pricier to buy initially, LED lights are said to provide savings on electricity bills in the long run. With many conscious of energy bills due to the price cap rise last week, one expert has shared how switching is the way forward. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Giuliano Ghidini, Commercial Consumer Lead, Signify UK&I, explained: “Quite simply put, halogen lamps are extremely inefficient in their use of electricity. “In fact, halogen lamps use around 10 times the energy of LED lamps. “LED lights last five times longer and have an average lifespan of 15 years, and generate up to 90 percent less heat than incandescent bulbs, making LED bulbs good for both the planet and our pockets. “Flicking off the switch on energy inefficient light bulbs is a simple way that households can save money, at the same time saving the planet. READ MORE: How to clean a shower cubicle - five things you should always do “Phasing out halogen bulbs in favour of LED alternatives that last longer, are just as bright and cheaper to run, is another way that we are helping to tackle climate change.” According to the expert, a UK home on average, has 15 halogen bulbs on for three hours each day. After the energy cap change, the conversion could save £1.24billion due to the significantly lower running costs LED lights come with. The expert added: “This represents an opportunity to save £50 per household per annum. DON'T MISS:How to get rid of ‘pesky’ slugs and snails - ‘they will struggle’ [EXPERT]Weeds: 'Very effective' way to get rid of weeds - 'kills everything' [COMMENT]Energy: Use a hob to cook and wash clothing at a cooler temperature [INSIGHT] “Given that there are more lamps to replace in the homes of those in fuel poverty, the positive impact would be greater there. “The initial expense of purchasing LED’s for your entire home will be made back in energy savings and LED bulbs require less heat to run and last much longer, so the need to buy replacements will be significantly less frequently. “In fact, technological development has made it possible for us to develop the Philips A class Ultra-Efficient LED light bulb that uses new technology to cut carbon emissions, reduce mate rate and lower energy usage. “With an amazing 50,000 hour lifetime, that translates into a lifetime of 50 years.” Energy efficient light bulbs can significantly reduce waste, energy bills as well as stopping the hassle of changing them so often. Last year, the Government said 1.26 million tonnes of CO2 could be cut by the switch to LED lights, the equivalent to removing over 500,000 cars from UK roads. New labels have also appeared on boxes, with energy efficiency now displayed on a scale from A to G. This will help consumers make the right choice and pick the most environmentally friendly lights. Fluorescent light bulbs will also be removed from shelves from September 2023. These types of lights are typically used in offices, such as strip lights. Last year, the Chief Executive of Signify UK&I, Stephen Rouatt, said: “We welcome the Government’s next step in the transition towards more sustainable lighting products. “Using energy-efficient LED equivalents for halogen and fluorescent lighting on an even broader scale will significantly help the UK on its journey to decarbonisation, as well as lowering the annual electricity bills for consumers.”