According to the plan, Mr Buttigieg will travel to the Netherlands this week to lead a presidential delegation to the Invictus Games, an international sporting competition for wounded veterans. The Games are an international sporting event for “wounded, injured and sick Servicemen and women,” and have been held four times since its debut in 2014.  This year marks the fifth Invictus Games and will see more than 500 competitors from 20 nations compete in a series of adaptive sports. Participants will compete in ten sports - athletics, weightlifting, hand archery, indoor rowing, a Land Rover driving challenge, wheelchair basketball, wheelchair rugby, cycling, sitting volleyball and swimming. The White House said that Mr Buttigieg and his husband, Chasten Buttigieg, will be at the Hague for the event, which Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle are also attending. The Transport Secretary will be in attendance for the opening ceremony and speak at a welcome event for the US team.  This is the second international trip on behalf of the Biden administration by Mr Buttigieg, who has sought to burnish his foreign policy credentials as he considers whether to run for President again in the coming years. Before his 2020 Presidential bid, Mr Buttigieg was deployed to Afghanistan as a Naval Reserve officer while he was serving as mayor of South Bend, Indiana. In November, Buttigieg travelled to Glasgow, Scotland, for the COP26 UN climate summit. Prince Harry launched the Invictus Games in London 2014, after seeing a British team compete at the US Warrior Games in Colorado in 2013, a competition for wounded servicemen in the US. READ MORE: Is your MP supporting Boris? Full list of MPs backing the PM The Duke said in a press release: “At its heart, the Invictus Games is about empowering every single person around the world. “It’s a worldwide display of resilience, determination, and community for which each of us can draw inspiration.” The Duchess of Sussex will join Prince Harry at the Invictus Games in the Hague for the first few days, confirmed a spokesperson for the couple.  DON'T MISS:Fears migrant crisis is ‘human smuggling at its worst’ Boris savaged for ‘using’ Ukraine to ‘save his own skin’ Boris Johnson did not flout Covid rules with ‘malice'