The Duke and Duchess of Sussex signed an £112million deal with the online company in 2020, after stepping back as full-time royals. However, as Netflix saw around $40billion (£30.7billion) knocked off its value on the stock market on Tuesday, the couple could be set for disappointment as the company reassesses its business model. Some have speculated that the Duke’s recent surprise visit to see the Queen, which was met with a mixed response, may have even been motivated by the company’s desire to generate publicity. In a call with investors, Netflix announced it had lost around 200,000 subscribers in the first three months of the year, citing a rise in the cost of living in its key markets such as the UK and US. It had originally predicted a rise of 2.5 million. The Russian invasion of Ukraine had seen the company pull out of the Russian market, losing it 700,000 subscribers. The company is now considering offering a more affordable subscription that comes with advertising, something it has previously been vehemently opposed to. READ MORE: Netflix may soon bombard you with ads! Streaming service plans change Reed Hastings, Netflix CEO, said: “Those who have followed Netflix know that I've been against the complexity of advertising, and a big fan of the simplicity of subscription. “But, as much as I'm a fan of that, I'm a bigger fan of consumer choice.” Netflix is now predicting that it will lose two million subscribers in the next quarter, and its poor performance had a knock-on effect on the value of similar stocks in Disney, Roku and Warner Bros, which owns HBO. According to the Telegraph, 215,000 Netflix, Amazon Prime and Disney+ accounts were terminated in the first quarter in the UK alone. Netflix has so far attributed the loss of subscribers to the belt-tightening spurred on by the coronavirus pandemic. But following publication of the latest business figures, commentators claimed it may be the “woke” nature of Netflix’s programming that is turning users away. Elon Musk, the Tesla and SpaceX CEO, tweeted this morning (Wednesday), that the “woke mind virus is making Netflix unwatchable” — in reference to recent shows such as Bridgerton, a costume drama that uses colour-blind casting and reportedly is the streamer’s most popular English-language show. Similarly, Chuck Callesto, a US political strategist, and George Papadopoulos, a former member of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign team, both parroted the moniker: “Go woke, go broke”. DON'T MISSEasyjet 11-hour nightmare flight lands back in Bristol [INSIGHT]EU fury as bloc arms Russian war machine [REACTION]Russians in 'denial' over war crimes in Ukraine, recording suggests [REPORT]  As Netflix seeks to stem its losses by assessing its business model, the streaming company may look at its expensive deals to see if they are value for money. Despite agreeing the deal with the Duke and Duchess almost two years ago, the couple have so far not put out any programming through the streaming service. “Heart of Invictus”, the docuseries following Prince Harry, will be their first. The Duchess of Sussex has revealed some details of an animated series about a girl who goes on a “journey of self-discovery”, though no firm release date for the series has been given. Writing in the Mail, Sarah Vine wrote: “Why would Harry — who has shown no obvious regard for his grandmother’s feelings of late, and couldn’t even be bothered to show up for his own beloved grandfather’s memorial — choose this moment to take time out from his busy Netflix schedule? “I’m sure the inevitable drama of such a moment would have delighted Harry and Meghan’s paymasters at Netflix no end. “After all, what could be better for business than the pair of them up there, grinning and waving next to the Queen?” Other commentators also noted the apparent incongruity: political activist Darren Grimes tweeted: “Prince Harry was SO worried about the Queen and ensuring she had ‘the right people around her’ that he brought a Netflix crew and didn’t attend his grandfather’s memorial. “Each time you think this man cannot detach himself further from self-awareness, he asks you to hold his beer.” Meanwhile, broadcaster Sophie Corcoran commented that the Duke and Duchess “love privacy so much they want to be followed around by a Netflix crew 24/7”.