Barcelona want to land Robert Lewandowski in this summer’s transfer window as they plan for a brighter future under Xavi. And reports claim Bayern Munich are open to parting ways with the Poland international if they get Gavi in return. The 17-year-old has burst onto the scene this term and is regarded as one of world football’s best prospects for the future. Lewandowski has been in astonishing form for Bayern this term, scoring 47 goals across all competitions under Julian Nagelsmann. But with the Bundesliga giants yet to meet his contract demands, it’s possible the 33-year-old will leave the Allianz Arena at the end of the campaign. Lewandowski wants a three-year extension but Bayern, planning economically, only want to extend his existing deal by a year. Amid his issues in Bavaria, talk has been rife Barcelona want to land the veteran at the end of the campaign. And Sport say that, while Bayern aren’t interested in a swap deal involving any of their big names, they are willing to make an exception if they get Gavi in return. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Gavi has burst onto the scene this season, shining under Xavi since the Spaniard’s appointment earlier in the campaign. He’s been linked with a move to Liverpool, with Jurgen Klopp appearing to be a big admirer of the teenager. But Barcelona have no interest in letting the midfielder go. Instead, they’re seeking to renew Gavi’s contract and ensure he stays in Catalonia for many years ahead. Another player Bayern have held a past interest in is Sergino Dest, who has blown hot and cold throughout his spell in La Liga. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But they’re unlikely to accept him as part of any Lewandowski swap deal due to the fact they’re closing in on Ajax’s Noussair Mazraoui. What ultimately happens with Lewandowski remains to be seen. Yet, even as he enters the twilight years of his career, there’s no denying the Poland international would be a good asset for Barcelona if they’re able to bring him in. Barcelona have signed five players from the Bundesliga over the years. Allan Simonsen touched down from Borussia Monchengladbach side in 1979 and won the Copa del Rey during his time in La Liga. Patrik Andersson arrived from Bayern in 2001 after winning the Champions League but, due to injuries, never fulfilled his potential with Barcelona. In 2014, Barca raided Monchengladbach for Marc-Andre ter Stegen - who has been their No 1 virtually ever since. And Arturo Vidal and Ousmane Dembele have also swapped Germany for Catalonia over the past decade, arriving from Bayern and Borussia Dortmund respectively. Bayern chief Oliver Kahn, meanwhile, was adamant Lewandowski wouldn’t be allowed to leave when quizzed on the matter last week. “We definitely have Robert with us for another season,” said the former goalkeeper. “We know what we have in him and we're relaxed about it. “Apparently, there's a competition out there: ‘'Who will tell the biggest nonsense story about Robert Lewandowski?'’ Talks will continue. “We are not crazy and we will not be discussing the transfer of a player who scores between 30 and 40 goals with us every season.”