The SNP has put securing a second referendum on Scottish independence at the centre of its local election manifesto, launched on Friday at an event in Greenock. Ahead of local elections on May 5, the manifesto stressed that SNP-led councils would endorse the holding of a referendum by the end of next year. Although the holding of a legally-binding vote on Scottish independence being a matter for Holyrood and Westminster rather than local councillors, the SNP listed support for the indyref2 under its key elections pledges. Ms Sturgeon insisted the cost-of-living crisis and local services are at the forefront of her party’s manifesto. However, Scotland’s First Minister has drawn criticism for opposition figures for using the local elections to help her push for another referendum when local issues should be the priority. Miles Briggs, Scottish Conservative Shadow Secretary for Local Government, told Express.co.uk: “These council elections ought to be about voters’ local priorities, yet the SNP’s manifesto proudly proclaims that their councillors’ focus will be on helping Nicola Sturgeon’s push for another divisive independence referendum. “Voters can be in no doubt that if they elect SNP councillors next month, the state of their roads, the frequency of bin collections and rising council tax bills will just be background issues for a party for whom the constitution trumps everything else.  “In fact, there’s no mention of potholes or rubbish collections in a manifesto devoid of new ideas from a party that is clearly taking voters for granted. “In stark contrast, Scottish Conservative councillors will be totally focused on voters’ local priorities – rather than Nicola Sturgeon’s self-serving ones. “They will fight the SNP Government’s brutal cuts to local services and their centralisation agenda, while nationalist councillors remain compliantly silent.” A key pledge in the manifesto unveiled on Friday states local councillors will back the SNP’s plans to hold a second independence referendum during the first half of its parliamentary term. The public could be asked to decide on the constitution by the end of 2023, Ms Sturgeon said. Defending her party’s decision to push for independence during the local election campaign, Ms Sturgeon said: “The manifesto is very clear that the priority for SNP councillors will be the cost-of-living crisis and local services.  “But I don’t think it is going to surprise anybody that SNP councillors will support the Scottish Government’s proposals for a referendum in the first half of this parliament. “And of course, that is a mandate that was won at the election last year and one that therefore democratically I have not just a determination to but arguably a duty to proceed with because that’s what I put to people in the election last year.” READ MORE: Sturgeon rubbished by Tory MSP  The news comes days after the SNP leader said she would likely stand down from her position if Scotland voted against independence again. During an appearance on ITV's Loose Women earlier this week, Ms Sturgeon was asked what she would do if another referendum was held and the majority of the population voted to remain in the UK. The leader responded: “I suspect I would make way for someone else. “But I'm not contemplating that at the moment.” She added that she believes “when Scotland next votes on independence it will vote yes”. The SNP is strongly committed to holding another independence referendum. Ms Sturgeon’s party had previously said such a vote should be held after the COVID-19 crisis had passed. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin red-faced as he is read out REAL Russian death [LIVE]Mystery grips Russia after FOUR 'suicides' linked to Putin [BREAKING]Cornwall fury at lack of Brexit cash slapped down in angry exchange [LATEST]  However, Prime Minister Boris Johnson ruled out another referendum last month being held while Europe is grappling with Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Speaking at the Scottish Conservative conference in Aberdeen in March, Mr Johnson said: “This is not the time for yet more delectable disputations about the constitution when our European continent is being ravished by the most vicious war since 1945 and when public service and the economy need to recover from the pandemic. “When we face so many challenges but when we also have so much going for us and so much to look forward to, let's put that endless confected division behind us and let's take this country forward in a way that makes us all proud - delivering prosperity and opportunity at home and giving leadership that makes us a force for good around the world.” Other pledges in the SNP's local election manifesto committed councillors to keeping people’s tax bills “as low as possible” as the UK grapples with the ongoing cost of living crisis. The SNP has also repeated a pledge to scrap council tax for anyone in Scotland under the age of 22, a promise made in the party’s Holyrood election manifesto last year. The manifesto also pledges to make “significant progress” towards the target of 110,000 more affordable homes by 2032, with 70 percent of them to be allocated for social rent. Elected SNP officials will also work with the Scottish Government to build a National Care Service to improve community health and social care delivery. 