Mr Thompson wants to warn others of the scam which almost cost him £7,999. Scam Interceptors presenter Rav Wilding called it a “cruel scam” and urged others to be on their guard. Scammers posing as representatives of online retail giant Amazon are targeting the public via email and telephone in a series of phishing scams. One such call was intercepted this morning (April 20) on the BBC’s Scam Interceptor programme presented by Rav Wilding. The scammer was trying to con caller Mr Thompson out of £7,999 in savings by convincing him that he had made a mistake. Presenter Rav Wilding said: “I think this is such a cruel part of this scam." READ MORE: 'Raving about it’ Savings account offering 1.5 percent is MSE top pick  Mr Wilding continued: “They use shame essentially - to shame the person on the receiving end into believing that their mistake has led to a situation in which they owe money to the scammers. “So they didn’t put £79 and 99 pence onto the form, they put £7,999 on the form. “Now we could see when this man filled out their fake form that he did put £79.99 but the scammer is now trying to persuade him actually he’s made a terrible mistake and he’s requested a refund of almost £8,000. “It’s so unfair, it’s cruel.” "It’s making people feel guilty and ashamed like they’ve made a mistake of some kind when we know that’s not true.” DON'T MISS:Claim these 7 State Pension top-ups now - see if you're entitled [UPDATE]Man, 77, issues warning after being targeted for £6,000 in scam call [WARNING]Attendance Allowance to be replaced with new DWP benefit [ALERT]  Although the caller didn’t lose any money on this occasion, he did come close to falling for it as he was at work and a little distracted. The show's scam expert advised: “Never give anyone access to devices. “Be cautious about being contacted out of the blue. “Remove any software the scammers asked you to install.” This is just one of a number of scams currently doing the rounds. Currently, fraudsters are using the cost of living crisis, situation in Ukraine and COVID-19 pandemic as bait to send people fake messages. Mr Thompson was lucky, however many others have fallen prey and lost their life savings. TSB Bank has issued some advice for people who are worried. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea TSB said it would never: 