It is looking likely that Anthony Joshua will have to contest his world heavyweight title rematch with Oleksandr Usyk abroad this summer rather than in the UK. Last September, AJ lost his WBA (Super), IBF, WBO and IBO heavyweight titles to the Ukrainian, who comfortably outclassed the former champion to win via decision. The Brit’s promoter Eddie Hearn wants the rematch to go ahead at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium - where their September bout was fought - as he believes a home crowd in London could inspire Joshua to victory. However, complications appear to have risen. Saudi Arabia have reportedly made a site offer which could potentially generate twice as much revenue as staging the bout in north London. On top of that, Hearn revealed Usyk would prefer to fight on an international stage. “If contracts and site fees that have been offered come to fruition, it would make going to the UK very difficult for us to get Usyk to do, quite frankly,” the Matchroom Boxing boss told Mirror Sport. “We can see it from their point of view, ‘why would I bother going back to England for half the money?’. READ MORE: Dillian Whyte shares criticism of Tyson Fury undercard “We can’t take a site that pays significantly less to Usyk. We want to go to London, it would be a big advantage for AJ to take this fight back to London, but if a site fee generates double the money, there’s no way Usyk will allow us to go to London. So we do have to take that into consideration, but AJ is ready to fight wherever the fight takes place. “We’ve had a number of offers and dates. We’re going through the contracts at the moment and we’ll see where it will be, but I think two weeks to sort everything out is a good yardstick.” DON'T MISS Fury causes a stir as drugs cheat Miller joins camp for Whyte fightAnthony Joshua 'proud' of Will Smith for hitting Chris Rock Anthony Joshua v Oleksandr Usyk set for Saudi Arabia as date revealed After originally returning to his native Ukraine to defend the country from the Russian invasion, Usyk is currently training outside his homeland after being awarded an exemption to leave. Hearn said Usyk’s team convinced the world champion that the best way to represent his country is by facing Joshua in their rematch. “He’s ready to fight,” Hearn added. “He’s spoken to people who’ve made him feel comfortable with fighting. People see it as a good opportunity for Ukraine to be represented on a global sporting stage and he’s ready to fight.”