Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola issued a sarcastic reply after being asked about his tactics in the Champions League on Monday. The Citizens boss is preparing his side for their quarter-final showdown with Atletico Madrid.  “Always I overthink, always create new tactics, new ideas,” Guardiola told reporters. "And tomorrow we will see a new one. I overthink a lot - that’s why I’ve had very good results in the Champions League. "The movements from Liverpool are completely different than Atletico Madrid especially because the players are different. Every player has a mother and father and the mother and father have a different personality and they’re different types of players. “And I have to adapt and adjust. That’s why I love to overthink and create stupid tactics again. So this is the reason why. Tonight I will take inspiration and I’m going to do incredible tactics tomorrow. We’ll play with 12 tomorrow.” READ MORE: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds    Guardiola has helped City dominate English football since taking the helm at the Etihad Stadium in 2016 and has led his team to three Premier League titles in five seasons. The Spaniard has also won four League Cups and the FA Cup during his time in Manchester. But he has struggled in the Champions League and City are yet to get their hands on the trophy, despite consistently reaching the knockout stages. During his first season in charge, City were knocked out by Monaco in the last 16 even though they had won the first leg 5-3. And the following season they were beaten by eventual finalists Liverpool in the quarter-finals. In the 2018/19 campaign, the Citizens were stunned by Tottenham in the last eight as Spurs went on to lose to Liverpool in the final. And during the COVID-19-hit 2019/20 season, City were again dispatched in the quarter-finals as Lyon got the better of them. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford jobTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle winLiverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader'   But Guardiola’s side looked set to put all the misery behind them last season as they reached the final of the competition for the first time in their history, where they came up against Thomas Tuchel’s Chelsea. City were favourites to land the trophy but were beaten 1-0 as Kai Havertz scored the only goal of the game. And many pundits have claimed that Guardiola employs self-sabotaging tactics on the big occasions. But the 51-year-old, who won the Champions League twice as a manager with Barcelona, appears to be fed-up with those accusations judging by his response on Monday. City will go head-to-head with Atletico after seeing off Sporting Lisbon in the round of 16 last month. And Guardiola will be desperate to help his side take one step closer to the semi-finals ahead of the return leg in Spain. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here