Matteo is still best-known over here for his famous father, with whom he is currently on tour and already duetted on the smash hit Fall On Me from the Disney movie The Nutcracker and the Four Realms. The  24-year-old is set to release his debut solo album very soon and has just lined up another superstar collaboration. Encanto was the sleeper hit for Disney that has become the biggest chart success of any Disney or Pixar animated feature. The break-out song We Don't Talk About Bruno topped global charts, while the moving ballad Dos Orguitas was also nominated for an Academy Award. Its singer Sebastián Yatra is already a huge star in his native Colombia and across South America and performed teh song live at last week's Oscars ceremony. Now the two young singing sensations are set to make hears swoon across the globe with their power ballad Until She's Gone, and you can listen to a preview below. The dishy duo will cleverly release the song not only in English but also Spanish and Italian with the titles Tu Luz Quedó and Un Attimo Di Te. Sebastian said: "It’s official! We are joining forces on Until she’s gone, our new single, an emotional tale of love and heartbreak, out on April 8. In Italian he also called it "a romantic and enchanting super ballad" and added a sneak peak at the lyrics in Spanish: "Tu amor siempre será mi luz, y donde esté me guías tú." Which translated means: "Your love will always be my light and you guide me to where it is." The excited pair also shared a quick clip of them Facetiming in an adorable mix of Italian and Spanish where they say how happy they are because their new single is coming out on April 8. Matteo has been keeping his fans very happy after a long two-year wait for his own solo material. Over the past few months he has dropped new singles Close, Solo and Dime (Dimmi in Italian). All while he is still busy on the North American leg of his father's new tour – along with his younger half-sister Virginia, who also joins in the fun with her father on their signature duet of Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah.