Jessica Koravos, president of the Really Useful Group, which promotes the shows of Andrew Lloyd Webber around the world, told MPs on the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee about the complexities of staging British productions in the EU in the wake of Brexit. Ms Koravos said it was “more straightforward and less expensive” to bring in a production from China. She told MPs: “Under the current circumstances, I would not dream of sending a UK production into Europe. "I have in fact just made a decision to take a production that has been out together in China of Phantom of the Opera and bring that into the EU because it's more straightforward and less expensive." Asked why it is more straightforward to bring a production from thousands of miles away in China, she added: "Because you can put it together as a unit touring company where its a single application for the company that goes into the Schengen Area and you get one permission for the whole production instead of having to deal with a series of individuals." Conservative MP Julian Knight, who is chair of the committee, said the situation was "economically disastrous". He added: “That one of the all-time great British musical impresarios would not now dream of taking a production rich in West End heritage into the EU from Britain speaks volumes about the impact of the Government’s approach to supporting touring creatives." Tory MP Steve Brine added that the “rubber is about to hit the road” as post-Brexit touring issues emerge following Covid lockdowns. It comes as there has been an increase in the complicated and costly procedures associated with touring since the UK left the EU. READ MORE: ‘We voted to leave EU!’ Lib Dem single market plan DECIMATED  Earlier this month, Lord Frost acknowledged there were post-Brexit touring issues. The former Brexit minister said: “We should take another look at mobility issues. “There is a whole set of problems here that is making life difficult on both sides: youth mobility, movement of specialists like musicians and artists.” It comes as a UK charity this week announced financial support for musicians navigating costs and red tape while touring Europe post-Brexit. DON'T MISSProject fear humiliated as Australia dubs UK 'world leader' [INSIGHT]UK turbocharged as Boris hails £28.5billion SURGE in Aussie investment [ANALYSIS] Brexit LIVE: Leaving bloc unshackles UK outlook on crop production [LIVE BLOG] Help Musicians has announced a £250,000 fund to help people continue to perform abroad - particularly in Europe. The charity's chief executive James Ainscough said: "It is vital that musicians start touring again, at home and abroad, to get back to live performance, grow their fanbase and earn much-needed income. "Tours are costly and risky, so our £250,000 will support musicians who are ready to take the plunge and drive their careers forward. "In addition, musicians now need extra support to arrange international tours because post-Brexit there is much complexity which can lead to career-ending consequences if the admin is not done right."