The French leader has seen off the challenge of far-right candidate Marine Le Pen for the second time today in a historic vote that had all of Europe watching impatiently. Voting closed at 7pm (GMT) with exciting polling showing a comfortable win for Macron. The result has seen Gilet Jaunes (Yellow Vests) protesters take to the streets of the French capital this evening while in other cities violent demonstrations erupted. Violent clashes have been seen in cities right across France. Protestors clashed with police and set bins on fire in the city of Rennes, northwestern France. At Place de la République in the centre of Paris stun grenades and tear gas were fired by riot police against angry demonstrators. Footage of the clashes shows French police baton-charging a crowd of protestors in abid to clear the streets.   Gilet Jaunes protesters have been taking to the streets of Paris all week, calling for "anything but Macron". The first projections showed Macron securing around 57-58 percent of the vote. Such estimates are normally accurate but may be fine-tuned as official results come in from around the country. Cheers of joy erupted as the results appeared on a giant screen at the Champ de Mars park at the foot of the Eiffel tower, where Macron supporters waved French and EU flags. In contrast, a gathering of dejected Le Pen supporters erupted in boos and whistles as they heard the news at a sprawling reception hall on the outskirts of Paris. READ MORE: Putin filmed 'grimacing and biting his lip' in latest Kremlin footage  Macron can expect little to no grace period after many, especially on the left only voted for him reluctantly to block the far-right from winning. Protests that marred part of his first mandate could erupt again quite quickly, as he tries to press on with pro-business reforms. "There will be continuity in government policy because the president has been reelected. But we have also heard the French people's message," Health Minister Olivier Veran told BFM TV. A first major challenge will be the parliamentary elections. They are just around the corner, in June, and opposition parties on the left and right will immediately start a major push to try to vote in a parliament and government opposed to Macron. DON'T MISS:French election LIVE: Macron 'breaches rules' on polling day [LIVE BLOG]Moscow in FLAMES: Misery for Putin as huge plumes of smoke engulf sky [VIDEO]Brexit LIVE: Victory as UK to scrap 'insane' EU law [ANALYSIS] Prime Minister Boris Johnson has congratulated Emmanuel Macron on his election win. "Congratulations to @EmmanuelMacron on your re-election as President of France," Johnson said on Twitter. "France is one of our closest and most important allies. "I look forward to continuing to work together on the issues which matter most to our two countries and to the world." 