Jessica, now 35, took part in the 2016 series of The Apprentice and managed to make it all the way to the final five. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the entrepreneur talked about how the BBC show helped her with her new business venture which she was able to focus on years after leaving the show following an initial period that left her feeling "lost" and wondering what she really wanted. Jessica appeared as an energetic and motivated candidate but admitted she was unhappy following her stint on the show because the television opportunities that followed caused her to lose her way. "I think with The Apprentice, I went through what was called 'the dark night of the soul'," she explained. "And I just felt really lost. And then I developed the Belief Coding, and it just made me find myself again. "And that's what it does for women. It helps them completely transform their life in a couple of hours. READ MORE: The Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik speaks on reuniting with co-star "It's phenomenal. And also one I say is you transform your belief system to transform your life." Jessica's Belief Coding website describes the practice as "my own personal method and a beautiful means of accessing your subconscious and working with the 'reflection' of yourself". Jessica's inspiration came long after being on the show because immediately after her time in the competition she began to explore TV opportunities. She appeared on Celebrity Big Brother in 2017 and was the seventh housemate to be evicted. The businesswoman admitted: "You know what? I think that was probably the most miserable that I've ever been." She continued: "When you go into a TV show, you think it's going to be fantastic and you think all of these things are going to happen. "And the reality of it is actually when you come off the TV, it's actually quite depressing but you feel like you have to live up to other people's expectations. "And I think the year, and a good 12 months after coming off The Apprentice and everything happening, it really kind of made me question who I was and what I actually wanted. DON'T MISS... Why isn't The One Show on BBC One tonight? [LATEST]Amanda Holden talks future of Britain's Got Talent '20 more years' [EXCLUSIVE]MasterChef contestant breaks down in tears over family recipe dish [VIDEO] "And that's really when I had my biggest breakthrough because finishing with TV. "From my personality point of view, it's probably the lowest that I've been. "Whereas now I'm away from that, it's kind of the happiest I've ever been. "But you don't expect that to happen when you apply for a TV show." Jessica advised others hoping to appear on The Apprentice to remain focused on their business goals. "A lot of people, when they go on it, they lose sight of their business," she explained. "And that's certainly what I did a little bit and I lost myself. Whereas now, me being an entrepreneur and a businesswoman, it's very much who I am." The Apprentice is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.