The GB News host slammed The Sun newspaper for running a headline saying that Donald Trump “storms out” of a long-awaited interview with Piers Morgan. He said that there was only one “simple” way to describe that headline, that “it is fake news”. Mr Farage went on to play a recording of the end of the conversation between Mr Trump and Mr Morgan in which the pair appear to exchange pleasantries before the former President asks them to “turn the camera off”. Mr Farage said: “Here’s the point about that Sun front page ‘Ex-Prez storms out on Morgan’. “The impression was given in this newspaper and elsewhere that Trump had lost his rag and stormed out because he simply could not take it. “Well, I tell you what, there is only one way to describe that news headline. It’s very simple: it is fake news.” Mr Farage then played an audio in which Piers Morgan can be heard exchanging pleasantries with Mr Trump. He says: “That was a great interview. Thank you very much. I really appreciate it.” Mr Trump then asks Mr Morgan to turn the camera off.  Mr Farage added: “So the interview is over. Morgan says thank you, that was a great interview. Trump says yeah. It’s over. It’s done. “There is no way, absolutely no way, no way at all, that Trump stormed out of that meeting. It’s a completely inaccurate, dishonest representation of what happened.” Mr Farage went on to consider the implications of the false claims made by The Sun that Mr Trump left the interview abruptly and on bad terms. He cited Crowngate, where the BBC falsely alleged that the Queen stormed out of a photo shoot. The BBC chief was then forced to resign over the scandal. READ MORE: 'Hope you and Putin get together' Trump raises eyebrows as Zelensky me [REPORT]  Piers Morgan wrote in a New York Post column that Mr Trump had ended the interview by “abruptly jumping to his feet”. He said: that Trump jumped up “looking hateful, and barked at the shocked crew: ‘TURN THE CAMERAS OFF!’ “Then he turned on his heel, and sloped angrily off through a side door, loudly muttering, 'SO dishonest …’.” But Taylor Budowich, Mr Trump’s communications director, claimed the video trailer depicting the former President storming off was deceptively spliced to make his departure look abrupt. DON'T MISS: Piers Morgan says Donald Trump ‘foamed at the mouth’ in angry showdown [REVEAL]GB News: Nigel Farage appears to confirm Trump run [INSIGHT]Unearthed clip shows how Trump would be handling Ukraine war [REVEAL] Mr Budowich said that the video had been edited to make it look like Trump had said “turn the camera off” as he was getting out of his chair. The communications director denied this timeline and claimed that it had been manufactured for dramatic purposes. He told NBC: “This is a pathetic attempt to use President Trump as a way to revive the career of a failed television host. “It is also another example of President Trump being right, as he told Piers Morgan that the host was dishonest to his face and Piers, for the first time in his life, didn't disappoint.”