The French presidential election is set to be one of the country's most watched political races in decades. Emmanuel Macron is seeking a second term in office this month for the first time in his life. The incumbent is widely seen as the leading candidate as France goes to the polls on Sunday in the first-round of voting. President Macron became the youngest president in France’s history when he defeated his rival, Marine Le Pen, five years ago. When Mr Macron was sworn in as the French leader, he took on the task of preserving the European Union. He also became a prince. Despite the abolition of France’s monarchy in 1792, a little-known agreement dating back to the 13th century has made its leaders princes ever since. Andorra – a small Catalan-speaking principality nestled between France and Spain – has one of the last 12 remaining monarchies in Europe. In 1278, in order to avoid war, the Spanish Bishop of Urgell and the French Count of Foix agreed to become co-princes of the country at the heart of the Pyrenees. After the agreement was made, French kings automatically became Co-Princes of Andorra upon their coronations. The title was later passed on to the nation’s presidents and has therefore been held by the likes of Jacques Chirac and Nicolas Sarkozy. Mr Macron shares the title with the Spanish Bishop of Urgell, a position currently held by Joan Enric Vives Sicília. Andorra is one of the few places in the world where a diarchy, two figures ruling together, has been successful. Royal titles do not extend behind the holders, so there is no extended Royal Family associated with Andorra as in the UK. In 1993, Andorrans voted to establish a new government composed of separate executive, legislative and judicial branches. Executive power was transferred to the Prime Minister of Andorra, but the co-princes remain the heads of state to this day. Each Co-Prince appoints a personal representative, the French Co-Prince is currently being represented by Patrick Strzoda and the Spanish Bishop of Urgell by Josep Maria Mauri. While the Co-Princes tend to take a hands-off approach when it comes to politics in Andorra, one former president made an exception. In 2009, Mr Sarkozy threatened to abandon his throne if Andorra didn’t clean up its reputation as a haven for tax cheats, although he never acted on his threat. Mr Macron visited the landlocked state in 2019 for the first time and has thus far been quite laid-back when it comes to Andorran politics. The incumbent is on track to win France’s re-election despite him dropping points in the polls this week. Far-Right leader Ms Le Pen and Left-wing firebrand Jean-Luc Mélenchon are both making gains in the race for a place in the run-off. In the event of his success, he would become the first French president to win re-election since Jacques Chirac. The French presidential election is split into two rounds, the first taking place on April 10. The top two candidates from that result will then proceed to a head-to-head runoff on April 24. A repeat of the 2017 election, pitting Mr Macron against Ms Le Pen in the run-off, remains the most likely outcome. Mr Macron officially declared his candidacy for the 2022 election on March 3, a day before the deadline to register, a move that Ms Le Pen criticised. She has praised her own campaign while accusing others of not fully taking part. In a radio interview with France Inter, Ns Ke Oeb said: “I did my campaign in a serious way. “I have been on the field for more than six months now, I have brought up all the subjects preoccupying the French people. Others didn’t campaign, it’s a choice.”