Manchester United have already hit a few stumbling blocks in their attempts to line up Erik ten Hag's preferred backroom staff. United's struggles include rejection from Derby County boss Wayne Rooney after approaching the club icon about a coaching role. On Thursday, the Red Devils announced they had appointed Ten Hag as their new manager on a contract until 2025, with the option of a further year. But there was no confirmation on the Dutchman's backroom staff at Old Trafford, indicating the search is still ongoing. It's widely expected that Ten Hag's assistant at Ajax, Mitchell van der Gaag, will join him in the dugout due to their successful relationship in the Netherlands. But he is understood to want a figure with an understanding of English football and knowledge of United to join his team. According to The Athletic, Rooney and Robin van Persie are two names that have been considered for a coaching role next season. However, United have suffered frustrating setbacks in their interest in both for different reasons. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp wary of Man Utd 'strike back' with Ten Hag The report claims the club 'informally proposed' Rooney as a candidate to return to Old Trafford five years after departing as a player. But the England and United top goalscorer has made it clear he will only ditch his project at Derby for a managerial position, despite rejecting an interview at boyhood club Everton after Rafael Benitez's sacking. Van Persie, currently Feyenoord's assistant manager, has also been targeted because of his Premier League experience and Dutch connection with Ten Hag. He is also an unlikely option, though, due to problems with gaining a work permit in the aftermath of Brexit. READ MORE: Man Utd poised for shock transfer windfall as defender decides future Ten Hag has almost sealed two assistants upon his M16 arrival, with former United assistant Steve McClaren set to resume his role under the Ajax boss' request. McClaren was part of Sir Alex Ferguson's staff as the Red Devils lifted the treble in 1999 and has previously worked with Ten Hag at Twente. Rene Meulensteen is another ex-United name who has been mentioned, but talks haven't yet taken place about a potential return to the club. With Ten Hag's backroom staff taking shape, despite the Rooney and Van Persie-shaped blows, he is likely now pressing on with recruitment plans ahead of a significant rebuild. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here