Vodafone has confirmed that, starting from today, new and existing customers will enjoy twice as much 4G and 5G mobile data than they currently pay for. And the upgrade will be completely free of charge! The £15 Vodafone SIM, which in the past offered 10GB of data, will now arrive with 20GB of monthly data, while the £20 SIM will bundle 40GB of monthly data (previously 20GB) and the £30 SIM will include a monthly allowance of 100GB (twice the previous limit of 50GB a month). It's not a double-up across the board though. Vodafone's most affordable Pay As You Go SIM plan, which costs £10 a month, will offer 7GB of mobile data instead of its usual 5GB. Its most expensive plan, which totals £40 a month, will continue to offer unlimited 4G or 5G data. Vodafone doesn't charge extra for access to 5G, but you'll only be able to access this faster mobile internet connection if your handset supports it. All Pay As You Go packages offer unlimited calls and texts. Vodafone also bundles its VeryMe rewards, which give you access to weekly deals from leading brands like Costa Coffee, Vue, Candy Kittens, and more. Vodafone's PAYG SIMs will also rollover any unused data for the next 30 days, so you can quickly build-up a reserve if you're connected to Wi-Fi for most of the day – even if you have a pretty small monthly allowance. It also offers the ability to use your data, minutes or texts in dozens of European countries at no extra charge. This ability to roam for free, no matter when you signed up to a PAYG deal, is something that Vodafone customers on a pay monthly contract don't currently enjoy. Speaking about the double data boost, a spokesperson for Vodafone said: "Vodafone is squeezing even more value into its 30-day Big Value Bundles. Customers can now get up to twice as much data as they did previously at no additional cost – so a £15 Big Value Bundle will now get you 20GB of data instead of 10GB. Existing Vodafone Pay As You Go customers will also benefit from the increased data allowance which will be automatically updated for them on their current bundle." 