Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has criticised the performances of Timo Werner and Kai Havertz against Manchester United. Tuchel took both Germany internationals off at the same time after a frustrating evening for the attacking duo. Havertz in particular was wasteful in front of goal for the visitors as United held on for a 1-1 draw at Old Trafford. And Tuchel could not hide his frustrations afterwards. Asked about Werner and Havertz's performances, Tuchel told Sky Sports: "Yeah we had a lot of chances and I think that two did not reach their peak performance today. If they did, we run out the winners. "That's it, but we don't need to point the fingers. We had enough chances, half chances, to score today." READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp signs two-year contract extension until 2026  Tuchel claimed the result was not fair and his team deserved all three points. He added: "One team deserved to win and that was us. We didn't take it. "It was a very, very good performance but we were not decisive enough. We lacked a bit of determination in the box to win the game. "It sometimes happens. It's on us to learn from it. You need to be clinical to get the reward. We have to live with a point but it's not a fair result. DON'T MISSMino Raiola 'in a bad position' in hospital as reps deny football super-agent has died [NEWS]Man Utd 'ruining their youngsters' with only Scott McTominay able to keep head above water [QUOTES]Erik ten Hag 'picks two defender signings for Man Utd' with Harry Maguire in trouble [RUMOUR]  "We worked so hard to get the lead and suddenly the opponent gets one free shot and scores. Reece James played a very good match and Mason Mount was unlucky with his decisions." In a separate interview with BBC Sport, Tuchel again outlined his disappointment at the result. And he said the lack of ruthlessness was akin to that of other games earlier in the campaign. Tuchel said: "We should have had three points tonight. On and off the ball I was happy with how we played. "We were very brave without the ball and the performance was excellent but we lacked a bit of determination and maybe a bit of luck inside the box. We have had it a bit too often this season where we have drawn games when we were clearly the better team.  "We had it in the first half of the season. We should have won this game." United midfielder Nemanja Matic, who will leave in the summer, felt differently to Tuchel. He thought his side were worthy of the one point they got. Matic said: "It was an improvement. We played against a very good team. Maybe they had more opportunities than us but 1-1 is a fair result. "Tonight looked much better than last couple of weeks. We showed that we didn't give up and showed good character. So it was a good reaction from our team."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here