Daley Blind has told people he’s still in contact with at Manchester United that Erik ten Hag is ‘firm’, according to reports. The Red Devils have named the 52-year-old as their replacement for Ralf Rangnick. And it appears he’ll have a huge rebuilding job to do as they pine for the glory days at Old Trafford. Manchester United last week confirmed Ten Hag had been chosen over Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui to become their next manager. And the Manchester Evening News now say Blind has told people back at Old Trafford that the 52-year-old is ‘firm’. Ten Hag has worked wonders during his time at Ajax, winning two titles while also making them a force to be reckoned with in the Champions League. But he’s also known to be a big disciplinarian, somebody who is eager to improve players as human beings as well as footballers. History suggests, however, that Ten Hag’s approach may get a mixed reception among the United squad. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz David Moyes, Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho were all strict with their players but all three men failed to win the Premier League title. And while Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s man-management skills were better than his predecessors, he had lost the support of the dressing room prior to his sacking earlier in the season. Blind’s warning about Ten Hag being ‘firm’ will likely worry certain players. But the United board are adamant he’s the right man for the job, which is why they’ve given him the keys to Old Trafford. Blind will be able to offer Ten Hag some valuable insight as the 52-year-old prepares to take over from Rangnick this summer. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag The Netherlands international knows all about life at Old Trafford, having previously spent four years there. Blind was recruited by Van Gaal when the 70-year-old took over from Moyes back in the summer of 2014. And he was a dependable figure for the club, helping Van Gaal bow out on a high with FA Cup glory in 2016. Blind also played a key role as United won the Carabao Cup and Europa League during Mourinho’s spell in the dugout. But he was ultimately offloaded to Ajax in 2018 after Mourinho deemed him surplus to requirements. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking immediately after he left Old Trafford, Blind insisted he was happy with how he performed under his old boss. "I learned a lot from him. He is a winner. And he can project that very well on a group,” he said. "I almost played 150 matches. I won four trophies at United. “I had a very beautiful time. I had many nice moments there. "I am very grateful to the fans. I worked very nice[ly] with Mourinho." And the feeling appeared to be mutual, with Mourinho paying tribute to Blind prior to the player officially leaving. "I would like to say a big thank you to Daley Blind for everything he has done for the club since he joined in 2014," Mourinho told ManUtd.com four years ago. "I have to say, that in my 18 years of management, Daley is the one of the most professional players, both on and off the pitch, that I have had the pleasure to work with. "I would like to take this opportunity to wish him all the very best as he rejoins his boyhood club, Ajax. “And I would also like to thank him for from the bottom of my heart for his commitment and dedication over the past two seasons."