She told Express.co.uk how she cut down the amount she watered her plants by 60 percent. The pro gardener called it a "really great lesson". August, who shares her gardening expertise on her Instagram account @augusts_garden, said: "Obviously water is such a precious resource and I knew I had to make a change to help the environment. "Last year I reduced my watering by 60 percent and I couldn’t quite believe how my plants continued to thrive. "It was a really great lesson to learn and that’s what I love the most about gardening, it’s a constant learning curve." The gardener tries to use water sparingly, only when her plants need it. READ MORE: Gardening guru's guide to dealing with slugs after slug pellet ban - frogs and 'strulch' She said: "I try to use my water sparingly and really assess my plants' needs." August advises against absentmindedly using the sprinkler. She said: "All plants need and thrive with different amounts of watering and it’s sometimes so easy to shove the sprinkler on and pop off to the shops but the plants don’t actually need this much water. "I have been guilty for so many years of plonking the water on when I haven’t assessed whether the plants need water." August is the founder of Seed Explorers, encouraging children to grow their own food. She is a Raymond Blanc Garden School Tutor and presents on Tring Radio. DON'T MISS'Allow it to breathe': Lawn care pro says 'scarify' the garden in April [EXPERT] Attract wildlife into your garden (and eliminate slugs) [HOW TO] 'Secret to really lush thick grass': Gardeners' World pro [INSIGHT] The RHS says: "Water is a precious resource and supplies in the UK are under pressure from the effects of climate change, population increase and the need to protect the environment, such as river levels for wildlife." The best time to water your plants is in the morning when the sun comes up. This is when the plants will start drinking moisture from the soil. It is also better for keeping slugs and snails away than watering the evening. However, the worst time to water is in the heat of the day, as much of the water will evaporate. A lawn care expert has given his advice to "kick the lawn into the growing season". Sam runs the lawncare company JayRock LawnCare & Gardening. He advises feeding lawns now. Sam said: "Treating lawns is always good practice once the early morning frosts are lifting and you notice your lawn actively growing. "The first two to three weeks of April is a good benchmark."