Attendance Allowance is a benefit payment administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It is awarded to those of state pension age, which is 66, with the extra costs that arise from having a disability or long-term health condition. The payment is awarded at two different rates, one higher and one lower, with the higher rate being £89.60 a week. How much someone gets in Attendance Allowance depends on the “severity” of their disability or health condition. Attendance Allowance’s lower rate is £60 a week and is given if the claimant needs “frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night”, according to the DWP. The DWP benefit payment’s weekly higher rate of £89.60 is given to those who need “help or supervision throughout both day and night, or you’re terminally ill”. As a result, if someone were to receive the full amount, state pension claimants would get £358.40 a month.  READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  If people want to apply for this payment, state pensioners should print out the Attendance Allowance claim form which can be found on the gov.uk website. The completed form must be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance for the application to be processed. Outside of Attendance Allowance, people getting the state pension may be able to claim other benefits if they get the DWP payment. State pensioners could be eligible for extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or a Council Tax Reduction if they claim Attendance Allowance.  It is important for any applicants for Attendance Allowance to mention exactly why they need extra support and how their disability affects them on a day to day basis, according to Age UK. The charity stated: “Many applications are turned down because people don't mention or aren't clear about how their illness or disability affects their lives. Don't underestimate your needs when filling in the form.” Examples of what claimants should mention in their application include whether they need help washing, bathing and looking after their appearance. Furthermore, they should make reference to if they need assistance going to the toilet or with administering any medical treatment. On top of this, Age UK suggests applicants make explicit reference if they need constant supervision to monitor their safety. Age UK stated: “Do you need someone to watch over you in case you have a fall or seizure or pass out, in case you lack awareness of danger or could be a danger to yourself or others, or in case you get confused, forgetful or disorientated? “Do you need someone to give you medication for angina or asthma attacks, or to help calm you down during a panic attack?” In recent months, the UK Government has made a concerted effort to promote its various disability benefit payments which are available through the DWP. Chloe Smith, the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, emphasised why pensioners with a disability should apply for assistance from the Government department as soon as possible. Ms Smith explained: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them, so it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.”