During the waning days of World War 2, Adolf Hitler was reported to have commanded a secret fleet of nine submarines. U-boats were a major part of Nazi Germany’s war effort as they disrupted transatlantic trade. However, the vessels, which take their name from the German, "Unterseeboot" (undersea boat), also reportedly served another purpose. As Hitler’s Third Reich began to disintegrate, a secret fleet of boats was rumoured to have been modified and used to ship looted gold, art and even Nazi officers out of Germany to South America. Mr Fletcher’s search for the missing U-boat, following a trail of cryptic clues, was profiled in an episode of ‘History's Greatest Mysteries’ that aired in September. The treasure hunter was astonished by the captain handing over the record of his and Mr Miklos’ movements. He said: “This is the piece of evidence that puts Roger in the location as a witness. “This is really, really critical to solving this puzzle.” Speaking to Mr Christiansen, he added: “I think this is just the beginning of what could be a great adventure together. “I can't thank you enough. This is not something you see every day in the business of treasure hunting.” Mr Christiansen and Mr Miklos went on a six-week tour of all the Turks and Caicos Islands as part of a 20-person crew in 1981. They were searching for the shipwreck of the Pinta, one of the boats Columbus travelled to the new world with. When their magnetometer picked up a reading, Mr Miklos dived down into the ocean, and initially did not tell anyone that he had discovered one of Hitler’s U-boats. Mr Christiansen recalled how the late treasure hunter was intensely secretive about his find and would not reveal the exact location of the sunken vessel for fear that others would get to it before he could. DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated as ‘exhausted’ troops retreat from strategic airport key to battle plans [LATEST]Nicola Sturgeon blasted for trying to railroad indy plans: 'Scots haven't given mandate!' [INSIGHT]UK obliterated Australian countryside with top-secret nuclear testing programme in 1950s [ANALYSIS] He said: “I have been a ship captain for over 40 years. “I was very fortunate to be in the right place at the right time to meet Roger Miklos in 1981 in the Turks and Caicos. “Roger said, ‘The next thing we are going to do is find my submarine’. “That is when I started with, ‘Tell me about this submarine and where is it?’ “He just would not answer it, saying, ‘I don’t know.” ‘History's Greatest Mysteries’ is available on the History Channel US.