It comes despite efforts to keep him in the background during the celebrations. The Duke of York had attracted criticism for taking a prominent role at his father's memorial service at Westminster Abbey last week. Days later, it emerged he had become embroiled in a hugely embarrassing High Court case involving a Turkish banker accused of fraud. The case is also linked to his daughter Beatrice's wedding. There is no suggestion the duke has done anything wrong. He has been named in High Court papers in a case brought by millionairess Nebahat Evyap Isbilen against banker Selman Turk. She accused Mr Turk of swindling her out of almost £40million, with £1.1million allegedly going to the Duke of York. The businessman denies the allegations. Mrs Isbilen, 77, claims Mr Turk tricked her into giving money to Andrew, alleging the prince had helped her obtain a new passport. It emerged at the weekend her bank had queried the purpose of £750,000 allegedly transferred from Mrs Isbilen to Andrew's private account. In a telephone conversation, an aide of Andrew allegedly told one of Mrs Isbilen's bankers: "I understand it's a gift for the wedding." The aide, who no longer works for the duke, is not alleged to have done anything improper. In another phone call, the same banker asked Mr Turk: "What we're struggling to understand is why it is so large and, also, is it a gift to help with the cost of the wedding to the bank account holder or is it a wedding gift to the bride?" Mr Turk replied: "No, wedding - so for the cost of the wedding." The phone calls, which were recorded as a matter of routine, were made in November 2019. Transcripts were published at the weekend. Princess Beatrice married Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi inWindsor in 2020. She was said to be "blindsided" and had no idea about the £750,000 which the Duke has since paid back. According to the court papers, Andrew allegedly received a separate sum of around £350,000. What has happened to this alleged payment remains unclear. Beatrice's sister Eugenie was allegedly paid £25,000 by Mr Turk and their mother Sarah was allegedly handed £225,000 from him for work that she had carried out for a US firm called Pegasus Group Holdings, according to the papers. Neither Sarah or her daughter were aware of any allegations against Mr Turk until they emerged last week. A picture has also appeared of Mr Turk and associate Tarek Kaituni in what appears to be Frogmore House, the royal residence in Windsor, in 2020.