Leeds United star Stuart Dallas suffered what appeared to be a serious injury against Manchester City on Saturday. The Northern Ireland international was involved in a collision with City star Jack Grealish late in the first half. It was a feisty match at Elland Road, with City taking the lead early through a Rodri header. The hosts were causing issues for Pep Guardiola's side as they attempt to pull away from the relegation zone. Former Manchester United defender Gary Neville was co-commentating on the match for Sky Sports. He was critical of referee Paul Tierney throughout the opening 45 minutes. Dallas had committed more fouls than any other player on the pitch before the unfortunate incident. The 31-year-old had given away five fouls, with no other player committing more than one. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Conte labels Harry Kane demand 'impossible' as Arsenal battle looms  Dallas and Grealish went in for a 50-50 towards the end of the first half and it was the Leeds star who came off worse. There were immediate concerns from his team-mates as the medical staff were ushered on. Dallas was down for several minutes receiving treatment before being taken off on a stretcher. Leeds had already lost captain Liam Cooper to injury in the pre-match warm up. Neville was first critical of the winger for going in too hard to the challenge with Grealish. Neville said: "It was madness from Dallas. He has been flying into challenges." However, the pundit then turned more sympathetic towards the stricken star. Neville admitted it did not look good for Dallas, saying: "It's not a good one for Dallas, it's not a good one. His team-mates are very concerned." DON'T MISSGary Neville explains why Ralf Rangnick can't continue at Man Utd after taking Austria job [QUOTES]Manchester United ‘make first transfer bid’ for Benfica star Darwin Nunez [REPORT]What Man Utd players ‘accuse each other of’ as Ralf Rangnick behaviour details emerge [REPORT]  Former England striker and Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker did not view the incident any better. He tweeted: "That looks awful for Stuart Dallas. Hopefully not as serious as it appears." Dallas has started every Premier League match for Leeds since their promotion to the top flight two seasons ago. However, he now looks set for a spell on the sidelines. Leeds went into the match five points clear of Everton in 18th place. However, the Toffees will have two games in hand over them, starting with a clash against Chelsea on Sunday. Burnley's win over Watford earlier on Saturday took them above Leeds in the table. The Clarets scored twice in the final 10 minutes at Vicarage Road to win 2-1. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 