  Michael, 77, paid tribute to his father Kirk Douglas yesterday with a sweet throwback snap of them both from his childhood. The actor was inundated with supportive messages after sharing the photograph with his one million Instagram followers.       Michael shared a black and white picture of his father Kirk hugging him close as a little boy while the pair both smiled happily. He captioned the photo: “#TBT Love and miss you Dad! #KirkDouglas.” After the star shared his poignant post, hundreds of people left kind words in the comments section. Michael’s niece Kelsey Douglas wrote: “Love this so much!” READ MORE: The Wanted's Tom Parker died with 'perfect' Oasis song playing      While House actress Lisa Edelstein added: “Love this picture so much Michael!” Shelley Haley commented: “Oh my heart. Lovely memory.” Maggie Schulze penned: “Thoughts and prayers. It’s so difficult to lose a parent. “It’s a strange void that you feel like you should be looking for, but then remember, they are gone.”       Linda Defillip-Beradi wrote: “Wonderful actor like his son!! God bless you both. “Thank you for years of entertainment Kirk and Michael.” Kathy Strieff commented: “You were so blessed to have him. What a charmed life you live. Family is everything, isn’t it?” While Carol Forbes added: “I’m old enough to have watched his entire career. One of the greats - like YOU.” READ MORE... Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'settles argument' over hospital scene [NEWS] Monty Don divides fans by unveiling big team behind his famous garden [NEWS]      February marked the two year anniversary of Michael’s father Kirk’s death aged 103. Fatal Attraction star Michael counts Kirk as his middle name and seems to have inherited his renowned father’s acting abilities. Michael grew up in New Brunswick, New Jersey with his brother Joel. Michael and Joel are the children of Spartacus actor Kirk and his first wife, actress Diana Dill.       Kirk married Diana in 1943 but they divorced eight years later in 1951. In 1954, Kirk wed producer Anne Buydens, with whom he welcomed sons Peter and Eric. The film star’s eldest son Michael went on to establish himself as a talented actor, most recently appearing in the popular Marvel film franchise. Michael married actress Catherine Zeta-Jones in 2000, and the couple share three children.   