A food recall is issued when a product is unsafe to eat. This might mean it contains undeclared ingredients not mentioned on the packaging. Food recalls are often posted on the Food Standards Agency (FSA) website, outlining what customers should do if they have already purchased an affected product. The latest food recall to be issued on the FSA website is from chocolate company Ferrero. The brand is recalling a number of Kinder Surprise products due to salmonella being found in them. Salmonella symptoms can include severe stomach pains, diarrhoea, and vomiting. READ MORE: Body language signs Princess Eugenie is not ‘Team Cambridge’ Kinder Surprise products are stocked in popular British supermarkets, including Tesco, Morrisons, and Sainsbury’s. Ferrero issued its food recall earlier this week, but it updated its warning on April 6 after finding more affected products. The FSA stated: “Ferrero is extending their precautionary action of recalling additional Kinder products because they might be contaminated with Salmonella. “This PRIN is an update to include additional Kinder products and best before dates.”  The products include Kinder Surprise that comes in a pack 20g in size, with all best before dates up to and including October 7, 2022, affected. The Kinder Surprise that is 100g in size is also affected, with all dates from April 20 up to and including August 21, 2022, affected. Other products are Kinder Mini eggs, Kinder Egg Hunt Kit, and Kinder Schokobons. The Kinder Mini eggs are 75g in size and all dates from April 20 up to and including August 21, 2022, are affected. The Kinder Egg Hunt Kit comes in a pack 150g in size and has a best before date of April 20 up to and including August 21, 2022. The Kinder Schokobons are 200g in size and have a best before date of April 20 up to and including August 21, 2022. The FSA’s risk statement outlined: “The possible presence of Salmonella in the products listed above. “Symptoms caused by Salmonella usually include fever, diarrhoea and abdominal cramps.” It continued: “Ferrero is recalling the above products. “Point of sale notices will be displayed in retail stores that are selling these products. “These notices explain to customers why the products are being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the products.” The FSA added its advice to customers, saying: “If you have bought the above products do not eat them. “Instead, please contact the Ferrero consumer careline on consumers.uk@ferrero.com or 0330 053 8943 UK or +44 (0)330 053 8943 Ireland to obtain a full refund.” Ferrero also recommended: “If you have bought one of the selected batches of Kinder products as detailed above, do not eat it. “Instead: Check if you have bought the affected best before date of the specified Kinder product. “You can do this by taking a picture of this notice or writ ing down the best before dates for reference at home. “The toys included in these products are not affected. “Contact the Ferrero consumer careline on consumers.uk@ferrero.com or consumers.ireland@ferrero.com to obtain a full refund.”