Richard Madeley, 65, spoke out about the incident on Good Morning Britain today. He and Ranvir Singh were interviewing Shadow Justice Secretary Steve Reed about Labour’s new crime pledge to create victim payback boards in a bid to restore faith in community sentencing. As Richard grilled Mr Reed, he said: “We all have a story to tell. “My daughter’s car was stolen off the driveway of our home in London about two months ago. “She reported it, she got a crime number, and about 10 minutes later she got a call from the police saying that they weren’t going to investigate it any further because they had nothing to go on. And that was that! “You know, an expensive car taken and no investigation, no number plate recognition put out, it was just basically filed away. READ MORE:Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer “I know many of our viewers will have reports of similar experiences, I mean, being burgled and there has been no investigation into the burglary, that is a whole different area.” Mr Reed nodded in agreement as Richard told the story but did not say anything in response. The news of Chloe's car theft comes after the announcement she is expecting her first child with her rugby player husband, James Haskell. She revealed the happy news on Instagram while James spoke about the pregnancy on GMB in February while he chatted with his father-in-law Richard. The grandfather-to-be said: “There is another thing that we now need to talk about, and I am going to talk to you now as your father-in-law. “It’s about my daughter Chloe, your wife, what do you want to tell us?” James beamed as he confirmed: “Chloe and I are expecting our first child. We are having a little girl and you are going to be a grandfather once again.” Richard and Judy share one grandson, Kit, who was born in 2018 to Richard’s son Jack and his wife Issy. DON'T MISSLord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue[LATEST]‘Your hair looks lovely’ Jason Manford aims jibe at Will Smith[INSIGHT]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show[NEWS] Other than Kit, the couple has two more grandchildren, Ivy, eight, and Edith, four, who are the daughters of Tom, one of Judy’s twin sons from her first marriage. Earlier this year, Chloe opened up about her struggle to conceive for two years before falling pregnant. The fitness instructor made the candid admission during an Instagram Q&A in view of her 249,000 followers. She said: “I remember when I was trying, for two years, and it was hard watching everyone around me get pregnant. “It didn’t make me feel jealous or envious. It just made me feel… sad. Really, really sad. “And every time I do post [about the pregnancy], I remember that feeling, and I’m sensitive to how the post might be received.” Chloe has not confirmed her official due date but the baby is expected to arrive this summer.