Chelsea were beaten 3-1 by Real Madrid in the Champions League on Wednesday night in a lacklustre performance by the Blues. However, the minor silver lining on the night was that Kai Havertz enhanced his reputation as a ‘big game player’ and earned himself a comparison to legendary striker Ruud van Nistlerooy. Karim Benzema opened the scoring for Los Blancos in the 21st minute after he rounded off a quick-fire passing move with a thundering header past Edouard Mendy. The 34-year-old then doubled his side’s lead three minutes later when he guided a superb header into the far corner following a cross from Luka Modric. Havertz halved the deficit in the 40th minute when he lost his marker at the back post bravely steered Jorginho’s inch-perfect cross beyond Thibaut Courtois to send Stamford Bridge into a frenzy. The German has been the preferred striker option for Thomas Tuchel over the past few months, and he is consistently showing why. Speaking about the goal, Rio Ferdinand told BT Sport: “That’s number nine movements there. We’d look at that and say ‘that’s Van Nistelrooy or Benzema’. Havertz is playing like a complete number nine at the moment, scoring big goals. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard reacts as relegation threat intensifies “What I would say, three goals, great crosses, and that eliminates defenders. I don’t care how good you are, if the cross is good, it takes you out of the game completely.” Benzema restored Madrid’s two-goal advantage just moments after the second half kicked off, capitalising on an error by Edouard Mendy to roll the ball into an empty net. The Frenchman’s display will receive all the plaudits, and it will be a performance that Havertz will be hoping to emulate at the Santiago Bernabeu. The German has scored six goals and assisted two in 21 Premier League appearances this season, being deployed in a variety of positions along the frontline. However, when the Blues have a tough game on their hands, Havertz has been called upon to lead the line despite the arrival of Romelu Lukaku for £97.5million in the summer.  The 22-year-old will certainly be pleased to have been compared to one of the great no.9’s Van Nistelrooy, who scored 249 goals in 449 appearances in his club career, and if he can become as clinical as the former Manchester United striker then he may no longer be viewed as a makeshift forward and rather an out and out striker. The Blues will need to bounce back from this performance against Southampton at the weekend to lift spirits at the London outfit so that they have a fighting chance in Madrid. Speaking about the performance, Tuchel said: “It’s a heavy loss. One of the worst first halves I’ve seen from us at Stamford Bridge. “At this level, you cannot play like this, individually and as a team, from all of us, it was not enough. We were not doing what we are used to doing, it was far from our standards. Everything, when we pass, where we pass, attacking, possession game, the intensity and desire to win challenges, how we closed spaces. The first half was so far from any standards we set ourselves that we cannot complain when we lose like this.”