Manchester United and Barcelona might just have receive a boost in their race to sign Robert Lewandowski this summer. Bayern Munich are eyeing replacements and Real Madrid outcast Luka Jovic could be the answer. Bayern might already be conceding that they are losing the battle to keep hold of Lewandowski this summer. The Poland international is reportedly eyeing a new challenge with United and Barcelona leading the chase. But the German giants have always publicly insisted that their talismanic forward will be going nowhere. The 33-year-old has been in jaw-dropping form over the past few years. Since 2019, Lewandowski has scored 108 Bundesliga goals while his contract expires at the end of next season. But negotiations have not proved fruitful, opening the door to a potential transfer away this summer. If Bayern cannot find an agreement with the former Borussia Dortmund star, they may need to sell up and look elsewhere for replacements. And according to Sport, they have identified the man to fill Lewandowski's boots in Real Madrid ace Jovic. The Serbia international has had a terrible time since moving to the Bernabeu, where he has remained largely on the peripherals since his £50m move from Eintracht Frankfurt in 2019. But a return to Germany could be on the cards where he first alerted the attention of some of the biggest clubs in the world. Bayern moving for Jovic will be seen as a boost from United and Barcelona, who might have had the door opened for them to plan a raid on the Bavarian outfit for Lewandowski. Both clubs are desperate for more attacking options ahead of next season. At Old Trafford, the impending exit of Edinson Cavani will leave United light up front - as well as Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial's futures up in the air. Whereas at Barcelona, Xavi has been left unimpressed with the state of the current squad and wants to revamp as much as possible. Bayern CEO Oliver Kahn insisted that Lewandowski is going nowhere, though, saying: "We know what we have in him and we're relaxed about it. Apparently there's a competition out there: 'Who will tell the biggest nonsense story about Robert Lewandowski?' "Talks will continue. We're not crazy and are [not] discussing the transfer of a player who scores between 30 and 40 goals with us every season."