Marvel fans have three MCU movies to look forward to this year with Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, Thor: Love and Thunder and Black Panther: Wakanda Forever. Benedict Cumberbatch’s solo sequel is just a month away and has a couple of trailers, but there’s still nothing for Thor 4. And confusingly, Chris Hemsworth has announced the start of the press tour for his latest Asgardian adventure. Hemsworth shared a picture of himself sat between Thor: Love and Thunder director and Korg actor Taika Waititi and Valkyrie star Tessa Thompson. The original Avengers star captioned the post: “Some long lead press for Thor Love And Thunder with these two wonderful humans. A day full of wackiness and hilarity. Get ready folks this films gonna be wild!!” By long lead press, Hemsworth means some interviews well in advance of the July premiere of the movie. Despite this, some Marvel fans think the three stars have hidden the release date for the Thor: Love and Thunder’s trailer as a puzzle in the picture. Multiple fans in the comments across social media have pointed out the strange hand gestures the three actors are doing. And if you read into it (perhaps a little too much) it appears they could reveal a date of 11/4/22. How they got this? Taika is holding up a single digit on each hand making a 1 and 1, which could be interpreted as 11. Then Hemsworth is doing two rock on signals with four digits possibly indicating four. Finally, Thompson is doing two peace gestures which could be read as 22, meaning 2022. It’s currently April 5, so could this mean a Thor: Love and Thunder trailer is set to land on Monday, April 11? It’s a long shot, but possibly. Or MCU fans may just be reading into it too much, a lot like the rumours that Mephisto was the hidden villain in WandaVision. Whatever the case, the Thor: Love and Thunder trailer not being out yet makes for a very short marking window for the movie, but there is a viable explanation for this. DON'T MISSThor Love and Thunder NEW LOOK plus Peter Dinklage teases Eitri return [THOR LOVE AND THUNDER]Thor Love and Thunder is ‘crazy wild’ and ‘pushes Marvel's boundaries' [MARVEL]Avengers 5 theory: Multiple Marvel variants will clash in Secret Wars [AVENGERS 5] The first Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness trailer wasn’t released prior to Spider-Man: No Way Home, but only as a post-credits scene. Perhaps the events of Cumberbatch’s sequel will have such an impact on the MCU that showing the trailer for Thor: Love and Thunder would spoil the film? For the time being, fans will just have to be patient. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hits UK cinemas on May 5 and Thor: Love and Thunder will follow on July 8, 2022.