Over the last couple of months, Toyah (played by Georgia Taylor) and Imran (Charlie De Melo) haven't had the easiest time in their relationship. Toyah has had to come to terms with Imran's infidelity as it was revealed he slept with Abi Franklin (Sally Carman) and later found out she had given birth to their son Alfie. With Imran desperate to make things right and not lose her forever, he proposed to her and promised no more drama and lies between the pair of them, to which Toyah forgave him and agreed that they should get married. However, official spoilers have revealed that her sister Leanne (Jane Danson) isn't sold on the idea of her little sister marrying the man who has caused he pain over the last few months and could end up losing Toyah forever as she ruins their wedding day? In upcoming scenes, whilst in the Bistro, Leanne voices her concerns to Toyah about her wedding and fears that it is happening too quickly. Shocked that her sister feels this way, Toyah becomes defensive and deeply upset and tells Leanne that if she can't rely on her full support, then she doesn't want her at the wedding. Could their close sisterly bond be affected by Toyah's choice to marry Imran? Leanne immediately feels guilty for making Toyah so upset and tells her at her hen do that she has her full support. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ She expresses that if Toyah is sure she wants to marry Imran, then she will be by her side no matter what. The sisters embrace one another and bury their concerns, but does Leanne really support the marriage. If Leanne can't get past the pain Imran has caused her sister, will she do anything, including crashing the wedding, to save her sister? Also, in the Speed Daal, Adam Barlow (Samuel Robertson) and Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) join Imran for his stag do.  But the mood is ruined when Abi approaches and tells Imran that despite the fact that the money has run dry and her lawyer has walked, she still intends to fight him every step of the way for custody of Alfie. On top of the distrust Leanne already has for Imran, will the drama with Abi be the final straw insisting she stops the wedding? Before the revelation that Imran had cheated with Abi and now fathers a son with her, he and Toyah were on the road to adopting their foster child Elsie. Sadly Toyah can't have kids of her own, and it was possibly the last chance at her becoming a mum. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Tim Metcalfe dealt huge blow with diagnosis [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Elaine Jones dead as history repeats itself [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Yasmeen Nazir's seret illness uncovered [WATCH] Lately, Coronation Street fans haven't been convinced that Toyah has forgiven her fiancé and feel it is a plot to take off with his son Alfie. Taking to Twitter to express their theories, Michelle wrote: "Literally praying for a twist that Toyah is playing Imran and will get her revenge by helping Abi get custody of Alfie." Mandy Amory commented: "I REALLY, REALLY hope that Toyah is playing Imran like a good’un and is pretending to be on his side to make sure that Abi gets sole custody of Alfie." Ryan Glendenning added: "Toyah is definitely playing Imran like a fiddle. Go on, girl." (sic) Charlie De Melo has recently revealed that he will be leaving the show and will see Imran exit the cobbles later this year. Speaking about his character to Manchester Evening News, he explained: "I think he’s far more selfish than he would let on. "I think he represents himself as heroic and wants to be seen as heroic – but I don’t think anything he does, really, is selfless. "He’s shown that when he has done wrong to the people that he professes to love and be closest to, he does everything he can to avoid responsibility." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays from 8pm on ITV.