The manufacturer of Turkey's Bayraktar drones has spoken publically about the social media fame the drone system has gained as the symbol of Ukraine's resistance against Russia. Turkey has supplied a number of Bayraktar TB2 drones to aid Ukraine since the beginning of the invasion. Selcuk Bayraktar, the Turkish weapons designer who gave the drone its name, told a special CNN report: "It is one of the symbols of resistance. "It gives them hope I think." Russia analyst Samuel Bendett added: " The Bayraktar drones are part of the larger social media campaign that is executed very well by the Ukrainian military and civilians. "They are creating the impression that the Russian military is in fact losing and that the Russian military is vulnerable.  "Again, Bayraktar is not the only solution out there and it isn't necessarily a solution that is going to save the Ukrainian military because after all, this is a ground war. "But having a drone-like barracks are in the sky that can conduct surveillance that can launch strikes, and having the videos of those strikes." "Multiplying social media is a great morale booster," he added. "It is also a great tactical victory as well." It came as Moscow appears to be backing down from its attempt to encircle the capital Kyiv, instead of trying to take eastern Ukraine. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has said at least 30 people were killed in the attack on the crowded Kramatorsk station which was an evacuation point for civilians. A further 100 people were injured, Mr Zelensky said as he blamed Russia for "an evil without limits", while the Kremlin denied targeting the station. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said she was "appalled" by the reports, adding: "The targeting of civilians is a war crime. We will hold Russia and Putin to account." DON'T MISSUS reveals hypersonic missile test, risks escalating Russia tension [REPORT]West urged to impose 'realistic red line' on Russia [COMMENTS]POLL: Would you pay more for energy bills to cut off ALL Russian gas? [POLL] Mr Zelensky said the strike was a deliberate attack on civilians using a Tochka U short-range ballistic missile. The Russian military is reported to no longer operate Tochka U short-range ballistic missiles, having replaced them with Iskander missiles in 2020. Indeed, Russia's defence ministry has denied that Russian forces were responsible for the missile strike.