Real estate manager Elizabeth O’Connor's kitchen is full of gorgeous copper moulds, bold colours, and traditional accessories and has all the right elements for an Edwardian-style kitchen. Elizabeth who shares her home on @cranstonehouse on Instagram said Downton was an inspiration for her and she loved the "modest utilitarian" style of the famous TV kitchen. She said: “The inspiration for my kitchen came from many places; primarily from spending hours looking at a multitude of images on Pinterest. "I did also feel inspired by Downton Abbey. Sometimes I come home from work and think 'I just want to go to Downton' so I put on the show and escape into the fantasy. "The sets are beautiful and the story is warm - the Downton kitchen is just gorgeous in a modest utilitarian way.” Elizabeth's dark green walls kitchen walls contrast with the copper elements. A large Belfast sink, and open shelving give a traditionally vintage look. READ MORE: Home interiors must-haves in renovator Emily Canham's dream home - 'hot tap' Speaking about her design inspiration, Elizabeth told Tap Warehouse how she mostly did the renovation herself and “hired an electrician and plumber when necessary.” This helped her to save on costs as she did the work over several years as a series of mini-projects and spread the cost over time. Elizabeth said: "Probably one of the most challenging things was laying the sub-floor. "I had to be sure I had a good rigid subfloor for the brick slips, and I had a lot of space to fill (the previous floor was pine set on sleepers), so the subfloor is 2 sheets of 3/4 inchess of plywood with a sheet of 1/2 inch of cement board on top. DON'T MISSAvoid the most common DIY renovation painting mistakes [WARNING] Inside Molly Mae's £4m home - luxury paint colours to achieve to look [EXPERT] 10 'must-have' kitchen features to 'make life a little easier' [PROPERTY] "All those sheets are big and extremely heavy. I brought my 19-year-old daughter in to help me lay the sheets in place and we managed it.” She started to install the cabinets herself but called in a carpenter when she realised the Shaws sink was too heavy to lift. Elizabeth has an extensive collection of vintage copper moulds, pots, and pans which are the most eye-catching piece of the space. The pieces are hung on the wall and over the door way, giving her kitchen the classic Downton look. The mum revealed how she got most of this kitchenware from eBay. She said: “The vast majority of my copper collection came from eBay. "It's a great place to purchase both new and old items. "A few things came from Etsy and other online retailers but mostly eBay.” The elements that are crucial for a period-style kitchen like you see in Downton Abbey include: Polly Shearer, kitchen interiors expert at Tap Warehouse said: “We expect to see an increase in demand for period-style kitchen products when the new Downton Abbey film is released. “If you want to achieve this look on a budget we recommend focusing on adding copper accessories to your kitchen, which can be bought for cheap on eBay, and re-creating Instagrammer Elizabeth’s statement wall of copper moulds, pots, and pans.”