Conservative MP and GB News presenter Esther McVey grilled Boris Johnson over the rising cost of living crisis. She asked: "The cost of living is going to be the biggest issue going forward. It's going to get worse and for some of us Conservatives, we would have said, what can we do to help people with the cost of living? "We would have cut the taxes, cut VAT on fuel. You've chosen not to do that, why? "Why are you not dropping tax and getting rid of VAT?" Mr Johnson said: "You've just seen the Spring statement was the biggest tax cut. "If you take together what Rishi did on the mixed thresholds which was the completion of a promise that I made in 2019." READ MORE: Boris addresses tense Brexit deadlock with Olaf Scholz Ms McVey interjected: "But some of us are even questioning increasing the NI threshold." Mr Johnson continued: "If you increase the NI threshold it takes people out of paying it. So we raised it from £9,000 to £12,000 and that takes 70 percent of the payers of National Insurance of contributions got a tax cut as a result. "It was literally the biggest tax cut in 10 years." In the interview, Mr Johnson went on to say it would be "irresponsible" to rule out further lockdowns if more deadly coronavirus variants emerge. The Prime Minister continued to say he could not rule out the prospect of taking drastic action again as the nation feels the impact of the new Omicron strain. While symptoms are generally less severe than earlier variants, the rate of Covid-19 hospital admissions in England is at the highest since January 2021. Mr Johnson downplayed the chances of having to impose a lockdown again, but was holding on to the option in case even more concerning new variants emerge. He said: "I want to avoid any such thing ever happening again and I can't rule out something, I can't say we wouldn't be forced to do non-pharmaceutical interventions again of the kind we did. DON'T MISS UK to send world's fastest anti-aircraft missile to Ukraine [INSIGHT]'Frankenstein-style' Omicron subvariant sparks lockdown panic in UK [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson slaps down Macron’s Putin talks ‘It won’t be fruitful!’ [VIDEO] "I think it would be irresponsible of any leader in any democracy to say that they're going to rule out something that can save lives. "I believe the things we did saved lives. I've got to be absolutely frank with you, there could be a new variant more deadly, there could be a variant that affects children, that we really need to contain, I'm not going to take any options off the table. But I don't think it will happen. "We're now in the phase where the virus is losing its potency overall and we've got a massively vaccinated UK population." Research from the UK Health Surveillance Agency indicates the overall Covid-19 hospital admission rate for England hit 20.5 per 100,000 people in the week ending April 3.