A new study from TonerGiant ranked the UK’s skylines based on the number of Instagram likes for photos. Birmingham was ranked as the UK’s best but where didn’t score highly? Birmingham might be the UK’s most photogenic city but which British cities don’t have an attractive skyline? Salford was ranked as the UK’s ugliest skyline with an average of just 31 likes for photos in the city. READ MORE: Flight attendant on private jet asked to lie about girlfriend   Photos of Birmingham’s skyline brought in an average of 224 likes each, leading it to take the top spot. Tourists might catch a glimpse of Birmingham’s Town Hall, the Mailbox or the iconic Selfridges building. It’s an exciting year to visit the UK’s third biggest city as it prepares to host the Commonwealth Games this summer. The city will host the Games from July 28 to August 8, welcoming some of the world’s top athletes. Glasgow took second place in the skyline rankings. Visitors should head up to the city’s Necropolis cemetery for incredible city views. The Necropolis is a Victorian cemetery perched high up above the city, offering stunning views of Glasgow Cathedral and hospital. Tourists heading for a Glasgow staycation should visit the city’s West End area for independent cafes and delicious food. Offering some of the UK’s best nightlife, Glasgow is a great night out and the perfect destination for a group of friends.  Bath took third place and the beautiful city is the perfect spot for a romantic getaway this year. Tourists can visit the ancient baths or enjoy a dip at the city spa before enjoying one of the city’s famous buns. Although London did make the top five skylines, the capital only took the fourth position in the rankings. Tourists could book a free ticket to London’s Sky Garden to enjoy incredible views of the capital at no cost. Salford had the UK’s least popular skyline with the average photo only gaining 31 likes on Instagram. However, that shouldn’t put Britons off visiting the northern city which is home to an exciting art gallery. Bristol had the UK’s second least attractive skyline, drawing in only 37 average likes per photo. One of the UK’s trendiest cities, visitors to Bristol will be spoilt for choice when it comes to independent eateries and bars. TonerGiant analysed Instagram links to find the best skylines.   