David Beckham was overwhelmed with emotion on son Brooklyn's special day - and it wasn't the £3 million price tag of the celebration that set him off. David, who'd dressed in a smart black suit to witness Brooklyn tying the knot with Nicola Peltz, was reportedly choked up as he recalled guarding the hospital door at his son's birth 23 years earlier. He and Victoria Beckham strode in holding hands, and David was visibly overjoyed in photos taken at the £76 million Peltz family mansion in Miami. The emotional 46-year-old father is said to have given a speech which lasted five minutes. According to a source: "He looked to shed a tear at one point. "He was talking about when Brooklyn was born and how he wanted to protect him. READ NOW: Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer “He said he was sleeping on the hospital floor, holding the door shut because he didn’t want to let anyone get in. "David got a lump in his throat and had to stop and take a breather to regain his composure, but it was a very sweet speech,” the source added to The Sun. After the speeches were over, the wedding party - containing an estimated 300 revellers - enjoyed entertainment from a jazz quartet and 12-piece band. Brooklyn's beloved, billionaire heiress Nicola Peltz, and his family and friends are said to have partied the night away. A deeply emotional David later penned a short but sweet tribute to all of his sons on Instagram. “My beautiful boys & a very proud dad.. Congratulations Bust on a lifetime of happiness, we will always be by your side @brooklynbeckham @romeobeckham @cruzbeckham we love you @victoriabeckham," the post read. His fourth child Harper, who is too young to join Instagram, was not mentioned, but the ten-year-old did don a flower crown and become a bridesmaid on the day. DON'T MISS: David Beckham holds Victoria’s hand as they watch son Brooklyn wed [UPDATE] Brooklyn Beckham's wedding guests from Gordon Ramsay to Eva Longoria [INSIGHT] Brooklyn Beckham's star-studded £3m wedding with heiress Nicola Peltz [PHOTOS]  Celebrations reportedly included a "limitless" supply of Bollinger champagne on hand for every guest. Meanwhile David, who was bursting with pride after Brooklyn said "I do" to 27-year-old Nicola, apparently continued his generosity by offering the newlyweds a £350,000 supercar. Besides his father, others who may have shed a tear for Brooklyn on the day included those who were not able to be present. Spice Girls Mel B and Mel C were at the event, but Geri was supporting her husband Christian Horner at the Australian Grand Prix. Meanwhile former Baby Spice Emma Bunton was forced to pull out, revealing her disappointment on Instagram just hours before proceedings started, Describing the pair as "beautiful souls", the singer urged: "@victoriabeckham @davidbeckham try not to cry to much!! #happytears". Brooklyn's godfather Elton John - also a close friend of Victoria - is on his Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour, marking the last shows he will ever play to a live audience before retirement from the stage. This meant he was also unable to attend - but all of Brooklyn's closest family, including brothers Romeo and Cruz as best men, were present.