Pilgrimage is airing on BBC Two this week and the new TV series will see famous faces learn about a key figure in British Christianity. They will cross the Scottish Highlands to find out more about the monk born 1500 years ago who helped spread the faith from Ireland to Scotland. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what religion the celebrities follow. TV presenter Nick Hewer, 78, appeared as one of Alan Sugar's advisers on The Apprentice. He also presented Countdown along with Rachel Riley and Susie Dent. The TV star is Agnostic, meaning he believes nothing is known about the existence or nature of God. However, he grew up as part of a Catholic family. Speaking to The Oban Times about why he signed up for the series, he said: "I suppose the key driver was the fact that I grew up in a Catholic family which had an Anglican father and was sent at a young age to a Jesuit boarding school at which Catholicism was a central theme to one’s life. "As an agnostic, I was intrigued to find if I had any lingering beliefs in Christianity." READ MORE: Why did Louisa Clein leave Emmerdale? Scarlett is a TV personality and presenter who came into the spotlight following her appearance on Gogglebox. The 31-year-old joined the hosts of Good Morning Britain to talk about her religious experiences as a Christian. She said: "It was really thought-provoking. I am normally on my phone or chatting with my friends but I have taken the time to think now. "Now I would say that I am a Christian. I am now still getting used to it. "We went to live with some monks and we chatted about our beliefs and I defended my religion and beliefs and then I thought that it must mean a lot to me." Interior designer Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen is known for his appearances on Changing Rooms. The star is a non-conforming Pagan and he told The Oban Times: "I think faith is absolutely fascinating and I think at the moment, we’re all looking very, very deeply into ourselves. "Are we happy with this idea of self-determination? Are we happy with this idea that we’ve created a world that doesn’t necessarily need a higher power? "We rely so heavily on technology, on science, it’s one of the things that people just simply don’t talk about anymore – you really don’t talk about it – which is why this programme has always been so fascinating." DON'T MISS... Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen on near-death accident while filming BBC show [INSIGHT] Ex-England cricketer Monty Panesar: I want good to come out of this [INTERVIEW] Monty Panesar slams Yorkshire cricket club racial slur 'banter' ruling [INSIGHT] Former English international cricketer Monty Panesar, 39, is a Sikh. He said faith was such an important part of his life and he was happy to open up to others. The sporting star says his faith helps keep a balanced perspective of life. The pilgrimage helped him confirm his thoughts about Sikhism. Emmerdale actress Louisa Clein is a 42-year-old mother of three. She was born to Jewish parents and she played German Jewish refugee Zelda Kay in the ITV drama series Island at War. Back in 2019, she opened up about being the only Jew where she lived near Sandbanks, Dorset. Holocaust Matters reported the star as saying: "I moved to London and I met other Jewish people and it suddenly became more part of my identity and my life."  Comedian Shazia Mirza, 46, is a Muslim and she was raised by traditional Muslim parents in multicultural Birmingham. She was listed on the inaugural Muslim Women’s power list as one of the 20 most successful Muslim women in the UK. The star said it was not an easy ride to get to where she is today.  British professional Paralympic table tennis player, Will Bayley, is a lapsed Christian. This means he has stopped practising the faith.  Pilgrimage airs on BBC Two on Friday, April 8 at 9pm.