Manchester City goalkeeper Zack Steffen was left red-faced on Saturday afternoon after his howler cost his side a goal against Liverpool in the FA Cup. The USA international dawdled with the ball at his feet on his own goal-line as Reds forward Sadio Mane charged him down and forced the ball into the back of the net.  Pep Guardiola’s side had already gone a goal down inside the opening 10 minutes after Ibrahima Konate headed the Merseysiders in front after connecting with Andy Robertson’s corner. And City’s afternoon got worse eight minutes later. The ball was passed back to Steffen as City looked to play out from the back. But the 27-year-old took an age to take decisive action as Mane raced towards him. And before the shot-stopper could clear his lines, the Senegal international slid towards the ball and deflected it into the goal. Liverpool dominated the first half at Wembley as they endeavoured to keep their hopes of a historic quadruple alive. And City struggled to match the intensity of their fierce rivals in the capital as Mane added a third goal before the interval. Jack Grealish and Bernardo Silva scored for the Manchester team in the second half - but Liverpool held on to claim victory. JUST IN: Arsenal ready 'important proposal' to Paulo Dybala as Juventus ace set for 'three offers'     Jurgen Klopp’s men won their first piece of silverware of the season in February after they saw off Chelsea in the Carabao Cup final. And they are still in contention to win three other competitions. The Reds reached the semi-finals of the Champions League after overcoming Benfica in the last eight earlier this week. They also find themselves just one point behind City in the Premier League table after clawing back a 14-point deficit. And they have now booked their place in the FA Cup final. “Brilliant from Mane first of all - the way he’s prepared to work and close down,” former England striker Alan Shearer told the BBC as he spoke about Steffen’s mistake. “That’s what Liverpool do. He’s on the front foot. He sort of invites the goalkeeper - the first touch has killed the goalkeeper. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal    "Fantastic from Mane but his first touch - he’s all over the place with his first touch.” And the ex-striker has questioned whether Steffen should have even been playing after being selected ahead of City’s regular No 1 Ederson. “You’re on about stability,” Shearer added. “It’s very, very difficult to get that when the goalkeeper Steffen has only played three times since Christmas. It’s very, very difficult to get that. You’re changing the personnel in the back four, you’re changing the goalkeeper who hardly ever plays. It’s difficult to get up to speed.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 