Loose Women panellist Charlene White has taken to Twitter to issue support to her ITV co-star Denise Welch after her stalker was jailed for seven years yesterday. The ITV newsreader, 41, told how the ordeal that her colleague went through "cannot be underestimated" after Denise told how the ordeal has "permanently scarred" her life while addressing the court over videolink yesterday. In view of her 62,600 Twitter followers, Charlene reacted to the news. She wrote: "What @RealDeniseWelch and her family have been through because of this man cannot be underestimated." Earlier today, Denise herself took to the micro-blogging platform to break her silence following the trial. Sharing a link to an article detailing verdict, she told how she was glad the judge presiding over her case had taken what she'd been through "seriously". READ MORE: Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue Denise wrote: "Stalking is a serious offence. "Pleased that in our case we had a judge who saw this. "7 yrs!!" she ended her post. Denise's stalker has been jailed after starting a fire in the driveway of the Loose Women star's home, which left her "terrified". Toraq Wyngard, 64, was found with a kitchen knife in his rucksack following the incident. He was jailed for seven years and seven months on charges of stalking, arson, possession of a knife and criminal damage. Appearing via video link from America, Denise recounted the incident to Manchester Crown Court which occurred on 19 September 2020. She told how Wyngard started a fire in a skip outside her home in Cheshire where she lives with her husband, Lincoln Townley. DON'T MISS... Countdown's Rachel Riley fears show stint could spell 'end of career' [INSIGHT]Rod Stewart left Tom Fletcher mortified in ‘awful' run-in over songs [ANALYSIS]Nadia Sawalha causes stir with latest Kim Kardashian replica look [UPDATE] She said her partner's "piercing screams" alerted her to the fire when a member of the public knocked on the door after seeing the fire. CCTV footage showed a man in a distinctive baseball cap pouring accelerant in the skip before setting it alight and he was later arrested where police found a kitchen knife in his rucksack. The court heard how he claimed to be a press photographer after police discovered cameras in his bag. Five months later, while Wynhard was released under investigation, the Loose Women star found the words "witch" and "pimp" scrawled on their front gate in marker pen. CCTV showed him writing the graffiti as well as buying the pen at a shop. Denise said: "This whole experience terrified me and continues to do so. It has changed my life. "I have a wonderful life and this man has permanently scarred it," she said. Wyngard pleaded guilty to the stalking charges last September but his sentencing was delayed after he tried to change his pleas, claiming he had been "pressured" into admitting the offences. His application to change his pleas was rejected but Louise Cowen, defending, said he maintained he was not guilty, adding that he suffered from bipolar affective disorder and had not been taking his medication. Judge Michael Leeming said to him: "You have expressed not a single word of regret, not a single word of concern for your victims at all. Your only concern is for your own interests."