Time is running out for Amazon customers to grab one of the money-saving deals available in the retailer's Spring Sale. The promotional event, which began at the start of this month, offers money off popular products such as Amazon's Kindle e-readers, its Fire TV Stick range and Fire tablets. And if you want to bag one of these discounts you need to act quick as the Amazon Spring Sale isn't around for much longer, with deals ending after April 13. Among the top deals available in the Amazon Spring Sale include the entry-level Kindle e-reader, which now boasts a front light, having £30 off - which brings the price down from £69.99 to £39.99. This is the first entry-level Kindle to boast a front light. This feature will help you read in bed in the dark without the need for a bedside lamp or turning on your light, and previously you'd have to fork out for a Kindle Paperwhite in order to do this. The Fire HD 8 Tablet also has £35 off its price tag at the moment, which brings the price down from £89.99 to £54.99. Other Amazon tablets such as the Fire HD 8 Plus, Fire HD 10 and Fire HD 10 Plus have also received discounts, with these deals ending after April 13 too.  Amazon Fire tablets have long been a great option for people who want a tablet on a budget, and come with one brilliant feature you won't find on the more expensive Apple tablets - the ability to expand storage via a microSD slot. Elsewhere, Amazon is also running deals on its Fire TV Stick range, with the Fire TV Stick with Alexa Voice Remote, which usually costs £39.99, reduced to £22.99. READ MOREGet an Amazon Echo Dot for just £18.99, but there's a catch  If you're after an easy way to make your non-Smart TV access popular apps such as Netflix, Prime Video and Disney+ at the touch of a button then this deal offers one of the cheapest options around. While the Amazon Spring Sale ends on April 13, the retailer is also running deals on its products that will stick around for a while longer. These promotions include money off the Fire 7 Tablet, Amazon Echo Dot smart speaker, the wireless Echo Buds, eero Mesh router and Ring doorbell. 