The Russian oligarch denounced Putin’s invasion of Ukraine as a “massacre” in a scathing social media statement. Oleg Tinkov, a billionaire entrepreneur, launched a brutal tirade against the Russian President and the “failure” of Putin’s military forces. In an expletive-littered online rant, the tycoon argued Russian generals were “waking up with a hangover” to realise the shambolic state of the armed forces.    CNN’s international diplomatic editor Nic Robertson confirmed “no oligarch” has been as comparatively hypercritical of Russia as Mr Tinkov. The Russian billionaire claimed “90 percent of Russians were against the war.” He sympathised that “innocent people and soldiers are dying” as a result of Putin’s refusal to withdraw from Ukraine. A CNN report claimed Mr Tinkov took “aim at the top” as he targeted the Russian President and acting military leaders. Despite the searing declarations of the oligarch, Mr Robertson speculated it was “not clear” if Putin would acknowledge the bitter accusations of Mr Tinkov.    The Russian oligarch insisted an era of “nepotism, sycophancy and servility” was to blame for the war. Mr Tinkov blasted the “insane” leadership of Putin and announced only “morons” in Russia support his actions. Mr Robertson established that the billionaire had made a call to the “collective West” to offer “Putin an exit” from the war. Mr Tinkov begged western nations to be “more rational and humanitarian” in their approach to the conflict and offer the Russian leader a route out of the war. Read more: 'The UK and Canada will tackle Russia's sex crimes in Ukraine'   A report by CNN suggested Putin was “stuck in this war that he created.” Editor Mr Robertson explained Tinkov had urged the West to offer a “face-saving way out for President Putin.” The Russian oligarch proclaimed he could not foresee “a single beneficiary of this insane war”. Mr Tinkov confessed there were Russian people who “draw Z”, referring to the Russian symbol of support for the invasion but assured social media users the “morons” are a minority. Don't miss:Mothers ‘urge Russian sons to murder Ukrainian civilians’ [INSIGHT]How did Volodymyr Zelensky become president of Ukraine? [ANALYSIS]Putin's support collapses as allies 'dismayed' over unwanted war [REPORT] Mr Tinvok built his wealth through several successful business ventures, including the founding of Tinkoff Bank. The Russian billionaire stepped down as chairman of the bank in 2020 and has since lost much of his wealth as shares in his businesses plummeted following the invasion. Tinkoff Bank released a statement concerning the “private opinion” of Mr Tinkov and clarified he no longer made decisions for the company. Mr Tinkov is the first notable Russian oligarch to declare such stringent opposition to the actions of Putin in Ukraine.   