Kate Middleton has been seen for the first time since Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were at the Invictus Games. She joined Prince William to visit the headquarters of the Disasters Emergency Committee to meet with aid workers who have returned from Ukraine. The Duchess of Cambridge wore a beige blazer, and a similar tone thin-knit top, with black trousers and heels. Just yesterday, the Duke of Sussex gave an interview to NBC where he declined to comment on whether he missed his father or brother. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk where she analysed the Cambridges on their royal outing today. She said: “There’s clearly something subdued about William and Kate’s body language here.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'totally absorbed' in painting with Team UK Invictus kid “But whether this is down to emotional exhaustion caused by the comments by Harry yesterday or the subject under discussion during this visit is not something to be sure about. “The toned down air affects their styling as well as their body language here. “Both sit with their hands clasped and for most of their poses, their facial expressions look serious. “Kate’s hair is worn straight and her outfit lacks the normal strong colouring that might attract attention,” the expert claimed.  Judi continued: “In one pose Kate’s chin is raised but not in a signal of status or dominance. “The couple are always totally en point in terms of their interest and attention signals. “But their body language here lacks some of their usual energy and sparkle.” Kate’s glamorous outfit also featured a Ukraine flag pin badge on her lapel.  The Duke and Duchess also learnt about the DEC's ongoing appeal to support people affected by the conflict in the eastern European country. The appeal has raised more than £280million, including £25million matched by the Government. They have also had donations from companies, trusts, arts institutions, community groups, schools and individuals. William and Kate spoke on a video call with those on the ground in Ukraine to learn more about the work the funds are helping to support and the human impact of the conflict.  This is not the first time the royal couple have shown support and solidarity for Ukraine and its citizens. Last month, the Duke and Duchess visited the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in London. There, they learned about the efforts being made to support Ukrainians in the UK and across Europe. Kate took homemade brownies and granola bars as a small token of her appreciation for the volunteers. 