Channel 5's All Creatures Great and Small is currently keeping fans waiting with little news on when season three will land. Wrapping season two with a 2021 Christmas special, viewers know that the show will be back for at least two more outings, renewed to season four already. Housekeeper Mrs Hall (played by Anna Madeley) is a fan-favourite character and made several onlookers very happy by answering their questions.  Fans of the show wrote into the Masterpiece Studio podcast to find out more about her on-screen romance, her character in the books and more. Dorothy H. of Fort Worth, Texas, USA said she was: "Curious about what might contribute to Mrs Hall's reluctance to enter a romantic relationship (beyond that big hurdle of still being married)." Anna replied: "I think the arrival of Gerald (Will Thorp) actually takes her by surprise. "We've seen her on a bit of a journey through Season one, and then in Season two, I feel like she's very present and she's very able to enjoy her life there. Read More: 'You just cut your cloth' Pensioner Sue details how she stays warm on £12K a year  As season two came to a close, Mrs Hall admitted that she was warming to resident Gerald Hammond. As the lady of the house, Mrs Hall, seemed to be happy in her own company until she met Mr Hammond. The star continued: "She's quite independent. "As a woman at that time, she would have got married and had her son quite young. "And he's a grown man now, so I wonder whether being able to just be in charge of her own life, in a way, is quite an interesting place to be. But then, it immediately opens up other doors, doesn't it—once you think you've moved on from somewhere, suddenly another door is open. "I think Gerald is a surprise in that he awakens a side of her that she perhaps has slightly forgotten about. The idea that other people might start to say, 'Oh, is he your gentleman friend?' is all slightly uncomfortable, slightly exciting territory. "I don't think it's that she doesn't want to open up that side of herself, but I just think it's been a long time since she's been able to have space to, I suppose, prioritize herself in that way." (sic) Mrs Hall has appeared in all 14 episodes so far, and her character has a bigger role than her counterpart in the book series. The actress continued: "She's been a mother and a wife, and now she's taken the huge job being housekeeper at Skeldale, so to have the time and space to actually think about herself in that way is a new thing. DON’T MISS…‘It is his choice’ Giovanni Pernice reacts to Aljaž's decision to quit Strictly [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin heartbroken as Toyah Battersby adopts baby Alfie [SPOILERS]'No end to his ghastliness?' Lorraine Kelly blasts Prince Andrew over 'fraudster' claims [LATEST] "I'm excited about that opening up for her, I think she deserves it." Fan Abby N asked about her character being a "strong mother figure" and if she drew "from any mothers" in her life, or "from being a mother" herself. She answered: "She's been a mother and brought someone up to adulthood, and so she's been on that journey. "I'm in the middle of that journey myself. It's a huge learning curve, isn't it?  "You've got to appreciate your parents in a whole new light because you didn't realize quite what the job was that they did." (sic) On her character's transformation from book to screen, she described: "Mrs Hall is there in the books, but you never really get to know her. "But being curious about who that character is and the huge role that she plays in making that practice work—I think it's rather wonderful to acknowledge that and then bring it to the fore in asking, 'Could Skeldale House really function without Mrs Hall?' "No, it couldn't. Then, to be able to have fun with it." All Creatures Great and Small Series 1 and 2 are available to stream on My5. 