Following President Biden’s call for a $33bn package of military and economic aid to Ukraine and Senator Ted Cruz’s call for gas embargo on Russia, Mr Sadler said: “The American people are largely in support of providing weapons to Ukraine”. “[US and NATO] are certainly active but not directly involved” in the war, he said and urges European partners to “tamp down on Russian oil exports and try use US oil as substitute”. Speaking with Mr Sadler, GB News host Stephen Dixon asked: “Do you think President Biden is going to get his way with this? It is an awful lot of money.” Mr Sadler responded: “I would say that there is a lot of inserts in the United States. “There was a quite large and popular speech made by Senator Cruz yesterday about the need to tamp down on Russian oil exports, especially to a lot of European partners and try to use the US oil as a substitute for that. “The bottom line is No Russian oil, no continuation of this war in Ukraine. “That is gaining a lot of traction here in the United States. GB News host Anne Diamond also said: “Traditionally, the US does not like to or at least they say that they do not like to be dragged into other people’s wars, and yet here we have President Biden asking Congress for more money. “What is likely to be the reaction from Congress and the American people?” Mr Sadler replied: “The American people are largely in support of providing weapons so the Ukrainian people can defend themselves and fight for their sovereignty. “That is something that is widely supported on both sides of the political aisle here in the United States. READ MORE: 'Outgunned, outmanned' Putin sent NATO threat “So the additional money for weapons I think that will not be a problem. “The key thing is to make sure that heavy equipment is included, but what will not be sanctioned, I think on either side of the aisle, is direct US military involvement. “But I think the continuation of military weapons and continuation of large amount of money to do that, that will probably continue. Mr Dixon also said: “We know President Biden has said that this is not the US or NATO getting involved in the war. DON'T MISS: Truss blasted over ‘shoulder-shrugging’ response to hated EU deal [WATCH] Sue Gray's partygate QC exposed as anti-Boris Labour-backing Remoaner [LISTEN] Audience member lauds Priti Patel over Rwanda asylum scheme [INSIGHT] “Putin disagrees with that. “And in some respects [Putin] has got a point, as we as NATO countries may not be putting boots on the ground in Ukraine but if we are providing a lot of this heavy weaponry and if Ukraine is absolutely dependent on this, in some respects we are involved, aren’t we?” Mr Sadler responded: “Well, we are supporting Ukraine in their right to fight against Russian aggression. “We definitely are active in supporting an ongoing war in Ukraine, but it is a vastly different thing to say that we are directly involved in active combat”.