Cleaning goddess Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after sharing her ingenious cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning guru has managed to gain over 4.4 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips, one of which includes how to clean windows. Posting on one particular Facebook cleaning page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean her windows without leaving streaks behind. Alanna O’Connell wrote: “How can I clean my windows without streaks. No matter what I use or do, they’re always streaky.” Cleaning windows is a task many homeowners put off, with glass notoriously hard to get just right. Britons might pick up a daily newspaper to catch up on local and world news, but instead of throwing it away once all caught up, hanging onto its pages could come in handy for cleaning. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls The newspaper itself can be used to buff the glass and remove streaks and marks. Not only can this work wonders for your windows, but it is also a great way to recycle the paper for new use. According to Mrs Hinch fans, the hack is said to work “amazingly”, especially when combined with white vinegar. Jay Jackson said: “White vinegar and newspaper always works amazingly for me and there’s never any streaks behind.” DON'T MISS: Carpet cleaning: How to keep your carpet in ‘good condition’ [TIPS]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ hack to remove washing machine  [COMMENT]Cats: How to deter cats from your garden for ‘free’ [EXPERT] Emma Wild suggested: Spray white vinegar to your windows and buff it using newspaper. It’s a really cheap and effective way to achieve streak-free results.” Annie Moore advised: “Use white vinegar and newspaper, it’s magic. The streaks will be gone instantly.” Charlotte Miller agreed: “I use a combination of white vinegar and newspaper and my windows have never looked so good. Emily Wilson commented: “Newspaper and white vinegar is the best, no smears at all. My windows have never looked so good!” Andy Lister said: “White vinegar works wonders with newspaper.” However, it is important not to use newspapers which feature any colour, as this can come off and stain your window. Black and white pages are the best way to put this hack into practice without damaging your windows. White vinegar can be picked up from Tesco for as little as 29p. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using tumble dryer water to clean windows. Julie Rate said: “Tumble dryer water is the best thing ever.” Kerry Milne commented: “I used condenser tumble dryer water yesterday with a green Minky glass cloth and in 30 years my windows have never looked so good.” Fiona Graham added: “I used tumble dryer water for the first time today. Was amazing.”