Carole and Michael Middleton purchased their home in 2012 and have lived there for the last 10 years. They even hosted Pippa Middleton’s wedding reception there in 2017. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge may have had a very public wedding in 2011, but Kate's sister Pippa chose a much more private affair, hosting her reception at their parents' gorgeous manor house. Carole and Michael Middleton live in Bucklebury Manor, a seven-bedroom Grade II-listed Georgian property in Berkshire that boasts a drawing-room, a library, and 18-acres of land. Therefore it is understandable why Pippa and her husband James Matthews chose to celebrate their nuptials there in May 2017. Kate's parents bought the home in 2012 for £4.7million, after deeming their nearby former £1.5million property, Oak Acre, less secure. Between Kate, her brother James Middleton (who spent the start of the pandemic at the home) and their parents, the family have revealed a few photos of the home.  Carole and Michael have two living rooms, featuring a muted colour scheme, a selection of armchairs and two traditional log fireplaces. They also have a kitchen with a large wooden dining table and a conservatory with enormous Velux windows and floor-to-ceiling windows. Among seven bedrooms, the home also has five reception rooms including an entrance hall, a drawing-room, a dining room, a library and a sitting room. Carole shared an insight into what their private home is really like inside amid the pandemic.   Speaking of her favourite room in an interview with Good Housekeeping, she said: "My kitchen. It's a kitchen/dining/sitting room and it's the heart of the house." Fitted with a traditional white Aga oven, Carole revealed the open-plan area makes the perfect spot for herself and Michael to host guests. “I love a kitchen supper," she said. “Where I have a small number of guests.  “I'll cook something delicious and I make it look lovely, then we'll finish with a kitchen disco.” Kate's brother James also gave a look at the garden when he filmed a video of himself shaving his beard at home. As the camera panned to face his now-wife Alizee Thevenet, he inadvertently showed the patio with a grey outdoor dining table and various bushes. The clip also showed creeper plants on the rear walls of the building.  In total, the grounds surrounding the home rack up an impressive 18 acres and include a tennis court and an outdoor swimming pool. Kate stayed at the home with Prince William for several months following the birth of Prince George in 2013. They even shared their first official family portrait from the garden of the estate. The images showed an extensive lawn, lined with tall trees and bushes. 