Prince Harry, along with his wife, Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, broke with the Royal Family two years ago and have since pursued a number of their own commercial and charity interests. Chasing individual passions and doing their “own thing” is an ability the Sussexes have looked to have since their departure, but is something the Queen will never have. The same could be said for other senior royals, like Prince Charles and Prince William, Ian Lloyd told Express.co.uk. Prince Harry has previously described his father and brother as "trapped" in the monarchy. Mr Lloyd said that the Duke of Sussex is after, and may have succeeded in finding, a “personal fulfilment that a lot of members of the Royal Family haven't been able to have.” He added: “The Queen, for instance, only had a few times when she was normal.” The monarch has surrendered the “life of an ordinary person”, he continued. Mr Lloyd remarked: “She never ever received it. She’s never had a sabbatical, never had a few years off, she never had maternity leave or anything like that. “She's never really had her own life, she’s never had a lot of time for herself.” He said: “Whereas Harry’s got that opportunity.” READ MORE: Princess Eugenie's new announcement as royal follows Meghan and Harry Mr Lloyd predicted that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s departure could be part of a trend in the monarchy to pursue “personal fulfilment” as well as bowing to royal duty. He added that this is a change that “has been coming on slowly” over recent years. Mr Lloyd said: “The way the monarchy is going, I think people won’t be like the Queen. “The Queen has been phenomenal because she has had this tremendous belief in duty and in what she does. DON'T MISS: Harry's 'protection' remark mocked [REACTION] Queen could have a SHRINE at Buckingham Palace [INSIGHT] Kate proved destiny to be 'future Queen' during split from William [REVEAL] “I think increasingly the Royal Family - any Royal Family- would want to have personal fulfilment as well.” Harry is “not particularly cut out to be a member of the Royal Family, so he is doing his own thing”, Mr Lloyd claimed. He then said: “But also the irony is, of course, he is only able to do those things because he is a member of the Royal Family. “If he were an ordinary person, there’d be nobody interested.” After leaving the Royal Family, Prince Harry described how the institution “trapped” senior royals, confining those closest to a throne to a life he no longer wanted. He told US chat show host Oprah Winfrey: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don’t get to leave. “And I have huge compassion for that.” Earlier this month, the Duke made a pointed comment about those in the Queen’s inner circle, saying he was working to protect his grandmother. He told NBC it was “great” to be reunited with the monarch, 96, during a brief visit to the UK. He then said: She's on great form. "She's always got a great sense of humor with me and I'm just making sure that she's, you know, protected and got the right people around her."