Good Morning Britain’s Ranvir Singh and Archbishop of York have clashed over the role of religious leaders in the war between Russia and Ukraine. The Russian Orthodox leader Patriarch Kirill of Moscow has been seen as a vocal supporter of Vladimir Putin's brutal invasion.  Ms Singh told the Archbishop: "It's that dichotomy of having two men who were at the height of their religious power in terms of authority in the human world, talking to the congression talking to people, trying to broker peace. "That to men a the top can have completely diametrically opposed views of right and wrong, and good and evil over something that's going on in Ukraine." The Archbishop replied: "Let's be clear, it is Putin who has invaded Ukraine, not the Russian Orthodox Church. "I'm not disagreeing with you but again, I would want to come back to the heart of the Christian faith is the person of Jesus Christ. He is the one we follow, his followers are frail human beings with a great capacity to get things wrong, but the message is one of hope and peace and justice. JUST IN: ‘Some isolation, some clown!’ Brexit-bashers savaged as UK takes centre stage The head of Russia's Orthodox Church called on people on Sunday to rally around the authorities as Moscow pursues its military intervention in Ukraine. Patriarch Kirill has previously made statements defending Moscow's actions in Ukraine and views the war as a bulwark against a Western liberal culture that he considers decadent. "Let the Lord help us unite during this difficult time for our Fatherland, including around the authorities," the Interfax news agency quoted Kirill, 75, as saying at a sermon in Moscow. "May the authorities to be filled with responsibility for their people, humility and the readiness to serve them even if it costs them their life," added the patriarch, a close ally of President Vladimir Putin.  The patriarch's support for Russia's military campaign, in which thousands of soldiers and Ukrainian civilians have been killed, has angered some within the Orthodox Church at home as well as in churches abroad linked to the Moscow Patriarchate. On Sunday, he said that once the population unites around the authorities, "there will be genuine solidarity and the ability to repel enemies both external and internal..." Russia sent tens of thousands of troops into Ukraine on February 24 in what it called a special operation to degrade its southern neighbour's military capabilities and root out people it called dangerous nationalists. The Kremlin has failed to take any major cities since it launched its invasion, but Ukraine says it has been gathering its forces in the east for a major assault and has urged people to flee. DON'T MISS‘Brexit polls underestimate populists’ Issue that could sink Macron [ANALYSIS]Britain to slash EU red tape and invest £6bn in bringing over top brains [INSIGHT]People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's invasion [REPORT] Russian forces fired rockets into Ukraine's Luhansk and Dnipropetrovsk regions on Sunday, officials said. Missiles completely destroyed the airport in the city of Dnipro, said Valentyn Reznichenko, governor of the central Dnipropetrovsk region. Russia's defence ministry said high-precision missiles had destroyed the headquarters of Ukraine's Dnipro battalion in the town of Zvonetsky. Moscow has rejected accusations of war crimes by Ukraine and Western countries.