Manchester United icon Gary Neville has branded the team 'a joke' after they fell to yet another Premier League defeat at the hands of relegation-threatened Everton on Saturday afternoon. The loss on Merseyside was huge at both ends of the table, with Everton improving their gap to the relegation zone to four points after a disappointing loss to Burnley in midweek. The result means United have won just one of their last five Premier League games, and the Red Devils are now in need of a miracle if they are to secure Champions League qualification at the end of the season. Players such as Marcus Rashford, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Cristiano Ronaldo produced poor performances at Goodison Park, with United failing to threaten Jordan Pickford after Anthony Gordon's opener in the first half. Fans and pundits alike criticised United's performance after a lack of determination, effort and guile meant they fell to the struggling Toffees. And Neville joined the party as he took to Twitter to berate a poor performance from Ralf Rangnick's men. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Antonio Conte hints at transfer plans involving Harry Kane[QUOTES]Erik ten Hag 'wants to take trusted Ajax coach with him to Man Utd' after Rangnick warning [REPORT]Arsenal signing Hazard could force Arteta to fast-track plan and save millions[OPINION]  "United a joke," Neville said on Twitter. "Well done to Everton. Would have also been hard for Frank Lampard to hear Sean Dyche say what he said so well done to him. Some response." The Blues now sit four points clear of Dyche's Burnley side with just eight games to go in the season. They have won just three times under Lampard's control since he took over in January. And with a home game against Leicester in midweek, Lampard will hope for a similar performance to the one his side produced against United. JUST IN: Man Utd 'have approached Everton for Richarlison' but face competition Meanwhile, United sit three points behind fourth and fifth-placed Tottenham and Arsenal, although the Gunners have two games in hand on Rangnick's men. United have failed to qualify for the Champions League in three of their last six seasons, and could make that four from seven if results don't improve. The Red Devils face bottom-of-the-league Norwich on Saturday in a bid to rediscover winning form.