Up to 30 million workers will pay hundreds of pounds in extra tax to HM Revenue & Customs at the worst possible time, as the cost of living rockets. Today is April 6, the first day of the 2022/23 tax year, and you should check every possible method of reducing your exposure. You have six potential options to reduce your income tax and NI bill. Used properly, you might even end up paying less income tax and NI than you did last year. So check now to see if any apply to you. Check your tax code. If you're on the wrong tax code, you could be paying too much to HMRC. Most workers will be on tax code number 1257L, for those who have one employer and earn less than £100,000. Heather Owen, financial planning expert at Quilter, says your tax code can be found on your last payslip. “If you think it is wrong, contact HMRC as soon as possible.” The downside is that you could end up paying more income tax if it turns out you have been paying too little tax. Owner-managed businesses could reduce their income tax and NI exposure by taking pay as dividends instead of income. Everyone benefits from a £2,000 tax-free allowance for dividend income, although it will be taxable above that. Pay more into your pension. Workplace and personal pension contributions attract tax relief, reducing your overall income tax bill. Basic rate taxpayers get an automatic 20 percent top-up on contributions. So if they pay £80 into a pension, £100 goes into their pot. Those who pay tax at 40 or 45 percent will be entitled to claim further tax relief, via their self-assessment tax return. "By contributing to a pension, you cut your income tax bill today and boost your retirement pot tomorrow," Owen says. Most can claim get pensions tax relief on up to 100 percent of their salary, called the annual allowance, up to a maximum £40,000. Owen says: “Pension planning can be complex, so consider taking financial advice.” Check out salary sacrifice. Find out whether your employer offers a salary sacrifice arrangement, when paying into a pension, says Adrian Lowery, personal finance expert at investing platform Bestinvest. “This is where you agree a salary cut or waive a bonus in favour of taking the money as a pension contribution instead.” READ MORE: National Insurance tax rise - the handy hack to avoid the NI tax hike Salary sacrifice could be a good way for somebody earning just above a tax threshold to drop an income tax band, Lowery says. As well as pensions, you can claim salary sacrifice on things like childcare. vouchers and buying bicycles or even electric vehicles. Effectively, you pay for the product or service from gross pay, escaping income tax and NI on the money. However, this means reducing your salary, which won't be easy given today's pressures. It could also cut the amount you can borrow with a mortgage, as many lenders base decisions on the size of your income. A cut in salary may also reduce the value of benefits linked to your salary, such as life cover and maternity pay. Claim marriage allowance. This is available where partner in a marriage or civil partnership earns less than the personal allowance, and the other is a basic-rate taxpayer. “Couples can transfer any unused personal allowance from the low-earning partner to the higher,” Lowery says. DON'T MISS:National Insurance set to rise tomorrow - how much more will you pay? [GUIDE]Income tax may take a ‘big chunk’ out of Britons’ pay from this month [EXPERT]Sunak has MP befuddled 'You think Universal Credit is generous?!' [ANALYSIS] They can transfer up to £1,260 can be transferred in the 2022/23 tax year, potentially saving up to £250, Lowery said. You can backdate your claim to include any tax year since 5 April 2017 that you were eligible for marriage allowance. Claim on gov.uk or call HMRC on 0300 200 3300. Claim working from home expenses. If you have to work from home and your employer does not reimburse you for any costs you incur, then you might be entitled to claim tax relief for these extra costs from HMRC, Lowery says. You can claim a flat rate of £6 a week. To claim more, you will need to submit evidence such as receipts, bills or contracts. Get tax back on charitable donations. Higher and additional rate taxpayers can also reduce their income tax bill by making charitable donations. If you donate through Gift Aid, charities and community amateur sports clubs can claim an extra 25p for every £1 you give, and it will not cost you any extra. If you are a 40 or 45 percent taxpayer, you can claim the difference between the rate you pay and basic rate on your donation.