Jurgen Klopp has fired a warning to Manchester City ahead of Liverpool's clash with the league leaders in the FA Cup on Saturday - with the German claiming Mohamed Salah will finish the season strongly after an admittedly poor run of form following the Africa Cup of Nations in January.  Salah started the season on fire in the Premier League, scoring in eight of his first nine games and registering a goal involvement in every game from late August to Christmas. Having gone to the Africa Cup of Nations with Egypt in mid-January, Salah came back having racked up an incredible feat of going to extra time in every single game in the knockout stages, ultimately falling short in the final. And since then, his form has dipped massively with just four Premier League goals since early February. However, with the season now drawing to a close, winners always show up on the big stage. And Klopp has backed his man to impress once more against City having produced a superb assist in their league clash on Sunday. “It’s just in our business the problem we have is that in January he had the most intense period in his whole career,” said Klopp.  READ MORE: Man Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal  “The tournament went until the wire. They played in the final, they had all these 120 minute [matches], the role he has is super, super massive. There is a huge responsibility on his shoulders with dressing room meetings and stuff like this with no recovery at all. “Then you have the issue of being a superstar in your own country and everyone wants something of you. It is all super intense. Again – that is ok for the boys. But now we are in a period where there is no down [time] and that is completely normal. “But the boys here are focused every day. “Oh we still are?” I know that Mo will finish strong. It’s just at the moment we have to reset because each game for us is a final. From the beginning of January, that is crazy.”  READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal  The Reds could still win the quadruple, having progressed to the Champions League semi-final in midweek. They powered to a 6-4 aggregate win over Benfica to add to their Carabao Cup win and they still remain just one point behind City in the title race. No club has ever completed a quadruple in English football, with Liverpool aiming to make history. 