The hit Channel 4 reality series was back for another look at this week’s biggest television events on Friday night. This week, the Gogglebox sofa critics witnessed the return of Britain’s Got Talent and tuned in to Oti Mabuse’s new series, Romeo and Duet. However, one segment, in particular, caused a storm on Twitter after long-running star Shirley Griffiths insulted her husband’s manhood. Caerphilly couple Shirley and Dave had Channel 4 viewers in stitches while they watched Stacey Dooley’s new documentary. In Stacey Dooley Sleeps Over, the presenter met up with a 70-year-old dominatrix and took a closer look at some of her choicest pieces of kit. Shirley had Dave rolling on the floor when she announced: “You’d be no good love, you’ve got no girth.” Several fans took to Twitter during the episode, and some of them weren’t too impressed with Shirley’s deadpan comment. READ MORE: Simon Cowell admits BGT bosses ‘carefully’ cut controversial acts LukeHayesII said: “Why does Shirley always insult her husband on national TV?” @GregDav94758992 exclaimed: “Poor Dave! The fact he has ‘no girth’ has just been revealed to the nation!” @RachelLikesWine wrote: “To render your husband speechless after a long marriage is a skill @DaveAndShirley #lackinggirth.” And @palouze_ tweeted: “NOT THE WELSH WOMAN ANNOUNCING HER HUSBAND HAS NO GIRTH TO THE WORLD.” Thankfully, Dave and most of the show’s fans appreciated Shirley’s jab as simply a bit of fun at her husband’s expense. Many viewers still expressed their sympathy for Dave but admitted his wife’s rude humour was a highlight of the latest episode. “Shirley creases me up, @B_E_Andre tweeted. “Love the pair of them. What a great relationship.” And @Flipping_Nora_ simply said: “Shirley is on fire tonight.” (sic) DON'T MISS:Mike Bushell ‘at the head of betting’ to replace Dan Walker [INSIGHT]NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah shares update on season 14 [VIDEO]The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon on plots show didn’t address [INTERVIEW] Gogglebox’s adult content didn’t stop there, as Channel 4’s favourite TV fans were also nonplussed by a new anthology series on Apple TV+, Roar. Friends Jenny and Lee and brother-sister duo Pete and Sophie were dumbstruck by the episode entitled The Woman Who Was Fed by a Duck. The viewers in the series and watching along at home were shocked by the baffling and X-rated episode in which a woman is seduced by a duck. While most of the Gogglebox stars were rendered speechless, Giles and Mary engaged in a healthy debate about how the duck could “use its beak”. Meanwhile, Shirley and Dave have dropped in on their fans who continue to tune in on Fridays with a sweet new selfie on social media. On their official Twitter page, the Welsh couple wrote: “See you later #Gogglebox on #Channel4 for a few laughs xx.” They joined the series back in 2015, and have remained firm favourites amongst fans ever since. Gogglebox season 19 continues Fridays at 9pm on Channel 4, and is available to stream on All4.