Alex Jones is set to make her first acting debut in Amazon Prime Video's latest comedy Ten Percent, which will air later this month. The comedy, which is a spin-off from the French series Call My Agent, has a star-studded cast and will premiere on April 28. The comedy features many huge names including Harry Potter's Helena Bonham Carter and Line of Duty's Kelly MacDonald. During Thursday night's The One Show, Alex and her co-host Emma Willis spoke with Jack Davenport, who also stars in the comedy. As Emma and Alex introduced what was coming up on the show, Alex admitted her acting was "terrible". "We have got great company on the sofa this evening," Emma began. "You may know them as the ruthless Commodore Norrington in Pirates of the Caribbean, the intrepid Inspector Lestrade in Sherlock Holmes and the chilling Rosemary West in Appropriate Adult." READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts She continued: "Please welcome Jack Davenport, Eddie Marsan and Monica Dolan." "Good to see you," Alex chipped in. "It's nice to have a gang here." Pointing to Jack and Eddie, the host continued: "It's a bit of a reunion we understand for you two because didn't you work together about 20 years ago?" As the actors explained where they'd first met, Alex added: "We like to facilitate reunions on this show and here we are." However, it didn't take long for Emma to bring up Alex's own reunion with Jack as she discussed her debut in Ten Percent. "We can't help to hear about your new projects, you're in fantastic stuff. "Jack will be talking about his new show, Ten Percent, the UK version of the French Call my Agent, which is brilliant." "And you should know," Emma interrupted before Alex put her head in her hands. DON'T MISS...Carole Malone erupts in firey election debate over Partygate row [VIDEO]Death in Paradise star snubbed for BBC role over language difficulty [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Daniel Osbourne for affair with co-worker [SPOILERS] The host put her hands to her face as she explained she will be watching the show through her fingers. "Did you enjoy it?" The Voice host asked as Alex replied: "I loved it, but terrible acting. You will see." As the show came to an end, Alex and Emma spoke with actor Jack about what viewers can expect for Ten Percent. He discussed what it was like for him to play a character, while Helena Bonham Carter and Kelly Macdonald played themselves. He explained that 80 per cent of the cast were friends of his or people that he'd worked with before. At the end of the interview, Alex went on to speak about her cameo role, where she admitted it was "horrific". She said: "Ten Percent is available on Prime Video from April 28, and you might see somebody familiar. "It's awful... honestly the performance is horrific but I am there and I am proud to be there." The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.