Loose Women panellist Charlene White has taken to Twitter to weigh in on the backlash Prince Harry received following a recent interview. ITV newsreader Charlene, 41, slammed the "vitriol" towards the Duke of Sussex as "misplaced", after he appeared on NBC's TODAY show where he spoke to host Hoda Kotb and claimed he is ensuring his grandmother the Queen is "protected". In view of her 62,900 followers, the Loose Women star hit out at the "borderline obsessive" backlash to the recent interview. Charlene wrote: "I’d suggest watching the WHOLE Prince Harry interview with @hodakotb for @TODAYshow. "[The] link is below "It’s a really lovely chat, & the vitriol towards it is so misplaced, it’s bordering on obsessive. READ MORE: Piers Morgan claims Alex Beresford ‘rehearsed' GMB clash for 'fame' "Anyway, we’ll chat about it on @loosewomen from 12.30," she ended her tweet. Prince Harry faced backlash following certain remarks he made on the TODAY show. The royal described how he wanted to make sure his grandmother is “protected” after dropping in to see her alongside his wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands last week. Prince Harry told NBC’s Today show how the catch-up had allowed him to check that the Queen had “the right people around her”. However, following the interview, former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan took to Twitter to share his views with his 7.9 million followers. In response to the Duke of Sussex's words about his reunion with Queen Elizabeth II on NBC's Today show, Piers questioned: “By quitting Britain & living 6000 miles away? “By trashing her family & institution on TV? By snubbing Prince Philip’s memorial? By writing a book that will ruin her Platinum Jubilee?” Piers’ scathing response comes after the Duke of Sussex revealed the Queen was “on great form” during their recent meeting. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp tells court how Amber Heard issued 'roundhouse punch' [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, flaunts cleavage in sheer top as she does the SPLITS [ANALYSIS]‘Utterly cynical manoeuvre’ John Cleese lashes out at Tories [UPDATE] Piers, however, remained unimpressed and was quick to fire back at the Duke of Sussex's remarks. Following Charlene's tweet, her followers took to the comments to share their thoughts on the interview. Twitter user @eagleowl123 wrote: "[Harry] undeniably said some very odd and concerning things. I say that as a supporter." @kayschofield50 replied to the Loose Women star: "Please don’t bother! Bad enough having to endure Nicola Sturgeon on Loose. "Today should be about the birthday of our amazing Queen. Not having more me me from Harry! (sic) "How can he says he wants to protect her! He deserted her," they raged. @adwkwlawnaw commented: "I suppose the Oprah interview was a really friendly chat too," referencing Harry and Maghen Markle's landmark interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. Loose Women airs today at 12.30pm on ITV.