One power firm boss admitted there was “no question” the grim cost of living squeeze would cause the deaths of some elderly and vulnerable people. Caroline Abrahams, Age UK charity director, said: “Roaring inflation means this is shaping up to be the year from hell for anyone on a low fixed income. “However frugal they are, many older people are already struggling to make their pension stretch to cover the basics and the forecast it’s going to get even worse is truly frightening.” Pensioners are especially at risk. The state pension has risen by a meagre 3.1 percent – the hike in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) in September last year. But price rises are now soaring above six percent and it is feared that will top double figures later this year. The spiralling crisis that is pushing households to the brink is blamed on the fallout from the reaction to the pandemic and the global consequences of Vladimir Putin’s war in Ukraine. CPI has already risen to 6.2 percent – the highest since 1992. The progressive increase in the cost of goods and services will see it nudge 10 percent this year. Paul Johnson, director of economic researchers the Institute of Fiscal Studies body, said: “The Chancellor’s economic forecaster – the usually ever-so-sober Office for Budget Responsibility – told us our living standards would fall by more this year than in any year since comparable records began right back in the 1950s. More than in the deepest recessions. “Inflation has been driven to a 40-year high by a combination of the after-effects of Covid gumming up supply chains across the globe and spiralling energy costs, especially in the wake of the war. “Meanwhile earnings aren’t set to grow anywhere near as fast as prices. So most of us in work are going to see a sharp fall in the purchasing power of our pay packets. This will be a particularly harsh blow because earnings have barely risen in more than a decade. “The economy just stopped getting more productive in the wake of the financial crisis. The last 15 years have been almost unique since the dawn of the industrial revolution in the way real earnings have failed to grow.” The sobering report means 2022 may be the bleakest year and the harshest winter in living memory for tens of millions. It follows “April Cruel Day”, when every household was poleaxed by soaring energy bills. Also National Insurance contributions rose by 1.25 percentage points, with workers on more than £9,880 a year paying 1.25p extra in the pound. Some 66 million people were hit as gas and electricity costs soared by 54 percent as regulator Ofgem raised the average price cap from £1,277 to £1,971. Households may have to find £700 more from October as bills hit an eye-watering average £2,700-a-year. The squeeze has left millions unable to pay for a domestic emergency such as a repair. Which? consumer rights editor Adam French said: “Research shows one third of people would not be able to pay an unexpected bill of £300 either through their regular income or by dipping into savings. “Businesses and the Government must now be fully prepared to support the most financially vulnerable. If a company is increasing bills, then it must provide transparent and clear information in advance ...how their customers will be affected and what support is available.” Bill Bullen, founder of gas and electricity supplier Utilita Energy, claimed vulnerable people may die as the squeeze took hold, predicting: “Next winter it will be much, much worse and much worse for children also.” The Government has provided council tax rebates and tried to trim energy bills at a cost of £9billion, with the promise of an NI cut in July. But Ms Abrahams said: “The Government hasn’t done nearly enough for those who need extra support the most, such as older people dependent on the state pension, disabled people and family carers. It should raise benefits and entitlements to match price rises, as well as do more to help these people with their energy bills. “This is becoming a national emergency but so far the Government is behaving as though it’s just a minor problem. It’s a lot more than that if you can’t see how you’ll pay your bills.” Economic inactivity affects a record 1.47 million men aged 50 to 64 – up 179,000 in two years and reversing a long-term downward trend. Office for National Statistics data shows there are 609,000 more who left the workforce entirely. From December to February, 51 percent of out-of-work men in that age group had been jobless for at least 12 months.Stuart Lewis, chief executive of the Rest Less over-50s digital community, said: “That economic inactivity levels have reached an all-time high should set much needed alarm bells ringing. “Workers in their 50s and 60s are less likely to receive workplace training. “They are significantly more likely to end up in long-term unemployment. “We are particularly worried about people who haven’t financially prepared to stop working yet. “This can leave people in a very vulnerable position with years, and in some cases over a decade, to bridge until they reach the safety net of the state pension.” ---------------------------------------- Last month the Office for Budget Responsibility told us that living standards would fall by more this year than in any since records began right back in the 1950s. Many will see a sharp fall in purchasing power as wages fail to keep up with inflation. The Government was not responsible for Covid gumming supply chains or the Ukraine war causing an energy spike but it is raising taxes. National Insurance is taking a bigger bite out of earnings and taxes will rise to their highest levels ever. In the medium run it helps to have the kind of welfare state and NHS most want. But it doesn’t in the short run. What is almost baffling, though, is increasing benefits and state pensions by just 3.1 percent with inflation more than double that. The Government has given a council tax rebate and cut in this year’s energy bills costing a cool £9billion. And a welcome National Insurance cut coming in July will more than offset the increase we’ve just had for anyone earning less than about £35,000. But income tax will take a bigger chunk as the point at which you start to pay it has been frozen. And the February council tax and energy bill measures now look inadequate. But, as Chancellor Rishi Sunak says, government can’t protect all of us forever. The UK is poorer due to Covid and Ukraine and we will have to learn to live with it. Besides this will be less painful than for previous generations. They had less to start with. • Paul Johnson is Director of the Institute For Fiscal Studies