Officers from Lymm Police force in Warrington posted on social media about the fine which originated from their issuing a fixed penalty notice (FPN) for parking on zigzags to the driver back in December. The driver disputed that ticket which led to the case being heard at Warrington Magistrates’ Court earlier this week. And things did not go the driver’s way as the court slapped them with an eye-watering fine of over a thousand pounds. Posting about the proceedings on their facebook page, officers wrote: “A guilty verdict was found resulting in a total fine of £1,026.” One facebook user replied: “Ouch! Surely the motto is don’t park in the zigzags or accept the FPN?” While another said: “So glad they lost. Next time read The Highway Code about parking on zig-zags.” READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine White zigzag lines are painted on roads in the UK to show the entry and exit to a pedestrian crossing. Drivers must not park on them or overtake the leading vehicle when approaching the crossing. That’s because parking on them would block the view for pedestrians and the approaching traffic. The same rule applies to yellow zigzag lines, which are found outside of schools, hospitals, police and fire stations. Their purpose is to provide pedestrians, children and staff a clear, unobstructed view of the road in front of them. A sign must be in place close to the yellow lines detailing the restriction or times of restriction. Without the sign, yellow zig zag lines are not legally enforceable but white zig zag lines that are located at traffic lights and Zebra crossings do not need a sign for enforcement. White zig zags lines are classed as dual enforcement restriction, meaning both the police and the council can impose penalties for contravening the rules. The only difference however is that the Police fine also carries penalty points. Yellow zig zag lines that have a sign in place are enforced by the local council who have powers to issue motorists with a Penalty charge Notice (PCN) fine which is enforced as a civil matter and not criminal. Motorists are permitted to park on yellow zigzags outside of the times shown on the sign. PCN fines for parking on white zig zag lines is usually in the region of £70, reduced by 50 percent if paid within the times displayed on the ticket. As parking on white zig zag lines puts pedestrians at risk, police will almost always issue a FPN without exception. Unlike yellow zig zag lines, there are no exceptions to stopping on white zig zag lines other than to wait for pedestrians. A police fixed penalty fine for the offence will be £100 plus three points on the driver’s licence. Refusal to pay is likely to see the matter go to court, or a driver training course offered.