Borussia Dortmund have been the frontrunners to sign Karim Adeyemi for the past few months and a 'basic agreement' is now reportedly in place with RB Salzburg. But Liverpool remain 'in talks' with Adeyemi with Dortmund hitting issues in contract negotiations with the forward. Adeyemi is seen as one of the world's most promising forwards, following in the same footsteps as Erling Haaland. When Haaland was sold by Salzburg back in January 2020, the Austrian outfit already had Adeyemi on the books to step in as his replacement. Little was known about the young forward at the time after he spent some time on loan in the second tier of Austrian football. But he soon became a first-team regular last season and has gone from strength to strength this campaign. The 20-year-old has since gone on to make his senior international debut with Germany, scoring in his first match in a 6-0 win over Armenia. His performances this year have seen the forward linked with a move to some of Europe's elite clubs, and it appears as though Dortmund are set to win the race for his signature. According to Sky Germany, Dortmund have made a breakthrough in negotiations with Salzburg ahead of the summer transfer window. JUST IN: Darwin Nunez responds to Jurgen Klopp after scoring against Liverpool  A 'basic agreement' is said to be in place between the two clubs, but Dortmund aren't having similar joy in talks with Adeyemi himself. The report adds that Dortmund are still 'far away' from agreeing terms with Adeyemi. Bonus payments and specific clauses are said to be holding up negotiations for the time being. And Liverpool could seemingly come in and hijack Dortmund's agreement as the Reds are said to still be in contact with the young German. DON'T MISS  Jurgen Klopp's side had reportedly earmarked Adeyemi as a target in the January window before they moved to sign Luis Diaz. Paris Saint-Germain and RB Leipzig are also touted as possible destinations for the striker. Liverpool already have two former Salzburg players on their books with both Sadio Mane and Naby Keita spending time in the early stages of their careers at the Austrian club. Keita made the move up to Leipzig before Liverpool swooped in for his signature in a big-money move. Mane meanwhile moved to the Premier League from Salzburg, joining Southampton before Liverpool came calling. Adeyemi appears to be the latest player on the books at Salzburg tipped for bigger and better things in European football and there will be a clamour for his signature if Dortmund fail to agree terms.