More than half (55 percent) of those who have holidayed at the same resort don’t see any reason to change their routine, while more than a quarter like to see the familiar faces they know. And nearly a third liked the ease of not having to plan ahead, as they already know what to expect. However, 42 percent are considering stepping out of their comfort zone for their next holiday overseas. Eamonn Ferrin, vice president of international business at Norwegian Cruise Line, which commissioned the research, said: “The pandemic really put things into perspective for us when it comes to taking every opportunity we can and trying something new. “It’s clear much of the population struggle to get inspired to try something new, especially when it comes to holidays. “We see cruising as a great opportunity to see the world and experience places, activities, and cultures that guests may not necessarily have experienced before – and we can’t wait for guests to do so in 2022 and beyond.” It also emerged 42 percent have an annual holiday routine – however, over half (53 percent) intend to visit somewhere they’ve never been before on their next jaunt. Experiencing a new culture, trying food they’ve never eaten before, and enjoying a mix of the city as well as the beach were also among the top intentions. More than half also plan to book their next holiday abroad in the next six months, according to the OnePoll data. Guidance would be appreciated by 43 percent for their next trip – with how to get a better deal, what to avoid, and where to go the main topics where holidaymakers need assistance. The study also found exploring a new location, experiencing a new culture, and the feeling of adventure were the top things people enjoy most about a new holiday. And 29 percent would like to take a trip spanning multiple continents or countries, but have yet to take the leap. However, 56 percent thought it would be too expensive, while 31 percent didn’t like the idea of taking multiple flights, and more than a quarter wouldn’t know where to start when organising. It also emerged 58 percent are yet to holiday abroad since the pandemic began, but 44 percent plan to be more adventurous now. Eamonn Ferrin added: “It’s also been interesting to see the appetite to experience a new culture and try something a little bit different when it comes to holidaying. “It can be so easy to fall into the trap of doing the same thing year after year – however, just taking that extra leap can bring so many new memories.”