Emmanuel Macron, the current President, is expected to see the largest share of the popular vote, with 27 percent in favour of a second term according to the latest polling. His popularity has been buoyed by the Russian invasion of Ukraine and Mr Macron’s quick response to the situation as other EU leaders tarried. However, the National Front leader has had a resurgence in popularity in recent weeks after a gradual fall, with around 23 percent of the vote. This has been attributed to Ms Le Pen’s campaigning on issues currently affecting French voters, including rising prices and the cost of living. Ms Le Pen has long expressed Eurosceptic beliefs, and in 2016 said France should have a referendum on EU membership inspired by the UK’s own. However, she has since softened her stance, and is now calling for the EU to become a far looser union, an “association of free nations” according to her spokesperson. READ MORE: Marine Le Pen policies: National Rally's manifesto for a new France In February, she told Euronews that the EU must be reformed to allow for more individual member state autonomy or “other countries will leave” following the UK. She considered the economic bloc to be a “prison” even though member states could leave, as the UK had demonstrated. She added: “Maybe Great Britain can rejoin us once we've built something where each nation conserves their freedom.” But her proposals concerning the EU – the presidency of which is in France’s hands this year – may have far greater implications for France. According to Mutjaba Rahman, a former economist at the UK Treasury and the European Commission, Ms Le Pen’s manifesto pledges include questioning the supremacy of EU law, withholding French contributions towards the EU budget and reforming EU laws on inter-member trade. He commented that all these policies are “incompatible with EU membership”. Mr Rahman added: “In effect, it’s a policy of Frexit which does not speak its name.” The forecast comes after other EU member states Poland and Hungary were recently punished by the bloc for accusations of democratic backsliding, after parting with the EU’s rule of law. DON'T MISSUkraine LIVE: Czech tanks roll into Ukraine as NATO member [REPORT]Irish MEP 'absolutely sick' of EU's Russia plan [INSIGHT]Nicola Sturgeon's SNP slammed over 'cheap and cynical' video attack [REACTION] Voting in the French presidential election will not close until April 24, and there is not expected to be an outright winner from the first round of voting. The two most popular candidates – currently expected to be Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen – then go into a run-off. Polling for that second round has already put the Le Republic En Marche candidate on for a tight win – 54 percent to 46 percent – but that lead might shrink further in the final days of campaigning if Ms Le Pen’s surge continues. Mr Macron also has electoral history against him: no sitting French President has been re-elected for a second consecutive term in two decades. According to Mr Rahman, no President has been re-elected to the role without first losing power since the system began in 1965. Ms Le Pen is projected to creep closer to Mr Macron than she did in the 2017 election, which Mr Rahman said was because, put simply, “the French hate their leaders”. He added that “harder left voters in particular say they would rather stay at home than vote again for Macron, even if it makes Le Pen President”. However, just as recent events in Ukraine have improved Mr Macron’s favour, they may also cost Ms Le Pen vital support. Mr Rahman commented: “Her Moscow baggage, dumped in lost property for now, will reclaim her before she reclaims it. “She is against arms for Ukraine and any serious sanctions on Russia and says Putin should be France’s ally once the Ukraine unpleasantness goes away. Not very Presidential.”