The 46-year-old has returned to Augusta, the US golf course that helped forge his reputation as one of the world's leading sportsmen, as he competes in this year's Masters. It was the first time Woods has played competitively after sustaining life-threatening injuries in a car crash around 14 months ago. At the time there were even fears his leg may have to have been amputated. But the 15-time major champion rolled back the years with a brilliant opening round on Friday. Reflecting on his comeback, some 508 days after the incident, Woods said: "There is a long way to go, it is a marathon, but it is nice to get off to a positive start." When questioned as to whether just playing was victory enough for the ruthless American, the star replied: "Yes. To see where I've been, to get from there to here, it was no easy task. "I'm very lucky to have this opportunity to be able to play, and not only that, to play in the Masters and to have this type of reception. "I mean, the place was electric." While the golfing world was universal in its excitement over Woods' return to action, the star himself may not have missed some of those he competes with. According to a 2012 memoir, among those he has come to heads with included the Englishman and fellow professional golfer, Ian Poulter. Hank Haney discussed their relationship while he was Woods' coach, and noted a time when the pair shared a private jet in 2007. JUST IN: Tiger Woods roars back after nearly losing a leg in horror crash He explained that while Woods was often known by others for his coldness when it came to interacting with other players, he would always speak with those whose exploits on the course demanded his respect. Haney wrote: “Those he genuinely liked tended to be quiet, modest, hardworking guys like Jim Furyk and Steve Stricker, whose ability he respected but whose talent didn’t elevate them to the position of serious rival. “He kept the super talented at a distance. He didn’t want players who could be a threat to feel comfortable around him. “He was averse to certain players, especially if he felt their records didn’t warrant all the talk. “He wasn’t a fan of Ian Poulter, for example." DON'T MISS:Tiger Woods and Sergio Garcia’s furious 14-year feud recapped [INSIGHT]Tiger Woods was left 'so p***** off' after Muhammad Ali punched him [ANALYSIS]O'Sullivan tells Woods to play like he's got 'a 10-inch you know what' [LATEST] The coach noted that a couple of weeks prior to the US Open at Oakmont, in 2007, some players went into the Pittsburgh area course to get some practice rounds in. Among them was Poulter, and Haney said that while he was there he "somehow ended up getting a ride on Tiger's plane back to Orlando, where he lived". Haney continued: “Tiger stretched out on his regular spot, in the two seats in the front of the plane, and immediately put on his headphones. "That left me to talk to Ian, which I didn’t mind because I got along with him. “As we were conversing, Tiger texted me a rude message about Ian. As far as I know, Ian didn’t get any more rides.” But Haney said Woods' alleged frostiness with other players amounted to mind games and that most counterparts accepted his attitude. He added: “Most players never asked. “They understood Tiger had to have a killer mind-set to be as good as he was, and going out of his way for other people wasn’t part of the equation. “So even when distant, there was more respect for Tiger than dislike. In his own way, he was being up-front. They didn’t know him, but they realised he really couldn’t let them.”