Johnny Depp, 58, has been involved in an ongoing high-profile defamation lawsuit against his ex-wife, actress Amber Heard, 36. In the $100 million trial, the Pirates of the Caribbean star is suing his ex-wife while she is counter suing him. But, this week, tension was broken as the courtroom erupted into laughter alongside the actor when Johnny’s former bodyguard took to the stand to testify via Zoom link. Malcolm Connolly was asked whether Johnny had urinated in the foyer of the couple’s property in Australia during an argument in 2015. He replied on Thursday: “I think I would remember if I'd seen Mr Depp's penis.” During the trial, Johnny claimed he was dropped by Disney from Pirates of the Caribbean 6 in 2018 days after Amber wrote a Washington Post op-ed claiming to be a victim of domestic violence. In court this week, Johnny said: “Captain Jack Sparrow was a character I built from the ground up and was something that I, of course, put a lot of [myself] into the character and also having worked on these films with these people and added much of myself, much of my own re-writing of the dialogue and scenes and jokes. “I didn't quite understand how, after that long relationship and quite a successful relationship certainly for Disney, that suddenly I was guilty until proven innocent.” The actor claimed he had been approached “to take part in Pirates 6”. He also explained his intentions to continue playing the popular character until “it was time to stop”. Johnny added: “My feeling was that these characters should be able to have their proper goodbye, as it were. “A franchise can only last for so long and there's a way to end a franchise like that and I thought that the characters deserved to have their way out, to end the franchise on a very good note. “I planned on continuing until it was time to stop.” The Jack Sparrow star also claimed he felt “betrayed” by his Hollywood colleagues. DON'T MISSBoris Becker spotted with big floral bouquet hours before sentencing [INSIGHT]Rachel Riley slammed after arguing 'no one should defend Johnny Depp' [LATEST]Ann Davies dead: EastEnders and Grange Hill star dies aged 87 [NEWS] He said: “There was a very deep and distinct feeling of having been betrayed by the people that I had been working with, the people I had worked hard for, people I had delivered a character to that they initially despised.” The claims came after he previously revealed Disney had expressed concerns over the direction he was taking with the character. In a 2018 interview with GQ, Johnny went as far as claiming the company “hated” him. He said: “Disney hated me. [They were] thinking of every way they could to get rid of me, to fire me. “‘Oh, we’re going to have to subtitle him.’ ‘We don’t understand Captain Jack Sparrow. What’s wrong with him?’ ‘What’s wrong with his arms?’ ‘Is he drunk?’ ‘Is he mentally f***ing stupefied?’ ‘Is he gay?’” During the ongoing trial, Amber’s lawyer Ben Rottenborn asked him at the Fairfax County Courthouse in Virginia: “The fact is, Mr Depp, if Disney came to you with $300 million and a million alpacas, nothing on this earth would get you to go back and work with Disney on a Pirates of the Caribbean film? Correct?” The actor simply asserted: “That is true, Mr Rottenborn.”