WARNING: The following article may contain spoilers for Gentleman Jack season two. Ann Walker had a tragic early life as both her parents and sister Mary died within seven years of each other. Her brother inherited their family estate, Crow Nest but not long after, on his honeymoon in Naples, he too died. It was then just Ann and her sister Elizabeth left but her sibling went on to marry and move to Scotland. Not long after Ann met Ms Lister, the pair married in the first lesbian wedding before moving into Shibden Hall together. Unfortunately the pair only had six years together before Ms Lister died. After Lister died in Georgia in 1840, Walker had her body embalmed and shipped back to England as she wanted her to be in the same church as her aunt and uncle in Halifax. Lister’s change to her will meant Ann had a life interest in Shibden Hall and its estate. Walker’s family had a keen interest in her mental health and after Lister’s death they had her declared insane and placed in an asylum. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast guest on Rishi Sunak debate 'Two chancellors' She was treated by Dr Steph Belcombe in York, who had previously cared for her when Lister was alive. As Ann was declared to be of “unsound mind” she was unable to make a will of her own. After treatment in York, she went back to her family’s estate in Lightcliffe at Cliffe Hall. She remained on the family estate until her death in 1854, 14 years after Lister died. Ann was buried in at St Matthew’s Church in Lightcliffe but the church yard was demolished by authorities in 1974. However, a memorial plaque hangs in the tower at Old St. Matthew’s Church commemorating her life. While there are very little details about Ann, most of what is known comes from Lister’s diaries which were discovered at Shidben Hall by her ancestors. They were deciphered by John Lister but after the contents was uncovered, he was advised to burn them. DON'T MISS...Gentleman Jack season 2 cast: Who stars in the first episode? [INSIGHT]How many episodes are in Gentleman Jack season 2? [EXPLAINER]Suranne Jones husband: Is the Gentleman Jack star married? [INSIGHT] However, they were hidden once again before the panel before they were rediscovered many years later. In one extract from Lister’s diary she writes about considering Ann as a romantic interest. “Thought I, ‘she little dreams what is in my head – to make up to her - she has money and this might make up for rank’. We get on very well so far. And the thought as I returned amused and interested me,” one section reads. Actress Sophie Rundle plays Ann in the BBC series and said of her character in 2019: “I found her so interesting from the beginning because you first meet her and she seems like this shy, retiring wallflower, but there’s something else in her. “The way people speak about her, she’s obviously in this world where people are trying to marry her off but despite her crippling shyness, there’s a strength in there. “She’s not going to do what she’s told, and she’s going to strive to live with a semblance of truth.” She added to Town and Country: “She isn’t just one thing, she’s lot of things all at once—and she’s a match for Anne Lister.” Gentleman Jack season 2 airs Sunday April 10 on BBC One at 9pm.