Loose Women star Denise Welch awoke to "huge, sprawling flames" after her stalker set her house on fire back in 2020. The terrifying ordeal came to an end for her when the perpetrator was finally jailed earlier this month for seven years and seven months. The arson attack on her £1 million home was part of what was described as a six month reign of terror. Stalker Toraq Wyngard struck after she and husband Lincoln Townley had opted for an early night at around 10pm, leaving his son Lewis and her brother-in-law Duncan downstairs watching movies. "Suddenly, I heard Lincoln screaming. I ran downstairs in my pyjamas and saw huge sprawling flames outside the house," Denise recalled. Fortunately, a local had seen the blaze as she was driving past and had been able to knock on the door to alert the family. READ NOW: Piers Morgan brands GMB exit a 'farce', calling Meghan 'shameful' Without this act of kindness, Denise doubts she would still be here today. Lincoln sprang into action and started to move her car away from the driveway - and he was just in time. "Within seconds of him moving it, flames started spreading rapidly, they would have caught my car and the whole thing would have gone up and exploded," she revealed. Denise was forced to watch helplessly as the blaze spread to her garage, which went up in flames. The episode caused several thousands of pounds worth of damage and Toraq was found nearby after the attack in September 2020, carrying a knife in his rucksack. The incident caused lasting psychological trauma to Denise, who struggled to sleep afterwards and suffered terrorising nightmares. She shelled out extra money on security for her home, but could not shake her feeling of uneasiness that the attack might be repeated. Her stalker was initially released under investigation, forcing Lincoln to walk her to her car each morning before work in a bid to secure her safety. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [UPDATE] Julia Bradbury shares insight to her biggest 'support' [INSIGHT] A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman reflects on bad weather [LATEST] The star had been having 5am starts filming her role in the Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks, in which she plays dance school owner Trish Minniver. The next episode that shook the family was a graffiti attack on her front gate, which was covered in the words "Witch" and "Pimp", alongside an upside down cross. Chillingly, Toraq was again found to be the culprit, with the help of CCTV evidence - and he was also traced back to buying the pen that was used for the scrawls in a nearby shop. When officers searched his home, they found binoculars and covert camera equipment. He admitted to charges of criminal damage, arson, knife possession, stalking, and causing serious alarm or distress between September 18th 2020 and February 1st 2021. He subsequently attempted to change his plea, arguing that he had been pressured into confessing to a crime he hadn't committed. This claim was rejected, although his lawyer Louise Cowen argued that he had been suffering from bipolar disorder and had been off his medication at the time of the crimes. After his arrest, Denise revealed to The Sun: "My fear, my trauma, became anger at this point. This man tried to destroy my wonderful life. I’m just so grateful he is now behind bars."