2017 Masters Champion Sergio Garcia was left red-faced during his second round at Augusta on Friday after carding an embarrassing triple bogey on the par-four 11th. After pushing his approach shot right of the green, Garcia was left with a chip for birdie. The Spaniard looked to bump and run his effort towards the 11th pin, however it is fair to say that things didn’t go to plan. His effort raced past the hole, off the green and down the bank before finding the water hazard on the other side of the putting service. Garcia was then required to head over to the drop zone where he played his fifth shot onto the green. A routine two-putt followed for the former champion, however the damage had already been done as he trudged over to the 12th tee. His triple bogey left him on the cusp of the cut line, as it pushed him out to four-over for the tournament. He then looked to hit back though, as he neatly worked his way around the par-five 13th to secure a par. JUST IN: Masters 2022 LIVE leaderboard: Tiger Woods begins to struggle as Willett in lead  Garcia then instantly gave his shot back one hole later, as he bogeyed the 14th, but a late flurry at the final two holes saw him move comfortably clear of the dreaded cut line. The Spaniard holed back-to-back birdies on 17 and 18 to see him head back into the clubhouse at two-over for the event. Despite sitting over par through 36 holes, the 2017 green jacket winner still finds himself well inside the top 40, with conditions proving tough on day two. Overnight leader Sungjae Im surrendered his spot at the top on Friday after carding a two-over-par 74 to leave him at three-under-par. DON'T MISSMasters 2022 odds: Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy and Jon Rahm lead field5 embarrassing Masters moments - including Woods' horror 10 on par 3Masters 2022 radio coverage: How to listen to rounds live from Augusta  At the time of writing players sitting at five-under or more fall just on the wrong side of the cut line, and some of the games biggest names find themselves in this dreaded group. English star Justin Rose finds himself at the wrong end of the leaderboard, as did big-hitting American Bryson DeChambeau. One man who also looks like his week is over is Olympic champion Xander Schauffele. The American carded a two-over-par 74 on Thursday, however a difficult Friday has seen him fall even further behind and below the cut line.