Chelsea were a far cry from their best as they lost 4-2 to Arsenal in a Stamford Bridge thriller on Wednesday night. Thomas Tuchel’s side had gone into the showdown on a high after beating Crystal Palace in the FA Cup last time out. However, it was the Gunners who turned on the style to claim all three points in west London. Chelsea’s match with Arsenal got off to a thrilling start when Timo Werner cancelled out Eddie Nketiah’s opening strike in the first 20 minutes of the contest. And the goals didn’t stop coming on a frantic night of football in the capital. Emile Smith Rowe and Cesar Azpilicueta traded further blows, with Arsenal showing precious little fear as they hunt a spot in next season’s Champions League. And Nketiah’s goal in the second half, coupled with a late penalty from Bukayo Saka, gave Mikel Arteta’s side the win. Chelsea weren’t at their best at all, with Tuchel cutting a frustrated figure on the touchline. So Express Sport will now take a look at their worst four players on the night. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Despite the uncertainty over his future, Andreas Christensen has shown little sign of being distracted over the course of the season. However, this was certainly a night for the Denmark international to forget. Christensen was at fault for Nketiah’s first goal of the night, with his poor pass allowing the Arsenal star to open the scoring. And it was no surprise to see him hauled off at the interval, particularly after he’d sloppily given the ball away. Thiago Silva, while not exactly exceptional, brought some leadership to their backline but couldn’t stop Arsenal from running riot. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Chelsea were without Antonio Rudiger for the match with Arsenal. So that gave Malang Sarr a chance to prove what he’s all about in one of the biggest Premier League fixtures of the Blues’ season. Sarr showed signs of rustiness, however, after not featuring in the Premier League over the past month. He struggled to stop Arsenal’s speedy frontline from inflicting damage and appeared uncertain both on the ball and with regards to his positioning. A booking in the closing stages compounded his misery and whether the former Nice star is able to bounce back from this horror showing remains to be seen. Marcos Alonso has been a regular for Chelsea this term, particularly ever since the injury sustained by Ben Chilwell earlier in the campaign. But perhaps the frequent game time is starting to catch up to the former Bolton and Fiorentina star. Alonso was powerless to prevent the threat of Saka, whose speed caused the Chelsea backline countless issues. And while he did offer a goal threat, managing two attempts, it was his defensive display that was such a big cause for concern. Tuchel appeared reluctant to haul Alonso from the pitch but, with 10 minutes to go, rolled the dice by bringing on Hakim Ziyech. When will the real Romelu Lukaku stand up? After his horror miss against Palace over the weekend, Tuchel decided to back his £100million striker by starting him against Arsenal. But, in yet another big game against a top rival, Lukaku went missing. The Belgium international was on the fringes of the action throughout, putting in a virtually anonymous display as Arsenal claimed the London bragging rights. His second spell at Stamford Bridge hasn’t worked out in the slightest and it’ll be interesting to see if he’s still a Chelsea player by the time next season comes around, particularly amid links to Serie A with Inter Milan.