Prince Harry needs to "stay on board with the Queen" according to a royal expert who believed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have gone to great lengths to distinguish between criticism of the monarchy as an institution and the Queen herself. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry stepped away from their royal lives in March 2020, when they announced plans to establish themselves independently from the Crown.   Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer told the Express's Royal Round-Up that he expected Prince Harry to return to the UK without Meghan. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth, he said: "I think he needs to stay onboard publically at least with the Queen. "He has been very clear in trying to distinguish between criticism he and Meghan have made of the institution with criticism of the Queen. "I think they have avoided criticising the Queen."   It comes as Prince Harry surprised Invictus Games Team UK competitors with a video call as members gathered for a final training camp before the event takes place in the Netherlands later this month. The duke founded the games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe, by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics. After being delayed by the pandemic, the next staging of the international competition will take place in The Hague from April 16 to 22. The room erupted in laughter when Harry commented on the fact the competitors had had two years to prepare for the games and that therefore fitness should not be an issue.  "You realise that no-one, not just you guys, no-one's got any excuses for not being fit now," he joked. Harry also enquired about former royal army physical training corps instructor Vic Wales, who was one of the instructing staff while he was a cadet at Sandhurst. "Is my PTI from Sandhurst in here somewhere?" Harry asked, before spotting her and exclaiming: "There she is." He said: "I can't believe after, how many years, 15 years, our paths are about to cross again. DON'T MISS "You used to shout at me so much." Harry appeared to be told that he needed it, as he then said: "I needed it. Yeah, cool. That's also fair enough." Ms Wales, 44, from Newcastle, is taking part in five events - rowing, cycling, archery, powerlifting, and athletics. She broke her back in a training accident 11 years ago and was medically discharged. 