AC Milan are apparently in talks with Bahrain-based asset manager Investcorp over a potential takeover. And the Italian giants could be given a huge budget to sign four aces if the takeover is completed. Milan were once the darlings of Italian football as they won five Serie A titles and two Champions Leagues during the 1990s. And they built a formidable squad at the San Siro Stadium. But after playing in the Champions League during the 2013/14 campaign, the club failed to even qualify for the competition until they booked their place in this season’s edition courtesy of a second-placed Serie A finish last season. And the potential new owners want to bring back the glory days. According to La Gazzetta dello Sport, Milan could be set to target RB Leipzig midfielder Christopher Nkunku, Ajax striker Sebastien Haller, Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni and Roma winger Nicolo Zaniolo. And the new owners could put £300million in the transfer kitty. If the Rossoneri can secure the services of all four players, they could make huge progressions on the pitch next season and could even challenge for Champions League honours. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims    AC Milan are currently owned by Elliott Management Corporation, who bought the club in 2018. But they would become the first Serie A outfit to be sold to Middle East investors if the takeover is completed. The deal is expected to be worth around £827m, with the Daily Mail reporting last week that the takeover is near to being confirmed. Milan are enjoying a fine season this time around and currently top the Serie A table after winning 21 of their 33 matches. They are two points clear of Inter Milan, but their fierce rivals have a game in hand. And the title race looks set to go down to the wire. The Milan clubs, who share the same stadium, have also been drawn against each other in the semi-finals of the Coppa Italia and played out a goalless draw in the first leg earlier this month. MORE NEWSMan Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claimsMan City goalkeeper Scott Carson 'offers out' Sime Vrsaljko in new Atletico tunnel clipAjax boss Erik ten Hag responds after being congratulated over Man Utd job     AC Milan, meanwhile, struggled to assert their dominance in this season’s Champions League as they were knocked out at the group stages after winning just one game. Their group included Liverpool, who got the better of the Italians on the two occasions the sides met. Rossoneri fans will likely be full of excitement at the prospect of seeing their side provided with the cash needed to become a top side once again. So it remains to be seen whether a deal can be agreed in the coming weeks. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 