But 42 percent admit they now leave holiday prep until the last minute, despite being super organised in the pre-pandemic days. And 31 percent cram everything into the last few days, with 43 percent worried it will be cancelled up until the minute they get on the plane. Nearly seven in ten are anxious they will catch Covid in the 10-day lead-up, with one in three convinced they will get it before going away. And half think they will jinx things if they start organising in advance. The study was commissioned by Medicspot, which provides Covid-19 recovery certificates for travel. A spokesman said: "Holidays have been a novelty for such a long time now - people are anxious right up until the very last day before travelling. "However, there’s certainly an appetite among Brits to go on holiday following the pandemic, with the majority prepared to plan ahead to ensure they have the safest trip away possible." The study revealed printing travel documents, ensuring passports are up to date, and arranging travel were among the top priorities for adults when planning a holiday. A third also said checking the Covid restrictions of their destination was a key priority for them before going abroad, while one in four ensure they arrange their Covid tests and recovery certificates. However, nearly one in five adults have been on holiday without taking out travel insurance or considering the right currency rate to take with them. And a further one in ten admit they have not even considered the travel to their accommodation. But no matter how much they prepare, a third say there is always a mishap. It also emerged nearly three-quarters (72 percent) of adults think holidays must be carefully planned, with 82 percent believing people now need to be reactive to change their plans. When it comes to booking international trips, one in five feel completely safe to book a holiday regardless of Covid, with 29 percent still keen to go on holiday despite having concerns about the virus. However, a quarter (24 percent) will avoid booking any international trips until they feel safe. The spokesman for Medicspot added: "Despite restrictions easing, there is a sense of preparation among people to ensure they have the safest holiday possible. "The pandemic and Covid has only escalated this, with tests and recovery certificates being a key priority on people’s holiday list. "But the current climate shouldn’t put people off from going on the trip of a lifetime, especially after an intense couple of years of the pandemic." TOP 10 LIST OF PRIORITIES WHEN PLANNING A HOLIDAY: