The news comes as horrific pictures showing the scale of devastation and alleged war crimes left behind by Russian troops withdrawing from central parts of Ukraine. Already mass graves, civilian execution-style killings and cases of rape as a tool of war have been reported, with many now calling for Russian President Vladimir Putin to be put on trial for war crimes. The latest heartbreaking story reveals kids are now turning to their pets as a source of food. According to Tymofiy Mylovanov, an advisor to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, atrocities in Brovary and Chernihiv might be more "heinous" than those in Bucha - where Russian troops have been accused of carrying out "genocide". Documenting the list of war crimes, Mr Mylovanov said: “In Holodomor, in a village in Chernihiv region Russians took away all food. "People survived on what they had hidden, pets..." Mr Mylovanov said he had been told about a boy being burned alive by killers who poured a Molotov cocktail on him and set him on fire. The advisor also gave detailed reports of mass rapes, execution style killings, and workers in fields being killed as they tended crops. He implored any witnesses to such incidents to come forward. He said: "We are collecting phone numbers and contact info of those who are willing to talk, the names of the villages, locations."  READ MORE:EU shamed for fueling Russian war machine with gas purchase Global condemnation has been pouring in over scenes in Bucha not witnessed since the Serbian massacre of Bosnian Muslims in Srebrenica, Yugoslavia. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said he was “deeply shocked” by images of dead civilians in the Ukrainian town of Bucha. US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said the images coming out of Bucha were “a punch to the gut” and promised to help Ukraine document “war crimes” being committed by the Russian troops. Speaking to CNN, Mr Blinken said: “There needs to be accountability. “But I think the most important thing is we can’t become numb to this. We can’t normalise this. “This is the reality of what’s going on every single day as long as Russia’s brutality against Ukraine continues.”  DON'T MISS:Police launch urgent hunt after woman seen ‘assaulting baby' [REPORT]Female Ukrainian sniper slams Russian invaders as 'orcs' [REVEAL]Germany and Ukraine in furious war or words [INSIGHT] Michelle Bachalet, the UN Human Rights Commissioner said: “I am horrified by the images of civilians lying dead on the streets and in improvised graves in the town of Bucha in Ukraine. “Reports emerging from this and other areas raise serious and disturbing questions about possible war crimes, grave breaches of international humanitarian law and serious violations of international human rights law.” Jens Stoltenberg, the secretary-general of NATO, said the graphic images coming out of Bucha show “a brutality against civilians we haven’t seen in Europe for decades”. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said Russia’s alleged attacks on Ukrainian civilians in towns on the outskirts of Kyiv “are yet more evidence that Russian President Vladimir Putin and his army are committing war crimes in Ukraine”.  With over 4 million people fleeing Ukraine into Europe, pets have been a central issue in the mass movement of people. As a pet-loving nation, an Express.co.uk exclusive last month revealed how Ukrainians stated “bombs and bullets” won’t stop them from loving their pets. Measures are in place by the UK Government to allow Ukrainian refugees seeking shelter in Britain to bring their animals with them and avoid lengthy quarantine rules if they are able to prove the vaccination status of their animals. 