Tottenham head coach Antonio Conte pinpointed five of his players for special praise after Saturday's 4-0 win against Aston Villa. Conte took a mammoth step closer to guiding Spurs back to the Champions League at Villa Park after Arsenal and Manchester United suffered defeats hours earlier. Son Heung-min netted a hat-trick, Dejan Kulusevski registered a goal and an assist, whilst Harry Kane provided two assists of his own as Spurs ran riot in the Midlands. Conte's side are now three points clear of Arsenal in fourth with a far superior goal difference, although the Gunners have a game in hand. After full-time, Conte lauded Hugo Lloris, Son Heung-min and Harry Kane after their crucial contributions at both ends of the pitch. And the Italian coach also saved special praise for Spurs' impact players from the bench, particularly Lucas Moura and Steven Bergwijn. He told BBC Sport: "Seven games to go, and we are showing that we are deserving of staying in the race for a place in the Champions League. Hugo [Lloris] was amazing - we are talking about a keeper that has won a World Cup and everything with France, the captain of his national team and us. Important for us because of his experience, today we needed him, and he answered very well." JUST IN: Arsenal boss Arteta appears to blame his own players for 'sloppy' loss He continued: "We created good chemistry between ourselves, and we can speak about Son [Heung-min], but don't forget Harry [Kane]. And we have players on the bench who are important in Lucas [Moura] and Steven Bergwijn. "We need to continue to work with this application and intensity and desire because the club deserve much better than fighting for fifth, sixth or seventh. I like to be competitive." READ MORE: Ferdinand spills text conversation with Lampard before Everton win Jubilant Spurs fans were chanting, 'are you watching Arsenal?' in the away end in reaction to their north London rivals' 2-1 defeat at home to Brighton & Hove Albion in the afternoon. Saturday's lunchtime kick-off witnessed United collapse to another dire result, losing 1-0 away at relegation-battling Everton. Whilst their rivals continue slipping up, Spurs seem to be growing stronger under Conte's guidance and have won their last four Premier League outings. Since the start of March, they have won 5-0, 5-1 and 4-0, and now look in pole position to return among Europe's elite next season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here