HMS Ardent lay to a single anchor, her stern ablaze and sinking. We had experienced 17 air attacks over the previous nine hours and been strafed by 30mm cannon fire. Wars often come as a surprise and news of the invasion of the Falkland Islands stunned the nation. The initial view was that nothing could be achieved militarily. The naval view was different and the First Sea Lord Sir Henry Leach told Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher the Royal Navy could recover the islands and moreover they should be recovered. She jumped at the opportunity. The Argentinian invasion took place on April 2, 1982, and our task force sailed within four days. The Merchant Navy was called to the nation’s colours and provided 76 ships, from liners to fishing vessels. On the day of the Argentinian invasion, my ship was in Devonport after 12 weeks of exercises, primarily off north Norway. Atrocious weather meant my main gun armament needed repair from storm damage. Six days later we were heading south. We joined the amphibious force off Ascension Island on April 22, the day after my ship’s company celebrated my 34th birthday on the flight deck. Ascension, a volcanic outcrop in the South Atlantic, was about 4,000 miles or midway between UK and the Falkland Islands. A British possession, it was crucial to the conduct of operations. South Georgia, the islands several hundred miles to the south east of the Falklands, were recaptured from the Argentinians on April 26. On May 1, we saw the first air battles between naval Sea Harriers and Argentinian fighters with the Harriers coming out on top. On May 2, the submarine HMS Conqueror sank the Belgrano. Significantly then, the Argentinian surface fleet retired to its coastal waters and effectively played no further part in the war. Two days later, HMS Sheffield was struck by an Exocet missile, abandoned and later sank. It was the first loss of a major warship by the RN since the Second World War. Our main amphibious assault at San Carlos Water, an inlet off the Falkland Sound, was on May 21. The Argentinian air attacks were fierce and the battle lasted until May 26. Not since 1945 had the Royal Navy faced such an onslaught by manned aircraft. During that period, three escort ships were lost, including my own, protecting the amphibious landings. Two were badly damaged and five lightly. By May 26, when Brigadier Julian Thompson gave orders to start the land advance from his secure beachhead, the RN had ensured 5,000 Royal Marine and Army troops and 5,000 tons of kit were landed without loss. HMS Ardent had been the first of the amphibious force to enter Falkland Sound, tasked with supporting the Special Forces operating as a diversion around Goose Green and Darwin. I opened fire at 07.23 and after 170 salvoes, the Special Forces were able to withdraw safely. We later came under remorseless air attack at 16.00 and were hit by seven 500lb and 1,000lb bombs. Initial damage was to the hangar and flight-deck area. Our Seacat missile launcher was blown into the air, landing on the flight deck, killing the Flight Deck Officer. The ship’s Lynx helicopter was destroyed, fires broke out and flooding was caused by a ruptured firemain. A further attack put a 1,000lb bomb in the After Machinery Room destroying both generators and the switchboard. With only 20mm cannon and small arms available for defence, further attacks hit the stern, rupturing fuel tanks and killing or injuring the damage control teams. Three of the attacking aircraft were shot down by Sea Harrier and one by the canteen manager with a machine gun. Out of control and heading for shore, I dropped an anchor and the ship stopped just clear of the beach. Sinking by the stern, badly on fire and with imminent danger of the magazines exploding, I made the decision to abandon ship. Twenty-two of my people died, a terrible loss, but 182 were saved. I was the last to leave the ship. Our forces established ashore, there was some sharp and bloody fighting, on land and at sea, but the result was certain. The Argentine forces surrendered on June 14. What was our victory? The despicable Argentinian Junta collapsed, benefiting that nation. Our country had a massive boost to its self-confidence. The Soviets got a shock, and later, as Chief of Defence Intelligence, I saw documents that showed the impact. The Falkland Islanders, who always wished to remain British are now wealthier and more firmly established than ever. Years of operations in the North Atlantic in winter meant the Royal Navy could operate safely anywhere in the world. The aircraft carriers, once under threat, were recognised as fundamental to the success of the operation. But war is always terrible and we lost 255 servicemen. But what an achievement. Our people performed wonderfully and our nation must remember them and their actions on this 40th anniversary.