Workers are put into a variety of categories for National Insurance depending on their circumstance which could see them paying lower rates or being exempt from the levy entirely. Now the National Insurance rate has increased and the lower threshold is due to rise in just over a month, Britons may want to ensure they are classed in the correct category.   National Insurance rates for employees and self-employed people will temporarily increase from this month until April 2023. The increase of 1.25 percentage points will see Class A contributions rising to a total 13.25 percent with the average worker paying roughly £255 in extra taxes for the year. In April 2023 the rates are due to go back to 2021 levels with the 1.25 percent then being transferred into a new health and social care levy. This levy will be a first of its kind in the sense that working pensioners will also be charged this tax bill. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - but older pensioners get £2,400 LESS     As it stands, the current National Insurance categories are:  People in any category that earns less than the primary threshold do not have to pay National Insurance contributions. Currently, this threshold is at a maximum of £823 per month, with workers earning just one penny more being charged National Insurance. In June, the threshold will rise to match the income tax threshold, meaning Britons earning less than £12,570 annually not having to pay either tax bill. Certain National Insurance categories are also exempt from National Insurance.  This includes categories: People earning between £823.01 and £4,189 per month currently can expect a 13.25 percent National Insurance bill from this month if they are in categories:  Those earning this amount in category B and I can expect a 7.1 percent tax bill while those in categories J, L and Z being charged 3.25 percent. This is why it is vital for employees to ensure they are classed under the correct tax and National Insurance code as it could greatly differ the amount of tax and NI they pay. People earning more than this threshold are charged 3.25 percent if they are not exempt regardless of which category they are in. People who are unsure how much they should be paying in National Insurance contributions, PAYE or income tax can use the online calculators provided by Gov.uk.