The Queen is expected to make an appearance at the Epsom Derby next month alongside Camilla, where Her Majesty will be able to indulge in her passion for horseracing, according to Ms Levin. The royal expert also predicted the monarch to attend a service at St Paul's Cathedral to mark her Platinum Jubilee. Ms Levin told GB News: "Derby Day, which is going to be on this Saturday, the fourth of June, it's going to be a marvellous day for her. "Because she's got a horse running and it's the only I have to check with this what it is actually called it's a flat classic at Epsom, and is the only place where she hasn't had a horse that's won. "So she's going there with Camilla Countess of Cornwall, who is also just as keen on horses. "There's going to be a line of jockeys both working and who have retired wearing the silks of purple, scarlet and gold. "They're going to take her Bentley right up to the royal box, just to wear the royal boxes it is just a few stairs so she can go to that." She added: "Then I think the other one that she would really try to go to is the service in St Paul's Cathedral because she is a religious woman, a woman of great faith. "I think that that event will actually seal the day for her. "I don't know whether we will see her at any other times, I don't think she'll go to the big breakfast or the big lunch, which Camilla is handling." It comes as the Queen's 96th birthday was marked by the release of a picture showing her indulging her passion for horses and ponies. Standing with two of her Fell ponies, the Queen was photographed as the build-up begins for the Royal Windsor Horse Show, which commissioned the image. On Thursday salutes rang out across the capital in honour of the Queen's anniversary and Prime Minister Boris Johnson paid tribute to the monarch for her "dedicated and faultless service" over 70 years. In his tribute, Mr Johnson said in a pre-recorded video posted on Twitter: "I'm delighted to wish Your Majesty a very happy birthday and to pay my heartfelt tribute to your 70 years of dedicated and faultless service to our country and the Commonwealth. DON'T MISS Queen uses secret phone line to call Princess Anne [INSIGHT] Kate and William hit with Harry question during visit as row erupts [REPORT] 'Incredibly tactile' Meghan and Harry's unusual public interaction [ANALYSIS] "Millions of people cherish a particular moment of your reign, and for me, it has to be the opening ceremony of the London Olympics in 2012, when Your Majesty arrived, at least figuratively, by jumping from a helicopter escorted by James Bond. "And then the trumpets sounded, and Your Majesty made your entrance and the entire stadium rose as one and burst into applause. "Thousands of people from almost every country in the world, with a billion more watching at home and that fantastic moment showed yet again Your Majesty's unique ability to bring people together in joyful harmony." The head of state also received well-wishes from the Prince of Wales, Duchess of Cornwall and Duke and Duchess of Cambridge as she marked her birthday privately. 