A cleaner who shares her top tips online told Express.co.uk her go-to one-hour method for deep oven cleaning. Cleaner Hailey Becnel, from Florida, runs the Instagram account @thecleaningchannel. She also posts her cleaning expertise on her TikTok account, The Cleaning Channel. "I have several methods to tackle grease and several products that easily get the job done," she told Express.co.uk readers. "My number one product for the oven is Easy-Off Oven Cleaner." The Easy Off Fume Free Oven Cleaner was voted the best overall oven cleaner of 2021 by Good Housekeeping. It loosens grime in 30 seconds, leaving grease easy to wipe away, and works in a cold oven. It's great to spot clean spills, but can be used for a deep clean by leaving it to sit longer. READ MORE: How to clean an oven: Cleaning guru's 'fantastic' tip 'makes the job super easy' This is Hailey's method, who leaves it to sit for an hour. The company advises the product can be left for up to two hours. "Apply the cleaner directly to the built-up grease, let it sit for one hour, and wipe clean. "It is that simple! You can also use this on your oven glass." The oven can also be cleaned with natural ingredients you may already have around the house. Baking soda and lemon are just two of the natural products that slice through grease, and they can be used together for cleaning the oven. DON'T MISS'Amazing product': £1 trick to clean grease from the oven [EXPERT] How to clean an oven door with bicarbonate of soda [GUIDE] Dish soap works great at tackling grease [CLEANING] 1. Mix two tablespoons of baking soda with a teaspoon of water. 2. Stir together to make a paste 3. Spread this paste over the grease area you are tackling 4. Let it sit until dry 5. Spay vinegar over the paste, and allow it to fix 6. Use a scratch-free sponge to wipe away the dirt Use the bowl method The bowl method is great if used after you're done with the oven. Once you are done cooking, put a bowl of water in the oven and set the oven to a high setting for 20 minutes. This will allow the water vapours to loosen the grime and grease in the oven. After 20 minutes, remove the bowl, allow the oven to cool, and then wipe down the interior surfaces. Use roasting bags Roasting bags cover good, preventing spills and grease explosions in the oven. Line the oven floor Put down tin foil on the bottom of the oven when you cook to catch any spills. Do a weekly clean Little and often is better. A weekly clean will prevent the need for a deep clean so often. Hailey also shared her shower cleaning tips with Express.co.uk readers. She discussed eliminating soap scum, a notoriously tricky substance to clean. The mum said: "For a dirty shower door I will always use a non-scratch sponge and liquid Bar Keepers Friend, a product I love." She said: "The Bar Keepers Friend breaks down any hard water stains."