 Last week, Prince William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, enjoyed a skiing holiday with their three children — Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Their trip coincided with Harry and his wife Meghan Markle’s whirlwind visit to the UK en route to attending the Invictus Games. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex paid a visit to Windsor, where they met with both the Queen and Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall.  The Cambridges’ half-term ski trip meant that William missed the opportunity to see his younger brother. Reports of a rift between them were exacerbated by the Sussexes’ tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. During the broadcast, Harry said that William and Charles were “trapped” within the Firm. Royal commentator and PR expert Richard Fitzwilliams told the To Di For Daily podcast last month that he sees “no rift being healed”.  He said: “In my view, both brothers were inseparable. “And there’s no doubt that one of the tragedies is that they’ve taken very, very different roads. “And I see no, no rift being healed, unfortunately, because what you’re looking at now is a memoir that Harry is writing that’s coming out in the autumn now. “The problem is what is going to be in that book.  He told Kinsey Schofield, To Di For Daily’s founder: “It’s very difficult after Oprah, which is just over a year ago, and I thought it was so destructive, and also open to different interpretations, and they were full of inaccuracies, in a lot of it. “As the Queen said, so well, although there was very little she could say the damage had been done… ‘Some recollections may vary.’” Last summer, Harry announced that he would be releasing an "intimate and heartfelt memoir". According to the Archewell website, the book is his "definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him". DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry invited to Buckingham Palace -inside the Queen's home [LATEST]Prince Harry 'will want to' heal rift with Royal Family [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle is Harry's 'unashamed fan' in Invictus Games speech [INSIGHT]  While the content of the book has not been revealed, one royal author believes that the Duke of Sussex could go after Charles or William. Tina Brown, author of ‘The Palace Papers’ told the Telegraph last week: “[Prince] William was disgusted about Meghan’s attack on Kate because she can’t answer back. “But that’s nothing compared to how furious he’s going to be when this book comes out. “Because Harry’s not going to go after the Queen, she’s sacrosanct. And he probably won’t go after Kate, whom he’s very fond of.  “But he will go after Charles and Camilla and maybe William.” She added: “And that’s so unhelpful to them all at this particular moment; for William that’s the big cloud in their relationship right now.” Harry and William are understood not to have seen each other since July last year when they unveiled a statue of their late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. Many royal watchers believed that their reunion would be the start of thawing tensions.  However, it did not mark a new beginning for William and Harry’s relationship. Instead, Harry flew back to Los Angeles shortly after the unveiling. Following their recent visit to the UK, the Sussexes have been invited to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations but will not have a formal role. According to reports, royal aides are said to be working on the assumption that non-working members of the Royal Family, including Harry, Meghan and Prince Andrew will be invited to some events.  They could also make an appearance on the royal balcony and at the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. The Queen and Charles are yet to meet Harry and Meghan’s youngest child — Lilibet Diana. A source close to the Sussexes told the Mirror: “Both the Duke and Duchess are very mindful the Queen is getting older and has had health issues associated with her great age. “They have made it clear they are certainly planning to return to see the Queen with their family in the near future.”