Nike have hailed the return of Tiger Woods "phenomenal" with the golf icon on the brink of playing at The Masters this week. Woods, 46, has been undergoing rehabilitation ever since his high speed car crash left February, which left the 15-time major champion needing emergency surgery after sustaining multiple breaks and fractures in both legs. It left many to question whether the American would ever return to the sport, but he did defy doubters by playing the PNC Championship with son Charlie in December. And then despite the widely held assumption that he was still months away from being fit enough for PGA Tour events, he was included in the provisional entry list for The Masters last month. And then speculation over his participation ramped up last Tuesday, when he completed a practice round on the famous course with Charlie and friend Justin Thomas. Woods then returned to the venue on Sunday, and immediately took to the practice area in a bid to continue his preparation. Sponsors Nike have now weighed in on the prospect of him taking to the first tee on Thursday. Woods has been associated with the company ever since signing a deal with them in 1996, shortly after his 21st birthday, and the following year he won his first green jacket. JUST IN: Tiger Woods confirms he's heading to Augusta with Masters return on the cards In a released statement, Nike said: “Like golf fans around the world, we are delighted to see Tiger back on the course. He is an incredible athlete, and it is phenomenal to see him returning to the game at this level. "His story continues to transcend sports. As he continues his return, we will work with him to meet his new needs." Woods himself has remained cautious on the matter, despite all the signs pointing towards him playing in an event he so famously won for a fifth time in 2019. DON'T MISS:Brooks Koepka snatches fan's phone in heated exchange – 'Get it out of my face, man!'Why Rory McIlroy will end his Masters hoodoo after agonising Augusta near-missesTiger Woods' world ranking record shattered by Scottie Scheffler after WGC Match Play win On Sunday, he tweeted: "I will be heading up to Augusta today to continue my preparation and practice. It will be a game-time decision on whether I compete." Should he do so, it will be provide another chapter to the epic story surrounding Woods and Augusta. He burst onto the scene in 1997 with his first major win there, by a record margin of 12 shots, before also prevailing in 2001, 2002, 2005.