Wayne Rooney has been tipped to win the Championship Manager of the Year award, despite failing to guide Derby County away from relegation. Off-field disaster and subsequent sanctions proved too big a hurdle to leap for Rooney and Derby, who will play League One football next season. Financial problems led to former owner Mel Morris placing the club in administration on September 22. With that came a 12-point deduction, dropping Derby from 12th to rock-bottom in the Championship on minus two points. The Rams were then hit with a further nine-point deduction after admitting breaches of EFL accounting rules, pegging them back to minus three points. Such issues resulted in Rooney losing several first-team players and having to rely on inexperienced youth stars and free agents to fill his team sheet. Without the points deductions, Derby would be in 17th on 52 points, 18 points into safety and as close to the play-off spots as the bottom three. And as a result, Ince is one of many fans and pundits to hail Rooney's work in the first managerial position of his promising coaching career. JUST IN: Man City 'agreeing Haaland terms' may be bad news for four stars He said: "When awards come out at the end of the season, they'll probably give it to Marco Silva because Fulham got promoted. But it should go to Wayne Rooney because of the job he's done with the budget and financial situation. To me, it's a no-brainer. "That shows how well he's done as a manager, with his style of football. He takes risks [and] he entertains, like what he was as a player. When I was given this job at Reading, a lot of people raised a few eyebrows because of the time I've been out. READ MORE: Chelsea ace Antonio Rudiger’s stance on sealing Man Utd transfer "I think it's the same situation with Wazza when he was introduced as manager at Derby. What he's shown is that he's more than capable of being a very good manager. To get to this point of the season with a 21-point deduction and just get relegated now shows how well he's done." The Manchester United and England icon has publicly stated his desire to remain at Pride Park to help guide Derby back where they belong in the English football pyramid. But he's stressed the importance of a successful takeover and warned fans of the club-threatening implications if that doesn't go through soon. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.