Manchester United ace Cristiano Ronaldo was applauded by Arsenal fans at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday just days after announcing the death of his baby son. Gunners fans took to their feet in the seventh minute to pay their respects after Liverpool fans had done the same in midweek following the tragic news.  Ronaldo and his partner Georgina Rodriguez were expecting twins. The Portugal forward revealed, however, that the baby girl had been born but the baby boy had sadly not survived. And the player was given compassionate leave by the Red Devils amid an outpouring of support from the football community. Ronaldo missed United’s defeat to Liverpool on Tuesday night as fans on Merseyside paid their respects. But the ace returned to the starting line-up as the Red Devils looked to get back to winning ways at the Emirates Stadium. And fans in north London followed Liverpool’s lead as they applauded Ronaldo for a minute. The television cameras showed Ronaldo as the applause was taking place - and the 37-year-old looked appreciative of the gesture. READ MORE: Alexandre Lacazette wants to leave Arsenal due to 'problems' with Mikel Arteta    Arsenal took just two minutes to score the opening goal of the afternoon in the capital as Nuno Tavares put his side ahead after David de Gea had parried Bukayo Saka’s effort. And the Gunners thought they had doubled their advantage after Eddie Nketiah had finished well after more good work from Saka. But the goal was ruled out as Nketiah had strayed offside. Mikel Arteta’s men did eventually go 2-0 up just after the half-hour mark as Saka converted a penalty after he had been tripped by Alex Telles in the build-up to Nketiah's ruled out goal. But United reduced their deficit two minutes later as Ronaldo turned in Nemanja Matic’s cross. The first half was action-packed as both sides looked to wrestle the advantage, but United were unable to find an equaliser before the break. Ralf Rangnick’s team started the day three points behind their rivals and would have been well aware that defeat would have all but ended their hopes of securing a top-four Premier League finish. DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Harry Maguire to be 'benched' by Ralf Rangnick for crunch Arsenal clashJamie Carragher advises two Man Utd targets to 'run a mile' despite Ten Hag appointmentErik ten Hag shown first Man Utd task as Rangnick echoes Mourinho issue four years on   There had been quiet optimism at Old Trafford in September after the club had signed Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Ronaldo on their way to winning four of their opening five league games. But they suffered a precipitous downturn in fortunes over the autumn as previous boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was given his marching orders. Interim manager Rangnick has fared little better, with players coming under fire for their poor performances this season. And although Ronaldo hasn’t been immune to his share of the flack, the veteran has at least racked up 22 goals for the Red Devils since joining them for a second time. So if Rangnick’s side are to qualify for next season’s Champions League, Ronaldo will surely have a big part to play. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 