The conversation concerning menopause was not the first time the presenter has spoken about her ordeal, but was the first time she shared the story behind her going on HRT. Speaking to fellow panellists, which included Colleen Nolan, Langsford said: “I had a moment with Jack [the son she shares with husband Eamonn Holmes] where we were supposedly clearing his room, he was having it decorated or something and he wasn't pulling his weight and I had a complete overreaction, screaming at him." In light of the current HRT situation, many female celebrities are speaking out about their personal menopause experiences, in a bid to normalise the topic and reassure others that they are not alone in their feelings. “I remember running out of his room, slamming the door between our kitchen and upstairs that's got glass in it, so I thought, 'That's going to break,' ran up to my bedroom and threw myself on the bed and cried like a teenager," Ruth recalled. "Then it was like I woke up, 'What just happened? That was such an overreaction." She added: "Then I thought I need to go to the doctor so I think everyone's had those moments." Menopause can affect indivduals in various ways, with symptoms ranging from hot flushes to low mood and anxiety. Both physical and mental symptoms can have a drastic effect on an individual’s ability to go about their daily lives.  READ MORE: Pancreatic cancer symptoms: 'A particularly bad odour' when you go to the toilet is a sign  Langsford has used her social media pages to address certain symptoms, including hair thinning, insomnia and changes to her body and weight. Speaking back in 2017, Langsford went on to say: “A few years ago I stopped being able to sleep. I would wake up in the night boiling hot, I'd throw off the covers and then wake up freezing. It would happen so often that after a few months I was completely exhausted. “It completely affects my ability to lose weight. I try not to let it ruin my life but at least you're doing those things and you're going to boot camp. You're trying your best. As long as you're enjoying your life and living your life it's not all about your weight. “I felt I was losing my energy, losing a bit of who I was. But I am always pragmatic, so I made an appointment to see my GP."  As well as seeking help from her GP, Langsford changed her lifestyle and diet, aiming to use the gym that the star has in her garage. However, due to her busy work schedule, she admitted that working out can sometimes be a struggle. Langsford also stressed the importance of having a degree of acceptance, especially when it comes to body changes. Despite symptoms, the NHS explains that the first sign you might be going through menopause is a change in the normal pattern of your periods. This can include unusually light or heavy periods which happen every two to three weeks, or months apart. For many individuals HRT is a hugely successful way of managing symptoms including brain fog and joint pains. It can also help prevent thinning of bones and osteoporosis - which is more common after menopause.  There are two main types of HRT, both of which can be taken in several ways including through tablets, patches and through gels: Currently however, shortages of the medicine have reportedly left some women in desperation, and willing to travel hundreds of miles in search of it or share the medication of others. Offering some recent advice, Dr Paula Briggs, a consultant and Chair Elect of British Menopause Society, said: “Please don’t panic, the British Menopause Society publishes equivalent doses of alternative products, which would just be in the short term until there is a solution to the supply chain issue with HRT. It might last for several months but the bigger picture is we are looking towards a long-term solution to make sure this does not happen again.” Alternatives to HRT include: 