The Environment Agency have announced two flood alerts, which became active on Monday evening, and are set to end on Tuesday. The flood alerts in place are due to spring tides which make water levels higher than usual and this combined with strong wind gusts has led to the flood warnings.  The first flood alert began at 5:10pm on Monday evening for the Somerset coast at Porlock Weir where flooding is possible, and residents should be prepared. The Environment Agency said: “Monday evening’s tide at 9:00pm is higher than normal due to high spring tides and strong winds” and the alert will be removed or updated by 10:00am on Tuesday. The areas most at risk include the coastline between Gore Point and Hurlstone Point including Porlock Weir. The Agency noted that properties are not expected to be at risk of flooding, but residents are advised to be careful along beaches, promenades, coastal footpaths and roads as waves and spray could cause a hazard.  The second alert was put in place at 7:23pm on Monday for the Tidal Thames riverside from Putney Bridge to Teddington Weir. High tides are forecast at Richmond at 5:15am and 5:30pm with a risk of flooding on low-lying roads and footpaths that could last for a couple of hours either side of the high tide. The Environment Agency said: “We believe there is a possibility of flooding for Putney Embankment (SW15), Chiswick Mall and Strand on the Green (W4), Thames Bank at Mortlake (SW14), Ranelagh Drive (TW1), Friars Lane and Water Lane (TW9), Riverside and The Embankment at Twickenham, and the Towpath below Teddington Lock.” This second alert will be removed or updated by 6:00pm on Tuesday. READ MORE:Huge 50mile queue of trucks forms on EU's border with Belarus For the majority of Brits on Tuesday scattered showers are forecast throughout the day with temperatures reaching highs of 11C in some areas. BBC weather forecaster Stav Danaos noted that following the Easter weekend, Brits will experience a “cooler air mass that will be noticeable”. The showers will clear away for the rest of the week though temperatures will remain at the seasonal average for this time of year. The UK Met Office stated that the temperatures will be returning to the usual seasonal average for this time of year with temperatures around 12C. Mr Danaos said that on Wednesday “high pressure is trying to build in keeping low pressure at bay” and some areas will see temperatures between 11C and 13C. DON'T MISS:Royal POLL: Should young royals start taking over more duties? (POLL)Carol Kirkwood sets record straight on BBC Breakfast future (COMMENT)Notre Dame mystery to be REVEALED as archaeologists look to open 'r... (REVEAL)  According to WXCHARTS, on Wednesday some regions in the southeast will possibly reach highs of 13C or 14C in the afternoon before dropping away for a chilly night. The BBC weather forecaster added: “The best of the temperatures will tend to be throughout central, southern and western areas for the foreseeable future.” This cooler weather front is set to continue into next weekend and possibly the following week. 