Motorists are facing significantly higher car insurance premiums, as the cost of car insurance is now at the highest level seen since the last quarter of 2020. Small changes like switching providers or turning off auto-renewal could help drivers to save hundreds of pounds at a time when other household costs are increasing. Jenny Ross, Money Editor at Which?, urged drivers to make changes to ensure they will be able to save money on their car insurance. She said: “After an extended period of comparatively low premiums, insurance costs are on the rise, putting more pressure on household budgets. “However, there are steps you can take to minimise these costs and make sure you're getting the best deal possible. “It’s always worth shopping around or haggling for a better deal, and consider getting a black box policy to keep costs low, particularly if you’re a younger driver.” READ MORE: Electric car breaks the 600 miles range barrier on single charge Black box insurance policies, also known as telematics, calculate premiums based on the way motorists drive, with insurers monitoring how well and how often motorists drive to give a more accurate price. Good drivers are rewarded by having their premiums discounted, while other insurers offer policies that charge by the mile. A recent report found telematics quotes are cheaper than standard car insurance for 78 percent of drivers aged between 17 and 20, and 69 percent of those aged between 21 and 24. DON'T MISSLand Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist [SHOCKING]Huge road changes could be made to protect people from 'silent' EVs [WARNING]Red diesel ban will create 'perfect storm' of costs as drivers warned [COMMENT] The average telematics quote for a driver aged between 17 and 20 was £1,811, a saving of £1,137 on the cheapest standard car insurance policy. Which? recommends comparing quotes from these providers with quotes from more traditional car insurance policies. If a driver only needs to drive a car for a short time, they should consider getting temporary car insurance. Alternatively, drivers could opt for a policy with a rolling monthly contract that can be cancelled without incurring significant fees. Car insurance add-ons might cost drivers as much as £50 or more onto some premiums. Common add-ons can include legal expenses insurance, personal accident cover, breakdown cover, and key cover. Drivers are advised to consider what they do and don’t need and check the policies they already have to find out what they’re covered for. Which? urges drivers to ensure they set the correct level of excess on their policy, as setting a high excess might lower premiums, but setting it too high might make claiming redundant or too expensive. For example, a motorist making a claim on their car insurance will need to pay both the voluntary and compulsory excess. Sometimes opting not to make a claim via insurance and paying for repairs out of pocket could save consumers money in the long term, though insurers must be told of the incident. If out of contract, or nearing the end of one, customers should consider switching providers to save. New research from Compare the Market analysed both the average premiums and cheapest premiums quoted to drivers, finding that the cheapest quotes rose by £42 in the first quarter of the year to reach an average of £568. It concluded that this means drivers could save up to £120 by shopping around to find better deals.