In the UK, a television licence is required to watch programming as it is being broadcast live or to stream live content on streaming services. In certain circumstances, households may be eligible to apply for a refund on their TV licence. Currently, the full price of a colour television licence is £159 for households and businesses and is set to be frozen at this price for the next two years. It should be noted that a reduced licence fee rate is awarded to those who use black and white TV sets at £53.50 or a half price offer for those who are blind. If someone paying the full licence fee price were to receive a refund, they could get up to £159 for the year back. Claimants can request a refund on their television licence if they will not need it again before its expiration date. This must be done with at least one complete month left on it in order to successfully receive a refund this way. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  On top of this, households can claim a refund if their TV licence expired less than two years ago. Britons who are over 75 and in receipt of Pension Credit are able to claim a refund at any time as they are eligible for a free licence. Those who are 74 or over, who are claiming the DWP benefit, are encouraged to do this as soon as possible. If one person in a couple meets this eligibility criteria, the whole household is able to claim a refund on their licence at any time. DON'T MISS: People who claim the blind discount or are over the age of 75 are able to apply at any time for the refund. It does not matter how long they have left on their licence. Those looking to apply for the refund will not need to calculate how much they are owed as this will be done for them by TV Licensing. The television licence body asks applicants to complete the online refund form which can be found on its website. As part of the refund application, claimants must include the name on their TV Licence, address and postcode. They should also include the date from when they no longer need the television licence within the application. Recently, the BBC commissioned a study to be carried out into how households would react to having no access to the public broadcaster. Conducted by research company MTM, the experiment saw 80 homes across the country deprived of BBC content and services for nine days. All the households picked to take part in the study had different views on the BBC and licence fee prior to taking part, with some wanting the levy and broadcaster scrapped. As well as not being able to access BBC services, participants were not allowed to watch or stream the broadcaster’s content on other platforms, such as YouTube and Netflix. Furthermore, people who took part received a refund for the days they went without paying the licence fee, which came to £3.90 over the nine-day period. The majority of those who participated in the experiment were found to have underestimated the perceived benefits of the licence fee as a result. Some 70 percent of the 200 people who took part in the study and initially wanted to either pay nothing or less, said they were willing to pay the full licence fee or more in return for the BBC. On these results, the BBC’s director-general Tim Davie said: “It is great to see the role the BBC plays in people’s lives up and down the UK. “It not only shows the importance of public service broadcasting, it reinforces that we must continue the hard work to maintain that support and ensure we offer something for everyone.”