Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to popularity after sharing her ingenious cleaning tips and recommendations online and on TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain more than 4.4 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips in her name, one of which includes how to clean patios. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks, one woman asked for advice on how to remove rust stains from her porcelain patio. Manjeet Stone wrote: “Silly mistake, brand new porcelain patio tiles are rust stained from garden furniture. “Any handy hints to remove? I’ve scrubbed with Fairy Liquid but it’s not budging.” With summer just around the corner, and the weather warming up, many Britons are getting their gardens ready for social events. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants Over time patios can lose their sparkle and get covered in dirt and algae. For those with stained, dirty paving slabs, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared a simple yet effective method for cleaning patios. Manjeet’s post received over 200 comments from cleaning enthusiasts, with the most popular suggestion to use tomato ketchup. Kate Berry said: “I had this on mine and tomato ketchup got rid of it right away.” DON'T MISS:Baking soda hacks: The ‘cheap’ solution to clean kitchen appliances [TIPS]How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]How to clean your washing machine with easy ingredients [COMMENT] Holly Nolan commented: “Tomato ketchup works fab for rust. It’ll take it straight off.” Michelle Wilson advised: “Definitely use tomato ketchup to clean your patio, it may sound strange but it works. I was amazed by the results! “All you need to do is rub the sauce into the patio tiles and the dirt should wipe away.” Sarah Evans agreed: “Tomato ketchup was the only thing that got the rust off of my patio.” Emma Sparkes wrote: “Tomato ketchup and a scrubbing hand brush. They look the same as what I have in my garden.” Some Mrs Hinch fans explained that tin foil should be used alongside the tomato ketchup. Natasha Jewels said: “If you use tomato ketchup, scrub it with wet tin foil as it is great for rust stains.” Milly Halser commented: “Ketchup and scrub with tin foil.” Ketchup can be purchased from Sainsbury’s for as little as 44p. Tin foil can be picked up from Asda for only 65p. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using lemon juice to clean patio tiles. Celia Hawkes said: “Pour lemon juice on them and leave to dry, then rinse with water.” Lynne Tyler added: “Use lemon juice and scrub it.”