And campaigners welcomed the move - while urging the Government to use its post-Brexit powers to go even further. Four new bye-laws, which have been subject to extensive consultation with industry and other stakeholders, will come into force in two months’ time, on June 13. The rules apply to Dogger Bank Special Area of Conservation; Inner Dowsing, Race Bank and North Ridge Special Area of Conservation; South Dorset Marine Conservation Zone; and the Canyons Marine Conservation Zone. They are being introduced using new powers under the Fisheries Act, the UK’s first major domestic fisheries legislation in nearly 40 years. The new measures will ban fishing activities in MPAs where there is evidence that they harm wildlife or damage habitats, banning the use of bottom trawls, dredges, demersal seines and semi-pelagic trawls, collectively known as bottom towed gear. There are additional restrictions in two of the sites preventing the use of certain static gears such as pots, nets or lines over especially sensitive areas. Mr Eustice said: “Outside the EU, we are using our new freedoms to protect our marine environment. "We will be stopping trawling and dredging in these Marine Protected Areas to protect wildlife and habitats, through powers we have in our Fisheries Act 2020.” JUST IN: Brexit LIVE: Le Pen hails UK in £4bn Frexit ultimatum to bloc Tom McCormack, Chief Executive Officer of MMO, added: “Many of our inshore marine protected areas are already protected through MMO and Inshore Fisheries and Conservation Authority bye-laws. “The Fisheries Act includes new powers allowing us to better manage and control fishing in our offshore Marine Protected Areas. “These new bye-laws represent the next step in our nature recovery journey, ensuring our marine life can recover and thrive.” DON'T MISS'Take back control? That's a lie!' Boris savaged over fishing promises [ANALYSIS]Brexit: EU rules to replace UK law in 'extremely concerning' blow [INSIGHT]'Boris has surrendered!' Fury as PM caves in fishing row with France [REVEAL] The first four MPAs were selected to help protect their vibrant undersea environments. Dogger Bank, familiar to anyone who listens to the late-night shipping forecast on Radio 4, has the largest shallow sandbank in British waters and supports commercial fish species such as cod and plaice, as well as sand eels that provide an important food source for kittiwakes, puffins and porpoises. The Canyons Marine Conservation Zone is home to rare and highly sensitive deep water corals. Fiona Nicholls, an Oceans Campaigner at Greenpeace UK, commented: “It's been 18 months since Greenpeace built a protective boulder barrier in the Dogger Bank and since the government committed to stop bottom trawling in this iconic and ecologically important area. “While this is a major step towards protecting some of the most environmentally significant features of the Dogger Bank, destructive industrial fishing vessels like factory trawlers will still be allowed to plunder this now partially protected area.” She added: "We need the government to get us on track this year to fully or highly protecting all of our marine protected areas. “That means, as a starting point, banning all destructive industrial fishing vessels. "This could be done using post-Brexit powers to restrict fishing licences, rather than simply relying on the cumbersome process of introducing partial site bye-law restrictions. “Only then will the UK be a true world leader in marine protection, and can nature and coastal communities have a chance to recover."