Reports to Lloyds Bank of impersonation fraud originating on Instagram increased 155 percent in the 12 months leading up to March 2022. Meanwhile, Facebook and Snapchat scams fell considerably but social media scammers are using different tactics to con people. Another day, another scam alert, this time it’s from the experts at Lloyds Bank. They are warning Britons that social media - and Instagram in particular - have become the new battleground between the public and organised criminal gangs. The warning comes after more and more reports have been flooding in from people like Michelle who have recently fallen victim to online scammers. Michelle was contacted on Instagram by someone who said they worked at her local church asking her for money. READ MORE: How to get help with your PIP claim and full list of 19 conditions Liz Ziegler, fraud prevention director at Lloyds Bank, said: “Social media is now intimately woven into our lives – it’s how we stay in touch with people, see what’s in the news, treat ourselves to something new and keep up with influencers. “Sophisticated organised criminal gangs know this, and are ready to adapt their deceptive methods instantly, lurking around every virtual corner to try and part you from your hard earned cash. “These nasty impersonation scams target people’s natural desire to help family and friends as, instead of impersonating the police or the taxman, fraudsters are creeping closer to home and pretending to be those dearest to you. “When using social media we should all remain guarded, be vigilant against fraud attempts, and remember that if something seems fishy – you’re probably right.” DON'T MISS:Mother of two ‘distraught’ after losing 'all family savings’ in scam [WARNING]PIP claimants urged to claim 10 other freebies that could save £1000s [ALERT]TV licence explained: Are you eligible for a £159 refund? [UPDATE] While this data relates to a growth in impersonation scams, fraud on social media can come in various guises such as purchase scams, investment scams and romance scams. Fraudsters use social media platforms to advertise products or services that don’t exist or, if they do arrive, are fakes. Common purchase scams include designer trainers and in-demand games consoles. The seller will ask for payment via bank transfer, then block the buyer as soon as the money arrives. People are also being urged to look out for investment scams which usually offer very high rates of return, yet the companies either don’t exist or the rates are unachievable. Scammers often use the names, logos and descriptions of real financial services companies to lull victims into a false sense of security. They may also ask for ID and proof of address from the victim before taking any cash to create the appearance of a real investment. However there are some things Britons can do to stay safe. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Staying safe – top tips for avoiding scams on social media 