Antiques Roadshow visited Aston Hall, in Birmingham, for a recent episode of the BBC programme where treasures included wooden figures depicting characters from The Wind in the Willows and a striking vintage diamond necklace. Fine art expert Dendy Easton's guests presented him with a vibrant painting of children enjoying Cornwall they purchased for £225 three decades ago which, to their surprise, was now worth thousands of pounds.  Dendy began: "Now this is a very jolly, happy picture when you look at these children walking down this lane. "And it can only be by the artist Fred Yates, and I see that's what is signed on the right." The two guests revealed they purchased the colourful painting at a gallery in Sennen Cove, Cornwall, in 1988, as they thought it looked brilliant. The expert replied: "Well done you because it's a great picture by him. READ MORE: Jack Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jack Millar now? "He's a very interesting artist who was born in 1922, he fought in the Second World War with his twin brother and he moved to Cornwall in the late 60s and became a full-time painter." Dendy then revealed he had the privilege of meeting the artist in 1975 in Fowey, Cornwall. He recalled: "I spent a lot of time in Fowey in the 1970s and you'd see him painting on street corners and you could buy his pictures then for around £10, and he sold them to tourists and you'd see them in the shops. "And then in the meantime, he'd subsidised his income by doing gardening. He was a very nice gentleman."  After analysing the painting further, the expert told his guests: "It's a fantastic painting and a very big one by him. "I noticed it has a title on the back saying 'Late Fall of Snow, Cornwall', now I can't really see snow there so I think this is artistic license." He continued: "So you bought it with your heart? How much did you pay for it?" The guests revealed they spent £225 on the portrait which one guest said was "quite a lot" of money at the time. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by staggering royal tea cup valuation [VIDEO]Antiques Road Trip's Charles Hanson stunned by shopping list's profit [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait [MUST SEE] Dendy then valued the painting and told them: "Well if it came up for auction I think it would make £6,000 to £9,000." The female guest replied: "Goodness me, oh wow, that's incredible." However, she looked at her partner and said: "We won't sell it though because we bought it, well, with love didn't we? "We bought it because we loved it," she told Dendy following the valuation. 