Applications for the new Adult Disability Payment in Scotland have opened in three pilot areas. These pilot areas include the Dundee City, Perth and Kinross and Western Isles council areas. Those who are aged between 16 and the state pension age, who are either disabled or have a long-term health condition, will be able to apply. Unlike other benefits such as PIP, the Adult Disability Payment is administered by the Scottish Government and not the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). PIP is the DWP’s main disability payment, however as more social security powers get given to the devolved Governments, other countries in the UK are offering replacements to it. People who are currently in receipt of PIP or Disability Living Allowance do not need to make a new application for Adult Disability Payment. All current PIP awards will be transferred over to the growing social security system in Scotland. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  More council areas are set to also be rolled into the Adult Disability Payment pilot scheme, with the full benefit payment going nationwide on August 29, 2022. Currently, PIP is made up of two parts - a daily living component and a mobility component which go towards paying for different things. The former is extra money which pay towards everyday tasks, including washing, cooking and getting dressed. In comparison, the latter assist people financially with moving around, which can include journey planning or moving house. On the new payment, Ben Macpherson, the Scottish Government’s minister for Social Security said: “We know people have found applying for disability benefits stressful in the past. “That is why we have listened to their experiences and have designed our service to work for people, not against them. “We are ensuring that accessing Adult Disability Payment is as straightforward as possible and we will always start from a position of trust. “Importantly, in the Scottish system no one will be subject to Department for Work and Pensions style assessments and we will never use the private sector to carry out health examinations. “There won’t be any degrading functional examinations, such as asking a client to ‘touch their toes’. These changes have been welcomed by those with lived experience, who we have worked with to design this benefit. “People will only be invited to a consultation on occasions when we require more information so we can make a decision. This will be a conversation with a health and social care professional to understand how an individual’s disability or health condition impacts them.” Tracy McNally, the director of Citizens Advice Bureau in Dundee, explained why the pilot scheme is important in helping those who feel left behind by the current system. Mr McNally said: “Helping people with social security payments, and disability payments in particular, is one of the biggest things we do and we’re excited that Dundee is one of the pilot areas for the roll out of adult disability payments. “It’s really important that the new system is rooted in dignity and respect for applicants, and doesn’t cause unnecessary stress or anxiety. “We’d encourage anyone who may be eligible for the support to apply, and if anyone ever needs help or advice on social security issues, your local bureau is here for you.” Those who are interested in applying for the Adult Disability Payment can do so either online, by post, over the phone or face-to-face. Further information on the benefit payment can be found on mygov.scot or by calling 0800 182 2222.  A DWP spokesperson said: “We support millions of people every year and our priority is they get the benefits to which they are entitled as soon as possible, and to ensure they receive a supportive and compassionate service.  “Award rates and durations are based on individual circumstances and needs, and the likelihood of those needs changing. For PIP they can vary from nine months to an ongoing award, with a light touch review after ten years. Reviews are a key feature of the benefit and ensure that payments accurately match the current needs of claimants.”  