Elephants are respected symbols in many countries, representing strength, protection, wisdom, and good luck. However, in Feng Shui and Vastu, elephants can hold a great significance in home decor when placed in specific locations around the home or property, and in certain directions. Vastu Shastra is an ancient Hindu system of architecture and design that also embodies traditional Buddhist beliefs. According to Housing.com: "The elephant figurine holds an important place in Hindu mythology and is often used in home decor, to symbolise power, integrity and strength." Similarly, in Feng Shui, the elephant figure symbolises power, wisdom, good luck and fertility. This is why people often feature paintings and statues of elephants in their properties. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to ‘easily’ clean oven glass ‘properly’ - ‘no scrubbing’ As per Vastu and Feng Shui, an elephant statue should be placed near the main entrance to the home to attract good luck and positive energy. They should be placed in a north direction. Solid silver elephant statues are recommended for luck. If your home has a wide entrance, you can place a pair of elephants on either side of the door, with raised trunks facing inwards. The raised trunks are said to be a symbol of trumpeting to attract luck. According to Feng Shui, if you want to ward off evil from your home, you can place an elephant facing outwards from the front entrance. While according to Vastu, hanging an elephant painting in the home is also considered lucky. DON'T MISSWhy has Adam Frost moved house? Inside 'scaled back' garden [REVEALED]Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [EXPLAINER]‘Indestructible’ garden plants which will ‘thrive’ on their own [INSIGHT] Placing an elephant statue in your office or home office is thought to increase growth in the area of work and wisdom. Housing.com explains: "Those looking for a boost in their career should place the elephant figurine in this direction as the north direction is ruled by Kuber, the lord of wealth. It is the direction of wealth and career." You can also place statues at or near to the door of your office or workspace to enhance power, wisdom and success in your career. According to Vastu tradition, a white elephant signifies richness, luxury and wealth. For couples hoping to expand their family, elephants can signify fertility. Place these on either side of the door opening to your bedroom, ensuring the statues are facing in toward the room. You can also keep elephant statues on each bedside table facing in toward the bed. According to Vastu traditions, an elephant with the trunk down can "store and accumulate energy", as well as help push through difficult obstacles. Housing.com adds: "The north and the east corner are considered ideal, for the placement of Vastu elephant symbols and paintings." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Elephant figures are also traditionally thought to increase the bond between lovers and families. According to Vastu, hanging a painting of elephants in the bedroom can help to strengthen the spousal relationship. A pair of statue elephants can also be placed together. According to Vastu tradition, two elephants with one missing a tusk can symbolise a healthy relationship between males and females. Three elephants can signify a peaceful family life. While two elephants crossing their trunks symbolise bonding and friendship. For children's bedrooms, a mother and child elephant combination is thought to be best. Housing.com states: "Placing an image of a mother elephant and her baby in the parent’s bedroom or child’s bedroom, strengthens the bond between the child and the parents. This nurturing symbol can be placed in the family room too."