When Chris Tarrant sat down to write a book about his life, he was determined it would be nothing like a regular celebrity memoir. In fact, the very first line of It's Not A Proper Job is: "This is not my autobiography". Instead, it focuses on the "laughs and ridiculous situations" the TV presenter has encountered during his 75 years, generously bolstered with a host of anecdotes featuring famous names like Terry Wogan, David Bowie, Billy Connolly and Paul McCartney. That decision also allows Chris to avoid addressing certain parts of his personal life, such as the acrimonious split from second wife Ingrid after she discovered his seven-year affair with a teacher in 2006. "There was a whole rainforest written about the divorce and you will never find in any of the cuttings a single quote from me because I have never spoken about it," says Chris. "It involves my kids and I spent years re-establishing my relationships with my kids and we're probably closer now than we ever were. So I don't want to dig up a lot of stuff again - I don't see the point." Ingrid, his wife for 16 years and mother to two of his children, Sammy, 33, and Radio X DJ Toby, 30, is not even named in the book. "Well, I wanted to write a book that was mainly funny," he says. "She just doesn't feature in any of the funny stuff." So on to funnier stuff: Tiswas. Whenever Chris hosts Q&As, the first question is always about the manic Saturday morning children's TV show, which launched in 1974, and made him a star. It was such a success - with adult viewers too - that two years later the BBC launched Multi-Coloured Swap Shop fronted by Noel Edmonds. "There was nothing else on at the time, then there was Noel," recalls Chris. "I get on very well with Noel but I have to say to him, 'God that was so boring and dull on the other side'. It was so worthy.  "Tiswas was live and very chaotic. I remember rolling about in custard with Sheena Easton, Annie Lennox and Chrissie Hynde and thinking, 'I'm getting paid for this - what a great gig'." Chris believes the health and safety mob would take all the fun out of Tiswas today. "We pelted people in a cage with water, there were smoke bombs going off, kids slipping everywhere. There's no way we'd be able to do that now - there'd be so many complaints. "But back then we had a blank sheet. I used to say, 'I don't know what I'm doing but I hate Blue Peter'. It was so twee.They talked to children like they were worthy little things wrapped in cotton wool. And kids hadn't been like that for years." For teenage impressionist Lenny Henry, Tiswas was a career-defining moment. "Lenny had won a talent show called New Faces but they didn't really nurture him. He just sort of disappeared," says Chris. "I wanted someone to do a Muhammad Ali impression on Tiswas and was told Lenny did a good Ali. This is going to sound odd, but he was then in the Black and White Minstrel Show at the end of the pier in Great Yarmouth. It was bizarre to see this very black guy lined up with other people with burnt cork on their faces. "I visited him in his dressing room and we just sat there laughing. There was one bit in his act where his flies burst open and I asked how he did it. He said, 'It's not supposed to be in the bloody act - I just put on the wrong trousers'.  "We used him once in a while. I'll be honest, we weren't that sure about him. He was very young and very nervous. "And then in the second series, he worked up routines on David Bellamy and Trevor McDonald. And he grew and grew - he was fantastic. An amazing talent, Len. So I didn't discover him, but I revived his career." Banking on the success of Tiswas, which peaked with 4.7 million viewers, Chris followed up with OTT, an adult late-night show that was the very antithesis of wokeTV when it launched in 1982. "OTT was live, very much experimental TV. Some of it was brilliant. Some was truly dreadful. The classic one was the Rat Man. He came on the show with a boxful of rats which he'd stuff down his see-through tights. "People were screaming, standing on their seats, going berserk. The place was in uproar. It was fantastic - a sensation. But then we had complaints about cruelty to rats." Reading-born Chris, who considers himself a Brummie after spending his school and university years in the Midlands, has barely been out of the primetime spotlight since those heady days. Old friends are headliners of the last 50 years, including MichaelAspel, Frank Carson and Russ Abbot.  One story, now dropped from Chris's afterdinner act, tells of being mistaken in a London cab for Jimmy Savile, the late TV star later exposed as a paedophile. "He was creepy, horrible and weird," says Chris, who presented the breakfast show on Capital Radio. "All the radio guys knew each other and had good banter, but he walked straight past me. 'Blue was so They children were cotton "He grabbed (Tiswas presenter) Sally James's hand, licked right up her arm and said, 'Now then, young Sally, when are you coming out for dinner with Uncle Jimmy?' Sally's husband was standing right there! Having said that, we had no idea of the depths to which he sank. Nobody could've guessed that. "Kenny Everett, who was always very nice about everybody, hated him." Fellow DJ Kenny, who died in 1995, was briefly considered for the role that made Chris a huge star, fronting Who Wants To Be A Millionaire, which became the world's most popular quiz show. And Chris himself came close to turning it down. "I think it would have been very funny with Kenny - and a very different show. I said, 'I'll do a pilot, but I'm really too busy to do the actual show if it takes off.' "I could've turned down Millionaire, which would have been really stupid. Like the man who turned down The Beatles."  It's eight years since Chris left the show, which has been syndicated to 120 countries, and he has no regrets, particularly when what he considered to be good candidates for the celebrity version began to dry up. "I've done it, I enjoyed it and there's always a time to move on," he says. "I really liked it when we had members of the public on. And we had amazing celebrities, like Paul McCartney, George Michael, Frederick Forsyth, Alex Ferguson. But you can only do so many of them. "But I thought, 'We don't want to go down the road of doing the reality show people because they'd be bloody hopeless.' Not being unkind, but there'd be no point." Does he watch Millionaire now Jeremy Clarkson's in his old swivel chair? "No. Maybe I should. I dunno - did Bob Monkhouse rush home to watch Vernon? "I've no problem with Clarkson. I see him socially once in a while. He's fine." Chris is happier to admit he disliked some Millionaire contestants. "The job was to not show it," he says. "But there was one man, Richard Deeley from Nottingham: Dick by name, d**k by nature. I gave him a cheque for £32,000 which I think is a lot of money. "He screwed it up and threw it across the studio floor and said, 'We won't be needing that.'At that point it was fairly obvious to the audience that I didn't like him.  "I thought it was so insulting to the show, to me, but most of all to a dear old granny who would think £4,000 was a great deal of money. And there was this arse throwing away a cheque for £32,000. "When he got his £64,000 question wrong, you could hear the audience going, 'Yes!'" He had to go grovelling around for his cheque on the floor afterwards. What a t****r." Of course Chris's most famous contestant was Major Charles Ingram, who would have swindled his way to the jackpot in 2001 had it not been for the keen ears of an editor who alerted bosses to coughs indicating the correct answer coming from the audience. In 2003, Charles, his wife Diana and their accomplice Tecwen Whittock were all found valua- guilty of procuring the execution of a valuable security by deception. Each received a suspended sentence. "I've always said I had no inkling at the time that he was cheating," says Chris. "It sounds naive but I really didn't expect anyone, let alone a serving British Army major, to try and nick a million quid. "I think he got his just deserts and I wouldn't have wished he'd gone to prison. But there was no way he was not guilty. I've seen hours of tape sitting with the fraud squad."  In 2014, while on a plane back from filming Extreme Railway Journeys Bangkok, Chris suffered a stroke. He credits his full recovery to the swift action of paramedics, intensive speech therapy and a physiotherapist who "beat me up". His partner of 15 years, Jane Bird, helps ensure he has a healthier lifestyle. "The stroke was the scariest thing in my life," says Chris. "I thought I was going to die in mid-air. "I was in good hands but also bloody lucky. And I'm looking after myself. I don't drink whisky at all - nobody told me to stop but I just thought neat whisky is probably not a good idea. Jane's been good at sorting out my diet and I don't eat pies and chips. I've lost a bit of weight and I'm feeling pretty good. "Actually, I'm annoyingly happy now." It's Not A Proper Job, by Chris Tarrant, is published by Great Northern Books on April 25 at £17.99. 