Roma manager Jose Mourinho could not hold his laughter when a reporter cracked a joke about Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy. The Portuguese's stint in north London curiously ended the week before a Carabao Cup final, which he described as a unique event instigated by a unique man. Since joining up with Roma last summer, Mourinho's fortunes have been up and down. Prospects of finishing in the top four are now extremely slim, but they do sit relatively comfortably in fifth and have an in-form goal-scorer in Tammy Abraham. They are also in the UEFA Conference League semi-finals as they gear up to face Leicester City at the King Power Stadium on Thursday evening. One quick-witted reporter asked Mourinho whether he was afraid of winning due to what happened last time he won a semi-final, when Levy wielded the axe. Already laughing, he responded: "No, I'm not afraid. I just hope we can win. I think Roma, as a city and a club and a group of players, for the work we did this season to try and improve at every level, we deserve to be in the final. JUST IN: Erling Haaland 'pushed towards' Man City by financial incentive in latest Real Madrid blow Already laughing, he responded: "No, I'm not afraid. I just hope we can win. I think Roma, as a city and a club and a group of players, for the work we did this season to try and improve at every level, we deserve to be in the final.  "Unfortunately, football does not always give what you deserve. To be in the final, we have to beat a very good team with a very good coach and very good players. You have to be at a high level in two matches to achieve the dream of taking Roma to a final." With a smirk creeping back onto his face, Mourinho continued: "Am I afraid of winning the semi-final and being sacked? No, I'm not afraid. I have to admit that in my long career, with so many things that have happened for good and for bad, that [incident] is quite unique. But I think also that Mr. Levy is quite a unique person in football."  Levy is a notoriously enigmatic football figure and is now working with another big personality at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, where Antonio Conte is in charge. The duo could lock horns this summer when the Italian is expected to demand significant transfer funds, and it remains to be seen whether he will be given a similarly tough time. Mourinho has bigger things to focus on at present, however, as reaching a final in his first season at Roma would be deemed a respectable achievement. He has goal-machine Abraham to fire him there, and the former Chelsea marksman recently talked up his experience of working under the ex-Spurs gaffer. "José is for me one of the best coaches to walk on the planet; he knows how to really drive you," he said, "This is what I needed. I needed someone who could push me and really drive me. He always wants more. For me and the players he is the perfect manager. "For me it was all about someone believing in me. Frank Lampard gave me a chance, he believed in me, showed real faith in me, and that’s when I was producing. It is the same with the coach now."