Arsenal have received a potential boost in their summer search for attacking reinforcements in the form of Marcus Thuram's availability. Borussia Monchengladbach are ready to cash in on the 24-year-old forward for a cut-price fee ahead of his contract expiry. According to David Ornstein, Monchengladbach will look to sell Thuram for a fee between £10million and £15m this summer to prevent losing him on a free transfer in 2023. And his exit will be spearheaded by new intermediaries, Sport Cover, whose current clients include Crystal Palace manager Patrick Viera. There are expected to be 'numerous suitors' for Thuram's services, despite approaching the end of a disappointing season. The France international has scored just three goals in 22 appearances this term, with Monchengladbach slumped in 11th in the Bundesliga. Thuram was on Tottenham Hotspur's radar last year, and he is understood to have admirers at Chelsea. But Arsenal have also 'previously considered him', and Ornstein claims Mikel Arteta could be eyeing two attacking signings this summer. JUST IN: Man Utd to give Ten Hag 'significant funds' but reject Rangnick idea Arteta sanctioned Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's January switch to Barcelona after allowing the Gabonese striker to terminate his contract. And he's also set to lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah on free transfers once their contracts expire this summer. It would leave the Spaniard without a single first-team striker and intensify Arsenal's need for reinforcements. And if the Gunners want to splash a generous chunk of their budget on a big-money acquisition, a cut-price move for Thuram would make plenty of sense. Thuram can operate as a left-winger but most regularly plays as a striker at Monchengladbach and still has his best years ahead of him. Since joining the Bundesliga outfit in a £10.1m (€12m) deal from Guingamp in 2019, he has scored 28 goals and registered 22 assists in 101 games. READ MORE: Arsenal's top four hopes receive boost with early Partey comeback Given Monchengladbach's absence from European competition next season, Thuram would likely be interested in a move one year earlier than his contract expiry. And Arsenal could have Champions League to offer if they thwart Tottenham in the race for fourth. It promises to be a monumental summer transfer window for strikers, with Erling Haaland, Darwin Nunez and Kylian Mbappe all set for high-profile moves. But the capture of Thuram could be just as smart as Arteta rebuilds his attacking regiment at the Emirates Stadium. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.