Barcelona are 'close' to wrapping up a sensational deal to bring Robert Lewandowski to the Camp Nou, according to reports. The veteran striker is prepared to quit Bayern Munich this summer if the German giants fail to put a new-long term contract on the table. Lewandowski has forged a reputation as one of Europe's elite strikers after his goalscoring exploits in Germany with both Bayern and Borussia Dortmund over the past decade. And even though the Polish star is approaching his twilight years, he's shown no signs of slowing down anytime soon. The 33-year-old has plundered a remarkable 45 goals in just 38 games this season - taking his overall tally of goals for Bayern to 339 since he joined the club for nothing back in the summer of 2014. But there are no guarantees that Lewandowski will still be plying his trade at the Allianz Arena next term. Bayern's talisman is now inside the final 18 months of his contract, with no new agreement on the horizon. And according to a new report from SPORT, that has opened the door for Barcelona to make their move for the prolific marksman. READ MORE: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic The report outlines that the Spanish giants have firmed up their interest in Lewandowski by meeting 'at least twice' with his agent, Pini Zahavi, in a bid to thrash out a deal. And while nothing has been confirmed, Lewandowski is keen on exploring the possibility of a switch to La Liga after 'completing a cycle' in the Bundesliga. The striker is angling for a three-year deal and has already rebuffed Bayern's attempts to tie him down for just one extra year; something which doesn't appear to be an issue for Barcelona. PSG have also been alerted to the striker's potential availability, but they have so far failed to express an interest in the veteran. The Catalan giants are also keeping a close eye on developments surrounding Erling Haaland, who is set to spark a transfer scramble when he quits Dortmund in the summer. But the club are aware that - given their recent financial issues - they will be unable to match the finances that the likes of Manchester City and Real Madrid will be able to offer the striking prodigy. DON'T MISS...Rangnick 'has limited say' as Man Utd mull over Ten Hag or PochettinoMan City performed 'chess move' to coerce Man Utd into signing RonaldoGoater names two next Man City boss options that would annoy Arsenal Haaland is expected to decide his future before the end of the month - with Barcelona planning to press ahead with their move for Lewandowski - which is at an 'advanced' stage - if they are unable to entice Haaland to the Camp Nou. Although Bayern are keen to retain Lewandowski - and could still gazump Barcelona's interest with a new, improved contract offer - they would be open to cashing in on their talisman in the summer rather than losing him for nothing, with a fee of around €100million (£83.4m) mooted. Barcelona president Joan Laporta is desperate to add a star striker to the squad, who have been reinvigorated by the appointment of Xavi Hernandez. The Spanish giants turned to their former midfield star after axing Ronaldo Koeman back in October - and the Barca legend has made a stunning start to life in the dugout; lifting the club back to second spot in the league after a dazzling run of form.