Dillian Whyte has shared a post on his Instagram story that has criticised the absence of Alen Babic from the undercard of his world title clash with Tyson Fury at Wembley Stadium on April 23. It's the first time the Body Snatcher has made reference to the biggest fight of his career since signing on the dotted line in early March.  It's believed there is still ongoing tension behind the scenes between Whyte's camp and Queensbury Promotions chief Frank Warren, following a recent heated spat on talkSPORT. Warren made reference to the fact Whyte has chosen to boycott the promotion of the fight, despite being contractually obliged to participate. His silence has led to doubts as to whether the bout will even go ahead, although both fighters have now completed the hard yards of camp. Queensbury confirmed full details of the fight undercard on Tuesday, much to the dismay of disappointed boxing fans around the globe. READ MORE: Tyson Fury breaks social media ban with Dillian Whyte knockout promise amid fight doubt There had been talk that Whyte's man Babic could be on the card - potentially against Fury's brother Tommy - but the Croatian has been left off the bill. Whyte shared a post that said "where's the Savage?" onto his Instagram story, in response to the undercard announcement. Light-heavyweight contender Fury continues his development when he collides with Daniel Bocianski. Anthony 'The Apache' Cacace will also be in action as he goes to war with Jonathan Romero. The Gypsy King's stablemate Isaac Lowe will also return to action when he faces Nick Ball of Liverpool. British heavyweight David Adeleye, who has sparred and trained with Fury under SugarHill Steward, is also back out as he takes on Chris Healey. American heavyweight Jared Anderson was due to fight Christian Hammer on the undercard but was forced to withdraw through injury. 'Big Baby' was brought into camp by Fury for sparring alongside Martin Bakole. Meanwhile, Whyte's promoter Eddie Hearn believes his man's silence is all part of the mind games but promised the Body Snatcher will be ready to rumble at Wembley. "It is non-stop arguments between the camps on so many different points, so I just hope they get in the ring and hopefully Dillian gets a shot," Hearn told PA news agency. "I don't think Tyson Fury knows where he is with it all. He normally likes to be in control. But Dillian is working hard and just taking the control away from Tyson Fury and he doesn't know what to do, I guess. "Dillian is cut from a different cloth and Tyson will know how tough this fight is because they've sparred many rounds."