Roy Keane claims Manchester United looked like a "League One team" against Chelsea on Thursday. The former Red Devils captain gave a damning assessment of Ralf Rangnick's side. Chelsea visited Old Trafford looking to cement their spot in the Premier League top three. United, on the other hand, seem desperate for the season to end. The visitors dominated large periods of the first half but were unable to make their pressure count. But at half-time, Keane did not hold back in his assessment of United. Speaking on Sky Sports, he said: "It's like Chelsea are a top team and Man United maybe a Championship team or a League One team. It's like an FA Cup match. READ MORE: Man Utd fans boycott Chelsea clash as thousands of empty seats left in protest  "They're just short of quality and just staying in the game. They'll be delighted it's 0-0 and Chelsea will be frustrated because the end product has not been good enough. But it's been, again, torturous for United." Keane said the first-half performance was typical of United this season. He added: "I just think that their heads are gone. "There is no intensity, all season they have given up loads of chances, we are seeing that here again tonight. They are easy to play against, they don’t run back with intensity, they have already lost ten league games, and the season is not over yet, so I’m not surprised with what I have seen tonight. "It is just reflecting where this group is physically, and mentally. They're just shot to pieces." DON'T MISSRoy Keane taunts Man Utd over Antonio Rudiger transfer interest before Chelsea clash [QUOTES]Man Utd 'ruining their youngsters' with only Scott McTominay able to keep head above water [QUOTES]Erik ten Hag 'picks two defender signings for Man Utd' with Harry Maguire in trouble [RUMOUR]  Chelsea took the lead 15 minutes after the break before United swiftly equalised. Shortly after Marcos Alonso had fired in a volley, Cristiano Ronaldo drew level for the hosts at the other end. Meanwhile, Erik ten Hag will take over as United boss in the summer. Keane gave his opinion on the appointment before kick off, claiming it was a positive move. He said: "I think it is a good appointment, with all the speculation it has been on the cards for the last few months and I think the club will be glad just to get the deal done. He can start looking at the club, albeit from the background because he does not start until July. "He has got a solid CV, a good reputation but the proof is in the pudding and we will see what he is like when he is in job and whether he can get Manchester United back to where they need to be."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here