Alex Beresford, 41, found himself in the firing line once again from former GMB co-star Piers Morgan when the new TalkTV host sat down for a chat with former US President, Donald Trump. Trump and Piers discussed a wide range of topics - from the Royal Family to the US election - and the Good Morning Britain weatherman was also brought up in conversation. On Twitter, Alex typed: “Dearest Donald, the hips don’t lie,” alongside a video of him using a hula hoop while on the ITV show, in a witty response to Trump's jibe that he "was a stiff", while addressing his on-air row with Piers over Meghan Markle. Alex’s name cropped up as Piers teed up the second part of his exclusive interview with Trump, which will air on Tuesday evening. Piers shared previews of Trump’s thoughts on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex as well Elon Musk’s purchase of social media giants, Twitter. The TalkTV host then shared a snippet of the conversation regarding his GMB departure, with Piers saying to viewers: “Trump even gave his forthright take on my walkout from Good Morning Britain.” READ MORE: Dustin Johnson's bride Paulina Gretzky stuns in very busty gown In the clip, Piers says to the former President: “I chose the title [Uncensored] because I lost my last job at the Good Morning Britain show -“ Trump nodded along before he interjected: “I thought you overreacted by the way…” “Well, I’ll tell you what happened…” Piers tried to protest, before Trump delivered his own damning verdict on Alex. He weighed in: “I mean, the guy was a stiff! “You didn’t have to do (that),” Trump added, before Piers tried to point out: “It wasn’t about him.” “You made it about him!” Trump interrupted again. “He probably got a nice raise.” Piers could be heard chuckling in the background in the interview, before commenting: “You’re right about that.” DONT MISS:Jameela Jamil quits Twitter after Elon Musk buys site for $44 billion (PHOTOS)Brenda Edwards dedicates Loose Women backstage clip to 'my baby Jamal' (NEWS)Jim Carter says cast's bond 'won't break' amid Downton future remark (LATEST) And as the cameras returned to the TalkTV studio, Piers had one final swipe to aim at his former colleague. “He’s not wrong,” Piers calmly stated, as he agreed with Trump’s verdict on the ITV weatherman. It comes after Piers and Alex had an on-air disagreement over the former’s divisive comments made about Meghan Markle’s mental health, after she discussed her depression and struggles as a senior member of the Royal Family in an interview with Oprah. Piers said: “When we talked about this yesterday, I said as an all-encompassing thing I don’t believe what Meghan Markle is saying generally in this interview, and I still have serious concerns about the veracity of a lot of what she said. “But let me just state on the record my position about mental illness and on suicide. These are clearly extremely serious things that should be taken extremely seriously, and if someone is feeling that way they should get the treatment and help they need every time." However, Piers ended up storming off the show after becoming embroiled in a heated debate with Alex over his rants about Meghan. Alex, who has a white mother and a dad with Guyanese heritage, felt strongly about Piers' comments about Meghan and Harry at the time, and told him: "This is absolutely diabolical behaviour." Piers later handed in his resignation, with ITV delivering a statement that confirmed they had “accepted this decision”, before the star later said he "does not regret" his comments on the Duchess.