Laurie Laird told GB News that when “Joe Biden says he’s an Irish-American, believe him”, suggesting that the US President will punish the UK for any missteps over the Northern Ireland protocol. Ms Laird argued that the reason steel and aluminium tariffs were lifted for the EU but not the UK six months ago was because of the British Government’s treatment of Northern Ireland. She told Tom Hardwood: “It’s really difficult to see where any common ground will exist. Don’t forget, when Joe Biden says he’s an Irish-American, believe him. “He is looking, as I suspect is everyone in the administration, at these headlines that have arisen over the past few days. “UK looking again at tearing up the Northern Ireland protocol. That does not play well in the White House. “I think difficulties over Northern Ireland, America’s questions over Britain’s attitude to Northern Ireland, are why those tariffs on steel and aluminium were lifted on the EU six months ago but not on the UK. “Every negative headline, or any type of strife over the Northern Ireland call, is going to take the UK and the US further apart.” Ahead of the state opening of Parliament on May 10, Boris Johnson and foreign secretary Liz Truss are believed to have discussed enacting UK powers to override parts of the Northern Ireland protocol. It was reported that they were considering legislation that would unilaterally suspend checks on goods travelling to Northern Ireland from Great Britain. This was a fundamental aspect of the protocol agreed during Brexit talks and the European Commision has warned against the move. They said: “It’s important to underline . . . that our agreements, the withdrawal agreement protocol on Northern Ireland, are legal obligations, which the UK is bound by as much as we are.” READ MORE: Boris is still cowering to EU over the biggest Brexit issue - COMMENT Britain’s desire to negotiate parts of that Brexit deal pertaining to Northern Ireland’s effective continuance within the EU single market and customs union have caused tension. The current Government is reluctant to allow a hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, abiding by EU regulations, to affect their trade with Northern Ireland. It wants to reduce checks and allow goods that meet UK standards to be traded within NI irrespective of EU regulations. It also seeks to remove the role of the European Court of Justice in enforcing the protocol agreed up in 2019. DON'T MISS: Patrick Kielty's Brexit U-turn after raging it ‘opened Pandora's box' [REPORT] Europe port chief admits trade 'better than expected' [INSIGHT] ‘Encourage them more’ Remoaners lay into Rees-Mogg [REPORT] Boris Johnson has been accused of pandering to the Democratic Unionist Party in Northern Ireland, who demand the protocol be scrapped. As NI’s local elections on May 5 look set to swing against the DUP’s favour, Mr Johnson could be looking to shore up support by heeding their grievances. Justifying his decision to consider revoking at least parts of the agreement, the Prime Minister said: “It’s about the balance of the Good Friday agreement and because of what’s happening the protocol really does not command the confidence of a large component of the population. “We now have to address that very substantial pressure. I’ve said many times now we don’t rule out taking further steps if necessary.”