William Saliba has reportedly decided he wants to stay at Arsenal next season. However, the player's agent claims Arsenal are yet to tell him what their plans are for the defender. Saliba is spending this season out on loan at Marseille - his third loan spell since joining the Gunners. He is yet to make a first-team appearance for the Premier League side. The centre-back, who made his senior debut for France earlier this year, has spoken openly about his future on several occasions this season. He has admitted to being open to staying at Marseille on a longer-term deal. However, a report from TeamTalk claims Saliba has now decided he wants to stay and fight for a spot at the Emirates. The 21-year-old believes he has the ability to make it at Arsenal. READ MORE: Man Utd may be about to sign their own 'Xavi and Andres Iniesta' for Erik ten Hag  Ben White and Gabriel Magalhaes are the two first-choice centre-backs for Mikel Arteta, with Rob Holding providing backup to the duo. But Arsenal are set to be back in European competition next season so need extra depth. However, Saliba's agent Djibril Niang has told journalist Freddie Paxton that he is still not aware what Arsenal want to do with the player next season. A discussion is set to be held soon where a decision will be made over Saliba's future. Niang said: “We still don’t know what Arsenal want to do with William. We will have a discussion about this very soon I think.” Marseille are interested in keeping Saliba and there has also been links with Spanish giants Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid in recent weeks. His contract at Arsenal expires in 2024 so a decision will need to be made over his long-term future soon. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag has already made an exciting transfer request to Man Utd board [OPINION]Erik ten Hag ‘pushes Man Utd’ into exploring free agent transfer this summer [REPORT]Mohamed Salah leaving Liverpool could deliver huge blow to Erik ten Hag's Man Utd plans [TRANSFERS]  Arteta spoke about Saliba in March and claimed he was progressing exactly how he wanted him to during his loan at Marseille. Arteta said: "He’s our player and we are really happy with the decision that we made because the exposure, minutes, responsibility and growth at his age is something we could not guarantee him this season. "It makes a lot of sense what is happening with him and we are glad to see him the way he is improving." However, there is no getting away from the fact that Saliba was not an Arteta signing, and instead was brought in by the previous regime under former coach Unai Emery. Arteta will likely have the final say as to whether he wants Saliba as part of his squad moving forward.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here