The electric bus was on Place Maubert and Saint-Germain Boulevard, next to Notre-Dame Cathedral, when it burst into flames. Smoke billowing into the city sky caused panic among residents and on social media - as it happened three years after the Cathedral was severely damaged by a huge fire. The bus fire started just after 4pm (local time). Passengers were reportedly on board before the fire started, and rushed out of the vehicle when the driver noticed the wheel explode, according to one eyewitness account. Journalist Meehika Barua wrote on Twitter: "Someone just told me that there were actually people on the bus, & driver saw the wheel exploded and evacuated the bus immediately. "Within minutes, the whole bus exploded." She added: "That is one lucky escape. "Still standing yards away from the scene trying to understand how this happened." Firefighters rushed to the scene and extinguished the fire shortly before 5pm (local time). The cause of the fire is still unknown. The fire sent thick black smoke above the centre of Paris, alerting residents and tourists. It was also reported that loud bangs were heard as the bus burst into flames. Police cordoned off the area to protect civilians as the firefighters worked to extinguish it. Citizens and passersby were shocked by the accident and shared photos and videos of it on social media. Footage from the scene shows multiple small explosions from the material of the vehicle, releasing sparks and thick black smoke. Images shot by an eyewitness showed smoke rising over the Seine river, roughly 200 metres from the famous Notre-Dame Cathedral. @Cicek_Kahraman_ wrote on Twitter: "I shot this right now from the roof of Pompidou in Paris. "From what I can see there is a fire right next to Notre Dame Cathedral." The iconic Cathedral is currently under restoration after being destroyed in a fire on April 15, 2019. By the time the Notre Dame blaze was extinguished, the building's spire had collapsed, most of its roof had been destroyed and its upper walls were severely damaged. Many works of art and religious relics suffered smoke damage, while some of the exterior art was damaged as well. Three emergency workers were also injured as terrifying scenes shocked the globe. The fire resulted in the contamination of the site and nearby areas of the city with toxic dust and lead. French President Emmanuel Macron had said at the time the Cathedral would be restored by 2024.