Winston Churchill's statue in Parliament Square has come under repeated scrutiny over the past two years, with protesters demanding its removal because of his allegedly "racist" views. Further discussions on the placement of the statue are now expected to take place after Westminster Council's review concluded Churchill held "apparent racist views" during his life. But fuming Amanda in East Sussex insisted she will not allow anyone to remove the statue as she insisted cancel culture has now gone too far. Speaking to talkRADIO, Amanda said: "I'm just so angry that Winston Churchill's name keeps being insulted in this way. "The fact that no MP seems to be standing up to this cancel culture insanity in the Conservative Party – what are they going to be doing next? "Are they going to demand Winston Churchill's statue has to be torn down because of this review?" She continued: "And if so, why is it that the people who want the statue to remain, why is it that we aren't given a voice? JUST IN: Remainer Alastair Campbell red-faced after journalist fires back at BBC Brexit bias rant "It's out of control. If they think they're going tear it down, I tell you now over mine and a lot of other people out there's dead bodies. "Because it's not going to happen." The council drew up a list of more than 50 monuments over concerns they could be targeted following the row over Edward Colston's statue, which was toppled into Bristol Harbour in 2020. The report established a colour-coded system identifying the attack risk level of each monument. READ MORE: Pensioners could be missing out on up to £4,000 a year from DWP - are you? Westminster City Council’s executive director of environment Raj Mistry said: "Raj Mistry, Westminster City Council’s executive director of environment, said: "This document was compiled in the summer of 2020 during national debate on public statues. "As responsible custodians of our city it is right that the council prepares for a variety of circumstances. "The list assesses the likelihood of public monuments maintained by the council potentially being targeted. No action was taken as a result." There are currently no plans to remove Churchill's statue or any other monument flagged as at risk during the Black Lives Matter protests two years ago. DON'T MISSBritain braced for ‘early shortages’ of tomatoes amid rising costs [REVEAL]Jeremy Corbyn’s Ukraine remarks ‘demolished’ by former ally [REPORT]UK and US have 'big opportunity' to isolate Russia and take major ally [INSIGHT] And despite calls for the statues of people connected to Britain's colonial past to be removed, Foreign Secretary Liz Trus this month insisted it is "time to end" challenges to British history. Ms Truss said the “constant self-questioning and introspection” needed to cease. The debate over Britain's past has grown tense in recent years, with literary, political, and other prominent public figures coming under scrutiny for their views and actions. Only last week, author Jane Austen was removed from the curriculum at Stirling University in an attempt to decolonise and diversify the courses offered to students.