The sixth and final season of Better Call Saul is finally upon us, and fans were treated to two brand new episodes of the popular Breaking Bad spin-off on Monday night. Although the double bill premiere on AMC and Netflix was well-received by fans and critics alike, many viewers were let down when they weren’t given another glimpse at Jimmy McGill/Saul Goodman’s (played by Bob Odenkirk) future. Season openers of Better Call Saul usually begin with a flash-forward to Jimmy’s future, keeping a low profile in his disguise as Cinnabon manager Gene Takovic. However, this wasn’t the case with the two-part premiere of season six, Wine and Roses and Carrot and Stick. Several fans took to Twitter in disappointment when the latest episodes failed to provide an insight into Gene’s story after the events of Breaking Bad. @Richarsonix2 asked: “No Gene during opening scene?” READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series @bettyb00p00 tweeted: “We didn’t get a Gene scene to start the season off…” And @ChadGil30453443 fumed: “No Gene starter. So p****d.” Although fans have only seen roughly 25 minutes of Gene’s life as a store manager so far, it has become one of the most compelling sections of Vince Gilligan’s acclaimed follow-up series. Finally free from Walter White (Bryan Cranston) and the cartel, Gene lives a humdrum life to keep a low profile whilst reminiscing about his former life as a hot-shot lawyer. However, it’s still unclear how Jimmy made it to this point, and whether he’ll ever reunite with his wife Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn). @Spikester81 added: “No Gene Takovic scene? I’m a lil disappointed!” (sic) Season six will be split into two parts, meaning the final part of Jimmy’s story will be slightly longer than usual. Hopefully, this means there’s also plenty of time to explore Gene’s life more fully in the coming weeks. DON'T MISS:Life After Life boss worried he 'terrified' cast with restrictions [INSIGHT]Life After Life cast on sharing apartments with MAFS stars [INTERVIEW]Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series [EXCLUSIVE] This being the final season, some fans are also hoping to see a whole episode dedicated to Jimmy’s store manager persona to completely tie up the Breaking Bad saga. @EpsilonThirteen speculated: “No Gene now, means three straight episodes of Gene later. That's the rule.” And @ReviewsZach suggested: “I have a deep feeling that we’re going to get an entirely Gene episode at the end of this season.” This could potentially take place in the second half of the season, which will begin in July this year following a short break. Gene’s cover could very well be blown the next time fans see him after an ominous encounter with a taxi driver who seemed to know too much. Although there was no sign of Gene this week, viewers did get a glimpse of Jimmy/Saul’s mansion for the very first time, complete with a solid gold toilet. Will Gene ever manage to reclaim his life as one of Albuquerque’s top lawyers? Or is Jimmy destined to spend the rest of his life lying low to avoid his growing list of enemies? Better Call Saul season 6 continues Mondays on AMC in the USA, and the following Tuesday on Netflix.