Former West Ham flop Sebastien Haller could be set to follow Erik ten Hag to Manchester United, according to a new report. The 27-year-old has rebuilt his reputation under Ten Hag at Ajax after his disastrous stint in the Premier League with the Hammers. Ten Hag was announced as United's new manager last week and is set to embark on a major summer overhaul as he bids to bring glory back to Old Trafford. And Haller has now emerged as a potential target after his stunning season in Amsterdam. According to The Sun, Ten Hag is mulling over a move Haller, who has plundered a remarkable 31 goals this season. His impressive haul includes 11 strikes in the Champions League and is a world away from his pitiful record in east London, where he mustered just 14 goals in 18 months for the Hammers. West Ham were desperate to offload their club-record £42million man and ended up taking a huge hit to get him off the books. Ajax shelled out £20m to bring the Ivory Coast international to the Eredivisie - and they could be set to make a quick profit. READ MORE: Tottenham 'to hire Paratici partner in crime' to find Conte players The report outlines that Haller - who still has two years left to run on his current Ajax deal - would be available for around £35m; a figure that would appeal to the Old Trafford hierarchy. The club have ambitious transfer plans but they look set to be priced out of moves for Declan Rice and Harry Kane, who are both expected to cost in excess of £100m. United have relied heavily on Cristiano Ronaldo for goals this season after the Portuguese superstar made a romantic return to the club last summer. The 37-year-old has delivered, netting 22 goals in 36 games, but it remains to be seen if he'll see out the second year of his deal after United's disastrous season. The club are also set to lose Edinson Cavani in the summer, with the Uruguayan set to quit the club after a miserable second season. There are also doubts over Marcus Rashford, who has been urged to move on for the sake of his career after struggling for minutes under Ralf Rangnick. DON'T MISS...Arsenal 'expected to make £35m Gabriel Jesus bid' after transfer talksMan Utd 'watching Roma star Nicolo Zaniolo' but Mourinho has final sayLiverpool signing Aurelien Tchouameni could spell the end for two aces While Haller may fit the bill for United in the wake of his resurgence in Holland under Ten Hag, they could face stiff competition in their bid to prise the striker away from Amsterdam for a reasonable sum. According to Bild, Haller has also caught the eye of German giants Bayern Munich. The newly-crowned Bundesliga champions are making contingency plans incase their talisman, Robert Lewandowski, quits the club this summer over a contract dispute, and Haller fits the bill as a potential replacement. Lewandowski is reportedly open to calling time on his prolific spell at the Allianz Arena. The 33-year-old's current deal is set to run out next year - meaning this summer is the last opportunity for Bayern to cash in on the potent Polish striker.