 As the eldest, the Duke of Cambridge was “both a stand-in and a buffer” when the marriage between their father Prince Charles and their mother, the late Princess Diana, disintegrated, according to author Tina Brown. An excerpt from the award-winning magazine editor’s upcoming book The Palace Papers claims that Harry and William at times saw things very differently.   Ms Brown wrote: "From their earliest childhood, William and Harry were collateral damage in a cold war between their parents, one that could turn hot in front of them in alarming ways.” The couple announced their separation in 1992 but did not reach a final divorce agreement until August 1996. Ms Brown claimed the younger Prince Harry idolised Diana while William was frequently frustrated by the media’s fixation on her. She said: "The two-year age gap between them was critical in forging their distinctive worldviews and, equally so, in shaping their perceptions of their mother. Prince Harry idolized Diana more and understood her less." Princess Diana’s private life reportedly caused William some problems at school, with claims that the young prince was seen crying at boarding school in Eton following his mother’s bombshell interview with the BBC’s Martin Bashir in 1995.   Ms Brown claims that William was aware of his mother’s strategy of cooperating with the media, however it sometimes put tensions on their relationship. In 1996, William, who was just 13 at the time, was taken along to a meeting with Piers Morgan where the then-editor of the Daily Mirror was given permission to ask Diana “literally anything”. Diana’s alleged affair with the famous England rugby player, Will Carling, was discussed, as recalled in Mr Morgan’s own book. Ms Brown said: "He [William] was privy to her volatile love life. He knew the tabloids made her life hell, but he also knew she colluded with them. "By his early teens, he was his mother's most trusted confidant. She used to describe him as 'my little wise old man.’”     The author’s characterisation of William and Harry’s differing perspectives of their mother echoes both princes’ own words. Speaking in his docu-series The Me You Can’t See which aired in May 2021, Harry said he strongly identified with Diana. He said: "Family members have said, 'Just play the game and your life will be easier,' but I've got a hell of a lot of my mum in me. "I feel as though I'm outside of the system but I'm still stuck there. The only way to free yourself and break out is to tell the truth." Meanwhile, William has given a more complex view of his mother. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan shares heartbreak as Harry brings tears [LIVE]Harry and Meghan have 'no room to heal' relationship with Royal Family [LATEST]Investigation launched after sensitive information about Queen leaked [BREAKING]  During the bombshell interview with Mr Bashir, Princess Diana famously said: “There were three of us in this marriage so it was a bit crowded.” In a statement released after an investigation found that BBC journalist had manipulated his way into securing the famous interview in 1995, the prince described the interview as a “false narrative”. He said: "It is my view that the deceitful way the interview was obtained substantially influenced what my mother said. "The interview was a major contribution to making my parents' relationship worse and has since hurt countless others. "It brings indescribable sadness to know that the BBC's failures contributed significantly to her fear, paranoia and isolation that I remember from those final years with her."