The forecaster has issued yellow warnings for the severe weather across three regions of Scotland: Grampian, Highlands & Eilean Siar and Central, Tayside & Fife. It warned of "disruption" across parts of Scotland from Tuesday evening and into Wednesday morning as a result of the snow, including travel delays, stranded vehicles and passengers and problems with mobile phone coverage.    The Met Office added that rail and air travel could be cancelled or delayed, while some "rural communities could become cut off." Untreated pavement and cycle paths could also become "impassable", the forecaster said. The Met Office's forecast for Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning predicted up to 10cm of snow on high ground. It said: "Persistent rain over northern Scotland will increasingly turn to snow over high ground during Tuesday, then perhaps to lower levels in the afternoon and evening.  "This is likely to bring some accumulations above 100-200m with 3-7cm in places and perhaps 10cm above 300m. "There is some uncertainty by Tuesday night but rain and snow is likely to become focused further north across Scotland with a small chance of 2-5 cm settling at low levels by Wednesday morning and 15 cm above 200-300m - this most likely across Caithness, Sutherland and Ross and Cromarty. "The band of rain and snow is then likely to move back southwards across Scotland during Wednesday, slowly easing." Weather forecaster WXCharts has predicted up to 3cm of snow overnight on Wednesday in Scotland.  According to the forecaster, minimum temperatures will reach -6C in Scotland. The Midlands will sit at around freezing, with temperatures between 0C and 2C. Meanwhile, the south will be warmer, between 5C and 8C. This comes after the UK saw snow across the country last week, with flakes falling as far south as London on Thursday. The Met Office had issued weather warning for icy conditions, just days after the country came out of a wave of warm weather in March. The yellow weather warning for ice covered a large swathe of eastern Scotland, northeast England and Yorkshire. DON'T MISS: UK snow forecast: SECOND Polar blast hits NEXT WEEK - 22cm in Scotland [REPORT] Tim Martin wants to turn Buckingham Palace into Wetherspoons [INSIGHT] Man killed as blast rips through house - residents evacuated [REPORT] The previous week, temperatures had soared to 20C on what became the hottest day of the year so far. The record temperature was more than 10C hotter than usual for this time of year. 