Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has snapped back after it emerged Jesse Lingard called the club's dressing room a 'disaster' to Paul Scholes. The Red Devils were beaten 3-1 by Arsenal in Saturday's Premier League clash at the Emirates Stadium. And that result means they're likely to be strutting their stuff in the Europa League next term. Manchester United went into their match with Arsenal hoping to respond after being beaten 4-0 by Liverpool last time out. But while the performance was better against the Gunners, they still lost 3-1 after goals from Nuno Tavares, Bukayo Saka and Granit Xhaka. After the game, Scholes revealed he’d recently spoken to Lingard - who apparently called the club’s dressing room a ‘disaster’. “I had a quick chat with Jesse [Lingard] the other day,” said the midfielder, who won the lot with United during his playing days. “I’m sure he won’t mind me saying — the dressing room is just a disaster.” THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Rangnick has now hit back - insisting reports would need to ask Lingard about his comments instead. "I don't know, you have to ask Jesse Lingard,” said the 63-year-old, whose side have gone from bad to worse since his appointment. “Obviously, after games like today, there is massive disappointment in the locker room. This is for me normal." In a separate interview, Rangnick condemned United for their defending. And he also took aim at the VAR officials for decisions made against Cristiano Ronaldo and Jadon Sancho. “Today was better than Tuesday, an improved performance. We should have scored more goals than we did,” he stated. "We bounced back from a poor start and had numerous chances. He hit the crossbar and the post twice. We had enough chances to get a better result. “The one thing we didn’t do well was defending in and around our own box. This has been an issue all season. We should have defended better. The third goal was a clear offside and I do not understand why VAR did not intervene. “But in possession we created enough chances to get two or even three goals. “They [the players] are very disappointed and frustrated. Had we converted the penalty it would have changed the whole game, but we didn’t. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We hit the post and had another VAR decision, we thought Cristiano’s goal was not offside. There were three unlucky VAR decision against us, there was also a handball decision inside the box. “But again we have to deal with it and cope with it. An improved performance but disappointing result “We need to defend better. We have conceded an average of three goals in our last three games, we were far better a few weeks ago.” United legend Rio Ferdinand also reacted to the defeat. And he admitted things have gone from bad to worse since Rangnick took charge. "First of all, credit to Arsenal,” he said. “They got the job done, by no means a top performance today but they got what is needed at this point of the season, and that is three points. “Manchester United, they had an opportunity to get back in this game, they had chances, obviously the penalty. “They were there for the taking Arsenal, but Manchester United did not smell blood and big moments like those they need to learn to take." He then added: "Being brutally honest, (Ralf) Rangnick has come in and it has got worse."