Despite being purchased by The New York Times, Wordle remains subscription-free and available to all. Indeed, if you head over to the Wordle website right now, you'll find a brand new puzzle available for April 4. Of course, Wordle 289 will only stick around for 24-hours, so you'd better act fast if you want to keep your winning streak alive. If you're struggling with Wordle 289 for April 4, head to the bottom of the page for a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues. Good luck! The aim of Wordle is to figure out a mystery five letter word in just six attempts. After making a guess, the letter tiles will change to one of three colours. Paying attention to the colours of the tiles is key to working out the answer in as few guesses as possible. If the tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. If you really want a challenge, Wordle features a hard mode, which bans players from guessing letters that have already been ruled out. It's risky, however, because if you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. Oh, and remember to share your scores online, especially if you solved today's Wordle really quickly. Read on for the Wordle 289 hints for April 4... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 289 hints and clues for April 4... 1. Wordle 289 starts with the letter S. 2. Wordle 289 contains just one vowel. 3. Feeling cold? Pop one of these over your shoulders.