Liza Minnelli, 76, headed out with her long-time friend Dame Joan Collins, 88, to a swanky Italian restaurant in West Hollywood on Wednesday evening. The duo joined their pal, singer Michael Feinstein, 65, to enjoy pasta dishes at Il Piccolino. Joan shared a snap of the trio to her 273,000 Instagram followers with the caption: “My dear friend Liza Minnelli and Michael Feinstein enjoying the pasta @ilpiccolinorestaurant #Fun #GoodFriends #EatDrinkAndBeMerry.” Liza looked sophisticated in a tailored black blazer as she sat next to Joan who was as glamorous as ever in a black ensemble with dazzling gold jewellery. The Cabaret star’s outing comes after her appearance at the Oscars sparked concern. Liza was pushed onto the stage in a wheelchair with Lady Gaga to present the Best Picture award to CODA. READ MORE:Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit At one point, Liza struggled to read the lines displayed on the autocue and appeared to look at Lady Gaga for assistance. The hitmaker stepped in to introduce the nominees before leaning over and comfortingly telling Liza: “I got you.” To which she whispered: “I know.” The interaction between the stars touched fans, but many took to social media to share their worries. Bee wrote: “I love Liza Minnelli. Makes me a little sad to see her frail and in a wheelchair.” User Love Nature agreed: “I didn't realize Liza Minnelli was so frail now. Wonderful actress.” And SmadAlly said: "Not me crying at the gentle soul that is Lady Gaga encouraging and supporting legend Liza Minnelli #Oscars." Michael Feinstein, who attended the Oscars with Liza, recently spoke out about how Liza was left feeling “discombobulated” after she was told she had to use a wheelchair at the ceremony. DON'T MISSRhea Perlman 'wishes' she and Danny DeVito were 'still together'[LATEST]Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’[INSIGHT]Martin Roberts in hospital with 'hours to live' after chest pains[NEWS] The Grammy-nominated artist claims that Liza told Oscar producers that she wanted to present sitting down in a director’s chair because she was suffering from back pain. He said on SiriusXM's The Jess Cagle Show on Tuesday: “You know, that whole thing was, she was sabotaged. "That's the terrible word to use, but she only agreed to appear at the Oscars if she would be in the director's chair, because she's been having back trouble." According to Michael, five minutes before she was due on stage it was announced that she had “to be in a wheelchair”, which Liza did not want to do. He continued: “She was nervous. “I mean, and it made her look like she was out of it. And she was just so shaken up that it was." Michael maintained that Liza is “really doing well” and was left “disappointed” by how her Oscar’s appearance turned out. Express.co.uk contacted Oscar's representatives for comment at the time.