Backs are more likely to be up today while the Sun forms a square with Pluto, putting trust in others - including life and the process - to a minimum. However, it might help you identify the areas you might be slightly over-attached to, making it important to listen to your intuition today. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for April 18. It’s important to think harder before you speak and act today, as the defensive energy cultivated by a potent combination of the Scorpio Moon transit and the Sun and Pluto positioning might leave you feeling more drawn to clash. Cafe Astrology said: “We might clash with those in authority, or we’re frustrated as our sense of responsibility, or fear of loss in our professional or public lives, conflicts with our personal plans. “We may act compulsively and find it difficult to let go and unwind.” A strong need to be in control can lead to ego conflicts that might force you into a corner. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Scorpio 'pulls the strings' in a relationship  In circumstances like this, Astrology King said “you might have to either defend your position or make a major change.” Gaining awareness of your reasons to be in control will help you evolve and let things go, relax and feel less threatened. It could also be said that these circumstances might push you to discover your own power, as greater self-confidence might stir through these experiences. Cafe Astrology said this power will come from a “strong sense of self”, rather than “superficial energy derived from manipulating people into doing what we want them to do.”  Focus on yourself during periods like these, and try hard not to force matters that might need some more time to unfold. Cafe Astrology said: “We should also watch for a bit of paranoia or suspicion that works against us. This aspect can bring fears and buried matter to the surface.” The Moon will spend most of the day in Scorpio until moving swiftly onto spirited, optimistic Sagittarius in the early hours of the morning - approximately 3.18am BST. DON'T MISS: Scorpio and Gemini personality traits unearthed [EXPLAINED]2022 star sign dates: What are the zodiac signs dates for 2022? [ANALYSIS]Menopause: See a doctor if symptoms effect your 'quality of life' [INSIGHT]    This more explorative energy will aid you to uncover any more complex and difficult problems you might be facing. Sagittarius energy is expansive, curious and enthusiastic, so prepare to wake up feeling slightly more refreshed and inclined to put any matters that may have risen today aside by the morning. 