Formula 1 driver Max Verstappen suffered from “severe Otitis” last month. On hand to take care of him was his girlfriend Kelly Piquet, who affectionately called him a “sick puppy” and even begged her followers for help with curing the affliction. Taking to Instagram in view of her 878k followers, Kelly, 33, posted a photo of herself with the 24-year-old Dutchman, captioned: “Back from taking this sick puppy from the doctor.” As fans shared their concern and wished the driver better soon, Kelly reached out to her followers for help. “Any tips for healing severe Otitis asap (other than antibiotics) are welcome,” she penned. Otitis is an ear infection, with otitis media affecting the middle ear and otitis externa affecting the outer ear. READ MORE: Rod Stewart left Tom Fletcher mortified in ‘awful' run-in over songs It can cause pain, itchiness, a high temperature, sickness and a lack of energy, amongst other symptoms. Antibiotic tablets are generally prescribed for both types of otitis, but for cases affecting the outer ear, GPs may suggest antibiotic, antifungal or steroid ear drops. It hasn’t been the only ailment that Max has suffered from of late. Last year, he suffered a high-speed crash with Lewis Hamilton, which left Max in hospital for precautionary checks. Immediately after the crash, which sent Verstappen into the tyre wall with an impact of 51 times the force of gravity, medical were quick on the scene, with worries that he would be suffering from concussion. FIA medical rescue doctor Ian Roberts explained at the time that “[Verstappen] was a little bit winded to say the least. He got out with a little bit of help”. Later that day, Max took to social media to update fans, explaining he had been “cleared from the hospital” with no long-term injuries. Months later, he was struck down by a lingering “cold virus” which initially sparked concerns it was Covid. DON'T MISS: Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [NEWS]Countdown's Rachel Riley fears show stint could spell 'end of career' [ADMISSION]Kate Garraway 'moving to better place' after struggles, co-star hopes [HOPES] Red Bull advisor Helmut Marko said at the time: “He had a normal cold virus, which is still around even in corona times, which made him a bit weak." Although initially sounding like an average cold virus, Marko went on to reveal some shocking and dangerous symptoms that the driver suffered whilst driving round the track. “During the race, at one point it went completely blank in front of his eyes,” he admitted. Impressively, whilst suffering from intermittent vision loss, the driver still managed to drive the car “at the limit”. Marko said: “It’s unbelievable what mental capacity he still had free. He drives a car at the limit, is in poor health, but still thinks about the strategy design. “Only at the beginning of the race [in Austin] he didn’t feel really fit. But he drank a lot in the cockpit, which then made it better. “There was never any danger for him. On the contrary: the speed he showed in the race was unique.”