Manchester City appear to have been given a boost in their pursuit of Erling Haaland as Real Madrid have ‘cooled’ their interest in the striker, according to reports in the Spanish press. Borussia Dortmund starlet Haaland appears set to leave this summer with all of Europe’s biggest clubs interested in his services.   It has been widely reported that Premier League side City lead the race to sign the prolific 21-year-old. Haaland’s form for Dortmund, for whom he has scored 80 goals in 82 appearances, has caught the attention of Pep Guardiola. City sit top of the top flight despite playing without a recognised striker for most of the season. They are expected to fill that gap when the transfer window opens after missing out on Harry Kane last year. And Guardiola appears to have been handed a significant boost as a key rival in the pursuit of Haaland, Madrid, have apparently ‘cooled’ their interest. Spanish outlet Marca claim the La Liga side will not go in hard to sign Haaland due to his injury record and the ‘excessive economic demands’ from the player’s entourage. Haaland is said to have initially asked for wages of £650,000-per-week - but has now dropped his demands to £400,000-per-week. JUST IN: Kane tipped to get better as Hart lifts lid on 'lunatic' striker Madrid are, instead, expected to revisit their interest in Kylian Mbappe after having two bids rejected last summer. Paris Saint-Germain are yet to agree a new contract with the Frenchman and he could therefore incredibly become a free agent at the end of June. That could mean that City have a freer run on Haaland than they might have imagined. The hotshot, who has 23 strikes in as many games this season, is widely believed to have a release clause of around £64million that becomes active at the end of the season. Guardiola has been keen to play down talk of signing Haaland. The Spaniard insists many things are going to happen before the start of next term.   DON'T MISS...Man City's Guardiola hints Dias will not return in time for LiverpoolMan Utd chiefs in 'considerable debate' over Ten Hag and PochettinoThomas Tuchel 'confident' of new Antonio Rudiger Chelsea contract "Since I am here, every month or two months people say we are going to sign 50 players," Guardiola said in March. "Right now, listen, it's impossible that I am going to talk about some guy who is not here. "He's a Dortmund player and we've an incredible run ahead of us. At the end of the season it is the transfer window and many things are going to happen. "Maybe I speak about this club needing a striker for next five, six, seven years maybe once in the last 12 months. I'm not going to be the guy saying we are a success or not a success because we didn't have a striker." City have already signed striker Julian Alvarez ahead of the start of next season. The Argentine was acquired from River Plate in January but was loaned back to the club for the remainder of the campaign.   