Paris Saint-Germain expected Manchester United to choose Mauricio Pochettino as their next manager, according to reports. United are set to appoint Erik ten Hag as the permanent replacement for interim boss Ralf Rangnick in the summer. Pochettino has long been linked with the Old Trafford job, dating back to his time in charge of Tottenham. The Argentine would have been keen on leaving PSG for the Red Devils. However, Ajax boss Ten Hag is set to be the chosen candidate for United. ESPN's French football expert Julien Laurens has given an update on PSG's reaction to the news. Laurens claims both PSG and Pochettino viewed the United vacancy as the right way for them to part ways. However, the 50-year-old is now in a state of uncertainty over his future. READ MORE: Liverpool have Carvalho deal 'done' with £7.7m fee agreed for summer signing  When asked what United appointing Ten Hag would mean for Pochettino, Laurens told ESPN FC: "That's a really good question and I think that's one of the questions that comes with the Ten Hag move to United. Both Pochettino and PSG really saw the United position as the right ending. "You can go there, we get a bit of money and then we can go and get Zinedine Zidane or someone else or whoever. Because clearly they don't really want Pochettino there next season even if he still has one year left on his contract. "The problem is if the United option is not there anymore, then you might have to keep him even if that's not really what you want. It's got to be one that the PSG hierarchy will have to decide on. "You can still get rid of him of course and pay him up the last year of his contract and then go and get someone else. But that's not really what they had in mind, they really thought United would come for him. DON'T MISSBenzema proves Rio Ferdinand wrong as Real Madrid star bags Chelsea hat-trick [QUOTES]Chelsea's Mount has defiant message for Real Madrid - 'If anyone can do it, it's us' [INTERVIEW]Joe Cole singles out two Chelsea stars for criticism after Real Madrid defeat [REACTION]  "So this is going to make Pochettino's future more uncertain for sure and more difficult to sort out. But United went for who they thought was the best choice." United opted against Pochettino for a couple of reasons. PSG were knocked out of the Champions League at the last-16 stage by Real Madrid despite holding a first-leg lead. PSG would also have demanded much more compensation to release him from his contract. The French side would have asked for up to £15million, compared to the £1.7m United are set to pay Ajax for Ten Hag.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here