Countryfile viewers were left disgusted and confused on Sunday night as farmers appearing on the BBC show revealed they had been using chicken manure to fertilise their land. Due to the rise in the cost of living, many have struggled to keep themselves afloat or wonder how they will keep their businesses going. During a visit from Countryfile presenter Tom Heap, farmer Llyr Jones revealed the way he has cut back on almost half of costs by using his own fertiliser. Tom explained that the national farmers union has called upon Westminster to do more to ensure that farmers keep growing enough food. But at the moment, there is no sign of synthetic fertiliser loans, which is leaving some farmers frustrated. This has left many of them to deploy more homegrown solutions to try and claw back some of the costs. Llyr owns a farm in Derbyshire, growing a mix of arable crops, rearing cattle and keeping 32,000 free-range chickens, which produce 10.5 million eggs a year. READ MORE: Esther Rantzen fumes as Queen is criticised for leaning on Andrew He's currently faring better than most because, as well as chemical fertiliser, he's got plenty of fresh manure from his chickens that cut his fertiliser usage in half, saving him thousands of pounds. Llyr explained to Tom: "It is scary when Vladimir Putin does stuff it affects sheep farming and poultry farming on top of the mountain in Wales. "So by us producing what we need on the farm, it's definitely isolated us from most of the risk." Tom was concerned about risks and asked: "We're in an avian flu breakout, is there any danger of spreading this on the fields?" Llyr explained: "As long as you're in the zone, so we're in a free zone here, we're in a clear zone here. "So as long as you're not going from one zone to the other, then it's fine. So we are only a mile away from my chicken farm, so yeah, it is safe to do that." Tom added: "It's not just disease that you have to think about. In Wales, tighter rules are being phased in that restrict what farmers can spread on the ground and when to reduce pollution. "Is there a danger these rules could actually spell the end of using animal manures in farming?" DON'T MISS...JB Gill on Brexit and challenges he faces running farm with wife [INSIGHT]Adam Henson gives sad update on beloved dog Peg  [LATEST]John Craven shares details of first ever Newsround bulletin [WATCH] "I hope not," Llyr quipped. "Because with us trying to reduce our carbon emissions, the animal manure is free manure that we all produce, and if it is used correctly and wisely, it really does a good job." Many viewers were outraged by the revelation and took to Twitter to express how they felt, knowing that chicken manure was being spread over fields. Bob Young wrote: "Worrying about the price of fertiliser, the sewage works must be full of it get on the fields we will just have to live with the stink better than starving #countryfile." @Sparkypatrick added: "Farmer on #CountryFile talking about reducing his costs in the face of rising chemical fertiliser prices by using chicken manure. Meanwhile, in the Wye valley, it's getting dumped in the river." Whilst some agreed with the simple solution Llyr had come up with, as @CitizenErased said: "Fertiliser for crops becoming hugely expensive as most comes from Ukraine/Russia. Farmer on #Countryfile using grass cuttings from local football pitch. Why can’t this initiative be organised UK wide and put everyone’s garden waste to good use?" @Carolmaynot responded: "Why are farmers only just realising they can use their free chicken poo and grass cuttings as fertiliser, instead of buying expensive synthetic stuff? It doesn’t sound like rocket science to us gardeners #countryfile" Mary Jessop wrote: "If they have the facilities and the manpower to do it, then why not! If it means that we are still going to support local farm shops and keep the cost of living low, then good on them." (sic) Countryfile airs Sunday from 6pm on BBC One.