Following Conservative MP Richard Holden’s written request to Durham Police to reopen a probe into claims that Labour leader Keir Starmer broke lockdown rules over some drinks with Labour officials, Mr Holden said: “what everybody wants is to see the rules constantly applied across the country”. Referring to PM Boris Johnson’s Partygate fine and Durham police’s previous stance that no offence was committed by Mr Starmer, he claimed: “We cannot have a situation where it is one rule for Keir Starmer and the Labour Party and another for everybody else”. Speaking at GB News, presenter Tom Harwood said: “The police had to question their investigations team over an event in Durham in April 2021. “The one where sir Keir Starmer was filmed drinking with colleagues. “Durham Constabulary, which has previously rejected the idea that an offence was committed, is now considering a probe into claims that sir Keir Starmer broke lockdown rules over those drinks with Labour officials. “This comes after Conservative MP for Northwest Durham Richard Holden wrote to the police last week, asking them to reconsider their decision. “All of course in light of the Metropolitan Police’s decision to fine the Prime Minister and the Chancellor for saying Happy Birthday in Downing Street. Talking to MP Richard Holden who joined the studio, he said: “The police says it will respond to the matter that you raised in your latter. “And also considers the matters that you raised under a freedom of information request. “Could you fill us in on what asked [the police] to do?” READ MORE: French firm behind UK passport delays and chaos to be reprimanded MP Richard Holden responded: “I have asked the police to reexamine the case against Keir Starmer. “I think what everybody wants is to see the rules constantly applied across the country. “That is all I am asking for. “And given the fact that the Metropolitan Police seem to have interpreted rules one way and Durham police a different way, I think it is really time that we examine those rules. DON'T MISS: ZERO dinghies detected just days after Rwanda scheme unveiled [WATCH] Truss blasted over ‘shoulder-shrugging’ response to hated EU deal [LISTEN] Sue Gray's partygate QC exposed as anti-Boris Labour-backing Remoaner [INSIGHT] “Because the one thing that cares is to explain what the difference was between what [Sir Keir Starmer] did and what the Prime Minister has done. “The only difference is the fact that one of them was fined and one of them was not.” He concluded: “We cannot have a situation where it is one rule for Keir Starmer and the Labour Party and another for everybody else. “And that is what I was to see challenged by the police”.