Unlike energy, you can’t switch your water provider to secure a better tariff, leaving few options when it comes to reducing your household water bill. Making the switch to a meter from a fixed rate tariff means you pay for your actual usage rather than for your property, but which one works out cheaper? What are the benefits of using a water meter? A water meter is a device that records your usage and is used by your supplier to calculate your bill. This means that you only pay for what you use, rather than overpaying at times when you’re actually using less than you are being charged for. Households with a non-metered supply pay a fixed price regardless of the amount of water used. The fixed price is made up of two key costs: READ MORE: 'Cheap and gentle' laundry substitutes to use when doing laundry Water meters are a good way to track your water usage and avoid overpaying on your bill, but they aren’t necessarily the cheapest option for every household. According to Money Saving Expert, Martin Lewis, there is one quick way to check if you’d benefit from getting a water meter. Speaking on his ITV show Martin Lewis Money Show Live, he revealed that it is worth seeing if you can save cash on your bill if your house has the same number of bedrooms as it does people. He said: “So three bedrooms, two people, you would say yes.” Savings can be made in this case because water bills are based on the value of your house (the rateable value). This means that the bigger your property is, the more you will pay - even if there are only two or three people living there. Fixed prices will vary across different water providers, but some base their non-metered charges on your property banding. Therefore if you live alone but in a large property, or in an expensive area which attracts a higher band, you could be paying more than you need to for water. DON'T MISS:Is a washing up bowl worth it? Cheap hack to slash your bills [ANALYSIS]Electric vans are now cheaper to operate than diesel [INSIGHT]Houseplants: How to care for plants during warmer weather [REVEAL] Aside from the possible financial savings, switching to a water meter is beneficial for several other reasons, including: Tracking your usage with a meter is one of the quickest ways to spot anomalies in your bill, such as a water leak. If you are unfortunate enough to experience a leak in your property, it will quickly show up as excessive water usage on your bill - making it more expensive. This could be an early warning sign before too much damage is done, saving you money on both your future bills and costly household repairs. If you have a meter installed and find that you don’t save money, you can change your mind and switch back. This can only be done within the first two years of installation, but it is a good way to assess the cheapest payment method for your usage. Being aware of your usage can often make you use your water more economically. Taking shorter showers, changing the way you wash up and simply turning running taps off sooner can all cut your bill, while reducing water waste.