Three years after both the UK and the European Union signed the Northern Ireland protocol as part of the Brexit agreement, Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis is now calling on the UK government to get grips with EU talks and reform it once-and-for-all in line with the Good Friday Agreement - for the sake of Northern Ireland’s economy. Speaking to the House of Commons, Mr Lewis said: “The implementation of the protocol is having a profound impact. The change is needed urgently to resolve the issues of fair businesses, consumers, and communities.” “And I would just remind the House that this is, of course, a consistent position of the UK government going back to March 2019. “And [as] the Attorney General himself outlined, the primacy of the UK Government will always be the Good Friday agreement and it’s right that we deliver on that, and we will do.” Under the protocol, the UK must carry out cross border checks with goods coming into Northern Ireland from the rest of the UK. Since the protocol came into effect at the start of 2021, the UK has been calling for changes such as the suppression of checks and paperwork between the mainland and Northern Ireland. The EU has dismissed any changes but has come up with proposals such as reducing checks on food products by 80 percent. The protocol has been a sticking point due to the Good Friday peace agreement that brought an end to the Troubles in Ireland in 1998 after 30 years of conflict. The Good Friday Agreement removed any physical border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. The main fear with Brexit was that if any infrastructure were to be set up, it could become a target and trigger political instability. READ MORE: Mordaunt: Joy as string of post-Brexit trade deals with US poised  During the initial negotiations, both the UK and the EU agreed that protecting the Good Friday Agreement was a number one priority. And now, the UK is threatening to tear up the Northern Ireland protocol and unilaterally reform it, according to LBC. That would include suspending checks on goods travelling between Great Britain and Northern Ireland – a direct breach of the Brexit deal. Northern Ireland’s First Minister Paul Givan resigned on February 3 amid his party’s protests against the protocol, which would represent a threat to Northern Ireland’s place within the UK. DON'T MISS: Shameless Sturgeon demands £337million MORE for Scotland [REPORT]How long do you need on your passport to travel? 5 new Brexit rules [ANALYSIS]Brexit revenge as UK scientists forced to relocate to EU  [INSIGHT]   The UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, also UK’s Brexit minister, warned she would trigger article 16 if the UK fails to secure changes with the EU, meaning the UK could unilaterally suspend any part of the agreement that causes “economic, societal or environmental difficulties.” According to estimates by the Northern Ireland economist Esmond Birnie, Northern Ireland imports about £10 billion annually. With the checks in place, the bill would be about £600 million. Businesses would be the first impacted by this, with an estimated six percent increase in the cost of bringing goods into Northern Ireland.