Looking for a new house can be a stressful time, with competition being extremely high at the moment. This can result in many forgetting to look out for any damage to the property, which will eventually cost money to fix. One expert has shared what interior flaws prospective buyers should be looking out for when viewing homes this spring. John O’Leary, Swyft’s design director, said: “Fitted carpets…I’m sure we’ve all seen a property listing, fallen in love, then noticed the bright red carpet in the living room. “While it’s easy to think we can just replace that, it’s worth bearing in mind that this can cost anywhere between £700 to £2,000. “So, if it’s just in one room it’s probably not a huge issue, but if it’s the entire house it’s worth factoring that into your house price budget. “Another good idea is asking the estate agent what’s underneath the carpet, if it’s a rugged oak flooring, you’re onto a winner.” READ MORE: Use plants as a ‘natural pesticide’ to get rid of slugs this spring Good natural lighting is also high on home buyers’ wish lists as it can help make a room feel more spacious. When it comes to viewing a property, the expert recommended checking out how much natural light each room gets as well as exactly where the light hits. John said this is “crucial”, especially in smaller properties. He added: “The first reason being, most of us enjoy a home that attracts a good amount of light. The second, and less obvious is, thinking about whether you plan to place any key pieces of furniture where the light hits. DON'T MISS:How to use white vinegar to keep ants out of the home this spring [EXPERT]Monty Don: ‘Restrict mowing as much as possible’ in April [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to use baking soda to clean stainless sinks [EXPLAINER] “Over time, sunlight can impact the shade and finish of furniture and other things such as leather sofas. One way to combat this is to opt for fabrics that aren’t hugely impacted by sunlight, such as linens and velvets.” Potential homeowners should also be checking to see where electrical sockets are in each room, and how many. This is especially worth doing for any rooms that may be used as a home office. John said this is a “wise move” because adding new plug sockets is another additional cost. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The expert continued: “[Look at] wall finishes. The finish of the walls can be an issue, if wallpapered, the colour or pattern may not be to your taste. “This can take more time than one might think to strip and re-wallpaper, or to prepare the walls and paint. “Sometimes walls are papered over to hide cracks, so if painting you need to sand and fill first which takes time. Or, you may even need an expert to re-plaster. When looking at wall finishes, taking a glance at the windows is also a good idea. Some older properties may have wooden frames which can often be poorly insulated, making for a colder home. Changing to double glazing is always an option, but John warned it is another extra cost. John continued: “A key one to look out for is storage space, is it easily accessible and plentiful to hold everything you plan to put in it? “My main tip here would be around the accessibility side, it’s great to have storage but if you can’t manoeuvre a piece of furniture you want to put in it because it’s placed in an awkward position in the house, it will be of little use. “This is where a measuring tape on viewing day comes in handy.” Staircases, metals and fireplaces can often be expensive to replace or renovate. According to John, potential homeowners should check whether they have been panelled in or enclosed, and what type of work will need to be done to get them to a place where you’re happy with them. Typically, these types of replacements can cost up to £800.