Madonna has broken up with her boyfriend Ahlamalik Williams, according to reports. Madonna, 63, is said to have ended things with Williams, 28, after a three-year romance. The iconic singer is said to have told pals she is single again after breaking up with the US dancer. “Madonna has thrown herself into a busy social life and has been seeing her friends and family after the split,” said a source. “Things have been on and off with Ahlamalik for a while. There’s a lot of love but for now they have decided to separate. They are still on good terms and there are no hard feelings but they are at different places with their lives.” The insider added to The Sun: “They spent months together on tour and in lockdown, but now he has moved out of her home. With them both working on other things, it was hard to keep their romance alight.” Ahlamalik began working with Madonna a few years before their relationship began, and was part of the singer's Rebel Heart tour in 2015. The same year their relationship became public, Ahlamalik posted in tribute to Madonna over his involvement in her song God Control, which depicted a mass shooting. He said: “Thank you Madonna for letting me be a part of a powerful message that speaks volumes on so many different levels. “The [world] needs to open their minds, along with their eyes.” In a raunchy video back in 2020, Madonna twerked on Ahlamalik in a “deep stretch”. The Material Girl singer grinded against her beau as she captioned the video: “Rehab doesn't have to be boring………." Madonna has been sending fans wild lately with her racy snaps. The singer took to Instagram in view of her 17.8 million followers to share a string of pictures as she posed in a studio eating sushi. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!'Johnny Depp says he was domestic violence victim amid text 'shame' Madonna shared the raunchy photos while she rocked a black studded leather jacket and fishnet tights. She flaunted her enviable figure as she posed with her legs spread while holding onto her black sunglasses and provocatively covering her crotch with her hand. Madonna accessorised the black outfit with a pair of silver cross earrings, matching necklaces, black winged eyeliner and black leather gloves. Her signature platinum blonde tresses were styled in voluminous curls which fell effortlessly around her face. She made sure her hair did not block her ample assets though, as they were left on full display under her mesh top. The singer showed off her youthful appearance with several close ups of her wrinkle free face as she ate sushi in the sexy snaps. Madonna captioned the post: "Music and Sushi save my life.,,,,,,, @therealmikedean @sickickmusic #frozen." (sic) Many social media users took to the comments to compliment the hitmaker. Dazesplace said: "The most beautiful and talented woman in the world, Queen."