Joe Root has called quits on his historic five-year reign as England men's Test captain, citing the "toll" of the role as a key reason. The 31-year-old has decided to step down from the role amid intensifying pressure following the humiliating 4-0 thumping by Australia in the Ashes and a defeat to West Indies in his last Test in charge. A change of Test captain is one of several switches being made at the helm of England cricket this year. And in a statement on Friday morning, Root explained his 'challenging' decision to surrender his status as the Three Lions' frontman. It read: "After returning from the Caribbean tour and having time to reflect, I have decided to step down as England Men's Test Captain. It has been the most challenging decision I have had to make in my career but having discussed this with my family and those closest to me; I know the timing is right. "I am immensely proud to have captained my country and will look back on the past five years with enormous pride. It has been an honour to have done the job and to have been a custodian of what is the pinnacle of English cricket. "I have loved leading my country, but recently it's hit home how much of a toll it has taken on me and the impact it has had on me away from the game," Root continued. "I want to take this opportunity to thank my family, Carrie, Alfred and Bella, who have lived it all with me and been incredible pillars of love and support throughout. "I would also like to thank all the England supporters for their unwavering support. We are lucky to have the best fans in the world, and wherever we play, that positivity is something we always cherish and admire, which is a huge drive for all of us out there. "I am excited to continue representing the Three Lions and producing performances that will enable the team to succeed. I look forward to helping the next captain, my teammates and coaches in whatever way I can." Despite the miserable ending to his tenure, Root made history after succeeding Sir Alastair Cook in 2017. The Yorkshire star holds the record for the most numbers of matches and wins as England captain, his 27 triumphs surpassing Michael Vaughan, Cook and Sir Andrew Strauss. Cook's 5,295 runs during his tenure was the highest tally of any skipper in history, and he is the Three Lions' second-highest Test run-scorer of all time. Two of the most memorable moments under his leadership were the 4-1 home series victory over India in 2018 and the 3-1 success away at South Africa two years later.