Chilean golf star Joaquin Niemann holed out for an incredilbe eagle whilst playing alongside Tiger Woods during the opening round of The Masters. Niemann hit a sweet iron shot from the centre of the ninth fairway into the green, before watching his ball roll over to the pin before dropping into the hole. His remarkable shot saw him move into the lead early on in the tournament at the turn. Scoring has proved difficult in the opening exchanges, and Niemann's round got off to a difficult start following a bogey at the first. The Chiliean was no doubt playing in front of the biggest crowd of his career, after partnering Woods during his remarkable return to the PGA Tour. However the youngster then seemingly settled in in front of the remarkable crowd, by putting his opening bogey behind him to card back-to-back birdies at the third and fourth to move to one-under-par for the tournament. A run of four pars would then follow for Niemann before, landing a shot he will no doubt remember for the rest of his life with his eagle at nine. Woods meanwhile was back out competing for the first time since November 2020 - again at The Masters - in what is his first outing back on the PGA Tour since sustraining severe injuries during a high-speed car crash 14 months ago. The American has marked his remarkable return with a steady performance so far, sitting at level-par through nine holes. The 82-time PGA Tour champion rolled back the years and had the galleries celebrating, after firing his tee shot at the par three sixth within gimmie distance. The American then rolled in the putt for birdie, but then carded a bogey at the ninth to leave him level at the turn. Woods has been the centre of discussion in the build-up to the opening event of the season, after being linked with a return to the event he had won on five occasions, after 17 months out. The American confirmed that he would take to the Augusta course on Tuesday after arriving at the course over the weekend. After confirming he would be teeing it up in the opening round, Woods gava clear statement of intent after confirming he believes he could win the event after being questioned in his pre-tournament press conference. A fairytale victory would see the golfing great become the PGA Tour's most successful payer of all time on 83 wins.