Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki fumed at the French President over his failure to take decisive action against Putin over Russia's attack on Ukraine. The Polish leader said Mr Macron is "negotiating with Hitler" as the French President keeps the dialogue with Putin open in the hope that Russia ends the war. Mr Morawiecki said: “President Macron, how many times have you negotiated with Putin? "What have you achieved? Have you stopped any of the actions that have taken place? “Criminals are not negotiated with, criminals must be fought. Nobody negotiated with Hitler. "You would negotiate with Hitler, with Stalin, with Pol Pot afterwards?” He continued: “Enough of this game of the delay of some European leaders, manoeuvring, spinning. “Strong sanctions are needed, those that will break Putin’s war machine, otherwise more innocent people will die.” Poland has been one of the strongest proponents in the EU of tougher energy sanctions on Russia. In an attack on Germany as well, Morawiecki said that Berlin was the main roadblock to imposing tougher sanctions on Russia, adding that Hungary was not blocking them. READ MORE: French urged to turn off dishwashers as energy crisis deepens His comment comes after Prime Minister Viktor Orban won a national election on Sunday after facing criticism over an insufficiently tough stance on Russian aggression in Ukraine. "We have to see that, regardless of how we approach Hungary, this is the fourth such win and we have to respect democratic elections ... it's Germany that is the main roadblock on sanctions. Hungary is for the sanctions," Morawiecki said. Poland's foreign minister called on Sunday for the international community to help Ukraine investigate the actions of the Russian army in the region around Kyiv, as outrage grew over the discovery of dead bodies in the town of Bucha. "The liberation of the Kyiv region reveals barbaric atrocities committed by the Russian armed forces," Zbigniew Rau, who is also chairman-in-office of the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) for this year, said on Twitter. DON'T MISS:100,000 MORE techies 'to leave' Russia in IT industry exodus [INSIGHT]Orban triumphs in Hungarian election after celebrating 'huge victory' [ANALYSIS]Raab calls for cash as Tories 'risk losing' Blue Wall to Lib Dems [VIDEO] "I urge @OSCE participating states and the international community to assist Ukraine in ensuring that these crimes are properly investigated." Ukraine's foreign minister on Sunday accused Russian forces of carrying out a "massacre" in the town of Bucha, while US Secretary of State Antony Blinken described images of dead bodies there as "a punch in the gut". Russia's defence ministry denied that Russian forces had killed civilians in Bucha, and said all photographs and footage showing dead bodies were "yet another provocation". In a statement, it said all Russian military units had left the town on March 30.