Josephine Jobert left her role as Florence Cassell following the series 11 finale of Death in Paradise. The detective decided to leave Saint Marie after taking part in a dangerous undercover mission where she almost got shot by a villain. Fans were also left gutted when Florence rejected Neville Parker's (played by Ralf Little) romantic advances. However, in a new interview, the actress who played Florence opened up about how she landed her role in the BBC cop drama. Josephine spoke with her former co-star Tahj Miles, who plays police officer Marlon Pryce in Death in Paradise. The actress admitted she had originally auditioned for the BBC series years before she landed the role of Florence, but she didn't end up getting the part. She recalled: "Funny fact... before I auditioned for Florence, I auditioned two years earlier for another character, a guest actor." READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series Josephine continued: "But my English at that time isn't what it is today. I did the first audition and then I had a callback and they gave me a script and I had to read the script. "However, it was the first time I had seen the script so I didn't have the chance to practice before, and so I didn't get the job. "I auditioned with the casting director and for the callback, they gave me a scene to read but because my English wasn't that good at the time, reading a scene... it was difficult. "I didn't get the job but thankfully, three years later I auditioned for Florence and for a main character." "Sometimes when things don't happen and you're like, 'Oh, it's a shame,' but it's for a good reason," she added in Tahj's podcast The Table Read. Josephine joined the cast as Florence Cassell in season four but as a uniformed police officer. She worked closely beside fellow officer Dwayne Myers (Danny John-Jules), lead detective Humphrey Goodman (Kris Marshall) and Camille Bordey (Sara Martins). However, the actress admitted to facing a number of challenges when she first started filming for the BBC drama. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [INSIGHT]Vera star pays tribute to co-star Brenda Blethyn [NEWS]Coronation Street theory: Gary kills again after Rick discovery [SPOILERS] Josephine explained she was already filming a series for a French company when production for Death in Paradise had begun. "I don't think I have ever talked about this before," the Florence star admitted. "I was filming the French series but Death in Paradise started filming while I was still supposed to film the French series. "The producers on the French series didn't help me at all, they were furious I'd got another job." "They did everything they could to stop me from doing Death in Paradise," Josephine claimed. "I cried, my god and with my agent, we fought for two weeks and I had to...and they were like, 'We can't release her earlier, it's impossible.' "They could, they just didn't want to. I think they called the BBC to threaten them...it got crazy." Josephine admitted she "cried for days" after the French company almost stopped her from filming Death in Paradise, However, in the end, Josephine and her mum worked out a gruelling work schedule where she could film for both of her projects. The star ended up flying back and fourth for two weeks while she finished filming for the French series. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer and BritBox.