Harry claimed he wanted to “protect” the Queen during his latest interview with NBC’s Today show on Wednesday, April 20. The previous week, he had stopped to visit his grandmother on his way to the Invictus Games in The Netherlands. Both Harry and his wife Meghan Markle had tea with the Queen in their first joint trip to the UK since stepping down as senior royals two years ago. He said: “Being with her was great. It was so nice to see her.” Adding: “I’m just making sure that she’s, you know, protected and got the right people around her.” Richard Palmer, the Daily Express’ Royal Correspondent, told Royal Roundup host Pandora Forsyth: “It's been seen as a dig at some of the senior advisers to the Queen. “I think there's a little bit of bitterness left over from after he and Meghan got married and they felt Meghan didn't get the help and support she needed.” In response, Express.co.uk readers were asked if they thought Harry needed to apologise. In a poll that ran from 10am on Thursday, April 21, to 11am on Friday, April 22, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Harry apologise for Queen comments in US interview?” A total of 4,364 people responded with dozens of comments left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their views on Harry’s latest interview. The dominant response – winning by a landslide of 98 percent (4,294 people) – was “yes”, Harry should apologise for his comments about the Queen in his interview. A further two percent (62 people) said “no” and just eight people said they did not know. The majority of readers commented that Harry should apologise. Username uktink said: “He needs to apologise to everyone from the Queen down. He has insulted everyone.” Username JL77 said: “Absolutely Harry should apologise.” And username L65 wrote: “Absolutely…but he has to mean it.” Another user, UKPatriot, said: “Harry's comments tried to diminish and patronise the Queen who has all her faculties and is still working. “She is perfectly capable of deciding whom she wishes to have close.” DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: 'Is it enough?' Harry opens up about 'struggle' in new BBC interview [LIVE BLOG]Prince Harry shakes hands with King Willem-Alexander at Invictus royal meeting [LATEST]Royal POLL: Can Harry and Meghan help boost Netflix after major subscriber loss? [VOTE] Username Audumla wrote: “Apologise to the whole country.” Others thought that he should not apologise for his comments with username unregistered writing: “No point, the damage is already done.” Likewise, username Hunte921 said: “Too little, too late.” Username Di4 wrote: “If someone has to be asked to apologise then the apology is worthless.” And username lesleyann said: “No, just stay away from our beautiful Queen and let her enjoy her deserved jubilee!” Harry and Meghan relocated to the US following their decision to step back as working royals in 2020. The couple is raising their two children, Archie, two, and Lilibet, ten months, in Montecito, California. The Queen is yet to meet her great-granddaughter Lilibet.