Jordan Henderson may still be doing an incredible job for Liverpool in the midfield, but Jurgen Klopp has been urged to sign Conor Gallagher as a long-term replacement for the Reds skipper. Gallagher has starred on loan at Crystal Palace, and there is no guarantee he will start for Chelsea next season. Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has been urged to sign Chelsea loan star Conor Gallagher as a long-term replacement for Jordan Henderson. Klopp may have built one of the best squads in European football, but he has already started to look to the future as Ibrahima Konate and Luis Diaz were both brought in this season. However, with some key members of Liverpool's midfield starting to age, Klopp will have to address matters in the middle of the park in the near future. Liverpool are yet to replace Georginio Wijnaldum who left in the summer, but the second coming of Thiago has more than filled the void that the Dutchman left. But Klopp has been urged to sign Gallagher from Chelsea, after a breakthrough season on loan at Crystal Palace.  READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims Gallagher has been one of the standout midfielders this season after flourishing under Patrick Viera, but the star is due to return to Chelsea in the summer. However, there are no guarantees that the 22-year-old will be able to work his way into Thomas Tuchel's side, with N'Golo Kante, Jorginho and Mateo Kovacic all ahead of him in the pecking order. Therefore, Queens Park Rangers striker Charlie Austin has advised Klopp to act fast and bring him to Anfield, as he sees him as a natural long-term replacement for Henderson. Austin told talkSport: "I think for any football team would love to have Conor Gallagher. "He’s so energetic, you look at him the way he plays, I think a lot of football fans see him play and would think ‘I would like him to be at my club’." And when asked by talkSport host Andy Goldstein if he would want to see him at Anfield, Austin replied: "I say yes. READ MOREJurgen Klopp claims Anthony Gordon 'lucky' not to get sent off in Liverpool win vs EvertonErik ten Hag 'in love' with Darwin Nunez and 'personally requests' Man Utd transfer dealVillarreal have three players to worry Liverpool in Champions League semi-final clash  "I said he would be, not a replacement, not saying this for Jordan Henderson. But when Jordan moves on, or retires, or comes into a new football role, he [Gallagher] would be great for Liverpool." Gallagher's performances at Palace have earned him a call-up to Gareth Southgate's England team, and Austin feels as though the midfielder will be assessing his options ahead of the World Cup in 2022. Austin added: "Him coming to Chelsea, I think it’s a perfect opportunity for him. "As players, when an opportunity comes, you’ve got to take them and this one, I think Conor Gallagher will be looking at, as well as his representatives. Whether they are thinking what we can do next year.  "I think he will be looking at it and thinking, ‘I’m going to try my best and give everything at Chelsea’." And Austin thinks that he will get into the squad if he stays at Chelsea, as he said: "If he stays at Chelsea, yes. [Palace] I’m not sure." But Palace chairman Steve Parish may be feeling optimistic about re-signing Gallagher for at least another year, as he said he would love to pursue a follow-up deal shortly after their FA Cup semi-final defeat: "Of course. But the player is the number one person. "He knows exactly what his priorities are and he knows exactly what he's doing. I'm sure at the end of the season. Conor will work out what he thinks the best thing for him is and that will that will be the catalyst for it.  "If there's an opportunity to get him or even Ruben Loftus-Cheek then of course. These are top players and it's been brilliant having him here this year, not just because of what he does on the pitch. Also because of the way he is around the place, the way he is with the media and supporters and because of how special a lad he is." But Tuchel was also open to having him in the Chelsea squad next season, although he did leave the door open for potential negotiation. Tuchel said: "I believe Conor can be a part of our squad and can play a role with us. "But I am not the only one to decide. We need to speak after the season with everybody, speak after the season about what Conor wants, we need to see what the situation is and what role we have for him that he can fight for." 