NBC’s highly acclaimed procedural series Law and Order SVU has finally confirmed the date for its upcoming episode which will return after a brief hiatus. The series also revealed Christian Garland (played by Demore Barnes) will make a sensational comeback.  On Thursday, Law and Order SVU returned to screens with another instalment of a thrilling episode which investigated a sexually oriented crime. While viewers are 18 episodes into the shows’ 23rd season, it looks as though fans will have to wait to see more of Captain Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay) and her team. Before the series unleashes its hoard of new episodes as May approaches, Law and Order SVU will go on a brief hiatus. Sadly for fans, this week there will be no new episode, but thankfully, the break will only last one week. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton in double affair drama When the forthcoming episode titled ‘Tangled Strands of Justice,’ lands on screens, it will return with fan favourite and former series regular Demore Barnes, who starred as Garland. It looks as though his presence will make a huge impact on the team as he will need them to pull together for an investigation which ties to his past. The episode’s synopsis read: “Garland asks Benson to reopen a missing persons case he worked as a rookie officer. A victim in one of Carisi’s recent cases is arrested.” This could provide major insight into Garland's life as viewers will discover why he needed to delve into the past.  While it looks as though the missing persons case could play a major part in his present life, this could also suggest Garland’s return could last longer than one episode. As well as his comeback, the act of delving back into old cases is an accurate depiction of real-life circumstances in law enforcement. This is because the enforcers will often revisit investigations as justice isn't always served right away and some cases remain unresolved. DON'T MISS...Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series [INSIGHT]Emmerdale theory: Meena Jutla's secret as not related to Manpreet [THEORY]Law and Order SVU: Viewers in a frenzy after Benson goes undercover [REACTION] The last time viewers saw Garland was in September 2021 when he decided to resign in an effort to avoid being fired after a highly controversial case. Despite his exit, the officer made a huge impact on the team after his first appearance in season 21. In the episode titled ‘Down Low in Hell’s Kitchen,’ it was discovered a serial predator had been targeting gay men. In order to crack down on the criminal, Garland went undercover to catch the predatorial rapists who had been targeting only gay black men.  After they were able to catch the culprit, the detectives were impressed with Garland agreeing to go undercover despite his title as Deputy Chief. However, following his resignation, Garland was soon replaced by William Dodds (Peter Gallagher). Thankfully, Law and Order SVU has shown no signs of slowing down its reign as a long-running series after season 24 was confirmed. As this was ordered by the network in 2020, viewers could soon see the episodes ramp up and tensions rise as it gets closer to its season finale. Law and Order SVU is available on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 