Defiant Manchester United captain Harry Maguire reportedly insists he will not be forced out of the club after receiving a bomb threat from a 'cowardly fan.' The England international was forced to alert the police after receiving a concerning email, that left him and his family fearing for their own safety at their Cheshire home. The 29-year-old lives with his fiancee Fern Hawkins in Wilmslow along with his two young daughters. Cheshire police arrived at his home with sniffer dogs on Thursday afternoon for safety checks but thankfully, no explosives were found. A source has since told The Sun that Maguire believes this is the work of a 'cowardly fan' in light of United's 4-0 defeat at Liverpool on Tuesday. The defender has ruled that he will not be phased by the ordeal and furthermore, Maguire will not let it define his future at the club. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims "Harry will not be forced out of Manchester United by this kind of threat," the source said. "His number one priority will always be the safety of his family but he's also got the strength of character to deal with this. It looks like the work of some cowardly fan. "If that proves to be the case, they are an utter disgrace to the name of this proud football club." A Manchester United spokesperson confirmed the incident on Thursday afternoon: "In the last 24 hours, Harry has received a serious threat to his family home. DON'T MISSWest Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injuryAjax chief lets slip on Erik ten Hag's Man Utd verbal agreement - 'We tried everything'Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims "The safety of his family and those around him is obviously Harry's number one priority. He will continue to prepare for this weekend's fixture as normal." Maguire has come under fire from supporters on a number of occasions this season, due to his shaky performances. The Red Devils skipper has been one of many reasons why United are likely to finish outside of the top four. United's leaky defence has seen them concede 48 goals in 33 matches, that's 20 more than 8th-placed Wolves. The £80million man was also booed during his time away with England in March. There has also been talk that he could be stripped of the United armband next season following the arrival of Erik ten Hag. Maguire was ruthlessly exposed for Liverpool's opener that was scored by Luis Diaz on Tuesday night. United will have to win at Arsenal on Saturday afternoon if they are to somehow keep their top-four hopes alive. The source continued on Maguire: "It's really shaken them but they're all fine. Nothing is more important than the safety of his family and Harry will do anything to ensure that. "The police carried out searches of the house which has hopefully made them feel a bit safer."