Eddie Hearn believes Dillian Whyte showed too much respect to world champion Tyson Fury ahead of their WBC title clash at Wembley Stadium on Saturday night. Hearn, who is both Whyte and Anthony Joshua’s promoter, suggested the Brixton Body Snatcher will ‘kick himself’ for not being more aggressive on the night he finally earned himself a world title shot. Fury dominated the scrappy bout and then struck a powerful right uppercut to the chin of Whyte to secure the sixth-round stoppage in front of a sold-out Wembley Stadium on Saturday night. The challenger admirably attempted to continue after originally getting to his feet, but the referee intervened after the 34-year-old stumbled and fell into the ropes. After securing the win, Fury remains unbeaten in 33 fights and suggested he will likely retire as he declared he has ‘fulfilled everything’ he ever wanted to fulfil. The 33-year-old added it was his ‘final curtain’ as he promised wife Paris he would retire form boxing. Hearn - who was not involved in the bout after Frank Warren won the purse bid - believes the WBC title holder will return to the ring, labelling the Gypsy King a ‘fluff merchant’. While he dismissed Fury’s post-fight actions, Hearn has also focused on Whyte - and believes he paid too much respect to the champion heading into the anticipated bout. READ MORE: Tyson Fury called out as Joe Joyce sets sights on fighting Gypsy King “I thought it was a bit disappointing. Obviously I was disappointed on Dillian's behalf,” Hearn told iFL TV. “I think he'll kick himself a little bit that he didn't do more in the fight. But it's very easy sometimes against a very good heavyweight like [Oleksandr] Usyk and like Fury to say, ‘you should have done this and you should have been more aggressive, you should have cut the ring off and you should have done this’. “Fury's very, very good. He's very awkward and he boxed a very smart fight; he didn't want to engage, he held a lot, he was very clever, he made it scrappy and boring and everything he needed to do, and then he produced a fantastic uppercut and a show-reel knockout. DON'T MISSRicky Hatton weighs in on Fury retirement raising Joshua questionsDillian Whyte wants Tyson Fury rematch after ‘banging head from push'Tyson Fury vs Francis Ngannou 'easy to make happen', promoter hints “So I have to give him a lot of credit and respect, as I did when he FaceTimed me on Sunday several times. Gutted for Dillian, he'll come again. I think he was a little bit too respectful in the build-up, especially fight week. Well only fight week, because that was the build-up! “I think he let Tyson just friend him a little bit before the fight and I think he'll kick himself that he wasn't more aggressive in the fight. But he lost to an excellent heavyweight and congratulations to Tyson Fury.” Prior to the contest, Hearn suggested Fury was not a one-punch knockout artist - which the Gypsy King clearly overcame in front of 94,000 fans last weekend. Hearn admitted Fury was gaining his respect after defeating the likes of Wladimir Klitschko, Deontay Wilder, and Whyte in recent years.