Manchester United could miss out on a £12million sale as Flamengo are reportedly set to pull the plug on a deal to sign Andreas Pereira at the end of the season. It was thought the Brazilian club would exercise an option-to-buy agreement following the midfielder's season-long loan this campaign, however a deal now appears unlikely. The 26-year-old has made 34 appearances for Flamengo since joining on a temporary basis last August and United were understood to be hopeful of landing some valuable funds by offloading the Belgian-born Brazilian international this summer. However, those plans are now set to be shelved. According to ESPN, Flamengo are preparing to abandon a deal to sign Pereira, serving United with a significant setback. The Red Devils reportedly remain hopeful of striking a deal to offload the midfielder, however they may be required to lower their asking price. Pereira's year-long loan deal included an option to buy fee of £12m, subject to appearances. With United deeming the Brazilian surplus to requirements, and the player himself keen on remaining with the Rio de Janeiro-based outfit, a deal appears far from dead in the water however. JUST IN: Man Utd have held 'talks' over signing Nkunku but reservations remain  The midfielder joined United as a highly-rated 15-year-old back in 2011, swapping PSV Eindhoven's youth ranks for Old Trafford. However, despite showing glimpses of his potential and being capped by the Selecao, the Brazilian has ultimately failed to make his mark in Manchester. Pereira has only made 75 appearances for the Red Devils as first-team opportunities have been few and far between. United have opted to send him out on several loan stints over the years, to Granada, Valencia, Lazio and now Flamengo. It remains to be seen whether United can reach an agreement with Flamengo over Pereira, whose Old Trafford deal expires in 2023. It may well be the case that the Brazilian side are playing down their interest in order land the midfielder for a cut-price fee, especially given the recent remarks of the club's president Rodolfo Landim. DON'T MISS...Paulo Dybala could still 'betray' Juventus as talks continue in blowLiverpool's Jurgen Klopp launches angry rant at BT and Premier League Eriksen view on Tottenham return outlined as bidding war poised  Last month, he told Globo Esporte: “Andreas is a Flamengo player until the middle of the year. We have a contract with him and we like the player. "We’ve already had several conversations with Manchester United. I can only say that Flamengo really likes the player and eventually we will be able to count on him. It’s what we want.”  