An internal belief that Harry Maguire should not lead Manchester United’s back line is growing at Old Trafford, according to reports. The England defender has come under scrutiny for some poor performances during a woeful campaign for the Red Devils.   Maguire’s defensive displays have received high-profile criticism this term. The £80million fee paid to Leicester for his services in 2019 has also been questioned. The 29-year-old has been part of a United defence that has conceded 48 top-flight goals this season, the most of any club in the top half. Ralf Rangnick’s side are sixth and are on the brink of failing to qualify for the Champions League. Maguire has been the club captain since January 2020 and is the main voice in the back line, despite Raphael Varane’s arrival from Real Madrid last summer. Reports earlier this season claimed that Cristiano Ronaldo wanted to take the armband from Maguire. JUST IN: Manchester United confirm Erik ten Hag will become manager this summer  Fresh reports have fuelled the internal power battle, with Sky Sports claiming that there is a ‘growing’ feeling that Maguire should not be leading the back line. Rangnick switched to a back five for this week’s clash with Liverpool and the quintet were all poor. Liverpool stormed into a 2-0 half-time lead but it could have been far more. The Reds ripped open United’s back line with ease on several occasions. Rangnick suggested afterwards that his side - who will be coached by Erik ten Hag next season - have a long way to go before they can reach Liverpool’s level. Several club icons, including Gary Neville and Roy Keane, believe an overhaul of the squad is required. DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton and Serena Williams 'pledge £20m' to Chelsea bidArsenal given Eddie Nketiah lifeline as Mikel Arteta admits to chatArsenal's transfer blow as Newcastle told to sign Xhaka replacement However, Maguire has offered a staunch defence of his performances this season. He pointed to the fact that two managers - Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer - have continually picked him despite exterior criticism. The former Leicester man told Sky: “This season I’ve had some bad games. But I wouldn’t be playing for Manchester United, in the starting 11 every week, if I had a bad game every time or if I’ve not been playing well enough. “There’s a reason why both managers have put me in the starting 11 for every game. It’s what I bring to the team and what I bring to the starting 11. “I do also understand that I am the captain of this club, I cost a lot of money. When things aren’t going well and we’re conceding too many goals, I’m going to get criticised.”  