This includes a property worth over £1million, a home with renovation potential and the average cost of a home in the area. Liverpool It is made up of the city centre, various districts, and a handful of suburbs, each with its unique history, culture, activities to enjoy, and things to see. As a thriving international hub for tourism and an industrial centre that has been around since the mid-18th century when it was first established, it is safe to say that Liverpool has a lot on its plate. With its unique combination of skyscrapers, seafront, parkland, vibrant nightlife, and beautiful historical architecture, there’s an awful lot to love about Liverpool. The former seaport is famous for many things: its friendly people, world-class football teams, distinctive local accent, famous musicians, and much more. Liverpool shares all the attributes of any major European city, with its vibrant cosmopolitan culture and exceptional local amenities, while also retaining the benefits of its relatively smaller size. The centre is easily navigated on foot and the streets are full of life without ever feeling quite as congested as they do in bigger UK cities. Analysis from Adzuna ranked Liverpool in the top 10 of UK cities that have the best earnings, job opportunities per person, house prices and rental figures. There are also plenty of housing options for people to choose from when moving to this city, including high-rise apartments and flats, terraced homes with backyards for barbecues in the summertime, and even detached and semi-detached houses complete with spacious bedrooms. READ MORE: Heating myths: How to properly heat your home of less What can you buy in Liverpool? The average house price within a 20 mile radius of Liverpool over the last 12 months stands at £244,000 according to OnTheMarket. Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, has found different homes for sale in the region. This includes a home worth over £1million, a property which has huge renovation potential and a property worth the average asking price in Liverpool. Property: Four bedroom farm house Location: Home Farm Hall Lane Bold, St Helens Price: £1,750,000 Marketed by: Ashtons, St Helens, via OnTheMarket DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to clean the bottom of burnt pans - ‘amazing’ hack [COMMENT]Laundry: How to ‘correctly’ load washing machines for ‘better results’ [EXPERT]Gardening tips: ‘Quicker ways’ to ‘effectively’ rid gardens of weeds [TIPS] This stunning Georgian property has been modernised into a family home that has four bedrooms and three bathrooms. It is situated down a private road, within a Cul-De-Sac so privacy is pretty much guaranteed. Inside, the home offers an extensive open-plan family kitchen, dining, sitting room with a stunning skylight canopy window and log burner. The house benefits greatly from panoramic views over the 14 acres of arable land/woodland in which the property is set. Prospective buyers could also make use of the formal dining room, lounge, boot room and fully fitted study. The home has a stunning grand entrance hall, staircase and downstairs toilet. The first floor is made up of four double bedrooms, four bathrooms including three en-suite bathrooms (two of which have underfloor heating), and a large family bathroom suite with a stand-alone jet bath. The rear and side gardens of the property have been totally landscaped and comprises of a large patio area, turfed lawn, a Japanese-styled garden, and then a separate formal garden area to the side with a koi carp water feature and state of the art filter that's been recently fitted. There is also a summer house located in the corner of the garden which presents the perfect place to unwind surrounded by rural views. It is also equipped with electricity and heating so this could be used as a separate office. Property: Four bedroom semi-detached house Location: Tarbock Road, Huyton, Liverpool, Merseyside Price: £300,000 Marketed by: Whitegates, Huyton, via OnTheMarket This renovation project is an ideal investment for those looking to make it their dream home. The hallway leads you through to the two reception rooms and then through to the kitchen and overlooking the rear garden and patio. The property has four bedrooms and one bathroom. There are gardens to the front and rear and a driveway leading to the garage and offering off road parking. The area is very sought after and gives access to many schools, shops, train stations and motorway links. Property: Three bedroom semi-detached house Location: Linden Drive, Liverpool, Merseyside Price: £245,000 Marketed by: Whitegates, Huyton, via OnTheMarket This semi-detached property houses three spacious bedrooms and one family bathroom. The hallway leads through to the two reception rooms and conservatory then through to the kitchen and overlooking the rear garden and patio. The conservatory overlooks the large garden, with plenty of natural lighting. There are gardens to the front and rear and a driveway leading to off road parking. With the area giving access to many schools, shops and motorway links, this property is situated in a desirable Liverpool location. Huyton trains station is only an 11 minute walk away from the property.