The BHF says: “When someone catches coronavirus, their immune system will generate a response that helps them to fight off the virus if they are exposed to it again. “But it's not clear how long this immune response lasts, and it's likely to vary between people.” The NHS says if you get coronavirus symptoms again, “you probably have some immunity to the virus but it's not clear how long it lasts”. It states that in England while you’re no longer legally required to self-isolate if you have COVID-19, “you should try to stay at home and away from others to avoid passing on the virus”. READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: Numbness of the tongue could signal a 'medical problem'  It adds: “You should avoid being in close contact with people at higher risk from COVID-19. “This is particularly important if their immune system means they’re at higher risk of serious illness from COVID-19, even if they’ve had a COVID-19 vaccine.” The BHF says: “If you are unvaccinated, that also increases your risk of catching Covid again. “According to data from the ONS, people who were unvaccinated were more than twice as likely to catch Covid a second time, compared to people who were fully vaccinated 14 to 89 days ago.”  The NHS says there are lots of symptoms you can have after a COVID-19 infection. The health body lists the following signs in adults: It also notes: “The symptoms are very similar to symptoms of other illnesses, such as colds and flu.”  The NHS notes free testing for COVID-19 from the NHS has ended for most people in England. It states: “If you have symptoms of COVID-19, you are no longer required to do a rapid lateral flow or PCR test. “If you still want to get tested and you're not eligible for a free NHS test, you must pay for a COVID-19 test yourself. “You can buy a COVID-19 test from some pharmacies and retailers, in person or online.”  There are, however, a small number of people who will still be able to get free COVID-19 tests from the NHS. It explains: “If you have a health condition which means you're eligible for new COVID-19 treatments, you should be sent a COVID-19 test to use if you have symptoms.” Other possible qualifiers include if you're going into hospital for surgery or a procedure, or if you work in the NHS or in social care. “If you work in care homes, domiciliary care, extra care and supported living services, and adult day care centres, you can also get free NHS tests,” adds the health body. 