Boxing legend Mike Tyson left a fellow plane passenger bruised and bloodied after unleashing a flurry of punches on his fellow flyer. The former heavyweight champion of the world was captured on video beating up the man after growing aggravated with his behaviour. Footage obtained by TMZ shows two videos, one in which Tyson is turned over his own seat repeatedly pounding the man in question. Another shows the recipient pestering the 55-year-old, rapping to him and asking questions without response. The fracas left the passenger with bruises and cuts to his forehead and temple, as well as a much more sullen look than the one when he was antagonising 'The Baddest Man on the Planet'. It's understood he received medical attention before talking to the police. A witness told TMZ Tyson had posed for selfies with his would-be victim and others on the plane shortly prior to losing his cool. It's understood the former champ swiftly exited the JetBlue flight—which was supposed to travel from San Francisco International Airport to Florida—moments later. READ MORE Boxing fans furious as 'sound issues' plague Tyson Fury vs Dillian Whyte press conference  According to the witness, the overzealous fan wasn't satisfied with just a selfie alongside the famed pugilist and continued to buzz in the ex-boxer's ear. Tyson allegedly told the man to 'chill' but was pushed to the point of punching him when he didn't heed the warning. It's not the first time a member of the public has found themselves on the receiving end of a Tyson combination. In fact, 'Iron Mike' admitted last year that he was accustomed to throwing blow if fans asked for his autograph during the peak of his career. DON'T MISS Amir Khan has watch stolen 'at gun point' in scary London incident with wife Faryal Oleksandr Usyk to 'study' Tyson Fury's fight vs Dillian Whyte in big hint at future bout Tyson Fury breaks silence on Daniel Kinahan after £3.8m bounty put on former advisor    "My life was just miserable, I was out of control," he told Yahoo Finance in October 2021. "I was fighting with everybody. If someone asked me for an autograph, I'd punch them in the face." The former undisputed world heavyweight champion has since become "very relaxed" and credits his experimentation with cannabis and other drugs for the transformation. Tyson has cultivated a weed empire that reportedly earns him £500,000 per week, selling a wide variety of strains and THC-infused edibles in America's growing cannabis industry. Representatives of Mike Tyson and JetBlue airline have been contacted for comment by Express Sport.