The Commonwealth Games is an international multi-sport event involving athletes from the Commonwealth of Nations. The baton is passed around the Commonwealth, where it is then run in by volunteers on the day of the games. Sienna Miller joined The One Show hosts Jermaine Jenas and Alex Jones to discuss her upcoming Netflix series, Anatomy of a Scandal, but ended up wiping away tears after the inspirational stories of the people who volunteered which aired in an earlier segment. Jermaine introduced the segment and said: "Now you may remember that last October, the Queen's baton started its 85 thousand-mile journey around the Commonwealth ahead of the games in Birmingham this summer. "Calling in at The One Show, of course, so far the baton has travelled to 50 destinations, and soon it will be making its way back home." Alex continued: "Early this year, we were asked to nominate someone inspiring to help carry it, and Radio 2's Richie Anderson has been to surprise some of the successful candidates with the exciting news that they have been selected." In a pre-recorded video, Richie explained: "There are just over three months to go until the Commonwealth Games. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces "Here in England, we are getting ready to welcome the baton back from the Commonwealth and take it on its final journey to the opening ceremony. "Around 2,000 baton bearers have been lined up to carry it around the country, and I am hugely excited to be one of them, it is such a massive honour." Richie then revealed he had been given the privileged of telling some of the baton runners they had been successful with their candidacy. Most of the successors will be told by email, but Richie was able to tell three of them himself, to which he first visited Tony from Warickshire. He was nominated for his work with the 353 Trust, which supported the armed forces after his son Conrad died in combat. As Richie revealed he had been successful, Tony was over the moon and beamed with excitement. The next candidate was Steve from London after he launched Proud and Gifted in 2018, an organisation which awards and celebrates the achievements of young people. When told he would be a baton runner, he yelled to his daughter that he was successful, and she told him she was proud. DON'T MISS...Sienna Miller on life regrets as she admits she 'attracts chaos' [INSIGHT]Anatomy of a Scandal cast: Who is in the cast? [LATEST]Sienna Miller claims there's 'no way' a 'man could've directed' series [WATCH] The last candidate was Surinder, who, in 2018, donated her kidney to save the life of a two-year-old after seeing a social media post. She explained that the decision to donate the kidney came from her being a mum herself and would want that kind of help for her children. When Richie told her she would be one of the 2,000 baton runners, she covered her face with her hands and became emotional. Back in the studio, Alex exclaimed: "Well, lots of tears here, wasn't there, Sienna?" She laughed and admitted: "A few, that is pretty amazing!" Sienna then struggled to keep her composure as she started to cry and wipe away tears, adding: "Very inspiring, I need to keep it together now, it's kind of amazing." Alex expressed: "That is pretty unbelievable that someone would do that, is it not." The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.