On the second day of giving evidence at the £100million defamation trial, the Hollywood actor said Heard had a "need for conflict" and claimed he was often forced to lock himself in a bathroom to avoid being attacked.  Asked why he didn't leave her, he said one of the reasons was because Heard had threatened to take her own life if he did. And referring to the abuse his father received from his late mother, he said: "The only thing I learned to do with it is exactly what I did as a child - retreat. Just take a step back." The Pirates Of The Caribbean star, 58, is suing Heard, 35, for libel over an opinion article she wrote for the Washington Post in 2018. Heard described herself as "a public figure representing domestic abuse" in the piece two years after they split, although she did not name Depp. Yesterday, the actor told how their arguments would escalate and that his former wife would "search for weaknesses" in him in order to berate him, often calling him a poor father to his two grown-up children. He told the jury: "If she didn't allow me to walk away, there were times I would lock myself in the bathroom or somewhere where she couldn't get in. That happened often over the years." "If it continued to escalate, if I continued to try to present my side of the story, I was approached with such anger…it seemed like pure hatred." Heard, he said, would "lash out". "It could be a slap, throwing a TV remote at me, throwing a glass of wine in my face." He said when his father finally got the courage to leave their marriage, his mother tried to take her own life. He went on: "Ms Heard had spoken of suicide on a couple of occasions…. But I had to get out." "There were even a couple of times when I did escape, when I got to my house. And then five minutes later she would arrive… in her nightgown, screaming in the parking lot in front of my house. It'd be four in the morning. …It was ludicrous. It was out of control." Depp later admitted he was high on the couple's wedding day in 2015, saying ecstasy was being taken at the event by the bride's "gang", but his "drug of choice" was cannabis. As Depp gave his testimony, Heard sat impassively in the court, showing no signs of emotion. She is expected to testify in the six week trial in Fairfax,Virginia. More than 100 witnesses are expected to give evidence. On Depp's side, they include British actor Paul Bettany. Heard will call ex-boyfriend Elon Musk and actor James Franco. Depp is seeking £38million, saying her abuse claims have harmed his career. Heard has filed a counterclaim for £77million, accusing Depp of orchestrating a "smear campaign" against her and describing his lawsuit as a continuation of "abuse and harassment". The trial continues.