Liverpool head into the second leg of their Champions League semi-final clash against Villarreal with a huge advantage after beating the Spanish side 2-0 on Wednesday night. The Reds took the lead in the 53rd minute when captain Jordan Henderson saw his cross deflect off of Pervis Estupian and loop over the goalkeeper and into the back of the net. Sadio Mane then doubled his side's lead just two minutes later after he poked past Geronimo Rulli after a neat pass from Mohamed Sadio. There was plenty to unpack from the first electric European night in Merseyside, both tactically and mentally. Express Sport takes a look at five key talking points from the match. Consequences of strength in depth Virgil van Dijk is one of the first names on the teamsheet for Klopp, unsurprisingly. However, who partners the Dutchman has varied throughout the season – with Joel Matip playing a key role in Premier League fixtures but Ibrahima Konate stepping up on the European stage. However, only one could start against Villarreal – with Klopp standing by Konate. But Rio Ferdinand hinted that the German boss could soon pay the price for having such top-quality depth as players will not want to be rotated for crucial games, like Champions League semi-finals. Ferdinand told BT Sport: “If I am Joel Matip, I am fuming. He has been exceptional all season and we talk about being the best defenders on form in the league, he would be in there for a shout after (Virgil) Van Dijk.” READ MORE: Man Utd hoping for 'Bruno Fernandes style deal' to clinch £50m Darwin Nunez Villarreal's defensive gameplan From the get-go, Villarreal evidenced why they were in the semi-final of the competition. The La Liga outfit were more than willing to sit back, defend then attempt to hit Liverpool on the counterattack. Emery’s side were in no hurry to waste possession, nor were they willing to keep the ball in play when they didn’t need to. Goalkeeper Rulli was wasting time from the very first minute, whilst his teammate were more than happy to slow things down with ‘soft’ injuries. The plan was certainly effective in the first half. However, Liverpool’s persistence paid off soon after the half-time break and they will need to be more attacking in the second leg if they are to turn the tie around. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag ‘pushes Man Utd’ into exploring free agent transfer this summer [REPORT]Mohamed Salah leaving Liverpool could deliver huge blow to Erik ten Hag's Man Utd plans [TRANSFERS]Barcelona identify third summer transfer as vultures descend on Erik ten Hag's Ajax side [GOSSIP] Stopping right-sided threat Trent Alexander-Arnold and Mohamed Salah have formed the most dangerous right side in the whole of world football, arguably. And Villarreal boss Unai Emery was completely aware of that and adamant that he wouldn’t let the pair run riot on Wednesday night. Rather than deploying an attacking threat on the left-wing, the former Arsenal boss played defensive-minded central midfielder Francis Coquelin. Naturally, the 30-year-old was more focused on minimising the threat of Salah and Alexander-Arnold than roaming forward and being a threat in the final third. Coquelin and left-back Estupian did well up against the Reds duo, though the pair will be disappointed that they allowed an overload to occur for Henderson’s opener. Coquelin was substituted in the 57th minute as Emery looked for a more attacking output on the left. Impressive Foyth Although his side conceded two, Juan Foyth impressed for Villarreal. The Argentine had a tough task on his hands being deployed as a right-back up against Luis Diaz, though he coped with the winger better than many expected. There have been reports that Antonio Conte is keen to sign a defender in the summer than can slot into his defence, and despite not being left-sided, Foyth could have been that man at Tottenham if he was not been sold in 2020. But Spurs’ loss has been Villarreal’s gain. Diaz has run riot since making his January transfer from Porto to Anfield and he certainly influenced the tie, but the 25-year-old may have been hoping to have more of an impact on the night. Tensions rising at Anfield With their hopes of winning a historic quadruple still alive, it is crucial that Jurgen Klopp can keep all of his key players fully fit with some crunch fixtures on the horizon. Therefore, the former Borussia Dortmund boss has been keen to substitute his most important stars when games are out of sight and his side are winning. However, frustrations with the tactic appear to be growing. Both Sadio Mane and Alexander-Arnold were visibly angry when they were replaced. Mane has often shown his frustration at being substituted previously, with Klopp pulling the Senegalese forward in for a hug as soon as he came off of the pitch to prevent him from continuing his disgruntled strop off of the pitch. Though once the adrenaline rush of the match has passed, both aforementioned stars will certainly realise that they need to be ready for an important Premier League match against Newcastle this weekend. 