Princess Anne, 71, married her first husband Mark Phillips, father to Zara Tindall and Peter Phillips, at Westminster Abbey in 1973. The Princess Royal married again in 1992, after falling in love with current husband Timothy Laurence. Jewellery experts at Steven Stone spoke to Express.co.uk about both Anne’s incredible engagement rings she received.  Princess Anne received sapphire rings from both Mark Phillips and Timothy Laurence. Both rings did not have a traditional diamond as the main stone. Leading engagement ring specialist, Max Stone, outlined everything about these incredible gemstones to Express.co.uk. He said: "It's interesting that Princess Anne received sapphire engagement rings rather than traditional diamond rings. READ MORE: Princess Anne's £750k home has 'decor of a 100-year-old' - see inside “Blue sapphires are often linked to people who are respectful, loyal, hardworking, and honest, which only makes these rings even more special. “This perhaps could have meant something to Princess Anne,” claimed the expert. He continued: "Both her rings are beautiful, however neither of the centre stones are overstated. “Instead, Princess Anne opted for more subtle engagement rings with unique detailing and meaningful symbolism." Max added: "Princess Diana also famously had a blue sapphire ring, which is now in the hands of Kate Middleton. “Meanwhile the Queen is frequently seen sporting the gemstone on her famous brooches.” The expert said: "It's clear the Royal Family are huge fans of sapphires, a stone which is traditionally believed to attract abundance and blessings.  “Historically it has been used to protect against negative energies, as well as calm the mind, strengthen intuition, and invite spiritual clarity. “Therefore, it's no wonder the royal ladies love them." Anne’s engagement ring from Mark Phillips had a centre stone that was a blue cabochon sapphire. It was flanked with just one diamond on either side, rather than a cluster. The ring was traditionally set on a yellow gold band, using welsh gold, like most royal rings.  It was slightly lower in value than her updated ring, with a value of around £10,000. On the other hand, Anne’s most recent ring from Timothy Laurence features an oval cabochon cut blue sapphire, which is around two to three carats. The cabochon gem is set in yellow gold, framed by a cluster of three small diamonds. Although it looks very similar to her previous ring, it is very unique. This three side-stone cluster design had not been seen on any other royal engagement ring and broke tradition at the time. Steven Stone experts estimate it to have a value of around £25,000. 