Emmerdale actor Mark Charnock is best known for playing the beloved Marlon Dingle in the ITV soap. He has reflected on his character’s worrying stroke storyline and the effect it is set to have on his life, teasing Marlon will now have “a mountain to climb”. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media outlets, Mark said the new plot is set to change Marlon’s life “forever”. He explained: “I think it will change the course of the character forever." Despite these upcoming changes in the script, Mark insisted he's not concerned by them, while Emmerdale fans may be worrying about Marlon's future. He clarified: “I’m not worried about that so much, as it's just another part of his story. “Soaps are unlike any other form of drama in that you turn the page on a script and it's another day in the life of your character. “These things happen to people and it happens to have happened to him, like anything else could've happened to me.” However, Mark has found the silver lining in Marlon suffering a strike, highlighting that it is set to give his character “more facets”. The actor continued: “The way I'm looking at it is that it adds something to him, rather than taking something away. “It will change him, but not necessarily in a bad way, I think it gives him more facets and more stuff to play with as a character.” Mark went into detail about the process Marlon undergoes after being rushed to hospital due to his stroke. He also explained how the treatment will help Marlon’s recovery process, despite there being “a very long journey” ahead of him. Mark said: “He has a thrombectomy and they drag the clot out, and it's only the beginning of the story really. DON'T MISS...Gemma Atkinson apologises for her 'radio silence' on Instagram [INSTAGRAM]Demi Moore stuns in 90s pics that inspired Chris Rock's GI Jane jibe [PICTURES]Bruce Willis' snarky 'worst performance' award rescinded by Razzies [INSIGHT] “It helps with his facial drooping in the first instance, but he's still got a very long journey about learning how to speak and all that stuff again. “It's all down his right side and so his arm, his leg and his mouth are all quite badly affected, so he has trouble. “He goes through phases. He's got a phase where it affects his speech and being able to express himself properly." The TV star continued: “In the first few episodes, there's words he just can't get to, so he often makes mistakes with words. “He can see what he wants to say, but he can't express it so he either goes to the wrong word, or can't say it, so he's got all that to contend with.” Explaining the life-changing effects Marlon will have to deal with after the stroke, Mark admitted that his character now has “a mountain to climb”. He went on: “Communicating with people, he's in a wheelchair because his right side is not operational so it’s a mountain to climb, but for Marlon in particular because he is such a mouthy character. “He’s a visibly expressive person and it's reducing him down to his eyes really, which is how he expresses himself in the first few days or weeks.” Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.