Anyone lucky enough to meet the Queen is often wracked with nerves before a royal visit, and many are anxious not to mess up during their introductions. As many traditional etiquette rules for meeting the Queen exist, it is no wonder many rehearse exactly how to address and greet the Queen when doing so for the first time. Here are some of the etiquette rules to bear in mind if you ever greet a member of the Royal Family. As the Royal Family website explains, there aren't any "obligatory codes of behaviour" people need to stick to when meeting the Queen. But there are traditional ways that people choose to address the Queen, and at the first point of contact, the correct address is 'Your Majesty'. After this, it is acceptable to call the Queen 'Ma'am', which is pronounced "with a short 'a,' as in 'jam'". For other titled members of the Royal Family, the first address is 'Your Royal Highness' followed my 'Ma'am' or 'Sir'. READ MORE: ‘Best not to do interviews’ Lorraine warns Prince Harry  When meeting the Queen or another member of the Royal Family, men will usually give a neck bow out of respect. Women will also usually do a small and respectful curtsy, although some have been known to do a low curtsy if they prefer. Even members of the Royal Family curtsy to each other, and all female royals usually curtsy to the Queen when in her presence.  And Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex likely curtsy to Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, as Charles is the heir apparent to the throne. Princesses born into the Royal Family are considered to be of higher rank than those who marry in unless their spouses are present. So technically Kate, Duchess of Cambridge should curtsy to Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie if Prince William is not with her. But if Kate is with William, Beatrice and Eugenie curtsy to Kate and William, as William's royal rank is higher than theirs.  DON'T MISS:Queen spotted looking healthy on sunny drive as tributes flood in [PICTURES]Kate and William spark frenzy as they visit DEC headquarters in London [INSIGHT]How old was Elizabeth when she became Queen? [EXPLAINER] Over the years, rumours have abounded of etiquette rules that the Queen and Royal Family adhere to. One rule which often makes an appearance at royal engagements is that people do not overtake the Queen. She usually arrives first at an engagement and then other royals will follow her in a procession based on rank.  Another rumoured etiquette rule is that no one goes to bed before the Queen, meaning at family occasions the royals may stay up until the Queen decides to retire for the night. Royal women are also often pictured with their legs perched to one side, which has been dubbed by commentators as the 'Duchess slant'. Some reports have also suggested royals will eat food from the back of their forks, which involves a careful balancing act. And when it comes to royal weddings, it is thought many royals seek approval from the Queen before becoming engaged to their significant other as a sign of respect to the monarch. 