Maureen, 75, is well known for her role as Evelyn Plummer on Coronation Street but in a new ITV series, fans will get to see her in a new light. Appearing on Lorraine, Maureen explained she “knew it would be dark” for her while she expected Rula would be looking at old family palaces. “Well because I knew it would be dark,” Maureen explained. “I knew she’d be looking at palaces and saying, ‘That’s my aunty’s palace,’ and ‘That’s my uncle’s.’ “I’d be scrubbing about in the shtetl somewhere with a kerchief on. “I just thought, what’s revealed by these programmes is how little families do talk about their past, especially immigrant families.” READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry The Coronation Street star added: “I knew absolutely nothing.” In the second episode of DNA journey, the pair learn Maureen’s family are trade from Hull while Rulas’s are Polish aristocracy. However, they have more in common they expect as some gobsmacking revelations waiting for them in Poland and Maureen is blown away by her unknown connection to Rula’s homeland. The pair go on to learn their friendship isn’t so surprising after all as when they look back into the past, it’s almost as if they were destined to be friends in the future. Rule previously joked she’d told Maureen they wouldn’t be friends for much longer if she didn’t do DNA journey with her. Speaking to Claudia Winkleman on Radio 2 on Saturday, Maureen began: “We had a wonderful week, we absolutely thought it was one of the best jobs we have ever done. "I didn't want to go because I knew she was a Countess, and I knew that they would gravel me about and that she would be in some castle with spires. “So I was really against it, but actually it revealed a lot to me that I didn't know, nobody ever talked about it in my family. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Maureen Lipman opens up on living with Rula Lenska [INSIGHT]Coronation Street star Maureen Lipman takes aim at The Repair Shop [INTERVIEW]Maureen Lipman opens up on grief after losing her partner [EXPLAINER] "This is the generation where you forget the past, look at the survivors they didn't speak for 50 years." However Rula stated: “Maureen didn't want to go at all, she is not a great traveller. “I kept saying to her 'Listen, this will be the end of a beautiful friendship if you don't come.' "So in the end, she was persuaded, and as you said, it was the best telly job I have ever done, and it was such joy!" Maureen and Rula’s episode comes after The Chase stars Shaun Wallace and Anne Hegerty looked into their family history last week. Anne was revealed to come from a long line of impressive ancestors with a link to royalty while Shaun traces his family history to the 1700s an ancestor with a small fortune in Cuba. DNA Journey airs Tuesday on ITV at 9pm.