Sungjae Im has set the early pace in the Masters as the South Korean holds a narrow lead over Cameron Smith at Augusta. Im birdied his opening three holes and added another at the par-four seventh, before finding form and bouncing back with nine successive bogeys. Finishing the first day on five-under placed him on 67, one ahead of Australian counterpart Smith. Other notable names included the return of Tiger Woods, who marked his comeback with an impressive 30-foot birdie at the 16th on his way to a one-under 71. Rory McIlroy stumbled to a one-over 73 after bogeying two of his final five holes, while former world number one Jon Rahm finished the opening day on two-over. John Rahm, famed for his iconic swing, was one of the pre-tournament favourites, but chances of victory have largely diminished with a disappointing first round. Rahm plays with a unique style and a notoriously short backswing, something that analysts had previously suggested might have been caused by tight hips. READ MORE: Tiger Woods expletive rant caught on camera after Masters error But he opened up for the first time on his unique move in July last year, explaining that it stems from the very first minutes of his life. Speaking to Golf Digest, he said: “I was born with a club foot on my right leg, which means for anybody that’s sensitive about that, my right leg up to the ankle was straight, my foot was 90 degrees turned inside and basically upside down. “So when I was born, they basically relocated, pretty much broke every bone in the ankle and I was casted within 20 minutes of being born from the knee down.” He continued: “I think every week I had to go back to the hospital to get re-casted. So from knee down, my leg didn’t grow at the same rate. “So I have very limited ankle mobility in my right leg. “It's a centimetre and a half shorter, as well. “What I mean by limitations is I didn't take a full swing because my right ankle doesn't have the mobility or stability to take it.” He explained that, from a very young age, he learned to be more efficient at creating power from a shorter swing. DON'T MISS:Dustin Johnson net worth: How much is Dustin Johnson worth? [INSIGHT]Rory McIlroy girlfriend: Who is Rory McIlroy's wife Erica Stoll? [REVEALED]Masters 2022 LIVE leaderboard: Tiger Woods tees off for comeback [LATEST] He added: “If I take a full to parallel, yeah, it might create more speed, but I have no stability. “My ankle just can't take it.” Club foot, according to the NHS, is where a baby is born with a foot, or feet, that turn in and under. It happens because the achilles tendon is too short, and affects roughly one in 1000 babies in the UK. Unlike other golfers, Rahm will not spend days or hours working on his swing in the build up to a Major. Instead, he prefers to put in the hard miles at home: “When you come to a tournament, it's time to perform. “If you're searching for a swing during a major championship week, it's usually a red flag.That’s just the way I choose to do things.” He added: “I haven't actively tried to change my swing in over 10 years. “I have the swing I have … I think that is one of the keys to why I'm consistent. “I don't change it. I play with what I have and try to improve from what I have.” Going into golf’s first men’s major of the year this week, Rahm was among the favourites, tipped to follow up his US Open victory by taking home the iconic Green Jacket. He has finished in the top 10 at each of the last four Masters, and said: “I couldn't care any less what the odds say. “I'm not looking at it, but I like to think I'm the favourite myself in my mind.” Coverage begins on Sky Sports at 2pm, with Rahm teeing off at 3:23pm.