Steve Jones has opened up on what it’s like to interview Formula 1 drivers, as the Welsh presenter hosts Channel 4’s coverage of the sport. Steve, 45, admitted it can be “intense” as the sportsmen have only ever known one thing in their lives - driving. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Steve explained it was very different interviewing Formula 1 drivers compared to other celebrities. “Formula 1 drivers are different because they've done one thing,” he said. “They were born to do it, they have sat in a car since they were four years old, it's all they want to do and talk about. “You get an intense experience when you meet them because there's nothing else to talk about. “Forget about asking them what they did for Mother's Day, they will say, 'I was driving.' “They're an unusual breed, I respect them greatly. I think they're gladiators, very brave, I am just in awe of them. They are very unusual people.” Steve also discussed which of the drivers were his favourites to interview, and who made him squirm. “It's not going to make me popular with F1 fans, but interviewing [retired Finnish driver] Kimi Räikkönen was an absolute nightmare,” he chuckled. “When you're talking to somebody and they are monosyllabic, that's a nightmare, it's not good, and it makes me look bad. “He looks like a super cool guy, and I'm the guy who can't get information out of my subjects. “It was a nightmare, it grated on me, the sunglasses and always being rude to people, not making eye contact. “You feel like it was an inconvenience for him to be there. You're a Formula 1 driver, people would give anything to have that!” Steve added. DON'T MISS... Zoe Ball apologises for 'damage' to A3 after 'shock' over car accident[LATEST]Jane Fonda, 84, showcases ageless beauty in princess-style gown[PICTURES]Matt Lucas hits back at Celebrity Bake Off favouritism row accusation[TV] “But he was like, 'I can't wait to go home, you're getting on my nerves.' That kind of vibe. So I don't particularly miss him at the track, I'll be honest!” However, there is one driver Steve says he would love to go for a pint with - “charming, warm and funny” Daniel Ricciardo. In his brand new Channel 4 property series, Perfect House, Secret Location, Steve road-tests his unconventional approach to house hunting in a bid to transform people’s lives. But the twist is – they have absolutely no idea where any of them are. Steve must help these house hunters find their perfect houses by encouraging them to focus on the ‘what’ without getting hung up on the ‘where’. And when the locations are finally revealed, will they do the deal and turn these dream properties into their perfect homes? Perfect House, Secret Location is available to watch now on All 4.