Andrey Rublev's comments on Wimbledon’s decision to ban Russian and Belurusian players have not been received well by a former professional. The Grand Slam has barred those players from those nations from competing at the All-England Club this year due to President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. The world number eight branded the decision as “discrimination”. Speaking at the Serbian Open, the Russian said: "The reasons they gave us had no sense, they were not logical. What is happening now is complete discrimination against us.” The comments have been slammed by former tennis star Alexandr Dolgopolov however, who has urged him to reconsider his stance and branded him a liar. Dolgopolov began a long Twitter explanation by penning: “In this thread, let’s discuss, why this Rublev statement is mostly lying and hypocrisy, exactly the how Russia acts in the world. “Will post my thought and why the ATP and WTA should not try to step aside and welcome these kind of behaviours.” In the Ukrainian’s lengthy and impassioned post appears, he claimed his comments have come from ‘an uneducated place.’ “This statement of Rublev is a perfect example, why LTA decision is the right decision,” the 33-year-old continued. JUST IN: Andy Murray to 'defend' Wimbledon decision to ban Russian and Belarusian players   “Exactly what his president [Vladimir Putin] and their propaganda does every day, LIE! 'I don't know anything, I'm not reading the news, I'm not following, I have no education.' LIE. “Rublev played doubles with a Ukrainian player 10 days before the start of the big war, has straight contact to any Ukrainian player on tournaments and yes, he surely knows what is happening, considering he wrote 'no war' on camera in the first days of this war.” Rublev suggested Russian and Belarusian be allowed to play at Wimbledon and donate their prize money to humanitarian efforts in the Russia-Ukraine conflict. This was shut down by the former world number 13 who added: “If you know nothing and don't follow [the news], why on earth are you willing to donate your prize money? And which families and kids [do] you want to help? You want to the first to donate out of sports? Guess again. DON'T MISS “Roger [Federer] donated $500,000. [New York] Jets $1million. [David] Beckham £1m. Premier League £1m. Real Madrid $1m. NASCAR $1m round of ammunitions and the list goes on and on. “So please, better just say nothing than try to LIE, like your government does, just to keep your regular life running.” In conclusion, he stated: “If [Russians and Belarusians] want to speak, speak the truth and precisely, not with lies. “Thank you to all the world for support, and big hug from Kyiv, Ukraine.” The likes of Novak Djokovic and Martina Navrtiova have condemned Wimbledon’s decision. “I cannot support the decision of Wimbledon, I think it is crazy. When politics interferes with sport, the result is not good,” the world number one added. While the 18-time grand slam champion shared: “I understand the banning of teams, of course, representing the countries, but on an individual level, I just think it's wrong." 