Scientists believe that fragments of the meteor, which was spotted streaking over the west of England last Wednesday night, may have landed somewhere south of Shrewsbury. Despite searching all Easter weekend, experts from the UK Fireball Alliance (UKFAll) have so far struggled to find any space rock fragments.  The alliance of academics and scientists have now called on the local community to help recover the meteorite. Dr Luke Daly of UKFAll and the University of Glasgow said: "We think about 500g of meteorite survived to the ground in approximately four fragments just south of Shrewsbury. "Given the amount of wheat and oilseed rape in the area, we have been literally looking for a needle in a haystack. "Now the UK Fireball Alliance are asking people in the area if they've found anything interesting in their back gardens or driveways over the bank holiday weekend to let them know."   Scientists are hoping that people in the area may have accidentally captured footage of the massive fireball on their car dashcams or doorbell cameras, which could help them better plot the trajectory of the meteorite. Ashley King from the Natural History Museum, and part of the UK Fireball Alliance, told The Times: "The more footage we have, the better we can model where it landed." For the people who think that they have found a fragment of the meteorite, scientists at the University of Manchester offered tips on what to do next. Professor Katie Joy of the Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences said: "The meteorite won't be hot and is as safe to handle as any other rock, but please don't pick it up with your bare hands as that would contaminate the stone. READ MORE: Wrexham man finds meteorite 'worth £100,000' "It's probably a glossy black or brown colour, maybe with the dark crust broken off in places. "The largest pieces won't be bigger than an Easter egg, and the smallest could be the size of a mini egg! "It may be in a place where rocks aren't usually found, like on a lawn or footpath. Professor Joy urged people to be careful and to go "where you shouldn't". DON'T MISSHuge blow for Putin as China silently turns and PULLS major car brand [REPORT] Musk says he’s homeless and couch-surfs [REVEAL] UK scientists analyse secrets of Putin's prized fighter jet [ANALYSIS] A meteorite is a solid piece of debris from an object, such as a comet, asteroid, or meteoroid, that originates in outer space and survives its passage through the atmosphere to reach the surface of a planet or moon. When the original object enters the atmosphere, various factors such as friction, pressure, and chemical interactions with the atmospheric gases cause it to heat up and radiate energy. It then becomes a meteor and forms a fireball. 