Manchester United's hopes of landing Robert Lewandowski appear to have taken a hit after Bayern Munich boss Julian Nagelsmann played down the idea of a move elsewhere for the 33-year-old ahead of next season. Lewandowski will be out of contract in the summer of 2023 as things stand and has been tipped by many to seek a fresh challenge away from Germany before his current deal expires in a year's time. United are believed to be one of several clubs keeping tabs on Lewandowski ahead of the summer transfer window, with the Red Devils said to be in the market for a new striker to replace the outgoing Edinson Cavani. However, Nagelsmann has insisted that his side's top scorer is perfectly happy with his current surroundings and is unlikely to leave the German heavyweights in the near future."I never got the impression that he wants to leave," Nagelsmann told reporters ahead of Bayern's next match against Arminia Bielefeld on Sunday."He talks a lot about tactics and always gives the impression that he's interested. But it's also a bit normal to think about your future, especially when you've been at the club for so long. JUST IN: Man Utd spending spree under Ten Hag set to start with Norwich move "In conversations, he always seems to me as if he would like to stay. Of course, I would like to keep him in my team and hopefully the near future will tell."It remains to be seen whether Lewandowski will eventually strike a deal with Bayern to extend his stay at the club or if he will look to end his spell in Munich in the not-too-distant future. The Polish marksman is said to be on United's list of potential targets ahead of next season, with the Red Devils reportedly willing to enter a bidding war with Barcelona in order to secure his signature. Lewandowski has scored a remarkable total of 47 goals in all competitions for Bayern since the beginning of the season and will almost certainly be in the running to clinch this year's Ballon d'Or, which is set to be awarded in October. He has already insisted that he will be able to maintain his current performance levels for at least a few more years, which suggests there is still time for him to earn a big-money contract elsewhere if he decides against signing a new deal at the Allianz Arena."Every year things are going better for me than the year before," Lewandowski recently told FC Style magazine, as quoted by Sport1. "If I’m perhaps at my zenith at 33, then it can go on for a few more years." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here