Arsenal will reportedly be in the running to sign Richarlison from Everton this summer with Mikel Arteta keen on bolstering his attacking options. The Gunners are currently favourites to finish inside the top four, despite Tottenham moving above them on Sunday. Mikel Arteta's side are back in action this evening against Crystal Palace with a chance to regain their top-four spot. Alexandre Lacazette will be expected to lead the line again, but that could all change next season. The Frenchman's contract situation remains unresolved while Eddie Nketiah is also set to be a free agent. Arsenal failed to bring in a replacement for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang back in January, which has left them short of options up front. At least one forward is expected to be signed this summer with a host of strikers being linked with the Emirates. And Arsenal may look to take advantage of Everton's precarious financial position in the summer, according to GiveMeSport. The report points to how Everton recently announced losses in excess of £100million for the last financial year. Richarlison is named as a player who would 'bring in a lot of money' should Everton feel the need to sell. JUST IN: Arsenal expected XI vs Palace with Tomiyasu close and Smith Rowe axed  And it is claimed that Richarlison moving down to London this summer 'could actually happen'. Richarlison was signed for big money back in 2018 and has enjoyed mix success on Merseyside. The Brazilian has been a regular source of goals over the past few seasons, but he's under-performed so far this campaign. He's failed to score in his last nine league matches with Everton picking up just two wins in that time. Everton dropped more points on Sunday when they lost 2-1 to West Ham, leaving them precariously close to the drop zone. Dominic Calvert-Lewin is another Everton player linked with a move away from Goodison Park. DON'T MISS  But Lampard insists the England international remains committed to Everton for the time being. "Absolutely his commitment is there. He can’t and I can’t stop that type of talk," the Everton boss said. "If you elevate yourself to the level of performance that he has shown, particularly as a striker, then it’s very understandable that people talk about you in different ways. "They talk about your form, they talk about how you live your life. With modern players, my job is to make sure they are absolutely focused. I haven’t had to have that conversation with him because I know how determined he is. "I know it isn’t easy sometimes for players to vocalise that. What they need to do is show on the pitch and Dominic hasn’t had the opportunity to do that this season. We feel like we have got him in a good place, so now is the time to show."