Loose Women panellist Ruth Langsford has taken to Instagram to poke fun at her husband Eamonn Holmes as they enjoy a romantic break in Athens, Greece. ITV presenter Ruth, 62, jokingly branded her husband of 12 years an "ancient relic" after having stepped away from their respective presenting duties to spend some quality time in Greece together. In view of her one million followers, the Loose Women star poked fun at her husband of 12 years. Ruth wrote: "I love an ancient relic…..the Acropolis was amazing too!! "Little Easter break in Athens with my beloved," she panned alongside a heart emoji. Ruth added the hashtags:"#holiday #break #husband #athens #greece @eamonnholmes." READ MORE: Piers Morgan fires back as Laurence Fox brands him ‘chubby slug’ The picture showed Ruth and Eamonn standing in the car park next to the Acropolis on a beautiful sunny day. Ruth grinned happily into the camera while Eamonn stood next to her pointing at the Greek monument. The duo both wore dark sunglasses and while Ruth sported her usually coiffured blonde bob, Eamonn looked sunkissed from their time in the Mediterranean. Ruth also took to her stories to document hers and Eamonn's Greek adventures. She shared a love-up snap which she captioned "Me & him. "Little Easter break in Athens," alongside a red heart. Following Ruth's post, her celebrity friends and fans took to the comments to weigh in on the snap. Ruth's Loose Women co-star Denise Welch simply left a row of laughing faces. DON'T MISS... Tom Parker's wife Kelsey reacts to Martine McCutcheon funeral absence [INSIGHT]'Heartbroken' Helen Mirren breaks silence after Rio Hackford's death [ANALYSIS]Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [UPDATE] While Eamonn's GB News co-host Isabel Webster wrote: "Tee hee! Sounds like an amazing time xxx" Loose Women's Jane Moore commented: "Have fun xx." Instagram user Colleenanne69 wrote: "Poor Eamonn xx," alongside a laughing face, Ruth and Eamonn are both taking time away from their presenting duties on Loose Women and GB News to enjoy the romantic break abroad. Their trip comes after Ruth explained why she's rarely seen with Eamonn at glitzy events. Speaking about how she likes to relax and spend her free time away from the studio, Ruth said: "I love walking our rescue dog, Maggie, and I love to cook – I never see it as a chore - and one of my greatest joys is spending time with my friends. "People rarely see me or Eamonn at many big events, red carpet events." "Time with my friends is precious; I have very, very good girlfriends, very close girlfriends, who have been with me in my life through thick and thin," she added.