Ray Parlour disagrees with his former Arsenal team-mate Paul Merson that Tottenham are a "one-man team". Merson claimed last week that Tottenham rely too much on star striker Harry Kane. However, Parlour says Heung-min Son is equally influential for Spurs as Kane is and has also signalled the importance of Hugo Lloris in goal. Spurs beat Aston Villa 4-0 on Saturday to move three points clear of north London rivals Arsenal in the race for the top four. Son scored a hat-trick and Kane was credited with three assists as Antonio Conte's side ran riot in the second half at Villa Park. Lloris was named man of the match by Sky Sports for keeping the hosts at bay with a string of saves in the first half. Parlour says Spurs must win a trophy during Conte's tenure at the club. And he highlighted the three players as key to their future success. READ MORE: Conte relying on double Tottenham exit before making James Maddison bid  He said on talkSPORT: "If they don't win anything under Conte, then they're never going to win anything. Because you know you've got a manager that is a proven winner, wherever he's gone, he gets the best out of players. "There was a spell where he was a little bit frustrated. It came across when they didn't go and sign players and let a few players go, but suddenly he's got the team now doing what they have to do. "Go out and perform every week, you know your job, go and do it. And they're doing it. DON'T MISSMan Utd forward Mason Greenwood confronted by supporter as police investigation continues [NEWS]Erik ten Hag ‘close to deciding on Man Utd job’ with three assurances key [GOSSIP]Gary Neville and Roy Keane agreed as duo pick title winner between Liverpool and Man City [QUOTES]  "If you've got Son and Kane on form, they could beat any club. Son, for me, is just as important as Harry Kane. "What a player he is. And Lloris, World Cup-winner, he proved he is a top-class goalkeeper at the weekend as well." Last week, Merson wrote in his column for the Daily Star that Tottenham rely solely on Kane. He claimed if Kane doesn't perform, neither do Spurs.  Merson wrote: "Spurs are all about Harry Kane. If Kane turns up, they can beat anybody. He turned up at the Etihad a few weeks back, was a nine out of ten, and they win the game. "Now he's turned up against West Ham and Newcastle and they've won those games comfortably and put themselves back in the race. As long as he turns up, they're alright. "But he didn't turn up at Burnley and they lost. For me they're a one-man team because he's the engine."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here