The 2021 iPad mini brought with it the tablet's biggest redesign since it first launched in 2013, with an all-new screen design that pushes the display to the edge of its aluminium chassis as well as Apple Pencil support for the very first time. The fun-sized device first hit shelves back in September 2021, but already it's received a big price cut - with Amazon UK slashing the price of the Wi-Fi and Cellular model in pink. The 64GB version usually costs £619 but is available at the moment for £464 - a whopping saving of over £150. This offer brings the price of the Wi-Fi and Cellular model down to under the RRP of the Wi-Fi version of the iPad mini. This tablet has an RRP of £479, but at the moment Amazon has also cut this model's price to £464 too. The cellular model will allow you to put a SIM card in so you'll always be connected to the internet, even if there's no Wi-Fi connections around. If the reduced price tag of £464 is still more than you'd like to pay in one go, then the good news is Amazon also offers the ability to pay for your iPad mini in monthly instalments. You can purchase this iPad mini model with 12 monthly instalments of £40.99, but just bear in mind this includes a 10.9 percent APR charge.  If you've been thinking of upgrading your iPad mini for a number of years then there are plenty of reasons to pick up the 2021 version. Besides the Apple Pencil support and new screen design, the 2021 iPad mini all comes with an aluminium chassis and more reminiscent of the iPad Pro and iPhone 12 onwards range. The iPad mini 2021 also comes with a range of pastel colours to choose from that are reminiscent of the latest iMac and iPad Air devices, plus there's more space for the 8.3inch Liquid Retina screen on the front since the Home button has been moved. As per usual with upgrades, the iPad mini also comes with an improved camera and the latest A15 Bionic processor. This silicon makes the new iPad mini over 40 percent faster than its predecessor.  When the iPad mini first launched we put the tablet through its paces and were left thoroughly impressed, giving it a five out of five score. In our review of the iPad mini we said: "There's no denying that this new tablet looks absolutely sensational and it's exactly what many mini fans have been waiting for. The bigger screen, new colours, and faster processor make this a huge upgrade over its predecessor and we can see it flying off shelves when it launches. "There are some minor niggles, including no MagSafe wireless charging compatibility and that steep price tag. It's also worth noting that Apple hasn't released a Magic Keyboard accessory for the new iPad mini so, unlike the Pro models, you can't turn it into a mini laptop. "That said, we've been left pretty smitten with the new iPad mini and if you want a tiny tablet in your life you won't find anything better." 