Interior design can help to improve a space by making it better suited to its purpose. Soft furnishings can also be added to make a home feel more cosy. Whilst interior design is all down to personal taste, one expert has shared top tips on keeping a home “timeless”. Rob Lessmann, MD and founder of luxury interior design studio, Design’d Living, told Express.co.uk: “If you are staying in your home, then it is all down to personal taste. “But if you were wanting to sell or let your property, then stay away from bold patterns and colours as they do not appeal to all tastes. “Lighting trends come and go very quickly, so trying to keep lighting classic and traditional with a warm white look is always something I suggest.” When it comes to the interior, the expert said there are certain designs which can decrease property value. READ MORE: ‘Start a compost heap’ now to provide wildlife a ‘source of food’ Rob explained that if bathrooms and kitchens need an “overhaul” then it could reduce property value. He added: “A blank canvas with neutral tones is always a good start, as the seller will be taking their furniture with them.” Although interiors always come down to an individual’s taste, the expert recommended opting for a classic stone or wood floor. Rob said: “Interiors always come down to an individual’s taste and how they use it to make the space work for them. DON'T MISS:Tomatoes: ‘Blight-resistant’ varieties to grow to avoid disease [COMMENT]Neutral colours can make rooms seem ‘larger and more spacious’ [EXPERT]Lower energy bills by washing clothes with cold water - ‘great step’ [EXPLAINER] “As an interior designer, we build the design around their lifestyle. “Flooring can date very quickly, therefore we always advise a classic stone/marble or wood, avoiding heavily patterned finishes and textures. “Bold colours and textures very quickly result in a house looking dated.” Certain interiors become popular each year, with biophilic expected to be big in 2022. However, certain designs can go out of fashion quickly. Rob recommended opting for classic design which is “timeless” and “never dates”. He added: “For example, we typically use a complimentary natural colour palette as our base, allowing for colour trends to be added with cushions and accessories.” Painting walls white or cream as well as using neutral carpets is a great way to keep a home “timeless”. According to Vicky Salmon, Head Florist at Interflora, biophilic interior design is “becoming increasingly popular”. She added: “More of us are looking to bring elements of the outdoors into our homes, populating areas with plants that have both physical and mental wellbeing benefits as well as being aesthetically beautiful to look at.” Biophilic design is an approach to architecture that seeks to connect building occupants more closely to nature. This could involve bringing plants inside as well as indoor trees and wooden architecture.