Antiques Roadshow set up at Birmingham's grand Jacobean mansion, Aston Hall. Antiques lover and regular to the show since 2004, Will Farmer was surprised to hear how Aston local Benjamin Zephaniah's love for collecting money started. He shed light on his vast collection, and his kind words brought the owner to tears. Writer and dub poet Benjamin chatted with the BBC show's host Fiona Bruce about his love for old money and she put him in touch with expert Will. Wanting to know more about his exhibition, Will asked: "An album indicates a collection, and a collection indicates a collector. "Tell me about these, and there is a whole folio here of banknotes. What's the story behind these then?" The poet jested about how his obsession with collecting started due to being put on the spot while appearing on another TV show. Read More: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ after TV exit decision   He said: "One day I was doing a TV programme and they asked me what my hobby was and as a joke I just said 'collecting money'." The pair laughed and he added: "It was a joke, and then people started sending me banknotes, and I started collecting. That's exactly how it started." He went on to express his love of the artwork on different banknotes through history, adding "they say something about the country and the government" of that time. However, a rare white £5 note caught Will's eye.  The expert pointed out it was from the Second World War, adding it was part of "Operation Bernhard". He continued: "Nazis came up with an idea that they were going to print and put into circulation fake white fivers to try and destabilise the economy." Printed by "prisoners of war" he revealed that alone this note's evaluation "would fetch up to £100 or £150". With a gold coin's evaluation, the figure kept rising for Benjamin's money collection. DON’T MISS…Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames Abi in drugs twist [THEORY]Simon Cowell labels fellow Britain's Got Talent judge David Walliams 'desperate' [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass forced to turn killer again after Rick discovery[THEORY]   Owner Benjamin explained how a wife of an "Air India navigator" received a coin from "Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia" in the early 1900s, and she asked him to use the coin in his work and teachings. He said it was "special" and "spiritual when he touched it". Noticing it was "22-carat gold" Will divulged just how much it was worth. Will stated: "The value of the gold alone in today's market is about £750, the value of it as a medal and with the story takes it over £1,000. "But all of that is insignificant, in my opinion."   Opening up on how he received the coin and the work he does with it when he teaches young children about history, Will concluded: "That to me is far more important than any of the monetary value." Benjamin was taken back by his words and ended with: "I'm getting emotional. "You said that so beautifully." Will finished with: "It's found the right person in you, and the fact that you own it only adds to the story." Antiques Roadshow airs on Sunday at 8pm on BBC One. 