Scottish Labour peer George Foulkes has announced plans for a bill which would allow the Treasury to veto any Holyrood plans to spend money on reserved areas, including foreign affairs, defence and the constitution. If it is passed, Ms Sturgeon would be forced to scrap a team of civil servants working on plans to break up the United Kingdom at the expense of taxpayers. The Scottish government would also have to curb its lavish spending on overseas offices, joining instead with UK Government efforts to promote Scotland abroad. Baron Foulkes of Cumnock has won the support of Tory rivals including Lord Forsyth of Drumlean and former Trade Secretary Liam Fox. Between them, Baron Foulkes and his backers have decades of parliamentary experience between them with some in parliament dubbing it the "Dad's Army plan". Lord Foulkes told the Scottish Daily Express: "This would prevent the SNP from spending money on any reserved areas like defence, the constitution or foreign affairs, so that would be the end of IndyRef2."  He added: "I've never had so many people contact me about one issue in my entire career. It's really getting people riled." The legislation will go into the ballot with other private member's bills following the Queen's Speech on May 10. If selected, the peer is confident he has the backing to push it through the House of Lords. Lord Foulkes, 80, said he decided to act after urging the UK Government to crack down on the SNP's spending spree and becoming exasperated at their reluctance to do so.   READ MORE ABOUT A MADELEINE MCCANN BREAKTHROUGH He said: "I've spoken privately with ministers and advisors and I'm getting a reluctance from the UK Government for some reason. "They don't want to upset the SNP and I think they are afraid of being seen to be engaged in a 'power grab'. But I keep telling them there is a big difference between devolution and independence. The SNP don't understand it and the Tories don't seem to understand it either. "I'm in the process of drafting a private members' bill to be tabled in parliament. It is at the public bills office having the final touches applied at the moment in fact. "It would give powers to the Treasury to monitor and veto expenditure by the devolved parliaments, not just Scottish but the Welsh and Northern Irish as well, on areas that are not devolved."   DON'T MISS: UK nuclear bases infiltrated by China with mysterious drone sightings [REVEALED] Prince William 'deeply let down' after Harry opened up on rift [LATEST] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's US neighbours 'bristling' - claim [REPORT] Baron Foulkes has raised the issue a number of times in the Lords. On March 22 he warned the SNP "is not interested in making devolution work effectively but only in the break up of Britain". He added that there is growing concern in Scotland at improper expenditure by the Scottish Government on areas for which they have no responsibility, particularly in preparing for a referendum that no one wants. Baron Foulkes asked: "Why do the British Government not step in and make sure taxpayers’ money is spent properly?"  On that occasion Baron Michael Forsyth of Drumlean backed his the peer, saying: "My Lords, given that under the Barnett formula, Scotland receives very substantial amounts of taxpayers’ money from the rest of the United Kingdom, why are we not allowed to ask Questions in the Table Office about the huge losses—in ferries, airports and all kinds of weird and wonderful schemes—of hundreds of millions of pounds by the SNP Government?" He is among dozens of Scottish Labour, Tory and Lib Dem peers who could be persuaded to join the 'Dad's Army' plan and back the IndyRef2 blocking bill if it is selected.  It comes as the SNP has been accused of levelling down Scotland by failing to tackle inequality and deliver equal opportunity. The Scottish Conservatives said there is a growing chasm between those in the most and least deprived parts of Scotland.  They have accused the SNP of holding Scotland back with their obsession with independence, which they said was diverting ministers' attention away from improving lives. Scottish Conservative local government spokesman, Miles Briggs, said: "For all of Nicola Sturgeon's ludicrous talk of leading a progressive government, it is Scotland's poorest communities that have been hit hardest by SNP neglect. "Savage SNP cuts to local government have robbed councils of the ability to fund local services and, as a result, inequality has run rampant. "Scotland's communities cannot take another five years of being levelled down by an SNP Government and SNP councils fixated on pushing for another divisive independence referendum, rather than improving people's lives."  Analysis by the party shows wages are almost twice as high in East Renfrewshire as they are in Moray. People living in Moray earn on average £11.83 per hour compared to £20.87 per hour in East Renfrewshire, the party's study shows. The First Minister said on Saturday that the idea local issues are being put aside in favour of independence is a ridiculous assertion. SNP MP, Alison Thewliss, said the SNP has laid out plans to tackle the cost-of-living crisis ahead of the local government elections on May 5. She added that voters will have the choice between SNP action or Tory inaction.  