Boris Johnson insisted the UK and other NATO allies will provide Ukraine with the necessary means to end Russia's threat once and for all. The British Prime Minister travelled to Kyiv to undertake an unannounced meeting with President Volodymir Zelensky during which he renewed Britain's commitment to helping defeat Vladimir Putin's invading army. At a press conference with Mr Zelensky, Mr Johnson said: "To come to your central point Volodymyr, I think we are evolving a vision now for the future.  "Heraclitus said war is the father of all things – that was an exaggeration, war isn’t the father of everything – but what this war is certainly producing is a clarity about the vision of a future for Ukraine." He continued: "Where together with friends and partners, we - the UK and others - supply the equipment, the technology, the know-how, the intelligence so that Ukraine will never be invaded again. "So Ukraine is so fortified and protected that Ukraine can never be bullied again. Never be blackmailed again. Never be threatened in the same way again. "In the meantime, there is a huge amount to do to make sure that Ukraine is successful, that Ukraine wins, and that Putin must fail." READ THE LATEST UPDATE IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Mr Johnson paid tribute to President Zelensky and his country for showing "the courage of a lion" in their fight against Russia over the past month. He insisted supporting Kyiv remains "vital" as he insisted the UK and other partners will continue to put pressure on Russia's economy to retreat entirely. The Prime Minister said: " I thank you for what you have been able to do, your leadership has been extraordinary. "I think what Putin has done in places like Bucha and Irpin, his war crimes have permanently polluted his reputation and the reputation of his government. READ MORE: UK's new lethal aid makes Ukraine 'highly skilled' fighters – Putin now in 'real trouble' "It’s clear -and we discussed this at length – it’s clear that he has suffered a defeat but his retreat is tactical and he is going to intensify the pressure now in Donbas and in the east." He added: "That’s why it’s so vital as you rightly say Volodymyr that we, your friends, continue to offer whatever support we can. "Together with our partners, we are going to ratchet up the economic pressure and we continue to intensify week by week the sanctions on Russia. "Not just freezing assets in banks and sanctioning oligarchs, but moving away from use of Russian hydrocarbons." DON'T MISSHow Russia is becoming the 'next North Korea' [EXPLAINER]VDL vows to ‘make Putin pay’ with 6th wave of ‘heavy sanctions’ [REPORT]Does Vladimir Putin believe in God? [ANALYSIS] Downing Street said Britain would provide Kyiv with 120 armoured vehicles and new anti-ship missile systems. Mr Johnson's aides said the two leaders have been speaking almost daily since Russia launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February. The British leader, under pressure over alleged parties at his Downing Street residence during a COVID-19 lockdown, has been vocal in his support of Zelenskiy. Earlier on Saturday, the Ukrainian leader's office published pictures showing the two men chatting across a table.