Manchester United had ‘advanced’ talks over hosting Tyson Fury’s fight with Dillian Whyte at Old Trafford, according to reports. Fury is a big supporter of the Red Devils, having previously made no secret of his admiration for the club. But, instead, the battle took place at Wembley on Saturday night. Fury beat Whyte on Saturday to retain his WBC title at Wembley. But The Athletic say that the battle between the two boxers was nearly held at Old Trafford instead, with United formerly being in ‘advanced’ talks to host the showpiece event. It’s stated that Fury himself was keen to explore the possibility of having the fight take place in the north West. However, ultimately, the dates ‘didn’t work’. At the time of the discussions taking place, Old Trafford wasn’t a free venue until late May due to Premier League scheduling. Fury had wanted the fight with Whyte to take place earlier in the year, in April. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And it would have secured the Red Devils a massive £4million if they were able to put on a show for the world to see. Ultimately, that didn’t happen. But Fury is said to have a good relationship with United and, if he performs a U-turn on retirement, Old Trafford will be an option to host a potential fight with Oleksandr Usyk or Anthony Joshua. United, obviously, don’t have as big a capacity as Wembley. A massive 94,000 fans were able to watch at the home of the England football team as Fury claimed glory with an uppercut in the sixth round. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Old Trafford has hosted other sports in the past, including Rugby League. And the famous stadium is poised for a revamp in the foreseeable future, with the Glazers keen to modernise facilities. Meanwhile, after Fury expressed a belief he’d retire, BBC boxing expert Steve Bunce has called on him to go into WWE. “The pride of Morecambe has previously been involved with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and I would like to see him back in professional wrestling in October or November,” he stated. “Last time round, it got him back in the gym. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “If he were to fight Joshua in April or May 2023, if he has a 10-week training camp in wrestling, it would be fantastic. “Can you imagine him touring the USA with the WWE? It would be like touring with Kiss, the greatest rock band in history - he will be selling out 20,000 arenas every night of the week for a month. It would be incredible. “Sure, WWE is choreographed, but you cannot choreograph how you fall from the five-foot-high ring turnbuckle when a guy swings you. “You land on your back, head, shoulder - you suffer physically. “You do not get hit on the chin like you do in boxing, but it is a brutal sport. “I am not sure about a hybrid MMA-boxing fight which Fury has suggested. If he faces someone from the UFC, it would have to be under boxing rules. “Does he fight Francis Ngannou - a big UFC heavyweight champion - and beat him in a boxing bout? “Yes, with so much ease that it is embarrassing. He might be able to do it while smoking a cigar and in his slippers. “It would be foolish to compete with anybody under MMA rules where you're permitted to take your opponent down. “Fury is a good grappler, which is a big part of his training, but he is not a professional grappler like the big MMA stars.”