Germany is coming under increasing pressure to introduce an energy embargo on Russia amid accusations of war crimes in Ukraine. The government in Berlin has so far resisted calls for the country to end its dependence on Russian gas. European neighbours have tried to pressure Germany into imposing an embargo, including Poland. Prime Minister of the country, Mateusz Morawiecki, today accused Germany of “standing in the way” of harder sanctions against Russia. He added: “Anyone who reads the notes of EU meetings knows that Germany is the biggest impediment when it comes to more decisive sanctions." Germany's relationship with Russia has been under the microscope in recent weeks, and former Chancellor Angela Merkel's legacy may be looked at differently as a result of the Ukraine invasion, according to some experts. Ms Merkel was known for trying to use economic ties as a way to reach out to Putin. This included the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline, which started being built in 2018 during Mrs Merkel’s chancellorship, but is seen as a controversial project which was meant to bring additional gas from Russia to Germany via the Baltic Sea, circumnavigating countries like Ukraine and Poland. Mrs Merkel kept her backing for the gas pipeline in place despite concerns elsewhere in Europe. Germany’s gas imports from Russia amounted to around 36 percent of its total in 2010, which rose to a roughly 65 percent share by 2020, according to figures from Eurostat. Alberto Alemanno, a professor of EU law at HEC Paris Business School, told CNBC this week: “No other country has downplayed Russia’s rebellious stance towards the world order as Merkel’s Germany.” He added: “It is Nord Stream 2 which epitomises Merkel’s appeasement approach towards Russia, to the point of embodying today all what was wrong with Germany’s stance towards Russia. "By establishing an unnecessary relationship of interdependence with Vladimir Putin, Merkel’s Germany made him stronger while weakening the whole of Europe and NATO." Germany's new Chancellor, Olaf Scholz, has already taken a much harder stance on Russia than his predecessor. He announced a halt on the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline after Russia’s first military moves into two breakaway regions of Ukraine in late February. READ MORE: Putin's troops 'execute Ukrainian mayor with husband and son' Daniela Schwarzer, executive director for Europe and Eurasia at the Open Society Foundations think tank, says Merkel's "big failure" was not toughening up on Russia after the annexation of Crimea in 2014. She added that “Merkel underspent" both toward NATO and the EU and added that the German army is “in a bad shape.” Ms Schwarzer praised Mrs Merkel on her policy on refugees, however, adding: “Merkel’s very clear and open position on Syrian refugees led to a strong societal engagement in Germany." In 2015, Mrs Merkel adopted an open door policy after millions of Syrians fled the country. The West is now firmly united in its condemnation of Putin, with US President Joe Biden calling for the Russian President to face justice for war crimes in Ukraine. Shocking images of bodies of civilians in the streets of Bucha, near Kyiv, have led to an outpouring of international condemnation of Russia Mr Biden said today: "This guy is brutal. DON'T MISS Have your say: What should we do as Putin's army commits atrocities? [INSIGHT] 'Bucha just the beginning' Experts fear more war crimes by Russians [ANALYSIS] Zelensky in brutal swipe at Angela Merkel's Russia stance [INSIGHT] "Well the truth of the matter, you saw what happened in Bucha ‒ he is a war criminal... but we have to gather all the detail so this can have a war crimes trial." UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said this week: "Russia's despicable attacks against innocent civilians in Irpin and Bucha are yet more evidence that Putin and his army are committing war crimes in Ukraine. "We will not rest until justice is served." Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has addressed Russian forces as “murderers”, “torturers” and “rapists." He also vowed to investigate and prosecute all Russian “crimes” in Ukraine, saying he had created a “special mechanism” to do so. In a late-night address, the Ukrainian leader said: "Hundreds of people were killed. Tortured, executed civilians. Corpses on the streets. "Concentrated evil has come to our land. Murderers. Torturers. Rapists. Looters. Who call themselves the army. And who deserve only death after what they did.”