Stefanos Tsitsipas has been accused of being “desperate” against Carlos Alcaraz in their Barcelona Open quarter-final. The world No 5 fired a ball directly towards his opponent during his three-set loss to the teenager at the ATP 500 event. Fresh off the back of successfully defending his Monte Carlo Masters title, Tsitsipas was one of the favourites heading into last week’s Barcelona Open but his run came to an end at the hands of Alcaraz, who defeated the Greek 6-4 5-7 6-2 in the quarter-final. The world No 5 has now been accused of being “desperate” against the 18-year-old after firing a ball directly towards his opponent. At the end of the first set of the match with the Spaniard 5-4 40-0 up and standing at the net, Tsitsipas hit the ball straight down the middle of the court, forcing the world No 9 to duck out of the way or risk being hit. When Alcaraz won the set, he stared down the eight-time title winner making his feelings about the dangerous shot clear. And Tsitsipas has now been called out for the move, with a retired former world No 2 admitting it appeared to be a moment of desperation for last year’s runner-up. “I was very surprised to see Alcaraz dictating so much against Tsitsipas,” Alex Corretja told Eurosport. JUST IN: Raducanu tipped to hire 'one of the very best coaches in the sport'  “Someone who just won Monte Carlo and is usually very aggressive, but he struggled so much on the backhand side and from Stefanos’ point of view you can see he was desperate, that’s why on that ball he ran and he was just trying to hit as hard as he could to probably just to tell the guy ‘Okay, leave me alone, you’re pushing me so much’.” The two-time French Open finalist also commended Alcaraz’s reaction to the controversial point, adding: “And it was, I think, sort of like a desperate reaction from Stefanos. And I also liked a lot the way Alcaraz behaved at that moment because he looked at him like ‘Okay, no fear, I’m not scared of you, I’m beating you and that’s what I’m doing with my tactics’. DON'T MISSWimbledon Russian ban strongly defended by five countries in statementAlcaraz receives multiple warnings over Nadal comparison - 'Stay away'Kyrgios hits back at 'jerk' charity match claim and calls pro 'potato'    “He mixed it up very well. He showed a lot of personality and at the same time he was brave and ready to fight.” Alcaraz guaranteed his top 10 debut with the victory over Tsitsipas and went on to win the title in Barcelona, with Corretja claiming it was the match against the world No 5 that gave the home favourite the confidence to go on and lift the title. “He started in Barcelona with a lot of doubts and you could see he was a little bit nervous,” he explained. “But as the tournament went on he was firing up himself, he got the crowd with him and after he beat Tsitsipas you could tell he was ready to win the tournament, even if he struggled so such and won by a miracle against De Minaur [in the semi-finals] I think he was ready to do it. And mentally he showed that he learned so much through the whole week because he had doubts, then he gets back, then he suffered and he ended up enjoying the tournament.” 