Singer and TV presenter Jane McDonald joined chef James Martin on his show Saturday Morning to discuss her upcoming tour and new album, Let the Light In. James cooked up some Cornish plaice with asparagus, spinach and a homemade fish sauce. However, Jane was shocked to learn how much butter went into the dish and was treated to a surprise revelation about one of James' colleagues. Whilst the dish was cooking, James was making a champagne fish sauce to accompany the dish, which Jane was excited about. While talking her through the process, James said: "Now we add some double cream in there, whilst that is working, we can pop this in the oven. "Then we crank up the heat of this, now I'm sure you have been there, it is your local when you go down to London, but you have been to The Ritz? "There is a guy called John Williams who is a chef at The Ritz, he is the only chef that I know who uses twice as much butter than what I do." READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Spider Nugent returns as Emily Bishop dies Shocked at the revelation, Jane exclaimed: "Right... that's a lot of butter!" Laughing at her surprise, James continued: "He makes sauces like this, it is the classic way to start off, and then you add butter, and you keep going, and you keep going." Jane teased: "Add butter, and butter, and more butter!" Explaining why he was adding so much of the ingredient, he explained: "To thicken a sauce, you want to use butter, you keep whisking it in!" Still shocked at the amount James had used, Jane quipped: "You have half a packet of butter in there!" "Two thirds," James replied, trying to make it sound not as bad. "It's enough for three, two, two at a push!" He finished up with seasoning the sauce and adding the rest of the ingredients onto the plate, but gave Jane a taste of the sauce before she enjoyed the meal. Taking a bit off the spoon, she exclaimed: "Mmm, mmmm! Oh my God, that is amazing, isn't it! Oh wow, that is gorgeous. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald breaks down in tears after meeting 'hero'  [INSIGHT]Jane McDonald forced to explain awkward wardrobe mishap [LATEST]James Martin's Saturday Morning fans ‘switch off’ as they slam guest [WATCH] "That sauce is incredible, I could drink a pint of that!" She tucked into her course and told James: "Do you know what, I've got one heck of an appetite! "Gosh, this is just delicious! It makes it special, mmmm! I feel special because you put champagne in it for me!" James is known for his love of butter, but has been criticised in the past about his excessive use of the ingredient. He recently spoke out about his cravings for the dairy product to Love Food and said: "It’s a British problem. In the UK, we have this natural obsession with stuff, and I don’t know why. Everywhere in the world manages to eat butter in moderation. "How do you make a product with so much stabiliser in it and other stuff that shouldn’t be in it? I think I’d rather eat butter all day long, thank you very much. "If we just learned to enjoy food in all forms that we produce right on our doorstep, then the UK and the world would be a much happier place." James Martin Saturday Morning airs Saturday from 9:25am on ITV.