A propaganda video with BBC-style credits has been spread online showing images from the attack on a railway station in Kramatorsk, eastern Ukraine, last week. The strike killed 57 people and injured over 100. The video claims the missile serial number was similar to those fired by the Ukrainian army and accused Ukraine of spreading “fake news” by blaming Russia for the strike. The fake cannot be seen on the official BBC website or its social media channels. The broadcaster’s press team said it was aware of the video and is taking action to have it removed. Captions on the video, which has no sound, are made to look like those on BBC news channels. They read: "When the missile factory numbers hit social media, the Ukrainian media stopped covering this topic. “Military experts stress that Ukraine has often started using fake news to promote its position.” The BBC has said the image is a fake and have urged people not to share it.  The broadcaster said in a statement posted on Twitter: “We are aware of a fake video with BBC News branding suggesting Ukraine was responsible for last week’s missile attack on Kramatorsk train station. “The BBC is taking action to have the video removed. We urge people not to share it and to check stories on the BBC News website.” The video has been shared by pro-Kremlin news outlets in Russia which have spread claims that Moscow was not responsible for the attack. In response to the BBC’s statement that the video is fake, Dmitry Polyanskiy, Russia’s deputy permanent representative to the United Nations, accused the broadcaster of “covering Ukraine’s crimes”. The fake video has been widely condemned on social media, with many users pointing to “Russian propagandists” as the creators. Ukraine’s leading YouTube channel, Toronto Television, tweeted: “Russian propagandists distributed a fake BBC video in English. “It contains fake subtitles, stating that Ukrainian Tochka-U rocket killed civilians at Kramatorsk train station. “The BBC has already denied the fake and takes steps to remove the video.”  Russia has denied responsibility for the missile strike last Friday which struck the station in eastern Ukraine, as thousands of civilians awaited evacuation to safety. The Kremlin claimed the missile was Ukrainian and said the Russian army did not have any targets assigned to the area at the time of the attack. Ukraine has rejected the claims and stated Russia deliberately struck the station in an attempt to cripple evacuation efforts from the Donetsk region, which has been under heavy shelling for weeks.  Ukrainian authorities said rockets struck a waiting room where "hundreds of people were waiting for the evacuation train". The mayor of Kramatorsk said in a statement: “This is another proof that Russia is brutally, barbarically killing the civilian Ukrainians, with one goal only - to kill.” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky accused Russian troops of "cynically destroying the civilian population" and called it "an evil without limits". Russia has repeatedly denied responsibility for horrific attacks on civilian infrastructure in Ukraine, including schools and hospitals, amid growing evidence of war crimes committed in the country.  The Kremlin has rejected accusations that Russian forces were responsible for killing civilians in Bucha, where harrowing images, photos and witness accounts emerged at the beginning of this month after Russian troops withdrew from the town. Harrowing images and videos showed bodies lining the street and indiscriminate killings of civilians.  The Kremlin has claimed the footage was fake, with the Russian media repeatedly attempting to spread conspiracy theories and allegations that the killings in Bucha had somehow been forged. Moscow has denied targeting civilians and has said Ukrainian and Western allegations of war crimes are false. Ukraine’s prosecutor’s office revealed on Monday that it was investigating more than 6,000 alleged war crimes committed by Russian troops, including mass executions of civilians and rape. 