It’s been months since No Time To Die hit cinemas when Daniel Craig bowed out as James Bond so spectacularly. As the 007 franchise enters its 60th anniversary this year, fans are wondering who could be taking up the Licence To Kill next. There’s been a shakeup at one of the bookies, with Casino Royale runner-up Henry Cavill now taking the lead. Back in 2005, Craig beat a 21-year-old Cavill to the role of Bond in Casino Royale. Of course, previous 007 contenders have ended up bagging the role later on from Timothy Dalton to Pierce Brosnan – so is the Superman star in with a chance? Some punters certainly think so, as the 38-year-old is now the favourite to be the next Bond, according to Coral who have him on 2-1. The star has said multiple times he’d love to bag the role and would be interested in talks with producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson if they were up for it. Cavill has certainly shown he can play a spy, having done so in The Man From U.N.C.L.E., Mission: Impossible – Fallout and the upcoming Argylle. The Witcher star has overtaken fellow Bond favourites in the odds, with Tom Hardy and Regé-Jean Page currently both behind on 3-1. Coral said: “It has been all one-way traffic for Henry Cavill in our next James Bond betting over the last 24 hours. Cavill has no shortage of experience in action movies, so it is no surprise punters see him as the perfect fit for the iconic role as 007.” In terms of other contenders, Richard Madden is on 7-1 and Idris Elba, James Norton and Jamie Dornan are all on 8-1. Behind them are Michael Fassbender on 10-1, Sam Heughan on 14-1 and both Tom Hopper and Henry Golding on 16-1. All this speculation should be taken with a pinch of salt and the producers may not even have begun the Bond reboot process. Nevertheless, Broccoli has made it clear that the next 007 will be played by a man, but he can be any colour. DON'T MISSJames Bond: Sean Connery wanted Roger Moore in Never Say Never Again [SEAN CONNERY]James Bond: Roger Moore drank for his nerves on For Your Eyes Only set [ROGER MOORE]Elvis death: Last movie King saw was a Roger Moore James Bond [ELVIS] Broccoli says her creative process is to sit down with her team at EON Productions and work out what sort of reboot they want to do next and its tone. Only after this will she and her sibling producer Michael G Wilson start their secret auditions – if they haven’t already – to find the right actor to fit that. With Global James Bond for the 60th anniversary taking place on October 5, that could be the date that we finally hear some news.