These money making tips could prove invaluable to cash-strapped Britons right now. Many are struggling amid rising fuel prices and the soaring cost of energy bills. Martin Lewis’ Money Saving Expert website has come up with 60 ways that people can make more money and stretch their budgets as the cost of living crisis continues to bite. Writing on the MSE website, Jenny Keefe said: “There are scores of legit ways to earn extra money, whether selling stuff, working from home or using the web. "After all, no matter how good a money saver you are, a little bit more money's always useful.” Among the usual tips like switching bank accounts and selling unwanted items on online selling sites - there are a few less obvious ones. READ MORE: 'I've been in tears' Halifax scam warning after gran loses £12,000 The website suggests that Britons look into selling their old wedding dresses. It states: “You could get £500 plus for a sought-after dress by a well-known designer.” One reader wrote in and said: "I put my dress on Pre-loved and had interest from someone who had tried it on in a bridal shop. “She came to try on and bought it for £550. Very happy!" DON'T MISS:Pension savers may be at risk of 55 percent tax charge [WARNING]Martin Lewis' advice if energy firm is doubling your direct debit [ALERT]Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month [INSIGHT] Another idea is to try life modelling which could help people earn an extra £20 an hour. On the website it says: “If you have the confidence to go nude (or semi-nude in some cases), life modelling is a fun way of earning extra cash. “For a few hours' work, you can usually get a very good rate of pay because it's very hard to recruit for this role.” People can check out their local classifieds or the Register of Artists' Models. Other tips include selling unwanted rubbish like toilet rolls and perfume bottles and taking part in surveys. Although some of these suggestions will only help people make a few extra pounds, every little bit adds up. The full 60 plus ways to earn extra money was published on the Money Saving Expert website this week. Meanwhile, Express.co.uk has come up with its own tips and tricks to help Britons survive the cost of living crisis. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Readers have been telling us how they’ve been making hundreds of pounds doing some really fun things. Paul Croker and Carolynne Selway have both made up to £250 a day as film and TV extras. Others like Helen Pritchard and Will Pointing are hiring out their houses as sets for film crews. The survival guide looks at ways to make more money from free cash to side hustles - 50 ways Britons can make extra money as bills rise. 