He is expected to use the opportunity to attempt to head off a Commons rebellion, as many Tory backbenchers are reportedly waiting until after the PM’s statement before they pledge their support. Mr Johnson has been fined £50 for his attendance at a birthday party during lockdown in June 2020, and has been accused of instigating a leaving party for his former Head of Communications Lee Cain on November 13, 2020.  A photographer present at the November party allegedly captured the PM at the event, where he apparently started pouring alcohol for himself and others and made a speech, reported The Telegraph. Downing Street did not dispute the events that transpired but said Mr Johnson had not organised the party. A source told The Sunday Times about Mr Cain’s leaving party: “This wasn’t a leaving drinks - until the Prime Minister arrived. “This was the usual press office Friday evening wash-up drinks.  “Boris came fumbling over, red box in tow, and he gathered the staff around the press office table, which did have bottles of alcohol on it. “He said he wanted to say a few words for Lee and started pouring drinks for people and drinking himself. He toasted him. “It was in Downing Street, people around the table, and there was loads of alcohol. “If you put that picture on the front pages, I think a lot of people, MPs, who have priced a lot of stuff in will not have priced that in, because it looks like a massive p*** up.”  READ MORE: Pegasus spyware found on Downing Street device The Prime Minister has always previously insisted that “all rules were followed” with regards to the COVID-19 regulations. He may receive more fines from the Met as their investigation into the alleged parties at Downing Street continues. In his speech on Tuesday, he is expected to address the “wider context” of the June party and will apologise for breaking the rules, although he will not admit he was aware of breaking them, reports state.  DON'T MISS:Brexit Britain leads the way as number of non-EU migrants soars [BREXIT]Forget envy, let the Chancellor do his job, says JAMES WHALE [COMMENT]'It’s 2000 years later' Greg Hands on if Jesus was a migrant today [INSIGHT] Commons speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle is expected to permit an investigation into whether Mr Johnson misled the Commons, with MPs voting on Wednesday over whether to refer the incident to the privileges committee. If the committee finds the PM in contempt of Parliament, he could be expelled from the Commons. Mr Johnson is set to fly to India on Thursday to meet with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, to discuss “strategic defence, diplomatic and economic partnership and security”. 