Lewis Hamilton may be helpless on his pursuit to end a barren run in Australia which has seen him fail to win the race for seven years. All voices coming out of the Mercedes camp suggest that the issues which blighted their weekend in Saudi Arabia are not going away any time soon, which threatens to leave them off the pace once again. Mercedes' porpoising issues were crystal clear in pre-season and it told in the lap times when cars were first driven in anger during Bahrain qualifying. The concerns were masked and put on the back-burner, however, when both Red Bull cars retired once the race got underway which landed Hamilton with an unlikely podium as George Russell came home fourth. The false wave came crashing down the following weekend in Jeddah. For the first time since 2017 Hamilton failed to make it out of Q1, and he lacked the pace to work up through the field any further than P10. A two-week gap between Saudi Arabia and Melbourne offered the Silver Arrows hope that their performance issues could be fixed, but Russell claims to expect more of the same once he and Hamilton take to the track in Australia this weekend. JUST IN: Daniel Ricciardo fires back at Christian Horner over Red Bull exit and addresses critics That will come as painful news for the 37-year-old in particular, given that he has failed to win in Australia since 2015. In terms of the current F1 calendar it is therefore Hamilton's standout bogey track, boasting a longer streak without him winning than any other. Seven years ago Hamilton held off a stern challenge from Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to see the chequered flag first at Albert Park, pipping the German by just over a second. Back then, the Brit was only 30-years-old with just two world titles to his name. Instead of aspiring to replicate that former glory and end his troubled run down under, the weekend looks to be another damage limitation job for the Silver Arrows. That is something Russell has done well since stepping up from Williams this season, notching a P4 and a P5 in his first two races for the floundering team. But the porpoising issues have proven stubborn while Ferrari and Red Bull have both made strong starts to the year. Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff attempted to manage expectations in the lead-up to Sunday's race. "We still have plenty to learn," he said, "At the moment, our track performance is not meeting our own expectations, but everyone at Brackley and Brixworth is focused on understanding the problems and finding the right solutions. "There won’t be a magic fix for the next race weekend, but we’re pushing to steadily bring gains over the up-coming races, to hopefully move us closer to the front of the pack. Until then, we need to maximise each opportunity and make the most of the package we have."