Street protests have erupted in France ahead of the second round of voting in a close-run race between President Emmanuel Macron and his populist rival Marine Le Pen. The streets of Paris on Saturday were filled with anti-Macron demonstrators who had gathered ahead of Sunday's tense election result. Footage taken of the demonstrations in Paris shows large crowds of activists descending the French capital. The crowd could be heard chanting 'Macron - lock him up!' as they marched. Many of the placards on display blast the French Government's handling of the coronavirus pandemic. A number of protestors can also be seen wearing yellow high-vis jackets which have become an icon of anti-Macron activism since the eruption of the Yellow Vest movement in 2018.   President Macron and Marine Le Pen made final appeals on Friday to undecided French voters. According to the latest surveys for Sunday's run-off Macron leads his eurosceptic challenger by 10-14 points, well outside margins of error. Surveys by France's leading pollsters published on Thursday and Friday showed Macron's score was either stable or slightly rising to reach between 55.5 percent and 57.5 percent. But they also put turnout at between 72 percent and 74 percent, which would be the lowest for a presidential run-off since 1969.  Macron has compared France's choice in Sunday's presidential runoff to that of US voters before they elected Donald Trump into the White House, whilst warning that his current polling lead was not a guarantee of victory. "The next day they woke up with a hangover," Macron told BFM TV on Friday, saying that the situation in France is very similar as it involves a very fundamental choice about the direction of the country. He also pointed to opinion polls' inability to predict the outcomes of either the US election or the Brexit referendum in 2016. The French President is believed to have cleared a major hurdle on the path to re-election with a combative TV debate performance against Le Pen. DON'T MISS:'Fiercely patriotic' Le Pen NO friend of Brexit [VIDEO]'Grovelling' Macron accused of 'shining Putin's boots' - 'Pathetic' [INSIGHT]Le Pen could spark Frexit ‘by accident’ [ANALYSIS] Although Le Pen came across as more polished and composed than in a TV duel for the presidency in 2017, Macron went on the offensive over her ties to Russian leadership, her plans for the economy and her policy for the European Union. "Yes, Emmanuel Macron won but his adversary has avoided a repeat of last time's disaster," Gerard Araud, a former French ambassador said on Twitter. "This debate doesn't disqualify her like the one in 2017, but it doesn't help her close the gap either." On the offensive for most of the debate, Macron's most piercing line of attack was on a loan to Le Pen's party for her 2017 campaign contracted through a Russian bank. "You talk about your banker when you talk about Russia, that's the problem," Macron told his opponent. "You depend on Russian power, you depend on Mr Putin."