Tesco’s Clubcard scheme allows shoppers to find bargains at the supermarket’s branches. But, at full price and without a Clubcard, these products are sometimes double – or more – than the Clubcard price. Tesco offers Clubcard holders reductions on dozens of products, but it has been slammed by some shoppers branding the initiative “ridiculous”. This is because those who are not loyalty card holders have to pay significantly more for the same products. Tesco’s Clubcard offer is free, but requires customers to register online. However, some customers have claimed the scheme is “pointless”. READ MORE: What happened to 'just Harry'!? Royal fans left fuming at Meghan's introduction Customers took to social media to express their fury at the initiative. Twitter user @virtual_ambvxr said: “This is dreadful…if you can sell it at £16 then sell it at £16. The Clubcards are literally free of charge so what is the point? “You don’t gain anything from Clubcards. £40 is absolutely ridiculous. Seeing these crazy prices more and more in Tesco, it really is shocking!” Another customer posted a photo of a jar of Nescafé Azera coffee which had two prices. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry states America is home 'for the time being' [INSIGHT] 'It rankles people!' Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed Sussexes travel [TV] Meghan speech shows 'astonishing differences' with Prince Harry [EXPERT] It seemed that Tesco was charging £6 for the coffee but it cost only £2.90 with a Clubcard. The customer tweeted: “Tesco said ‘what cost of living crisis?’” User @JJM_1994 wrote: “Tesco Clubcards are probably skewing the real (much higher) inflation stats.” User @andy88jones said: “Tesco has basically turned into a tech company; they are enforcing Clubcards now to get your shopping data. Crate of Bud Light £16 or £9 with a Clubcard. Sneaky sneaky.” Meanwhile, a Tesco spokesperson wrote on Twitter: “Through Clubcard Prices, we’re giving more than 20 million customers access to thousands of exclusive deals on everything from everyday staples like fruit and veg to treats like prosecco and ice-cream. “It’s easy and free to sign up, and customers can register on the Tesco Grocery & Clubcard app, website or in store to start saving straight away.” In other Clubcard news, Tesco announced this week that it plans to scale pack paper coupons as part of a reform of its popular loyalty club. From May, Tesco will be encouraging all customers to go digital as automatic statements and vouchers will stop arriving through letterboxes, unless the customer makes a specific request for physical coupons. Instead, any accumulated points will be transferred into vouchers over email, with a barcode for shoppers to use at the checkout in Tesco stores. The supermarket giant said it will make the change for those who regular shop online, and that those users will receive an email informing them about the move. Not all customers will be affected.