Even though German imports have fallen this year, it still gets a quarter of its oil and 40 percent of its gas from Russia. The country has already halted the opening of a big Russian gas pipeline, Nord Stream 2, in response to the war.  Mr Habeck, who is also economics minister and co-leader of the Greens said: “If you can take the train or bike over Easter, that's good too: it's easy on the wallet and annoys Putin.” He has argued that Russia does not need to take peace talks seriously because of the billions it receives from oil exports. He said: “Some of Ukraine's friends and partners now understood it was an issue of survival for Ukraine.” The European Union is already trying to slash imports of Russian gas by 66 percent this year, and break its dependence entirely on Russian energy by 2027.  Last week, Germany's Finance Minister Christian Lindner said the country was moving “as quickly as possible” to ditch Russian energy, but poured cold water on a sudden stop. Mr Lindner said in an interview with newspaper Die Zeit: “The question is, at what point do we do more harm to Putin than to ourselves? “If I could only follow my heart, there would be an immediate embargo on everything. However, it is doubtful that this would stop the war machine in the short term.” However, Ukraine's President has criticised the stance of both Germany and Hungary.  READ MORE: Homeowner vows to keep fence after council orders it to be torn down Volodymyr Zelensky told the BBC: “We need to talk together with these countries on how it's possible for there to be different attitudes to this issue of the oil embargo within the European Union.” Meanwhile, Germany’s top forecasters have warned that Germany would plunge into a deep recession if its supply of Russian natural gas was suddenly shut off. The country would lose 220 billion euros ($238 billion) in economic output over the next two years in the event of such a shock, according to a report by five German economic institutes. German GDP would rise by just 1.9 percent in 2022, and contract by 2.2 percent in 2023.  DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: 'An outrage' Fury over EU funding betrayalMeghan and Harry’s 'personal' visit to Queen 'in the works' Meghan and Harry to have ‘private meeting’ with Invictus team Growth would be 2.7percent this year if the gas keeps flowing. Cutting Russian gas would push Europe’s largest economy into a “sharp recession,” said Stefan Kooths, research director at the Kiel Institute for the World Economy and one of the report's authors. 