Manchester United icon Wayne Rooney has urged the club to snub Erik ten Hag and appoint Mauricio Pochettino as their new permanent manager this summer. Rooney joins former team-mate Gary Neville in calling for Pochettino's arrival as United grow closer to making a final decision. The Derby County boss appeared on Sky Sports' Monday Night Football for the channel's coverage of Crystal Palace's clash with Arsenal on Monday. And host David Jones and pundit Jamie Carragher wasted no time in asking him about the current situation at United and who he wants in the dugout next season. Rooney has backed Pochettino as his preferred candidate due to his Premier League experience, which saw him blood in young players at Southampton and Tottenham. The 36-year-old also told United to give Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's successor time and suggested the club would just want the current campaign to end now. He told Monday Night Football: "I think Pochettino has done it in the Premier League; he knows the Premier League. At Tottenham, he brought a lot of young players through, at Southampton as well. If I'm choosing from one of the two, that's who I'd choose. I'd go with Pochettino and give him time. JUST IN: Liverpool told Rice would 'suit' them but Reds would face £150m fee "For managers now, they need time to come in and put their blueprint on the club and the team. If you give him time, I think he'll do well. For Manchester United not to be challenging, I think they'd want the season to stop now if it could and forget about the Champions League. They're not going to compete next year in the Champions League if they qualify for it." He continued: "They have to rebuild the squad and rebuild everything around the first team, round the club, to make sure they put themselves in the position to in two or three years' time be ready to challenge again for the Premier League." READ MORE: Parlour warns Chelsea Arsenal are ready to boot them out of the top 4 Neville has also made his desire for the Red Devils to pick Pochettino over Ten Hag clear. He wrote recently on social media: "Personally I would go for Pochettino but Ten Hag is the massive favourite of United fans to take the club forward. That’s if it is a clear choice between the two." However, the Ajax manager is widely considered the favourite to enter the Old Trafford hot-seat ahead of the 2022/23 campaign, and they could reach an agreement before May. Ten Hag is the popular choice amongst fans, with 82 per cent of over 219,000 voters on Neville's Twitter poll opting for the 52-year-old rather than Pochettino. Regardless of who United pick, they must do so with the next decade in mind. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here