Karim Benzema has now scored more Champions League semi-final goals than Lionel Messi after his brace for Real Madrid against Manchester City on Tuesday night. The France international was a standout performer at the Etihad Stadium. However, Los Blancos have plenty of work to do if they’re to make the final of the competition for the first time since 2018. Manchester City raced into a two-goal lead against Real Madrid on Tuesday night after early goals from Kevin De Bruyne and Gabriel Jesus. But Benzema then pulled one back, expertly rifling past Ederson to halve the deficit. City then doubled their advantage again through Phil Foden, only for Vinicius Jr to find the net. As the match went on, the home side struck for a fourth time through the excellent Bernardo Silva. But Benzema notched a late Panenka penalty to give Los Blancos a huge boost when it comes to making the Champions League final. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And his brace on the night means the 34-year-old has now scored more semi-final goals in the tournament’s history than Paris Saint-Germain star Messi. Messi, throughout his career, has scored six goals at such a stage. But Benzema has now netted seven, which is more than any other player in history - barring Cristiano Ronaldo. Ronaldo’s total will take some beating, with the Manchester United star scoring 13 times in Champions League semi-finals over the years. And Benzema will be hoping to add to his tally in the second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu on May 4. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Real will go into that match with work to do, especially given their poor defending at the Etihad. But Benzema, speaking after the game, feels they have what it takes to win the tie and reach the final. "A defeat is never good because we are really excited about the Champions League,” he said. “The most important thing is we never lay down our arms, we are all in this until the end. "Now we have to go to the Bernabeu and we will need our fans like never before and we are going to do something magical, which is win. "I always have it in my head that if you don’t take a penalty, you will never miss a penalty. "That’s mental confidence and that's all. I have a lot of confidence in myself... so I do it and it turns out well." Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti, meanwhile, admitted the match with City had been a ‘fantastic game’ to witness. "I am a supporter of football of course,” he stated. “It was a fantastic game. “As manager of Real Madrid I have to take consideration that we scored three goals, which is really important. “We didn't defend well. We can do better. We concede two goals early in the game and then we are able to react really well. “We kept the game open until the end. Now we have a great dream to play the second game in the Bernabeu and we hope to have the chance to go to the final. "The first 20 minutes were really difficult but slowly we were able to come back into the game to keep qualification open. "We need this [some magic] as we are going to play against a really strong team. “We competed today and we need to do that more in our stadium."