Megan Fox, 35, has revealed she believes she invented boyfriend Machine Gun Kelly, 32, with the power of her thoughts. She also admitted he would "cut his chest open with broken glass" for her. Jennifer’s Body star Megan got engaged to MGK, real name Colson Baker, back in January. The loved up couple have made headlines with their tonsil tennis on the red carpet and claims to have drunk each other’s blood. In a new interview, Megan explained what actually goes on during these gory sessions, explaining the process is “controlled”, although MGK has more “chaotic”. “When I do it, it’s a passage or it is used for a reason. And it is controlled where it’s like, ‘Let’s shed a few drops of blood and each drink it,’” said Megan. “He [MGK]’s much more haphazard and hectic and chaotic, where he’s willing to just cut his chest open with broken glass and be like, ‘take my soul.’” The actress was also quizzed on why she believes the rapper is her soulmate, and she admitted she believes she created him with her manifestations of her perfect man. “Because he’s literally my exact physical type that I’ve been manifesting since I was four. I’m also four years older than him. So, I think I made him,” she told Glamour. “My thoughts and intentions grew him into the person that he is, who knows what he would’ve looked like or been like if it wasn’t for me.” The couple announced their engagement earlier this year with a typically mystical and dramatic Instagram post. "In July of 2020 we sat under this banyan tree," Megan wrote alongside footage of Colson on one knee. "We asked for magic. We were oblivious to the pain we would face together in such a short, frenetic period of time,” she continued. “Unaware of the work and sacrifices the relationship would require from us but intoxicated off of the love. And the karma." DON'T MISS... Megan added: “And just as in every lifetime before this one, and as in every lifetime that will follow it, I said yes. “…and then we drank each other’s blood”. In another Instagram post, alongside a photo with her beau, Meghan made a list of some of the things their romance entails. It included: “guns, addiction, shamans, lots of blood, general mayhem, tantric night terrors, binding rituals, psychedelic hallucinations, and the kind of sex that would make Lucifer clutch his rosary”. Earlier this month, footage of Meghan appearing to reject a kiss from Machine Gun Kelly on the red carpet went viral. Megan looks irritated, turning away from her fiance before walking off. Colson laughs awkwardly before sipping his drink, with social media users joking about the cringe worthy scenes. “She wanted nothing to do with him lol,” joked one. * Read the full interview in the GLAMOUR UK April Digital Issue online now