WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders season six. As the BBC's Peaky Blinders comes to an end, fans are desperate to find out what will happen to Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) after being told he had a terminal illness. While he gets his affairs in order and brings his family together once again, he introduced his estranged son Duke. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the gang leader's eldest son Duke. Duke Shelby is played by Conrad Khan, a 22-year-old actor who began his career not long ago in 2015, with his first credited role as Oskar in the TV movie Virtuoso. He quickly found fame with the blockbuster film The Huntsman: Winter's War, where he played a younger version of Chris Hemsworth's character Eric. Conrad has also starred in an episode of Netflix's Black Mirror and featured as regular Will Chambers in the TV series Baptise. The star was a member of Arcola Youth Theatre London between 2012 and 2015 and described Peaky Blinders as being his "dream role". READ MORE: Pensioner insists she's not hard up on £12K a year 'I'm happy' Speaking to NME, he said: "The script is amazing. When I had my first audition, I was like, 'This is so cool that I get to read this.' "I couldn't believe it, and then when I got the part, it really was a dream come true. "I was really nervous sitting in my trailer before I went on set because it’s such a family and so well established." Duke Shelby is the son of Tommy Shelby and his first girlfriend Zelda, who he met at the Appleby Fair in 1914. Upon first meeting, Zelda initially stole Tommy's watch and chain, but despite her actions, the pair ended up having sex underneath a hazel tree. Zelda became pregnant with Tommy's baby, but when her father found out, he shot the Peaky Blinder in the chest with a squirrel gun. Her father wanted to kill Tommy, but he never got the chance as he was soon sent away to fight in WWI and never saw Zelda again. When Zelda gave birth to their son, she named him Erasmus and told him that his father was the Duke of the Saxon Shore after seeing it engraved on the back of the watch she stole. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders fans fume over Alfie Solomons absence 'Where is he!' [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders theory: Tommy's death unavoidable in 'mortal man' clue? [LATEST]Peaky Blinders boss talks leaving out Mosley details from series [WATCH] As a result, Erasmus changed his name to "Duke" and doesn’t like people using his birth name. Many years later, Zelda died from unexplained causes, and Duke was left on the road with the gypsies. He began working at a fairground but became a thief and wanted more to his life than wheels and carousels. Tommy never met Duke until the day of his daughter Ruby's (Orla McDonagh) funeral, where he spoke to his widowed sister-in-law Esme Shelby (Aimee-Ffion Edwards). She told him: "The Lord gives, the Lord takes away”, and implied the spirits had just taken his child away to give him another. He asked who the other child is when she explained: "A daughter lost, a son found," and looked over to a teenage boy beside two horses. She told Tommy the teenage boy goes by the name "Duke" and he’s a thief, wanting something more to his life. Esme added: “If the loss of Ruby has left a hole in your heart, I’ll send him to you." Peaky Blinders concludes on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.