As the cost of living crisis continues, Britons are reminded to check their band as almost half a million people (400,000) are thought to be paying too much council tax. As council tax rises this month, many families will be looking at ways to cut costs and save money so it’s worth double checking that they are in the correct band. While low income households could be eligible for a 100 percent reduction, others could be owed a refund because they’re in the wrong council tax band. A successful evaluation of someone’s council tax band could save people up to £400 each year. In addition, payments can be backdated to when the current householder moved into the property which could add up to thousands. People can check their council tax band by using the online tool at Gov.uk. READ MORE: Carer's Allowance claimants could get £500 more via new payment in certain parts of the UK   However many households are in line for £150 rebates, some may not receive the payment. People who are exempt from paying council tax could still get this financial help but they’ll need to get in touch with their local council. How much Council Tax you pay depends on: Each property is assigned one of eight bands in England, based on property value, and the tax is set as a fixed amount for each band. The more valuable the property, the higher the tax. Eight ways to save money on council tax:Check the property is in the right council tax bandPensioners who receive the guarantee credit part of pension credit may not have to pay council taxSingle person households should receive a 25 percent discountDisabled people - the bill may be reduced if a person with a disability lives at the propertyStudents - or households with one student should receive a discountPeople who are severely mentally impaired including people with dementia receive a discountCarers sometimes get a reduction depending on their circumstancesUniversal Credit claimants also get a reduction. Financial journalist Martin Lewis has been campaigning on this issue for years in an attempt to help people make savings where they can. On his Money Saving Expert (MSE) website he recently wrote: “Thousands have tried and succeeded, and payouts or discounts worth £100s or £1,000s are commonplace. “Get your banding decreased and, as well as paying between £100 and £400 less each year, the repayment should be backdated to when you moved into the property – as far back as when the tax started in 1993.” In 2020, one man challenged his band and saved himself and his 29 neighbours tens of thousands of pounds, according to MSE. Britons usually have to pay Council Tax if they are 18 or over. A full Council Tax bill is based on at least two adults living in a home. Spouses and partners who live together are jointly responsible for paying the bill.