It follows a previous grant from the Economic and Social Research Council, a government quango, of £3,454,432 for the last three years. The thinktank which has previously taken an anti-Brexit stance is headed by Professor Anand Menon, who used to be a visiting expert at the European Commission and reported directly to the President. Tory MPs are furious that the thinktank has been awarded more taxpayers’ cash. Chairman of the Brexiteer European Research Group Mark Francois said: “Britain in a Changing Europe is a Remain orientated think tank that doesn't need what is ultimately £4 million of UK taxpayers cash to tell us they don't much like the fact we've left the EU." Romford MP Andrew Rosindell said: “What a total waste of public money! Surely this money would be better spent researching Brexit opportunities or Britain’s place with CANZUK or Commonwealth trade!” In a recent article by Politico, Prof Menon was quoted attacking UK foreign policy in relation to the Ukraine and its effect on the EU. He said: “The question is whether the [Ukraine war] has helped solve things or it has simply parked and paused them. “I’d be surprised if we’ve moved very far, because the one thing that is clear is the UK doesn’t talk about cooperating with the EU.” This was despite Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and Boris Johmnson holding numerous talks with EU counterparts to get a unified position on the Ukraine crisis. In January he wrote an article for the Guardian attacking Brexit entitled: “Covid has been an easy scapegoat for economic disruption, but Brexit is biting." In the abstract applying for the funding, the thinktank said: “The UK in a Changing Europe (UKICE) initiative aims to promote rigorous, high-quality and independent social science research and to provide an authoritative, non-partisan and impartial reference point for those looking for information, insight and analysis about the post-Brexit and post-COVID UK, including its external relations and the impacts on the UK of changes in the wider international system. “UKICE achieves its aims primarily through: an active online presence (including social media, podcasts, video, and the publication of briefings, commentaries and blogs); a busy programme of events (conferences, briefings, roundtables, panel discussions); working closely with other ESRC Brexit-related investments, including the Senior Fellows, and the Governance after Brexit programme, and via the development of close and collaborative relations with a range of non-academic stakeholder groups.” On receiving the funding, Prof Menon took to Twitter to announce that they would use it to pay for high profile new positions. He Tweeted: “ WE’RE HIRING for a number of positions. So, if you’re interested, or know someone who might be, read on. “First up, we’re after a press officer who can get us on the front pages all the time. “Next, someone who can work between our comms and research teams and ensure that our comms outputs accurately reflect the best of the research work we’re doing. “Third, we’re after another researcher to join the team and help not only write blogs, but produce reports and build our network. “Last but not least, someone to coordinate and provide leadership to our comms team. Ensuring our profile remains high and our relations with key non-academic groups remain strong. A really good opportunity for someone with real drive and vision… APPLY!!”