Since the Obi-Wan Kenobi miniseries was announced, Star Wars fans have been wondering if the Jedi Master and Darth Vader will duel once again. If a new leak of apparent footage is to be believed, this could well be the case. WARNING: POTENTIAL SPOILERS AHEAD. Shared on Reddit Star Wars Leaks, the footage sees Darth Vader locking lightsabers with what appears to be McGregor’s Obi-Wan from behind. The Sith Lord has the upper hand and blasts his old Jedi Master back across what could be the sands of Tatooine. Star Wars fans are mixed on whether the footage is real or not, with the most upvoted comment saying: “This is very impressive if it’s fake. I just don’t see how anyone could let this slip out though.” Another added: “We got 4k footage of Andrew Garfield from No Way Home. Fanboys are now all over the industry.” In the Star Wars timeline, McGregor’s Obi-Wan Kenobi fought Anakin Skywalker aka Darth Vader twice. The first duel was at the end of Episode III: Revenge of the Sith after the latter’s turn to the Dark Side. The new Sith Lord was left limbless and burned on Mustafa before being put in his famous suit by Emperor Palpatine. Some 19 years later, Alec Guinness’ older Obi-Wan had his rematch with Vader aboard the Death Star, during the events of Episode IV: A New Hope. However, Obi-Wan warned Vader that if his old apprentice struck him down he would become more powerful than he could even imagine. The Sith Lord did just that and the Jedi disappeared, with his cloak falling to the floor as he became one with the Force as a ghost. Now if the leak turns out to be real, it looks like the Obi-Wan Kenobi Disney+ miniseries is adding to the Star Wars canon by placing another duel in-between these two. No doubt such a narrative choice will prove controversial among Star Wars fans, but Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy has alluded to it in the past. DON'T MISSStar Wars Rogue One star Felicity Jones ‘in talks for Jyn Erso return’ [ROGUE ONE]John Wayne’s final movie was NOT The Shootist – Duke was in Star Wars [STAR WARS]Star Wars: New poll unveils UK’s favourite movies and characters [POLL] During the Disney Investors Day presentation in December 2020, Kennedy said of the Obi-Wan Kenobi show: “This will be the rematch of the century.” What else could this be interpreted as other than a third duel between the two Star Wars rivals? The big question is though – who will win? In a couple of months' time, we’ll find out. Obi-Wan Kenobi begins streaming on Disney+ from May 27, 2022.