Following the 23,791 new covid cases recorded on April 24 in the UK, WHO Special Envoy on Covid-19 Response Doctor David Nabarro warned British people: “Prepare for more surges” over the winter. “Hospitals and Public Health officers are already hard at work as they know what is coming down the pipe”, said Dr Nabarro.  Speaking with Dr Nabarro, Sky News presenter Niall Paterson asked: “Should we all be looking ahead to what it might be coming down the pipeline in autumn and winter this year? He continued: “We have always seen that deep over the summer because respiratory illnesses are transmitted the same way.” “But should we be preparing for a surge coming later on this year?”, he asked Dr Nabarro. Dr Nabarro responded: “Absolutely, my language is like this.” He firmly said: “Prepare for your surges, prevent transmission when the virus is around and protect people who are most at risk.” “Three P words, I believe people are the solution”, he added He then explained: “With those concepts of preparing, preventing and protecting we will be able to deal with this.” Mr Nabarro also said: “There will be surges and people in the hospitals and public health officers are already hard at work because the know what is coming down the pipe, as you say.” READ MORE: Brexit: Major shock as EU imports fall by a quarter Referring to China’s no-tolerance covid approach and strict covid lockdown in Shanghai, WHO chief also claimed: “I think it will take a few months for leaders around the world to come together and work out the best way to deal with covid.” He continued: “Right now there is still a bit of debate ‘do you try to prevent covid completely with really strong measures as applied in China or you basically let things go and let the virus do what it wants to do.” Referring to WHO guidances over coronavirus, he reiterated: “Those of us in the World Health Organisation what we tend to do is say ‘look it is a middle path.” “That middle path is to keep that virus back and to stop it just infecting everybody because it can have long-term effects”, WHO chief explained. DON'T MISS: Russian aircraft filmed 'dancing' to the ground after Ukrainian strike [WATCH] Russia sends remarkable threat to West - ‘War means war’ [LISTEN] Horror as Irishman kicked to death on Malaga beach [INSIGHT]   “At the same time, however, try not to lockdown the whole society. “Because the economical and social consequences are terrible.” Mr Nabarro concluded: “And it is that middle path than more and more countries are moving to.” The claims follow recent UK government statistics which seem to confirm over 23,791 new covid cases in the UK on April 24. The statements also follow China’s ongoing strict lockdown in Shanghai and strong measures that Chinese government has taken to meet its no-tolerance covid policy, which seem to see more than 26 million residents unable to leave their homes to prevent further covid outbreaks.