James Bond fans continue speculating over who could replace Daniel Craig as 007 after his explosive exit in No Time To Die. Since starring in Netflix’s Bridgerton in late 2020, Regé-Jean Page has shot to A-list fame and right to the top of the bookies’ favourites to take up the Licence To Kill next. However, one of his co-stars from the hit period drama has now entered the running. Jonathan Bailey, star of Bridgerton season 2 has been given odds of 66-1 by William Hill. This comes after the show’s latest set of episodes racked up an incredible 251.7 million viewing hours in its first week on Netflix. The 33-year-old – who if cast as Bond would be the first gay actor to play 007 – stars as Anthony Bridgerton, an aristocrat embroiled in a love triangle with Kate Sharma and her younger sister Edwina. Bailey began his professional career at just 6-years-old in a Royal Shakespeare Company production of A Christmas Carol. The Bridgerton star’s West End debut followed in Les Miserables two years later. William Hill said: “It seems that there’s something in the water when it comes to Bridgerton, with the leading men clearly making quite the impression with Netflix and Bond enthusiasts alike. It’s no surprise that the Bond castors will be paying particular attention to anyone who makes such a splash as Rege-Jean and now Jonathan Bailey has - and until we get an official announcement, it’s truly anyone’s game.” Nevertheless, being on 66-1, Bailey has tough competition from the bookies’ frontrunners. DON'T MISSJames Bond's tombstone unveiled by Prime Minister where he died WATCH [BOND DEATH]Nicolas Cage never forgot Sean Connery advice after Disney dropped him [SEAN CONNERY]James Bond: Timothy Dalton’s ‘slanging match’ on Licence To Kill set [TIMOTHY DALTON] Page himself leads the pack on 5-2, followed by Henry Cavill on 7-2, Michael Fassbender at 5-1 and both Idris Elba and Aidan Turner on 7-1. All this should be taken with a pinch of salt mind, as Bond producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson have said they’re not that far into the audition process. First, they plan on working out what tone they want the next reboot to have and then they’ll go about casting the right actor for that. Broccoli has confirmed that the next Bond must be a man, but she’s open to stars of any racial background.