Slugs and snails aren't particularly loved by gardeners, who may be familiar with the dismay that comes from finding your favourite flower has been feasted on. However, according to research, slugs and snails are very important features of your garden's ecosystem. These slimy creatures provide food for all sorts of mammals, birds, slow worms, earthworms, and insects, all part of the natural balance. Gardeners can easily upset that balance by removing them and ultimately cause a lot of harm. So much so, in fact, that the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) recently re-classified slugs and snails - no longer dubbing them "garden pests". According to the gardening charity, only nine of the 44 recognised species of slugs in the UK eat garden plants. READ MORE: Kill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water Andrew Salisbury, the principal entomologist at the RHS, told The Guardian: "The RHS is all too aware of the role that gardens have in supporting biodiversity and as such will no longer label any garden wildlife as pests." Jamie Shipley, managing director at Hedges Direct said: "Slugs and snails are best known for being common garden pests, however, we are now seeing that they aren't as bad as first thought. "Researchers are now realising that they are beneficial as a vital part of the ecosystem. "Learning to live with them and manage our own garden expectations is the best way forward and certainly the most environmentally and ecologically friendly way." DON'T MISSWeeding: How to create an ‘affordable’ weed killer in seconds [INSIGHT]How to grow wisteria: Key care tips [EXPLAINER]Monty Don: ‘Very good idea to deadhead’ daffodils now [COMMENT] Of course, leaving them to roam free in your garden could have a detrimental impact on the health of your favourite blooms. How can you deter slugs and snails from eating your flowers and plants? Mr Shipley said: "Although the RHS provide advice on methods of control, both natural and chemical, they are now encouraging gardeners to work with them, for example by planting sacrificial plants that slugs and snails like to eat so that others are left alone, or choosing plants that aren’t as attractive to them. "It’s the same way that a lot of gardeners will plant Marigolds to ward off insects such as greenflies and black flies from vegetable crops, which don’t like the odours the flowers emit." One way you can do this is by planting flowers that slugs love in order to distract them from your prized blooms. According to DavidDomoney.com, good "sacrificial" flowers can include daffodils, low-growing hostsa, ocimum basilicum (Basil), Dahlias, asters, petunias, delphiniums (Larkspur) and salad leaves such as lettuce, cabbage and spinach. Surrounding your favourite flowers with these varieties will hopefully fill up hungry slugs before they are in reach. Contrastingly, one can also focus on keeping plants slugs simply won't enjoy. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The experts from DavidDomoney.com said: "There are so many plants that slugs simply can’t stomach. "In fact, that you could plant your entire garden with slug-hated plants. And still have borders boasting beautiful blooms and fantastic foliage year-round. "The bitter, milky sap of Euphorbia (Spurges) is an unwelcome taste on a slug’s palate as are the toxic flowers and stems of Digitalis purpurea (Foxgloves). "Slugs seem also to be put off by the strong scent of Lavendula (Lavender), Rosemarinus (Rosemary), Foeniculum vulgare (Fennel) and Phlox paniculate (Perennial phlox)."