Everton’s squad already have two issues with Frank Lampard just three months into the Chelsea icon’s tenure, according to reports. A number of them are reportedly worried about his tactics, while others do not appreciate the way he addresses the squad, with one star allegedly calling him "clueless".     The Toffees are in serious danger of being relegated from the top-flight for the first time in 70 years and look no closer to moving away from danger than when Lampard was appointed. A 3-2 defeat by Premier League relegation rivals Burnley on Wednesday leaves Everton just two points above the Clarets in 17th. Lampard’s side led 2-1 but threw away their lead. The former England midfielder has struggled to arrest the poor form started under predecessor Rafa Benitez. Everton have won just twice in the league since Lampard’s appointment at the end of January. And some members of the squad reportedly harbour similar concerns raised by Chelsea players when Lampard was manager at Stamford Bridge. The 42-year-old, who remains the Blues’ all-time record scorer, was appointed by the West Londoners in the summer of 2019 but was dismissed in January 2021. JUST IN: Carragher could upset Liverpool fans with prediction on Man City clash According to the Independent’s Reading the Game newsletter, Everton stars do not like the way Lampard speaks to them and about them. Many have also raised concerns about his tactical approach. Similar reports during Lampard’s time at Chelsea claimed that the ex-midfielder did not share a great relationship with all of his players. Those who struggled to earn game time often felt marginalised. The publication adds some figures at Everton have described Lampard as “clueless”, which is a phrase previously used by an unnamed player who featured under the coach for either Chelsea or Derby. Lampard had a generally successful period with the latter, guiding the Rams to the Championship play-off final in 2018/19. DON'T MISS...Arsenal line up stunning Eden Hazard move after 'meeting'Man City's Guardiola denies Jurgen Klopp 'best manager' claimTen Hag's four Man Utd targets outlined by Ferguson's ex-assistant Asked on Friday if he feels under pressure at Everton, Lampard said: "I spent 18 months at Chelsea where you are always two games from the sack. In the Premier League you sign up for that, I've got no problem with that. We're a huge club, people want to talk about it. We've got no right to not be fighting a battle with relegation. But what I am is proud to manage here. When quizzed on whether he has had to drag up the morale of his Everton players, he added: "Yeah because it was a disappointing result [against Burnley], with the manner of it. But that's the nature of the position we're in. “If you are in this position you are not winning every week. You have to keep a level of balance whether you win or lose. A lift, yeah - but we have to lift ourselves.”   