The political commentator waded into the debate after Shadow foreign secretary David Lammy urged the Prime Minister to step down after he was fined by the Metropolitan Police over the partygate scandal. Mr Lammy used historical analogies to argue previous Prime Ministers had stepped down during crises and wartime, saying “there are always others" to replace Mr Johnson.  Tory MPs have rushed to the defence of Mr Johnson, saying now is not the time to step down over the fine controversy due to the ongoing Russian war in Ukraine. But Andrew Neil pointed out that “every single one” of Mr Lammy’s historical analogies was “factually inaccurate”. He tweeted: “Every single one of Mr Lammy's historical analogies is factually incorrect.” His brilliant takedown comes after Mr Lammy told BBC News: ”Churchill replaced Chamberlain just days before the Second World War, Lloyd George replaced Asquith weeks into Somme, Eden lost his job during the Suez crisis. “Theresa May left during the Brexit debacle, David Cameron left once we lost the second referendum “In our constitution, the Prime Minister is first among equals. There are always others in the cabinet that can step into his post.  READ MORE: Andrew Neil pinpoints 'clear favourite' to replace Boris “As I say, with all moral conscious, the first time the Prime Minister is found to have broken the law whilst in Number 10… with all the sacrifices that have been made by the British people during this time… the Prime Minister should step down and so should his Chancellor.” Winston Churchill became Prime Minister and replaced Neville Chamberlain in In May 1940 - after the Second World War began in Europe on September 1, 1939. And Lloyd George replaced Liberal Party leader H. H. Asquith to become Prime Minister in December 1916 - just after the Battle of the Somme between July 1, 1916, and November 18, 1916. DON'T MISS Andrew Neil tears apart Macron's bizarre 'brotherly love' Putin stance [INSIGHT]Is Boris Johnson using Ukraine crisis to save himself? [POLL]'It's an actual fact' Tory MP in car crash interview over fines [VIDEO] While Anthony Eden stopped being Prime Minister in 1957 when Harold Macmillan replaced him. The Suez Crisis took place between October 29, 1956, and November 7, 1956. MPs will return to Westminster on Tuesday where Mr Johnson has promised to set out his position.  He was fined over a birthday party thrown in his honour in the Cabinet Room in June 2020 at a time when indoor socialising was banned. After facing accusations of hypocrisy for not following the rules and allegations of lying to MPs, Mr Johnson told a press conference in Kent: "You are going to have to wait until I come to Parliament when of course I will set the record straight in any way that I can."  Both Mr Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were issued with fixed penalty notices (FPNs) over the Cabinet Room birthday party, along with the Prime Minister's wife Carrie. Downing Street is braced for the Prime Minister to receive further FPNs for other events he attended - police are investigating 12 alleged lockdown-busting parties and Mr Johnson is thought to have been present at half of them.