Footballing legend David Beckham has taken to Instagram to share a sneaky shot of his wife Victoria Beckham's peachy behind as she did her daily workout routine. The father-of-four, 46, posted the picture of Victoria's rear in honour of her turning 48 two days ago and later penned a more heartfelt tribute to his wife-of-22-years on his Instagram feed. In view of his 72.4 million followers, the sportsman posted the sneaky shot of Victoria's peachy bum. In the pic, the fashion designer could be seen stretching in an all-black ensemble which revealed her trim, athletic figure. Taking from the back, David wrote: "I mean [peach emoji]. "Birthday girl @victoriabeckham," he added. READ MORE: Queer Eye star blasts royal who 'asked Harry about baby's skin colour' David's story dedicated to admiring his wife's behind comes after he sent her a personalised, tongue-in-cheek birthday card. The ex-footballer gifted his wife a hilarious card that featured a snap of Victoria passed out on the bathroom floor as the front cover. Despite the star's face not being visible on the card, Victoria confirmed it was her as she shared a snap to her stories. She captioned the picture: "Sleepover with the toilet! Yes this is me! I love my birthday card @davidbeckham." In a later post, David posted another tribute to Victoria as he shared a romantic snap of them kissing. David penned: "Happy Birthday to the most amazing wife , mummy & Business woman. "Have the most amazing day because you deserve to x We all love you so much," he wrote alongside a red heart. "@victoriabeckham @brooklynpeltzbeckham @romeobeckham @cruzbeckham #HarperSeven," he added. DON'T MISS... Bucks Fizz's Jay Aston's daughter hospitalised amid meningitis battle [INSIGHT]Prince Harry’s life with no privacy ‘very hard’, Iwan Thomas says [ANALYSIS]Nick Knowles, 59, cosies up to new girlfriend, Katie Dadzie, 31 [UPDATE] The star shared a love-up snap of himself and Victoria standing on a beach next to a blazing fire as they shared an affectionate smooch. Donning a white mini dress, the former Spice Girl showcased her incredible figure in the tight-fitting garment as well as her perfectly toned pins. It comes as the pair are set to celebrate their 23rd wedding anniversary in July this year. Victoria and David met in 1997 and went on to marry two years later and have four children together. Most recently, the Beckham's celebrated their eldest son Brooklyn's wedding to American model and actress Nicola Peltz, 27. Victoria dazzled in a bespoke silver dress made out of satin which had been fashioned at her London atelier. Her and David could be seen walking hand in hand on their way to witness the nuptials as her husband donned a tuxedo and bow tie. Taking to Instagram, the star revealed that the dress took six of her team members five days to make for the special event.