Former Manchester United defender Mikael Silvestre hopes Erik ten Hag can emulate Sir Alex Ferguson's uprise in reputation at Old Trafford. The Frenchman has pinpointed the biggest challenge Ten Hag must conquer to succeed after leaving his post at Ajax for the daunting task this summer. Silvestre thrived at United under Sir Alex, making 361 appearances and winning 10 trophies, including four Premier League titles and the Champions League, across nine seasons. And he has high hopes for Ten Hag, who will replace Ralf Rangnick and become the club's fifth permanent manager after the iconic boss' 2013 retirement. Sir Alex faced plenty of scrutiny over whether he was fit for the job in the early stages of his career in the Old Trafford dugout before leading United to 38 trophies throughout a 27-year tenure. Silvestre wants Ten Hag to follow the same path as the Scotsman and boost his reputation by achieving consistent success on the pitch. He told Genting Casino: "He isn't a massive name, and when Sir Alex joined the club as manager, he wasn't a big name. I hope that he can follow in Alex's footsteps and Erik's name is huge when he eventually leaves United. That, for me, would be the best-case scenario. It would be amazing." JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel shares advice from Man Utd's Ralf Rangnick Silvestre believes the most prominent task Ten Hag will face upon his arrival is getting his signings right after a decade of miscalculated recruitment in M16. The Red Devils are developing a new-look recruitment team after Ed Woodward's exit, which could prompt a shift in transfer strategy. "The biggest [challenge] is to make the right signings," Silvestre continued. "The first few signings will be super important because they will set the tone for what he wants to do and the direction that he wants to take. That is going to be a challenge because he will have to go away from what everyone is looking at - the next superstar - because that is not what United need at the moment." READ MORE: Real Madrid star Asensio's stance on leaving amid strong Arsenal links "They need solid, competitive, loyal, intelligent players. I think he can do that [play with an attacking style]. The big difference between the Premier League and the Dutch league is the speed of the game and the intensity. It's down to player selection of course, but his philosophy should work at United. No doubt." Rangnick will enter a two-year advisory role after stepping down as interim at the end of the season, whilst the club are searching for a deputy football director to assist John Murtough. The Red Devils' two leading scouts, Jim Lawlor and Marcel Bout, also recently departed. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.