Birmingham City are reportedly bracing themselves for Premier League and European interest in 17-year-old midfield prodigy George Hall. A host of scouts from the top divisions in Europe were reportedly present at England U18s’ recent fixtures against Sweden and Denmark. The Young Lions overcame the Swedes 3-2 in a pulsating contest, before overturning a three-goal deficit to draw 3-3 with Denmark in the proceeding match at the Marbella football centre. But while a host of young talent was on full display, many eyes were reportedly on Hall. In November, Hall signed his first professional deal with Birmingham, before making his full senior debut for the Championship side on January 2. Similarly to the way in which Borussia Dortmund and England ace Jude Bellingham surged through the Blues, Hall has been tipped for similar success. Despite only being one year older than Hall, Bellingham has already six goals and 13 assists for Dortmund in 38 appearances for the Bundesliga giants, as well as 12 senior England caps. And reports from the Daily Mail understand the Blues are anticipating a similar transfer tug of war for Hall. READ MORE: Kane tipped to get better as Hart lifts lid on 'lunatic' striker Leeds United, Southampton, and many clubs in the Bundesliga are believed to be monitoring his progression in the Championship. While the 17-year-old has not been able to add to his one appearance in the second division, he has contributed an impressive three goals in nine Premier League 2 appearances. However, there is an underlying feeling that the football world has only seen the tip of the iceberg of Hall’s abilities, as he has been deployed on both wings, as a striker, and as an advanced and defensive midfielder. DON'T MISSMan Utd may have key advantage in Kane fight with priority clearDybala warned over £8.4m wage demands with Arsenal and Tottenham keenTottenham's Doherty shares how Mourinho almost made him quit club Many already believe he is destined to walk in the same footsteps as Bellingham, who was signed by Dortmund for £25m in the 2020 summer transfer window when he was only 17. Birmingham U18 coach Martyn Olorenshaw, who was present during Bellingham’s incredible development, also stated Hall was a player to watch when he signed his first deal in November. “It is really positive, he has been in the programme since pre-academy, to get a boy all the way through is a massive pat on the back for everybody involved either now or previously in George’s journey," Olorenshaw said. “He is an attacking midfielder with an ability to create and score goals. He is explosive, dynamic and has the prowess to influence games. He is a really exciting player that has the ceiling to achieve whatever he wants to achieve. “He has received international recognition recently which is a huge achievement, a testament to all his hard work and a reflection of his character."