A Manchester United supporters group are plotting a fresh protest against the club's ownership, spearheaded by the Glazers, after a disappointing defeat against Everton. The Red Devils are heading into a crucial few months which looks set to trigger sweeping changes to the playing squad and coaching staff. United fans were struck by another dismal showing in a 1-0 defeat at Goodison Park on Saturday. The Toffees went into the game off the back of three consecutive defeats as they battle against Premier League relegation, but a goal from Anthony Gordon was enough to send the visitors back to Manchester with nothing. The result seems to have killed off any lingering hopes that United can mount a late charge for a top-four finish as Tottenham sit six points ahead with just seven games to play. Failure to qualify for next season's Champions League puts extra emphasis on this summer, when a new manager is expected to spark a squad reshuffle. The Glazers have an important say in both departments which will not please United fans who, broadly, have shown no faith in their owners since they took over in 2005. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo left boy 'bruised' after smashing phone as mum of Everton fan speaks out On Sunday, supporters group The 1958 shared details of a fresh anti-Glazer protest along with the following statement: "Nothing will change until the head of the snake is removed. It's rotten and starts from the top down like any other business. The club's a mess so we need to act and raise awareness again." United fans have held a longstanding grudge against the Glazers stemming from their leveraged acquisition of the club 17 years ago, and the distrust kicked up several notches last year when they became one of the key figures in the ill-fated and hugely unpopular European Super League fiasco. DON'T MISS  Poor recruitment and a general lack of success since Sir Alex Ferguson's departure as manager have also left fans wanting more. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick is the latest to struggle after club legend Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was given his marching orders earlier in the season, while Erik ten Hag is reportedly next in line to be given a shot. After a dreadful defeat at the hands of the Toffees, Red Devils hero Gary Neville shared another grim view on his former employers on his podcast. "I've got very few words left for Manchester United," he admitted.   "No anger, no comment anymore. They are a bit of a farce; you almost expect it from them. The players are taking Ralf Rangnick down with them. They are bad. "They've got to get to the end of the season as quickly as possible. The reality is that any kind of performance in the last week against Leicester and Everton and they would have been in top four, but they haven't got the spirit or the fight."