 Rahm went into this year’s Masters as the favourite to win the Green Jacket. In order to claim victory however the Spanish golfer, who is reigning US Open champion, will need to beat a star studded field that includes golf legend Woods. Woods has already defied his doubters just by taking part in the tournament, with the golfer involved in a major car crash last year on a stretch of road just outside Los Angeles.  Woods only announced he would return for the Masters on Tuesday, 14 months after having survived the life threatening accident. He explained: ”I never left my hospital bed even to see my living room for three months.” At the time Woods’ leg was at risk of being amputated, and once able to leave his room he was still subjected to months in a wheelchair. After a series of surgeries to bolt together his leg with “rods and plates and screws” as well months of rehab, Woods took part in his first round of competitive golf in 508 days on Thursday.  If Rahm is to claim victory, and his second major, he would need to deny Woods a fairytale end to an already incredible comeback story. Rahm, who grew up admiring Woods, showed his own incredible fortitude to beat the US athlete on the final day of the 2018 Ryder Cup. The Spanish golfer secured a victory over Woods 2&1 to give Team Europe a 12-and-a-half to nine-and-a-half lead over Team USA at Le Golf National in Paris. That tournament Woods endured an indifferent few days, failing to score a single point.  Nevertheless Rahm, who was competing in his first Ryder Cup, was visibly emotional upon sinking the decisive putt. Rahm, who was mobbed by team mate Rory McIlroy, dedicated the victory to his late-grandfather and the late Sevé Ballesteros. Speaking to Sky Sports he said: “There is a lot going on right now. “This was for Sevé and for my grandfather, who would have loved to have been here today. Don't Miss:Tiger Woods and Sergio Garcia’s furious 14-year feud recapped[OPINION]Tiger Woods was left 'so p***** off' after Muhammad Ali punched him[INSIGHT]Jon Rahm: Remarkable footage of 'greatest hole-in-one in history' [ANALYSIS]  “He passed away at the PGA [Championship]. “To beat Tiger Woods, who is one of the greatest of all time, if not the greatest, on a Sunday, in the best feeling of my life.” Woods burst onto the scene in 1997 winning the Masters aged 21 while setting a record score. Rahm has admitted he read Woods’ book on that first Masters’ victory, and added that the US golfer was on his mind when he claimed his first major last year.  Speaking to Golf about his Ryder Cup win against the 15-time major winner, Rahm said: “All year long I was looking forward to the day I was going to play with Tiger Woods, and it didn’t happen until singles at the Ryder Cup. “It wasn’t the best time because there’s a lot that comes into play with Tiger, a lot of memories I have, as he is one of the people I grew up idolising. “I played the 16, 17 without looking at him. I realised that if I don’t look at him, if I pretend I’m playing alone, it’s just me, then it would be easier to deal with.” On sealing the victory, Rahm said: “People don’t realise how big a moment it was for me. “It was the first time I’d ever played with him. And right before I hit that putt someone yelled, ‘Do it for Sevé!’ In Spanish.  “So I was like ‘whoa’, as if that putt wasn’t important enough? “It wasn’t until I made that putt that [I felt] the emotion of winning because I was containing myself all day long trying to keep it under control.” During an embrace from his teammates he noticed Woods approach him for a congratulatory handshake. Rahm said: “He was coming towards me with a smile. I mean I started crying, tears started coming out of my eyes. “It meant an incredible moment then and it still does. It’s going to be tough to beat that moment in my life.”