Prince Harry has sat down for a rare interview with the US broadcaster NBC's TODAY to open up all about fatherhood. Harry has welcome two children with his wife Meghan Markle since they got married in 2018. During the exclusive interview, the Duke spoke about one trait that his eldest child, son Archie, shares with himself - his "cheekiness". The clip was posted on the Today Show's official Twitter account. Speaking to journalist Hoda Kotb, Prince Harry said: "Archie spends more time interrupting our Zoom calls than anybody else". Ms Kotb asks the Duke: "Does he have your personality?" Before he could answer, the Duke said "He also gets us off them [calls] which is nice." The journalist followed up asking: "Is he [Archie] a little bit like you, has he got a little bit of your thing?" The pair laughed and Harry asked her, "What's my thing?" to which Ms Kotb said: "Your cheeky thing that you do". READ MORE: Royal POLL: Would you welcome Harry and Meghan back to live in the UK permanently? Harry admitted: "Yes, I think so." He added: "Look, I always try and keep that, cheekiness is what keeps you alive." The Duke then spoke candidly about life, adding that "there's so much to be happy about in the outside world but there's also so much to worry about". The couple welcomed Archie into the world in May 2019, followed by their daughter Lilibet in 2021. Prince Harry is currently in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. Meghan joined him for the first few days, but has since travelled back to the US. READ MORE: 'Responsibility I feel' Prince Harry 'trying to make world better' for Archie and Lilibet The recent visit to the UK and the Netherlands was the first overseas trip that the couple have taken together. Prince Harry has made two past UK pitstops since announcing they were stepping down as senior royals. During their visit to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, the Sussexes were followed by a camera crew. The crew were reportedly filming a Netflix documentary about the games, called Heart of Invictus. Reports have claimed that Harry will appear on camera and be credited as an executive producer on the series, which will be produced by Archewell productions.