Defence chiefs believe Beijing agents are responsible for 18 drone sightings at military sights and power stations across the UK in just two years. Details of the drone activity were uncovered through a Freedom of Information request. The drone sightings happened between 2019 and 2021 but details of the military bases were withheld for defence and national security reasons. One nuclear site's report reads: "Security personnel reported a drone being flown close to a facility." While another said: "Drone landed in the area and secured by security personnel." A third reads: "Officer reported seeing a drone flying. No drone located upon further search."   One of the sites thought to be targeted is the nuclear sub base in Faslane, Scotland – the most sensitive military establishment in the UK. It is home to Trident submarines and nuclear weapons are stored at the Royal Naval Armament Depot on the same base. Drone sightings are also said to have been recorded at the Atomic Weapons Establishment in Aldermaston, Berkshire, where nuclear warheads are designed and made. It comes following warnings from intelligence chiefs that China is intent on stealing our most sensitive secrets. READ MORE: Russia allies: India unlikely to abandon Putin but all could change  Lieutenant Colonel Philip Ingram, a former intelligence officer, warned that the Chinese could target other sectors through their "sophisticated espionage programme" that operates in the UK. He said: "The Chinese have a very mature and sophisticated espionage programme running throughout the UK. "Business, academic research, leading manufacturers, supply chains, politicians, police, the military and other civil servants and more are all targets. "Many will have been compromised, often without realising what has happened." DON'T MISS Britain in crackdown on imports from China [REVEAL] UK sends AS90 Howitzer tanks and 20 artillery guns to Ukraine [INSIGHT] Putin reign of terror rages – nursery and orphanage attacked [REPORT] All nuclear weapons sites and power stations are guarded by armed Ministry of Defence Police officers. These officers are allowed to shoot to kill if the bases come under attack. The Ministry of Defence said: “We have robust security measures in place at all defence sites, including nuclear bases, to respond to all such incidents. “While we cannot comment on specific security arrangements or procedures, we continue to invest in a range of measures to tackle future threats, including counter-drone technology.” News of this discovery comes follows a disclosure made earlier this year that said Chinese spying in the UK was now MI5’s top priority. One intelligence source told The Sunday People: "China is intent on stealing British secrets. There is a network of Chinese spies in the UK and they will use any means necessary to steal classified information. "We know they have been targeting very sensitive establishments such as military bases and nuclear power stations by using drones."