Marta Kostyuk has explained the decision taken by herself and other Ukrainian players including Elina Svitolina to demand Russian players denounce Putin and the war or be banned from competition. The calls came after Wimbledon confirmed all athletes from Russia and Belarus would be banned from the tournament this year as a result of the invasion of Ukraine. On Wednesday, Kostyuk joined several other Ukrainian players in posting a statement on social media that asked the ATP, WTA and ITF to question their colleagues from Russia and Belarus on whether they would denounce Putin and the war, and said: “If applicable, we demand to exclude and ban Russian and Belarusian athletes from competing in any international event, as Wimbledon already done. There comes a time when silence is betrayal, and that time is now.” The WTA world No 52 said she and her fellow Ukrainians were “shocked” when they were ignored by their Russian and Belarusian counterparts in the aftermath of the invasion of their home country, initially looking for a “private” way to demand a ban on those who failed to denounce the war. But after Wimbledon took the decision to bar all players from the two nations, the Ukrainians spoke out publicly on Wednesday. Explaining the statement, the 19-year-old said: “I'll start with the backstory of the statement. At first we didn't know what to do. It was a week before all players come to Indian Wells. We had a lot of friends among Russian tennis players. We spent time together on Tour. We saw each other all the time. Because we did not know their reaction to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, we were in solidarity with them. We expected that in Indian Wells they would run up to us and say: ‘What a horror. We are all shocked. Maybe you need some help’.” JUST IN: Djokovic battles through another scare to reach Serbia Open semi-final  The Kiev-born teenager revealed that the Ukrainians had initially asked for Russian players to be banned when being hurt by their lack of response in Indian Wells, continuing: “But we came to Indian Wells, and they didn't greet us, they didn't come and talk on a private level. I mean Russians and Belarusians. We were all shocked, it was a horrible feeling. Our first thought - they really do support it all, don't they? “This is at least what their behaviour indicates. Knowing the Russians, the chance of it being true is very high. But we had no confirmation. We went to the WTA office, still being emotional, saying, "They need to be excluded from the competition. They are not doing anything to stop it". Reaction to our concern? No reaction at all. No investigation. This is what shocked us even more. “It felt like we were alone in this against everyone. Nobody was on our side, but Poles and Czechs. Publicly they supported us. You come across so many walls you should destroy that at some point you realise there is nothing you can achieve. Besides, off the court this emotional wave becomes a bit lower, because you only cross paths with Russians on Tour. It is hard to be constantly in this hatred.” DON'T MISSDjokovic told what he needs for French Open after ending losing streakNadal shares new training footage as Spaniard aims for Madrid comebackAlcaraz eclipses Djokovic, Nadal and Federer as stunning stat emerges  The former world No 49 said that the Ukrainian players stopped waiting for a private solution following Wimbledon’s decision to ban all Russian and Belarussians from The Championships, recognising that there would be a heavy focus on the subject. Kostyuk added: “And all this time, all these weeks we connected lawyers, talked to representatives of different structures. They were looking for a way to do all this in private, they dragged on to the last detail. “When there were rumours this morning that Wimbledon would ban Russians and Belarusians, we realised that there would be a lot of talk about it. So it is time to express our clear stance. Our position was always like this, we just didn't make it public.” Since Kostyuk and her compatriots shared the statement, fellow Ukrainian Elina Svitolina has admitted that the players would be happy for their Russian and Belarusian colleagues to compete at Wimbledon if they spoke out against their government and the war. “I think this is the right thing to do. Because if for example they didn’t choose, they didn’t vote for this government then it’s fair that they will be allowed to play and compete,” she told the BBC on Thursday. 