The fact is, Labour has zero idea what to do about the 37,000 people who entered this country illegally on migrant boats last year. Keir Starmer's brilliant idea was: "Ask France for help." DOH! We've done that. We've asked for their help, we've begged for it, we've even paid millions for it and Macron just sticks two fingers up at us. I'm just going to say this straight - this human trafficking trade across the Channel has to be stopped. It's a security risk, it's a strain on public services, it encourages illegal immigration and quite frankly the British people are sick of their intelligence being insulted by the lie that all those arriving here are desperate refugees fleeing persecution. They're not. The vast majority of them are economic migrants, young men of military age looking for a better life in Britain. Well, sorry, they can't all have it courtesy of the British taxpayer. They have to be stopped and this one-way ticket to Rwanda scheme could be the perfect deterrent both for economic th sc d migrants and the traffickers, especially as Boris is deploying the Navy to intercept the boats. But the hand-wringing Lefties and "progressives" screaming about racism and cruelty - these are people who don't want ANY controls on immigration. They want our borders flung open to all comers, not giving a stuff about how it's paid for or what others in this democratic country feel about it. And so they hide their hatred of ALL immigration rules behind this confected outrage about Rwanda, which in the past 20 years has undergone a massive economic boom thanks to its government's progressive vision and rapid industrialisation. The fact is - whatever's on offer - most migrants want to come to Britain, which is why this Rwanda scheme is vital. Because those with no bone fide asylum claim won't want to spend £3,000 and risk their lives coming here if they're going to end up 4,000 miles away in Africa. It's called a deterrent and until now there hasn't been one. What we've done is basically welcome everyone with open arms and - even if we don't believe their stories of "persecution"- we pay for them to stay here anyway. Well enough! The new scheme means those migrants being flown out will no longer have any claim for asylum here but will be offered a new life in Rwanda.  They will initially be taken to what looks like a luxury hotel in the Rwandan capital - but is actually a new hostel set in lush gardens - where their applications will be processed. They'll be given three meals a day and will be free to go where they choose.When their applications are approved, they'll be provided with accommodation by the Rwandan government. Not a bad deal if you're fleeing persecution or just looking for a new life. And all the people screaming "cruelty" over this really need to pipe down. The British are a caring and compassionate people - our recent reaction to refugees fleeing Afghanistan and Ukraine is testament to that. And even with this new scheme we're still paying for economic migrants, who have nothing to do with us and who we have no responsibility for, to have the new life they crave - just not here. Genuine asylum seekersWILL be allowed to stay here. None of that is cruel, nasty or racist. Our immigration system is a shambles. In its current form it rewards criminality and encourages people to risk their lives. It's also a huge security risk (a quarter of all foreign nationals convicted of an Islamist terror offence in Britain either claimed or were granted asylum here). Every single day the Home Office spends £5million of YOUR money on hotel bills for asylum seekers in Britain. If successful, this Rwandan scheme will deter traffickers and economic migrants. And forget the hand-wringers, if Boris makes this work he'll have the vast majority of Brits on his side.  When I heard that Harry and Meghan had secretly flown to the UK to see the Queen my first thought was - "they want something". Had it been purely a family visit, to try to heal old wounds (although if I was Her Maj I'd have told them to sod off), they'd have brought the kids, especially the baby she's never seen who was given the Queen's pet name, Lilibet, without asking her first. I don't believe the Sussexes, spotted at Frogmore House this week, came here because the Queen is 96 next week and in failing health, or because they wanted to apologise to Prince Charles - who they've barely spoken to in two years - for the appalling way they've treated him. Or to make amends with William, who had to publicly defend the Royal Family against their shocking accusations of racism. No, I think they came because Harry was already in Europe for the Invictus Games which started yesterday in Holland and they'd have looked spiteful, loathsome and cold-hearted had they not visited the Queen. And I still think they want something.  When Northern Ireland Women's Football team were thrashed 5-0 by England in this week's World Cup Qualifier, their manager Kenny Shiels said the team's collapse was because women were more "emotional" than men and they "didn't take goals going in very well." Hang on - I'd say male footballers are pretty damned emotional when things don't go their way too. They shout, they swear, they rant, they stamp their feet, they wave their arms about and they're forever squaring up to each other when they're upset. And they cry - Gazza's done it, John Terry, Ronaldo, Thierry Henry to name but a few. Which makes them pretty emotional. But why is men's emotion seen as strength and women's as weakness? Men and women in sport get "emotional" because they care deeply about it and want to win. Gender's got nowt to do with it. I'm sure Shiels didn't mean to come across as a patronising, chauvinist pig about his players - but he did!  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Will Young, who won Pop Idol 20 years ago and was recently Lionfish in The Masked Singer, is a self-confessed porn, booze and shopping addict with anger issues. This week he announced he's lost weight by quitting the booze and cutting down on ciggies. Who cares? This overrated singer, who believes all his problems stem from watching his twin brother being given medical help ten mins after he was born (yeah, right) is forever talking about his problems, his barmy cures for them, his anger, his nervous breakdowns. How about he stops talking and just sings. His floundering career might benefit from it. I love Claire Foy but I think even her own mother might recoil at this outfit. "I've learned to be bold with my choices," says Claire, sporting a pair of murky brown pyjamas with what looks like a custard coloured lobster splattered across them. Well, there are bold choices and there's "Have you lost your tiny mind?" choices. These jammies are the latter - not even fit for bed! Holly Willoughby says she suffers from "massive imposter syndrome". In an interview this week she talks about how scared she was taking over This Morning from Fern Britton. She talks about a "dreadful interview" with Gordon Brown (yep, it WAS dreadful). And she says she doesn't think she was talented enough to do the job. She wasn't the only one!   Joan Collins, 88, says she thinks it's misogynistic to call a woman a bitch. I agree entirely but it does beg the question - if she hates the word so much and the sentiment behind it why, back in 1979, did she star in a movie called The Bitch?