Tottenham have a number of players on their shortlist to give Antonio Conte what he wants in defence with Josko Gvardiol named as one target for the summer. It's been reported that RB Leipzig will be looking for a fee in the region of £42million to tempt them into selling. But that appears to be a bargain price compared to his 'estimated value', according to a recent report from CIES Football Observatory. Conte has adopted his favoured three-at-the-back formation since taking over at Tottenham with Cristian Romero, Eric Dier and Ben Davies the favoured starters in his system. Davinson Sanchez and Joe Rodon are currently the back-up options at Tottenham, but Conte's No 1 transfer priority this summer is to bolster his choices in defence. Alessandro Bastoni has been touted as an option for Tottenham with the 22-year-old having previously worked with Conte at Inter Milan. But Gvardiol is also said to be on Tottenham's shortlist with the Leipzig defender impressing in the Bundesliga. The Croatia international only made his Leipzig debut this season after being loaned out to Dinamo Zagreb last year but has quickly established himself as a first-team regular and is a key part of their fight for a top-four spot. JUST IN: Ray Parlour singles out three Spurs stars in Paul Merson disagreement  At just 20 years of age, Gvardiol is already seen as one of the most highly-rated youngsters in world football. But Leipzig's £42m valuation may prove to be a bargain compared to his true estimated market value. The report claims, of all players under the age of 23 and made their big-five league debut this season, Gvardiol is by far the most valuable player on the list. His estimated value is said to be around £80m - almost double the price Tottenham may be able to sign him for this summer. DON'T MISS  Leipzig also have Hungarian starlet Dominik Szoboszlai on the books, who is the second most expensive player on the list with a value of £50m. At £42m, Gvardiol would still be Tottenham's second-most expensive signing of all time following the £54m club record fee spent on Tanguy Ndombele. But if Gvardiol's estimated value is anything to go by, the deal would present a bargain for Conte in getting the central defender he wants. Meanwhile, Chelsea may have missed a trick on Marc Guehi with the 21-year-old valued at around £41.8m. Guehi failed to break into Chelsea's first team and was eventually sold to Crystal Palace last summer for £18m. The defender's impressive displays for Palace saw Guehi earn his first senior England call-up last month and he made his debut in the 2-1 win over Switzerland.