The war in Ukraine has continued for nearly two months now, without a decisive Russian victory - or the swift capture of Kyiv as Putin is believed to have wanted. Now Russian forces have fully withdrawn from around the Ukrainian capital, and have moved their attention to the south-east of the country, near the Russian border and Russian-controlled Crimea.  Yesterday (Thursday), Oleksiy Arestovych, an adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, decried the new offensive by Russia. In a televised address, he said: “Russia’s political leadership is driving its troops to their death to reach the administrative borders of Luhansk and Donetsk.” Putin’s apparent military shortcomings so far, compounded by domestic outcry over the conflict, has led to speculation he may have altered his original objectives for the war. Last week, the Russian leader said his military would “achieve [all] their goals” set out as part of the “special military intervention”, according to a Turkish news agency.  READ MORE: Putin 'likely wants to escalate' Ukraine war — Russian leader’s plans However, he claimed the “main goal” of the operation has always been “to help the people in Donbas” - the area that contains two separatist regions that are the focus of the latest offensives. The Russian-backed separatist regions, Donetsk and Luhansk, had attempted to break away following the annexation of Crimea in 2014. Whereas the initial full-frontal assault on Ukraine this year suggested Russia may be looking to annex the entire country, the Russian military’s new attack could be intended to secure control of these lands near the border. Russian and Ukrainian delegations have been meeting for peace negotiations since the early phases of the conflict, but have so far yielded no meaningful agreements.  Now, Western officials fear that Putin may be looking to seize control of the regions in order to force Ukraine to agree to a peace deal. Yesterday, a European official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Putin had shifted his attention towards capturing the entirety of the Donbas region, according to multiple outlets. The area is roughly half controlled by Russian forces; most of Luhansk is already controlled by Russian forces. The official reportedly said that Putin’s four objectives include building a land bridge from the Donbas region to Crimea via the heavily besieged Mariupol, and taking control of Kherson.  DON'T MISSEasyjet 11-hour nightmare flight lands back in Bristol [INSIGHT]EU fury as bloc arms Russian war machine [REACTION]Russians in 'denial' over war crimes in Ukraine, recording suggests [REPORT] The city, to the north-west of Crimea, is said to be crucial to the transportation of goods to Crimea using canals. The change of tact was already hinted at by Russian General Sergei Rudskoi, who said that the Russian military had successfully “reduced” the Ukrainian armed forces. This “makes it possible to focus on the main efforts to achieve the main goal, [the] liberation of Donbas”, he added. According to Politico, the European official also said Putin now wanted his military to also create a buffer zone by seizing additional territory, if these are not used in negotiations.  This is an eventuality that Ukraine has anticipated: in March, General Kyrylo Budanov told the Guardian that Putin wishes to create a nation divided by a buffer zone between the north and south. He added that such a move would be “an attempt to create North and South Korea in Ukraine”. Despite Russia’s intention to crowbar parts of Ukraine further into its sphere of influence, Mr Zelensky has retained his fighting spirit. In an interview with CNN on Friday, the Ukrainian President said his country is not willing to give up any of its territory to end the war with Russia.  He added that the Russian leadership had given him no reason to believe that Russia would not use the ground to push further again. The European official reportedly said that Russia would also continue its devastating aerial bombardment of the southern city of Mariupol, which has been the scene of countless civilian deaths. They said: “We do expect the complete destruction of the city and many civilian casualties. “My fear is that it is going to be worse than Bucha.” 