Ms Myskow discussed who the most popular Royal Family member was, and put Meghan Markle and Prince Harry above Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William. The writer then went on to call the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge "lazy", claiming the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were "pushed out" of the royal cart for being overly popular with people.  Channel 5 host Jeremy Vine said: "And the only thought that I've got is that there is something going on with his mother's memory. "Because... He's got this imprint that Diana basically decided to leave the whole show, and he's done the same. "He's followed his mum out the door." Ms Myskow added: "It's not as straightforward as that, he was pushed out because he and Meghan were far too popular and they were threatening the popularity of William and Kate. JUST IN: Prince William must 'temper' meeting with Harry and Meghan after 'intentional damage' Mr Vine added: "I think that's true Andrew, isn't it?" Co-panellist Andrew Peirce said: "No I don't, I think William and Kate are easily the most popular royals after the Queen...by a country mile, by a country mile." Ms Myskow hit back: "The popularity went, the Queen and then Harry, and then when Harry and Meghan... When Meghan came along it was the Queen, Harry, Meghan. "And William and Kate at that point were lingering up in Norfolk somewhere, they were slacking off. READ MORE:Rwanda plan is ‘long overdue’ to thwart callous people traffickers, insists Tory stalwart "They were slacking off, they weren't working as royals." Mr Peirce added: "This is a travesty, a travesty." Ms Myskow said: "It's not a travesty, there's absolute truth and then they were told to get their act together."  Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliamss sat down on the To Di For Daily podcast last month to discuss the situation between the two brothers. Mr Fitzwilliams said that he sees “no rift being healed” in the future. He said: “In my view, both brothers were inseparable, and there’s no doubt that one of the tragedies is that they’ve taken very, very different roads. “And I see no, no rift being healed, unfortunately, because what you’re looking at now is a memoir that Harry is writing that’s coming out in the autumn now. “The problem is what is going to be in that book. Mr Fitzwilliams added: "It’s very difficult after Oprah, which is just over a year ago, and I thought it was so destructive, and also open to different interpretations, and they were full of inaccuracies, in a lot of it. “As the Queen said, so well, although there was very little she could say the damage had been done… ‘Some recollections may vary.’”  