Robert Pattinson may have been introduced as the new Dark Knight in The Batman, but across the DC multiverse other variants of Bruce Wayne continue to exist. Next year, Ezra Miller will star in The Flash, portraying the same Barry Allen he played in Justice League. In his universe, Ben Affleck is still the Caped Crusader and is set to return with him in the time -ravelling blockbuster, but for how long? Rumours have been rife that Affleck’s Batman will kick the bucket in The Flash, giving him an apt ending after a rocky tenure as the Dark Knight in some not that fondly remembered outings. Zack Snyder’s Justice League cut was an improvement for sure, but will his swan song as Bruce Wayne go the same way as Daniel Craig’s James Bond in No Time To Die? Take this with a pinch of salt, but Geekosity’s sources previously claimed that Affleck’s Caped Crusader would die because The Flash is set to erase the timeline of the Snyder movies. However, as is often the case on Hollywood sets, the alleged scoop now is that the filmmakers have since changed the script. Apparently, and remember this is all just speculation at this point, Affleck’s Batman survives The Flash. On top of that, it’s claimed that the new movie won’t erase the Snyderverse, following a recent screening at Warner Bros. As for Batfleck’s future in the DC Extended Universe, it’s possible his timeline has changed so that he’s a version of Bruce Wayne who didn’t become Batman. After all, Michael Keaton is back as the Dark Knight in the movie, so perhaps The Flash’s meddling with the timeline created a reality where he’s the Caped Crusader from another reality instead. There are even rumours that Affleck’s Wayne could be misplaced in time, in a future where he’s trying to reach back and contact The Flash. Whatever the case, this coincides with rumours that Henry Cavill’s Superman is being replaced by Sasha Calle’s Supergirl after the timeline changes. Screen Geek reports that Zod ends up killing Kal-El as a baby, so his cousin ends up taking the mantle instead. Kara Danvers aka Kara Zor-El would in turn be the last survivor of Krypton instead. DON'T MISSThe Batman 2: Director speaks out on The Joker's future [THE BATMAN 2]Batman: New UK poll reveals Britain's favourite Dark Knight actor [BATMAN POLL]The Flash: Two Justice League members ‘joining Ben Affleck’s Batman’ [THE FLASH] How exactly Gal Gadot’s Wonder Woman 3 and Jason Mamoa’s Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom fit into all this is anyone’s guess. However, there are rumblings that both stars have cameos in The Flash, so perhaps they’ll play variants of their Justice League superheroes. The big question is, are Warner Bros making this all up as they go along and seeing what works or do they have an Endgame? Perhaps a bit of both. The Flash hits cinemas on June 23, 2023. SOURCE SOURCE