After breaking the MCU movie record for the shortest window between a teaser trailer’s debut and cinematic release, Thor Love and Thunder’s first trailer finally arrived on Easter Monday. Among all the cosmic landscapes, there was a shot of King Valkyrie wearing a suit in some sort of board meeting in New Asgard on Earth. Marvel fans have managed to spot a reference to this exact scene in Spider-Man: No Way Home, which hit cinemas last Christmas. Reddit user l_l_l-illiam posted a shot of the SBN news channel in Spider-Man: No Way Home reporting the Tower Bridge battle between Peter Parker and Mysterio in Spider-Man: Far From Home. In a blink-and-you’ll-miss-it moment, the smaller print scroll for other news reads: “Political turmoil continues in New Asgard as Z-…” Surely this must be referencing the scene in that shot from the Thor Love and Thunder trailer? As pointed out by one fan in the comments there’s a sign in the room that reads: “Renewable Energy Conference” implying there could be an energy crisis for the MCU. More clues for Thor Love and Thunder’s mysterious plot can be found in a newly released plot synopsis. This reads: “The film finds Thor (Chris Hemsworth) on a journey unlike anything he's ever faced – a quest for inner peace. But his retirement is interrupted by a galactic killer known as Gorr the God Butcher (Christian Bale), who seeks the extinction of the gods. To combat the threat, Thor enlists the help of King Valkyrie (Tessa Thompson), Korg (Taika Waititi) and ex-girlfriend Jane Foster (Natalie Portman), who – to Thor's surprise – inexplicably wields his magical hammer, Mjolnir, as the Mighty Thor. Together, they embark upon a harrowing cosmic adventure to uncover the mystery of the God Butcher's vengeance and stop him before it's too late.” Not a lot was given away by the Thor Love and Thunder teaser, with scenes featuring the Guardians of the Galaxy suggesting they could be from near the beginning of the movie. After all, we last left the Asgardian flying off into space with the ragtag team of misfits, but it doesn’t look like they’ll be hanging around for that long. It’s also worth pointing out that any more footage from the movie could be a spoiler for Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, which is released beforehand. Perhaps the next trailer will land in the end credits scene of the latter with all sorts of spoilers. DON'T MISSThor Love and Thunder is ‘crazy wild’ and ‘pushes Marvel's boundaries' [THOR LOVE AND THUNDER]Doctor Strange 2 ad drops massive Tobey Maguire Spider-Man Easter Egg [DOCTOR STRANGE 2]Doctor Strange 2: ‘More surprises than Endgame, No Way Home combined’ [DOCTOR STRANGE 2] One theory is that Bale’s Gorr the God Butcher will have to battle multiples Thors, as he did in the comics. One was a young Thor from the Viking Age, another the present day one and the last being an elderly King Thor. And then there’s Jane Foster’s The Mighty Thor to contend with – is she a variant from the Multiverse of Madness? Not long to find out now. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hits cinemas on May 5 and Thor Love and Thunder follows on July 8, 2022.