Ms Sandhu discussed Prime Minister Boris Johnson's payment of fines for his rule breaks during the lockdowns of 2020. Mr Johnson has since issued an apology to the British public for his behaviour. Ms Sandhu argued that as the fines have been paid, the topic can be dropped now. The ex-police chief also explained that if Mr Johnson had refused to pay the fines issued to him, he would likely face a court trial. Ms Sandhu told GB News: "Although he's got a fine and it is for criminal behaviour the Prime Minister doesn't have to disclose that when he's applying for new jobs, should he apply for new jobs. "So it is slightly different but had he contested it and said, I'm not going to pay it I want to go to court, then it would have been a different matter. "Then he would have got a proper criminal conviction. "So there is a slight difference, but in relation to the actual fine where he's paid it, that should really now be the end of the matter. Ms Sandhu added: "Because it's the same with Mr Sunak and also Mrs Johnson as well. "So that should be the end of the matter, but what I would say is the police would not have issued these fines unless the evidence was so strong. "That they knew that they were going to win it at court, and that's the only reason they would issue the fines knowing that they could prove them."  Mr Johnson has issued an apology to the British public for his rule breaks. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak refuses to resign as inquiry is launched into ‘damaging’ financial affairs Mr Johnson said: "I have to say, in all frankness, at that time it did not occur to me that this might have been a breach of the rules. But of course, the police have found otherwise and I fully respect the outcome of their investigation." "I now humbly accept that I was. But I think the best thing I can do now is, having settled the fine, is focus on the job at hand. That's what I'm going to do."  DON’T MISS: Le Pen joins Macron in next round despite Eurosceptic Melenchon 'breathing down her neck' Many people around the country are still upset with Mr Johnson and other top senior Tories for the lockdown rule breaks. Sir Keir Starmer, leader of the Labour party took to Twitter to vent after the fines were issued. Like many other Labour party MPs, Mr Starmer called for the resignation of the Prime Minister. Mr Starmer wrote: "Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. They must both resign. The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern. Britain deserves better."