Eamonn Holmes and his GB News co-host Isabel Webster highlighted the struggles many pensioners are currently facing as their pensions have not risen to match the increase in the cost of living. Joined by guests Chris Biggins and Nabila Samdani the panel broke down the fact that some pensioners could face the fact that their £7,800 a year will barely cover their cost and have called on supermarkets to help out more.   Christopher Biggins, 73, shared his concern as a pensioner himself as he read through some of today's news headlines about the crisis. "Everything seems to be going out, and they don't know where they are going to get the money from," he stated. "It's bad enough as the pensions didn't go up, so they have to live on that pension and for some people, that is all they have." Eammon added: "What is that, £7,800 or something a year." Read More: Emmerdale theory: Vanessa Woodfield heartbroken as she discovers Suzy's secret   The talk show host referenced how the average public sector pension was about £7,800 per year, but many pensioners will have private pensions or, depending on contributions, may receive more. Christopher continued: "It's nothing. Inflation I believe, has gone up 6.2 percent, the highest since 1992. "So it is a problem. I mean it's bad enough that we can't heat people's houses, but pensioners really need to be warm and need to have food, I don't know what's going on?" Food banks have been a topic for discussion the last few weeks, ever since electric, gas and petrol prices started to rise.   With many people needing to use them to get by from week to week, Christopher added: "Food banks, I suppose, will just come into power even more than they are." Eamonn chimed in: "They will become normal." Isabel pointed out due to the surge in people visiting food banks, they might not be able to accommodate everyone. She said: "Although they are struggling, aren't they with demand? DON’T MISS…Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles pays tribute to co-star 'She's perfect' [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest in awe as £4 charity shop frame holds valuable abstract painting [LATEST]'Irritates me!' Esther Rantzen: Queen has 'earned right' to have Andrew at her side  [LATEST]   "They are saying food banks are overwhelmed by people expecting help." This prompted TV veteran Eamonn to speak directly to food chains and supermarkets and those who run food collections to look out for local pick up points and neighbourhood groups. He described: "Can I just say to the people who organise collections on behalf of foodbanks, yes the big supermarkets or whatever donate to this, but a lot of people go out of their way in their street to organise collection points. People are very good like that." Christopher concluded: " I think we are a nation of looking after other good people like pensioners, everybody "You work so hard as a person, and you come to a pensionable age, and you think 'I can relax or something and enjoy my life' and they can't. "There is an impossibility of enjoying life." Almost all food banks (99 percent) have seen a surge in demand since the start of the year, according to community-giving platform Neighbourly and Aldi. The Independent Food Aid Network (IFAN) has reached out to the Prime Minister and Chancellor for support. GB News kicks off with Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel on weekdays from 6am.