Now a new study from the University of Florida has said type 2 diabetics can add up to 10 years to their life through one simple act: losing weight. Researchers said the years can be added if the individual with type 2 diabetes is at a healthy weight. Researchers from the University monitored patients between the ages of 50 and 80. They said their findings should encourage individuals to stick to their treatment plans. READ MORE: Longevity: The timing of your evening meal influences lifespan - study  However, there was one caveat to the study. They said gains in life expectancy were relative to the patient's age and weight. PhD student at the university Hamed Kianmehr said of the results: “For individuals with very high levels of blood sugar, blood pressure, cholesterol and BMI, controlling [these] can potentially increase life expectancy by more than ten years.” Furthermore, the researchers wrote: “Our estimated gain in life expectancy was mainly associated with potential reductions in cardiovascular diseases associated with weight loss.”    They added: “A lower BMI was associated with lower risks of heart failure, angina, and re-vascularisation, which in turn was associated with a lower risk of mortality.” Type 2 diabetes is the most common form of diabetes in the UK. Symptoms of the condition include:• Peeing more than usual• Feeling thirsty all the time• Feeling very tired• Losing weight without trying to• Itching around the genitalia• Cuts or wounds taking longer to heal• Blurred vision. Once a person is diagnosed with diabetes there are a number of ways for them to manage the condition. The most common method is through medicine. The NHS says the medicine “helps keep your blood sugar level as normal as possible to prevent health problems". The health body also recommends "adjusting your diet and being active". The NHS recommends at least 150 minutes of exercise per week. However, the more exercise is conducted the greater the benefits, both mentally and physically. Exercise can improve mental health through the release of endorphins. More information about diabetes is available on the NHS website.