Nigel Farage claimed to have handed Donald Trump a dossier containing details of comments  Piers Morgan allegedly said about the former US President before the interview for the Uncensored show. Mr Farage expressed doubts about a recently-released teaser of the interview showing Trump "storming off", claiming that “the interview had been concluded”. The clip released ahead of the broadcast of the interview showed Donald Trump seemingly challenging Piers Morgans, getting up from his chair and walking out.   In a video filmed by himself in response to a teaser clip, Nigel Farage said: “Piers Morgan launches his new show on Monday. “[Piers Morgan] wrote a piece last night saying just before he recorded an interview with Trump he was presented with a dossier which showed the very very unpleasant things he had said about the 45th president in his last few months in office and thereafter “Morgan accused me of putting that document in Trump’s hands. “Is it true? Well here is the truth”.   Mr Farage continued: “A few days ago, Morgan did the interview, I met with Trump and we went out for dinner afterwards. “I said to him 'Morgan has gone around boasting in the UK media telling everybody that he is your friend, that he has got special privileged access, but in fact, behind your back, he has been stitching you up for a long time. “'If you do this interview, here is the truth,' and I gave him a document." Mr Farage added: “Trump clearly was extremely displeased, and the interview, because of that, was not perhaps the friendliest it ever could have been, but here is what makes this worse. READ MORE: One dead and one airlifted to hospital after Manchester stabbing  “The clip they are showing is Trump saying ‘turn off the cameras’, getting up from his chair and walking out. “Let me tell you that headline there is fake news. “The interview had been concluded, it was finished." He said: “They said their thank yous and Trump got up to go to his next appointment. DON'T MISS: Camilla officially swipes major role from Meghan Markle [WATCH]Beaming Queen in her element as she poses with ponies for birthday pic [LISTEN]'Can see it all blow up in their face again' Harry and Meghan warned [INSIGHT]   “[President Trump] been completely and utterly stitched up by Piers Morgans. “It is disgraceful, it is disgusting and I bet Rupert Murdoch is absolutely fuming. “Why would Donal Trump trust Fox News or any Murdoch media empire?" Mr Farage then concluded: “I am not surprised by any of this, but I will tell you the full story at 7 o’clock tonight at GB News about what I said to President Trump and his team about Piers Morgans and other untruths that Morgan has told in the course of the last 24 hours”. 