Manchester City have been warned against signing Erling Haaland by fans of Borussia Dortmund. Haaland looks increasingly likely to join Pep Guardiola's side in the summer transfer window when a release clause becomes active in his contract. City are set to pay Haaland a wage of £500,000 per week, making him the Premier League's highest-paid player. But Dortmund fans believe that is a mistake, given the Norwegian's injury issues this season. One fan said: "Oh dear he will become a bigger flop than Grealish, since his injury he hasn’t been the same, maybe he will be for man city but I doubt that." Another added: "Enjoy Mr. Injury @ManCity." A third added: "All jokes aside he’s an insane talent but 500k a week for him esp. considering his injury record is insane." While another questioned how well he would adapt to England: "Tears in my eyes most money in the Prem for 15 games a season." READ MORE: Haaland's view on Real Madrid as Man City close in on £64m striker Haaland is represented by super-agent Mino Raiola and some highlighted that as a potential issue. One said: "30m per year for ghosting and being injured while 'team Haaland' is talking s**t the whole time." The 21-year-old has missed 16 games in total this season, with a variety of injuries, but has still scored 25 goals in all competitions. That is a scoring return that City hope will come with him from Signal Iduna Park. DON'T MISS: Haaland could still sign for Real Madrid despite Man City 'agreement' (NEWS)Man City 'agreeing Haaland terms' may be bad news for four stars (INSIGHT)Pep Guardiola accused of 'disrespecting Liverpool' in FA Cup decision (ANALYSIS) Despite Haaland's move to the Etihad Stadium appearing increasingly likely, Guardiola has refused to be drawn on the striker's future. Instead, the City boss has insisted his focus remains on the final weeks of the season, with City chasing the Premier League title. "No answer to your question. I have no concern about what will happen in this club next season. I don't know what will happen in the future. We are playing with good strikers and for many years I never talk about transfers, especially when we are playing for this season," he said this week.