In a filing this morning it was revealed Elon Musk has bought over 73 million shares in Twitter giving him a 9.2 percent stake in the company. Based on Twitter's closing price on Friday the deal amounts to just over $2.8 billion (£2.14bn). US markets have yet to reopen on Monday but pre-market trading has seen Twitter's share price soar 26 percent on the news.Mr Musk has been a longstanding, and at times outspoken, user of Twitter whose posts have previously moved markets. In recent weeks he has also become increasingly critical of the firm over concerns over freedom of speech. Writing on Twitter recently he said: "Given that Twitter serves as the de facto public town square, failing to adhere to free speech principles fundamentally undermines democracy. "What should be done?" The post followed a poll in which he asked followers whether they believed Twitter adhered to the principle of free speech, which returned a majority vote of 'no' by 70 percent. At the time he warned: "The consequences of this poll will be important." "Please vote carefully." He also revealed he was giving "serious thought" to the idea of launching his own social media platform. Similar attempts have been made by those disgruntled with Twitter with Donald Trump launching Truth Social earlier this year. So far the former president's app has struggled to break into the market and has seen downloads fall after being beset with technical problems. Mr Musk's stake now makes him the largest single shareholder in Twitter, dwarfing the two percent holding of founder Jack Dorsey. Today's filing was made as a Schedule 13G which under US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules typically applies to passive investors not aiming to engage as activist investors. Hostile takeovers meanwhile usually fall under the separate Schedule 13D. DON'T MISS: Tim Martin slams Rishi Sunak's tax hike as industry 'at its weakest' [INTERVIEW] Petrol prices predicted to fall 8p [INSIGHT] Russia faces latest default test with $2 billion bond [ANALYSIS] Dan Ives, an analyst as Webush, however warned that Mr Musk "had his laser eyes set on Twitter" with the new stake potentially leading to a future "more aggressive ownership role." Mr Musk is currently in a running legal battle with the SEC following an agreement in 2018 that required him to gain pre-approval from other Tesla executives before posting tweets about the company. Last year Mr Musk was subpoenaed by the SEC after asking Twitter followers whether he should sell 10 percent of his Tesla stock, triggering a sell off from panicked investors. In addition to his comments on Tesla, Mr Musk has also impacted the share prices of other companies such as online marketplace Etsy as well as becoming a major force in cryptocurrency markets through his backing of meme coin Dogecoin.