Granit Xhaka has revealed his love for Arsenal and hopes to build a stronger relationship with the club's supporters. The midfielder famously got on the wrong side of the Arsenal fans during a 2-2 draw with Crystal Palace in October 2019. Xhaka, speaking exclusively to The Players’ Tribune, has spoken about how he wants to move on from that incident. The Swiss took an age to walk off the pitch when he was substituted by Unai Emery just minutes after Palace had come back from two goals down to draw level. The Emirates crowd reacted angrily to Xhaka strolling off and booed him, before the player cupped his ear to the crowd and threw his shirt to the ground. He was stripped of the captaincy by Emery and came close to leaving in the January transfer window. But new boss Mikel Arteta convinced him to stay. Xhaka knows he is not a favourite for most Arsenal supporters. READ MORE: Rudiger names two Real Madrid stars with 'individual class' who killed Chelsea  But he insists he wants to build a better rapport with them. Xhaka also says he made the right decision to stay, after also coming close to leaving last summer. He said: "First, I want to make it very clear that I love Arsenal. I always did, and I still do. I will give everything for this club until the day I leave. "I also know that some people do not like me. This is part of football and I get it. DON'T MISSLiverpool have two players at risk of ban in Champions League tie vs Benfica [NEWS]Erik ten Hag ‘reaching Man Utd agreement’ is bad news for five players [OPINION]Chelsea stat shows they should have beaten Real Madrid to reach Champions League semis [STATS]  "Today I know I made the right decision [to stay], absolutely, because I’m still here. But I can’t pretend that my relationship with the fans will ever be the same, because that moment will always be in my heart. "It’s like broken glass, you know? You can piece it together, but the cracks will always be there. "I would like us to have a better relationship. I would like us to understand each other better. That is exactly why I’m telling you all this." Xhaka wants fans to realise how life for a Premier League footballer is not always straightforward despite their hefty wage packet. He added: "I know we players are privileged, but you have to understand that our lives can be very, very difficult, too.  "Of course, you never get to know about our problems, because we never talk, and we never do anything together. To you we are just players running around for 90 minutes and then, 'Goodbye!' But I don’t think this is right. "People say, 'Yeah, but this is your job, you get big money for it.' Yes, I know. But if a family member dies, how do you feel? "What if your wife just had a baby, and tomorrow you have to play a final in Baku? Is that easy? For me, it is not. Yes, money is important, but it is not everything."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here