Liverpool star Mohamed Salah won his second Football Writers’ Association Footballer of the Year award on Friday as he drew level with Manchester United ace Cristiano Ronaldo. Ronaldo won the award twice during his first stint with the Red Devils at the start of his career. The blockbuster duo are fighting to be remembered as the biggest icon in Premier League history. And Express Sport takes a look at which player could be given the honour. Mohamed Salah – The Premier League’s biggest icon? Salah joined Liverpool in 2017 after the Reds shelled out £34million to prise him away from Roma. The forward had previously scored two Premier League goals for Chelsea but failed to establish himself at Stamford Bridge before moving to Italy. Since returning to England, Salah has been unplayable at times and has scored a staggering 117 Premier League goals in 176 games for his current team. And he’s also laid on 49 assists. During his first season on Merseyside, he notched a staggering 32 top flight goals as he won the Premier League golden boot. He then shared the top scorer award in his second season as his 22 strikes were level with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Sadio Mane. And Salah played a starring role as Liverpool won their first ever Premier League title in 2020 as he found the back of the net 19 times that campaign. The Egypt international has spent the best years of his career in the Premier League and supporters have been treated to an abundance of scintillating performances as he’s run defenders ragged. And it’s difficult to argue against Salah being remembered as the biggest icon. READ MORE: Tottenham's Eriksen return hopes boosted as midfielder makes 'preference' clear   Cristiano Ronaldo – the Premier League’s biggest icon? Ronaldo initially joined United as an 18-year-old in 2003 after the Red Devils paid Sporting Lisbon £12m to secure his services. The forward took a while to find his feet but soon became a superstar player in England. Ronaldo struck 84 Premier League goals in 196 appearances during his first spell at Old Trafford as he stayed in Manchester for six years before heading to Real Madrid. But, crucially, Ronaldo’s goals helped United win three Premier League titles. The Portugal forward also won the Premier League golden boot at United - but he only managed to do it on one occasion, in 2008. This season he has racked-up 17 top flight goals and is five strikes behind Salah, who leads the way this season. And that has taken his total Premier League goals tally to 101 - 18 shy of Salah’s total DON'T MISS Roy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]West Ham fans 'attack' German media after Michail Antonio goal against Frankfurt[REPORT]Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer[GOSSIP]     One achievement that could put Ronaldo ahead of Salah is the fact he won his first Ballon d’Or as a United player in 2008. Salah, meanwhile, has never been recognised as the best player in the world. But Ronaldo never spent the best years of his career in the Premier League. The debate will surely rage on and Thierry Henry, who won the Football Writers’ Association Footballer of the Year three times during his playing days, may think he should be regarded as the Premier League’s greatest. And then there’s Sergio Aguero, Steven Gerrard and Kevin de Bruyne as well as a whole host of other top flight world beaters. One thing is for sure - Premier League fans have certainly not been starved of top-class players over the years. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  