This weekend, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will visit the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. This is the first overseas trip that the couple are making together after their decision to step down as working royals. During royal visits, members of the Royal Family will typically stay at one of the European houses. However, on this trip, Prince Harry and Meghan will be staying in a separate hotel after a reported "snub" from Dutch royals. Speaking on Sunrise Australia, journalist Angela Mollard discussed their upcoming trip and how the couple are not being "officially welcomed" by the Dutch royals. Speaking on the Sussexes, Ms Mollard said: "They are not staying at the Dutch palace and this is quite unusual. "When royals go to one of the European royal's houses, they typically stay in them." She added that the couple stayed at the "Governor General's house" when they visited Australia. Speaking on the usual royal arrangement, Ms Mollard called it "a symbol". This is so it's known that they are a member of the Royal Family. The journalist added that the couple will stay in a hotel during their visit to the Netherlands. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's 'part-time royal' dream shattered as Sussexes pursue £72m Netflix deal She added that despite the "snub", the Dutch royals will be in attendance at the Invictus Games. Ms Mollard said: "It's going to be really interesting, this trip, because of course it's a couple of weeks after Harry didn't attend Prince Philip's memorial." She concluded: "A lot of attention will be on him and I hope this attention doesn't move across from those soldiers and armed forces personnel who for whom the Invictus Games is such an important event." The Royal Family held a memorial service for the late Prince Philip last month. The service was being held almost a year after the Duke of Edinburgh's death. Prince Harry made the decision to not attend the memorial and the reason noted for his notable absence was the Duke's security concerns for his family. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry told to 'drop royal titles' for book deals in test of new stardom He is in a dispute with the British Government over security concerns and has previously stated his fears numerous times. Harry has previously said it would be unsafe for him and his family to return to the UK, without police protection officers. Speaking at the time of the memorial, royal photographer Arthur Edwards lashed out at the Duke of Sussex during an interview with Sky News. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] He told presenter Kay Burley Prince Harry "should be here" and called the reason for his absence "an excuse". He went on to say how he should be there "whether he brings his wife [Meghan] or not, it doesn't matter". Harry did, however, return to England for the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral in April 2021 but flew home to California the following day. Prince Harry and Meghan currently reside in the US with their two children, Archie and Lilibet.