The TV licence has become a controversial topic in recent years. But whether or not you agree with the annual payment, you are likely to still need one if you are watching programmes in the UK. Read on to find out exactly when you need a TV licence. If you do any of the following, you are required to purchase a TV licence: READ MORE: Thousands of Britons could get their TV licence for free - can you? Even if you don’t have a television in your home, you may still need a licence if you watch programmes on another device, such as your laptop or tablet. You need to be covered by a TV Licence to watch programmes live on any online TV service - such as ITV Hub, All 4, Amazon Prime Video, Now TV or Sky Go. For these providers that don’t provide live TV, a licence is not required - but watching any live programmes on a subscription channel requires one, even if you already pay for that service. You don’t need a licence to watch Netflix, as none of the shows are broadcast live. You also don’t need a TV Licence if you only ever watch on demand programmes on any TV service apart from BBC iPlayer. This means you don’t watch any live channels, by any provider, whether they are UK based or not. So for example, if you wanted to catch up on your favourite ITV drama, Vera, you can do so on the ITV Hub online if you watch it after it has been broadcast live. DON'T MISSFree TV licence: Over 75s could claim £159 discount on bill [INSIGHT]Brits cancel TV licence as cost of living crisis bites - 'final straw' [REPORT]'Woman of limited intelligence' Miriam Margolyes slams Nadine Dorries [INSIGHT] A full-colour TV licence, required by most homes in the UK, costs £159 per year. Free TV licences for pensioners were controversially removed last year. Those aged 75 years and over and receive Pension Credit are entitled to a free over-75s TV Licence. Those who live in care homes or sheltered accommodation get a considerable reduction on their TV licence, costing only £7.50 for the year. If you’re watching on a black and white TV, your licence will only cost you £53.50. If you are blind or your sight is severely impaired, you only need to pay £79.50. A TV licence covers all TVs and devices in your property.