In a statement, Musk said: “Free speech is the bedrock of a functioning democracy, and Twitter is the digital town square where matters vital to the future of humanity are debated.” The Tesla and SpaceX CEO ran a poll on the platform in March asking users whether they believed “Twitter rigorously adheres to [free speech]”. More than 70 percent of the more than two million respondents responded “no”. Musk responded that “failing to adhere to free speech principles fundamentally undermines democracy”. Just hours before the deal was confirmed, he further signalled his dedication to free speech in a post on Twitter, noting: “I hope that even my worst critics remain on Twitter, because that is what free speech means.” Bret Taylor, Twitter’s independent Board Chair, said following the breaking of the deal: “The Twitter Board conducted a thoughtful and comprehensive process to assess Elon’s proposal with a deliberate focus on value, certainty, and financing. READ MORE: Rejoiner shut down over 'kick in the teeth' Brexit rant Parag Agrawal, the platform’s current CEO, told Twitter employees, in a note seen by Kurt Wagner from Bloomberg: “I know this is a significant change and you're likely processing what this means for you and Twitter's future.” He will be answer employee questions later today, (April 25). Free Speech Union General Secretary Toby Young earlier this month expressed his support for Musk gaining control of the social media platform. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] “I hope he takes Twitter back to what it was originally – the free speech wing of the free speech party.” The Free Speech Union added following the news: “We look forward to an overhaul of the social media company’s content moderation policies so it becomes possible for users to challenge prevailing orthodoxies, whether about the participation of transwomen in women’s sports or the effectiveness of the Covid vaccines, without running the risk of being no-platformed.” Musk is purchasing the platform for $54.20 per share. This is one of the biggest acquisitions in tech history. As well as improving the platform’s dealings with free speech, Musk hopes to make Twitter “better than ever”. He said: “I also want to make Twitter better than ever by enhancing the product with new features, making the algorithms open source to increase trust, defeating the spam bots and authenticating all humans. “Twitter has tremendous potential – I look forward to working with the company and the community of users to unlock it."