Prince Andrew, who was originally awarded the distinction in 1987, lost the Freedom of the City of York honour after a motion was carried unanimously at a full council meeting. Calls have also been made by councillors for him to give up his full Duke of York title following his out of court settlement with Virginia Giuffre. Prince Andrew vehemently denies the allegations made against him. Freedom of the City is an honour which has traditionally been handed out in a number of countries including the UK and is awarded by cities to recognise notable service by distinguished citizens, or to important and honoured visitors and royalty. The practise derives from the Medieval period when citizens who had earned respect were granted freedom from serfdom - a condition of debt bondage or indentured servitude. The Collins Dictionary describes it as “nominal citizenship in a city, conferred as an honour upon important visitors”. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie's new announcement as royal follows Meghan and Harry  According to the Local Government Act 1972, councils are able to award the honour of freeman or freewoman to “persons of distinction and persons who have, in the opinion of the council, rendered eminent services”. A key, which symbolises the accolade, can also be presented sometimes to the recipient. On Wednesday, an extraordinary meeting was held by the City of York Council, at York Racecourse, to discuss removing Prince Andrew’s Freedom of the City honour. The York Liberal Democrats said the prince was informed of the motion before it was eventually passed.  The development comes after Andrew had agreed to pay an undisclosed sum to Ms Giuffre last February after she had accused him of sexual assault. Ms Giuffre had claimed the prince had sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17, as part of a civil case she had brought against the Duke in the US, allegations which he has repeatedly denied. The Labour MP for York Central, Rachael Maskell, said the prince was the "first to ever have their freedom removed" by the city. Darryl Smalley, the Liberal Democrat councillor who proposed the motion, said he was pleased to have won the support of councillors from all parties on the council.  DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'underestimated' life without royal platform [OPINION]Queen’s right-hand woman part of ‘cruel’ bid to put Meghan in place [INSIGHT]Dr Shola video of youth arrests sparks huge support for police officer [WATCH] He said: “The honorary freedom of York is the highest honour we, as a city, can bestow on those who represent the very best of York. “The honour is held by many notable and accomplished people who carry it with pride and responsibly. “Having been stripped of his military roles and royal patronages by the Queen, we believe that it is right to remove all links that Prince Andrew still has with our great city.” Councillors had originally been due to hold a meeting to discuss the future of the prince’s Freedom of the City honour in March.  But it was postponed after a council spokesperson said there had been “disquiet” among councillors over it being held online. The meeting was due to take place virtually as a result of a number of councillors testing positive for Covid at the time. Both Buckingham Palace and a spokesperson for the Duke of York declined to comment. 