AlphaTauri star Pierre Gasly has become the latest Formula 1 star to hit out at the Netflix’s Drive to Survive series following the recent release of series four. Gasly joins the likes of Max Verstappen and Toto Wolff in criticising the show that gives fans an access-all-areas look into the sport. The newly released season of the fly on the wall series was no doubt an eagerly anticipated one, following the remarkable drama that played out between Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen right up until the very last lap of the season. Verstappen was of course the man to prevail, however despite being world champion he refused to take part in the series. Speaking previously, the Dutchman accused the Netflix series of ‘faking rivalries’. He told the Associated Press: “I understand that it needs to be done to boost the popularity in America, but from my side as a driver, I don’t like being part of it. “They faked a few rivalries which didn't really exist. So I decided to not be a part of it and did not give any more interviews after that because then there is nothing you can show. I am not really a dramatic show kind of person, I just want facts and real things to happen. JUST IN: How Toto Wolff fumed at Lewis Hamilton over car: 'Always difficult'  Following Verstappen’s ‘faking’ comments have now been echoed by fellow driver Gasly after claiming that some scenes are ‘kind of made up’. He told GP Fans: “I haven't seen the whole series, so I haven't seen like [more than] pretty much the first two episodes. You can clearly see that some scenes are kind of made up for the show. It's difficult to speak for the drivers, I'm not in their position. “I don't know how they [Netflix] get on with other guys. I think on our side with Yuki [Tsunoda], which is what I can compare, it was kind of normal. But obviously as a driver, you don't want to be portrayed differently than the person you are in reality. I think that's the main thing that we ask for.” DON'T MISS: Fernando Alonso indicates Alpine’s power unit as strong as Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes  Gasly comments came in the wake of yet more criticism from world champion Verstappen, who even compared the Drive to Survive series to reality show Keeping Up with the Kardashians. He said on Friday: “At the moment I'm not really interested to take part in it. It's also taking more time when we're already doing so many things. “I saw the benefit initially of course you get more popularity, but for me now I think you reach a stage where it's a bit more like 'Keeping up with the Formula One world' if you know my reference. I think it shouldn't be like that. It's better just to make a season review by F1 itself, that's why it's nicer to look at. But that's my opinion.”