Carlos Alcaraz is aiming high after becoming the youngest man ever to win the Miami Open. The 18-year-old has risen to No 11 in the rankings as a result and is now setting his sights on becoming "the best" in the game by challenging  'King of Clay' Rafael Nadal on his favourite surface. Alcaraz's last defeat came at the hands of the elder Spaniard in the Indian Wells semi-final. Despite losing a narrow battle that spanned more than three hours, the 18-year-old bounced back immediately to win the biggest title of his career and become the third-youngest Masters 1000 champion in history. It was the three-time champion's second meeting with Nadal having also faced the world No 4 for the first time at the Madrid Masters last year on what was his 18th birthday. On that occasion the 21-time Major champion defeated him 6-1 6-2 while Alcaraz was ranked down at world No 120. Less than a year after their first meeting, the teenager is ready to face the 'King of Clay' on his favourite surface once more to cement himself as one of "the best".  "To be the best you have to beat the best, so to be the best I have to beat Rafa on clay," the newly-crowned Miami Open champion said after his win. Alcaraz echoed the sentiment of his coach Juan Carlos Ferrero, who said he was ready to see his young charge face the 13-time French Open champion on the clay this year. JUST IN: Norrie ends five-year wait as first British top 10 player since Murray  The former world No 1 who now coaches Alcaraz said his protege had "lost respect" for Nadal "in a good way" after their recent Indian Wells clash, with the world No 11 now believing he can beat the 21-time Major champion in future. "Before he was more intimidated by him. Now he has lost respect for him in a good way," Ferrero admitted. "He is capable of playing one to one and feels capable of beating him. Now I want to see Alcaraz play against Nadal on clay and see what happens." The 2003 French Open champion also said the teenager's best surface was the clay, with the clay season beginning in a week with the Monte Carlo Masters. DON'T MISSKyrgios' U-turn on playing French Open for girlfriend to 'see Paris'Kyrgios fined £26k for outburst as Murray and Raducanu suffer lossesOsaka using Nadal videos to prepare for clay season after Miami run  "He has always played on that surface, and it is where he feels most comfortable and where he can best deploy your game. Until a year and a half ago he hadn't played on the hard court," Ferrero added. But after winning his biggest title on a hard court, Alcaraz said he no longer had a preference. “I don’t know. All I can say is I got two titles on clay and one on hard court. Yeah, I feel very comfortable in both surface, so I don’t mind playing on clay or on hard court. But I feel comfortable on both," the Miami Open champion admitted.