Ardal O’Hanlon, 56, who is best known for playing Father Dougal McGuire in much-loved comedy, Father Ted, has reflected on his breakout role and admitted he sometimes felt it was a “burden”. Before being cast in the show, Ardal worked the Irish comedy circuit and gained relative success, even winning Hackney Empire New Act of the Year in 1994. For his comedy routine he adopted a new persona which was “bewildered” and “much more stupid” than he is, he described in an interview with The Guardian in 2019. His act caught the attention of TV writer Graham Linehan and Ardal was cast as the dim-witted Dougal. He played the role for three years and even won Best Newcomer at the British Comedy Awards in 1995. However, he has admitted that there was a downside to his famous performance in a new interview. READ MORE:Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress He confessed: “I look back on Father Ted with great affection and pride. “At times I have thought of it as a burden. “The character was so familiar, people couldn’t see you in another guise. “My stand-up persona wasn’t too much of a leap from Dougal, but I was catapulted into playing arenas. I was promoted prematurely,” he told Radio Times. Since Father Ted wrapped in 1998, Ardal has taken on a variety of roles including on BBC sitcom My Hero, appearances in Doctor Who and Derry Girls and as DI Jack Mooney in Death In Paradise. The actor previously explained that he made a conscious decision to "distance" himself from Dougal to avoid being typecast. He told The Scotsman in 2019: “Once we finished Father Ted, I really wanted to distance myself from it, much as I was always very proud and fond of it. I “I know the viewers are still very attached, but you were looking for the next job. You can’t rest on your laurels, you have to move on.” DON'T MISSKelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home[INSIGHT]Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap[LATEST]Zoe Ball forced to leave midway through Radio 2 show due to illness[NEWS] It comes as Ardal will be taking part in the new series of Channel 4’s Taskmaster. He will join Loose Women’s Judi Love, Chris Ramsey, and comedians Bridget Christie and Sophie Duker in the hit comedy game show which is presented by Greg Davies and Alex Horne. The synopsis for season 13 teases: “Survival for this courageous quintet will depend on their abilities to paint perfectly with their lips, effectively wrangle a cement mixer and chase Alex around a tree while he's pedalling a tricycle. “Should they impress the Taskmaster, he will reward them with points and the occasional admiring word. “But should they stumble or show any kind of weakness... he'll scent blood and pounce on them like a puma.” Taskmaster airs on Thursday, April 14 at 9pm on Channel 4.