The Ultimatum saw six couples embark on a journey, with one ready to get married and the other not as sure. They individually spent three weeks in a "trial marriage" with another cast member to see if they could find a connection with someone besides their partner. This is how former US Marine Corps Jake and 24-year-old Rae got to know one another. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Ultimatum. Jake came into the experiment with his girlfriend April and Rae with her long-term boyfriend Zay. In the final stage of the Netflix series, Jake told April that he still wasn't ready to take that next step but insisted he wasn't going to run off with Rae. She had already parted ways with Zay which is when Jake swooped in, despite what he told April. He then made Rae what seemed like a really appealing offer which left fans shook. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait “You deserve the world. you deserve everything," Jake said. "Hopefully one day I can give that to you. I’m gonna propose something to you." Jake then pulled out an envelope that he handed over to his co-star and potential love interest. “Two tickets, anywhere in the world. Me and you just living life.” While Netflix subscribers were excited to see Jake and Rae get together, they weren't meant to be. She revealed on the reunion show, which came out on Tuesday, April 13, that they didn't end up going on this trip together. Rae explained to hosts Nick and Vanessa Lachey: "I think that we kind of came to a consensus that everybody needed more time to heal. “I felt like it was really insensitive to be like, ‘Okay, bye. F**k y’all. We’re just gonna get on a plane and go somewhere.'” DON'T MISS...Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker 'should be replaced by Whoopi Goldberg'  [CAST]The Ultimatum's Zay Wilson storms out of reunion after Rae row [VIDEO]The Ultimatum fans outraged at Netflix over Rae and Zay punch scene [REACTION] Rae did briefly get back with her ex-boyfriend Zay but things didn't work out a second time. While she is with neither of her co-stars on The Ultimatum, Rae did embark on a new relationship but this time with a woman. Describing her partner, Rae said: “She’s amazing and I had a really good connection with her but we kind of kept it casual. "I’m figuring out myself and my sexuality because I was very uncomfortable with being bi for a very long time." Since the show aired, Rae has remained very private, revealing no details of her new relationship on social media. So, for now at least, the identity of the reality star's potential girlfriend is unknown. Meanwhile, in the six months since filming the show, Jake has remained single, choosing to focus on himself. The Ultimatum is available to watch on Netflix.