The RAC has estimated that more than 21 million leisure trips will be made by car from Good Friday to Easter Monday. And with engineering works set to disrupt rail services, motorists can expect the busiest Easter on the road in eight years. This year’s figure is the biggest since the motoring body began tracking drivers’ Easter plans in 2014. The busiest day on the road is expected to be Good Friday. Inrix, a traffic information provider, highlighted several likely congestion hotspots. These will include: READ MORE: Electric car owner fined £100 after charging his vehicle in car park The M6 north between junction 26 (Orrell interchange, Greater Manchester) and junction 36 (the Lake District). The M25 clockwise from junction 8 (Reigate Hill interchange, Surrey) to junction 16 (Denham interchange, Buckinghamshire). The A303 near Stonehenge, Wiltshire. Drivers wanting to avoid as much congestion as possible are urged to set off before 9am or delay their journeys until after 7.30pm. DON'T MISS Drivers to be fined for parking in EV bays this month [REVEAL] Warning of 'total road chaos' over abandoned cars [WARNING] 'Outdated' hybrid cars 'should be banned' for delaying EV revolution [INSIGHT] The RAC traffic spokesperson Rod Dennis said: “After two years of relatively quiet Easter bank holidays on the roads, our research suggests a return to traffic levels that are much more typical of this time of year. “It’s very possible this weekend could turn out to be one of the busiest for leisure journeys for many years.” He added: “Add in the impact of disruption on the rail network and one of the biggest fixtures of the sporting calendar taking place this weekend, and you have all the ingredients needed for problems on the roads. “Traffic volumes will likely be even higher if some warm spring sunshine makes an appearance.” Mr Dennis also urged drivers to make sure vehicles are prepared for getaway trips. He said: “This is even more important for anyone travelling longer distances than they have for several months. “A breakdown is much less likely if a car’s oil and coolant levels, as well as tyre pressure and tread depth, have all been checked before setting out.” The issues are partially caused by disruptions to train services. As announced by train providers, the west coast railway line will be shut throughout the Easter weekend between London Euston and Milton Keynes Central due to upgrades of the existing line and HS2 work. Customers who are traveling to Scotland for Easter were advised to make their journeys on either side of the long weekend. Additionally, Network Rail intends to carry out 530 engineering projects costing a total of £83million this weekend, while strike action by the Rail, Maritime, and Transport Union is also planned. No trains will run to or from London Euston all weekend. Trains to the West Midlands, North West England, and parts of Scotland will depart from Milton Keynes Central instead. And no Southern Railway services will run from Victoria because of the maintenance work, with most trains diverted into London Bridge. Gatwick Express will not run either. Airports are also braced for disruption and delays. Several airlines and airports are struggling to cope with staff sickness and shortages as the number of passengers has begun to rebound to pre-pandemic levels, with thousands of flights cancelled by easyJet and British Airways in recent weeks. Manchester Airport is warning departing passengers to expect delays of up to 90 minutes in the coming days. The airport’s CEO, Charlie Cornish, said: “The simple fact is that we don’t currently have the number of staff we need to provide the level of service that our passengers deserve.”