His call on Ministers to order civil servants back to the office in quick time was long overdue. This preference for home working offers further evidence of what can only be described as the Age of Entitlement. It is not to be confused with the Age of the Enlightenment, which it is anything but. It betrays an assumption that civil servants have the right to work as they wish regardless of their responsibility for serving the interests of the nation. This assumption is reinforced by their trade unions who, I suspect, would, be quite happy to see their members paid handsomely for doing nothing. It is only fair to say that in my 24 years as a civil servant I occasionally encountered this sense of entitlement, though never in Margaret Thatcher’s Stakhanovite No 10. But, far from being encouraged, it was frowned upon. Duty counted. It is not clear how far the stay-at-homers are being indulged by Civil Service bosses, though some of them have extolled the idea of working from home. Those who are still indulgent, now that the pandemic is under control thanks to vaccination, are frankly not fit for purpose. There is extensive evidence that a system that once ran on oiled wheels is failing to serve those who pay for the service and a handsome index-linked pension on top. I need mention only vehicle and driver licensing, probate, power of attorney and latterly the re-settlement of Ukrainian refugees. This is not to overlook the immense difficulty, if that is not understating it, of securing a face-to-face consultation with another form of public servant: GPs. I am writing this immediately after the further failure of my doctor or doctors  to see me in spite of promises during or at the end of a bout of covid from which I was declared free on Monday. The least we taxpayers are entitled to is a service. Yet we are not getting it. Believe it or not, the Department of Work and Pensions had only 27 percent of its staff in the office on April 4 and the Treasury only 42 percent. Don’t they know there is an international economic crisis which requires all hands on deck? The Foreign Office had a mere 31 percent at their desks even though the world lives in the shadow of the Ukraine and the threat to wider peace from a lunatic called Vladimir Putin. I suppose we should be grateful for small mercies that the Minister of Defence managed to get just over two-thirds of its staff in the office. The Home Office, processing asylum applications, could raise only 42 percent. This is the real scandal of the age - not “partygate”. I suppose some would argue that No 10’s propensity for having a wee dram during the lockdown is another aspect of the Age of Entitlement. But here we had Civil Servants risking infection going to work, working together as a team and having a drink during a break from the No 10 pressure cooker.  Where is our sense of priorities? - a question that might usefully be asked of the Metropolitan Police in its pursuit of public servants but nobody else who had an “illicit” drink during two years of restrictions. It is not as though they have nothing else to do what with a crime wave the likes of which we have never seen before. I draw the conclusion from all this mess that the Civil Service does not value its reputation, still less seek to recover it. If that is so, then it is a poor outlook for our governance. It is one thing to hold Ministers to account but they are entitled, just as the taxpayer is, to a proper service from their staff. With the best will in the world, that cannot be achieved with a staff dispersed widely at home. It just adds to the problem of managing resources. It certainly does not help develop recruits and younger talent who are denied the benefit of observing the ways and listening to the collective wisdom that comes with experience. In other words, the Age of Entitlement is just storing up trouble for the future. More power to Jacob Rees-Mogg’s elbow and the determination of all Ministers to restore services to the public. Like most people, I expect a pretty full turn out of Civil Servants next week. Otherwise, we shall soon be asking who’s the boss?