Alexei Bychkov was detained on Saturday, April 9, after a video emerged on social media, which showed the soldier sexually abusing a baby. It is believed that the video was shot while Bychkov was on active duty in Ukraine. Russian social media users on Vkontakte claim Bychkov is a lieutenant of military unit No. 64044, which is based in Pskov in northwest Russia. The chairman of the Council of Veterans of the 76th Guards Division of the Airborne Forces , Yuri Sosedov , said that all military units of the Pskov region are participating in the war in Ukraine. The shocking video has caused yet further outrage and anger, as evidence of Russian war crimes continues to grow. Ukraine's former ambassador to Austria called the Russian soldier "a monster". Olexander Scherba tweeted: "Meet a monster. A baby-rapist. #Russian soldier Aleksei Bychkov. "Someone sent me the link to what he did. I know what’s in it. I couldn’t watch." He added: "Someone writes it’s a pre-war video. Maybe. I don’t know. "But it’s a Russian soldier, Russian army. The one that is in #Ukraine now." Bychkov has made other videos that show him sexually violating other children. These videos have also been shared to social media. Other incidents of sexual violence committed against children by Russian soldiers have been documented by Ukraine's Ombudsman for Human Rights. Lyudmyla Denysova said a 14-year-old girl had been raped by five soldiers in Bucha. She is now pregnant. READ MORE: Putin appoints 'Butcher of Syria' to oversee Russia operations She also noted the case of an 11-year-old boy, who was sexually assaulted in front of his mother. Ms Denysova said: "There is no place on earth or in hell where racist criminals can hide from retribution. "Rape is strictly prohibited by Article 27 of the 1949 Geneva relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War." She urged the UN to investigate Russia for war crimes committed against civilians. According to figures provided by her office, Russian forces have kidnapped more than 120,000 Ukrainian children. DON'T MISS Nord Stream 2 backlash as Merkel blasted over pipeline [NEWS]Putin attempting to use Brexit friction to divide Ukraine support [REVEAL]Joe Biden missing in action while Boris walks streets of war-torn Kyiv [SPOTLIGHT] It comes as Russia continues to build up its forces in the east for an expected massive military attack. Satellite imagery firm Maxar Technologies has shared pictures of what it says is a large Russian military convoy, located east of Kharkiv. The images, taken on 8 April, show hundreds of armoured vehicles, trucks with towed artillery, and other military vehicles - stretching for at least eight miles. Ukrainian presidential advisor Mykhaylo Podolyak has told national television that "Ukraine is ready for big battles" against Russia. He said Ukraine must beat back Moscow's forces in the eastern Donbas region, where Moscow controls two separatist territories.