Household utility bills have reached new highs, with energy now costing 54 percent more than before April 1, and water now 10 percent higher. The staggering inflation in both tax and utility payments will leave millions of Britons looking for ways to save, but just how impactful could a water bowl be to reduce your bills? This is how much you could save by using a washing up bowl in your kitchen. On average, billpayers across the UK could see their annual water bill rise as high as £420 this year. A washing up bowl may seem like a trivial way to make cleaning dishes cheaper, but this one small change could have a significant effect on your bills. According to data by Save Water Save Money, around 10 percent of all household water usage comes from the kitchen - and when the water is hot, it can make a sizable dent in your energy usage too. Cutting back on your expenditure is easy to do by storing water in a washing up bowl, but exactly how much could you actually save? READ MORE: ‘Easy way’ to remove ‘unpleasant smells’ from washing machines With the average household using 349 litres of water each day, there is plenty of opportunity for waste. Not only is wasting water bad for the environment, but it can also add a considerable amount on to your water bill. According to Tap Warehouse, just 10 minutes of rinsing dishes can waste enough water to fill an entire bath, which can hold up to 100 litres of water. Based on the current average water bill, running the tap whilst washing the dishes throughout the year could add an extra £25 to your annual payment. Using a washing up bowl in your sink can cut your usage significantly, by using just one-tenth of the water required to rinse dishes for 10 minutes. The average washing up bowl needs just 10 litres of water to be considered ‘full’, so you can rinse your dishes for a fraction of the price. Not only will you slash the unnecessary amount of £25 from your annual bill, but you can cut back on your energy usage too. DON'T MISS:Council tax monthly payments could be reduced by changing payments [INSIGHT]Influencer shares how to save hundreds on food shop - 'do the basics' [REVEAL]You could save £303 on your utility bills with just 'few adjustments' [ANALYSIS] Around 20 percent of a typical gas heated household’s heating bill is from heating the water for showers, baths and hot water from the tap. According to the Energy Saving Trust, this costs about £140 a year. Electric boilers can cost homeowners even more, as it is generally more expensive to use electricity than gas. Research has shown that to fill an 80-litre bath costs around 20p, but when you want heated water this sees the prices rise again - meaning it would cost 50p using gas or £1.20 to heat the water using electricity. If you apply this figure to a 10-litre washing up bowl, it would cost just a small fraction of the price for both electric and gas-powered boilers. Even if you fill the kitchen sink and don't leave the tap running, this would use about 15 to 18 litres of water, compared to just 10 when using an average size washing up bowl. To keep the cost of washing up to an absolute minimum, the best way to clean your dishes is to use two water bowls. One bowl can be filled with warm water and soap to clean the dishes. The second should be filled with warm water to rinse the clean dishes. Pre-soaking your dishes will also help to remove stubborn stains and residue, making it easier to wash them up without utilising the force of a running tap. This is the most efficient way to avoid wasting water while reducing the amount of energy required to heat the water.