Toto Wolff has warned Mercedes are around seven-tenths off title favourites Red Bull and Ferrari after the Australian Grand Prix. The 50-year-old team principal has claimed the team had not written off a chance of winning the title as it was still early in the season. However, the Austrian cut a realistic figure as he claimed the team were aware of the “current status quo”. Speaking to GP Fans, he said: “Third race of the season, we are not going to write the title off but it is just the current status quo. We are – what was the gap [in qualifying in Australia]? – seven-tenths off.” Wolff has previously warned Mercedes' form over the first races was “totally unacceptable”. However, he explains there was no magic fix to ensure the cars was competitive. READ MORE: Toto Wolff hits out at F1 jewellery crackdown after Hamilton targeted The German manufacturer has mainly benefited from Red Bull’s retirement woes in 2022 to collect a large haul of points based on their pace. Lewis Hamilton secured a podium in Bahrain with George Russell behind in fourth after Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez both suffered mechanical failures. Russell scored another top-five finish in Saudi Arabia before picking up his second F1 podium after Verstappen’s retirement in Australia. The results have left Russell second in the drivers’ standings with Hamilton three points ahead of Verstappen. However, Ferrari's dominance means Charles Leclerc has now extended his championship lead to 34 points. After the race, Russell called his championship position “crazy” but stressed the team still needed to find more performance. DON'T MISSMercedes boss Toto Wolff claims Michael Masi 'disrespected' drivers [INSIGHT]Mercedes' Toto Wolff gives reasons he's 'optimistic' after Australia [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton retirement fears played down by Toto Wolff [ANALYSIS] He said: “You’ve got to be in it to win it and capitalise from other’s misfortune, and the guys at Brackley and Brixworth have been working so hard on giving us a reliable car. We got a little bit lucky today, probably twice, but we take it. “There’s so much hard work going on back at base to try and get us back at the front so to be standing on the podium today is special a reward for all their hard work. We’re never going to give up, we’ve got to keep on fighting.” Red Bull have failed to write off the Silver Arrows bid for the 2022 crown, stressing the team were likely to come back fighting. Helmut Marko said: “The team are very well positioned and also have some really important people in the chassis area. “I’m completely convinced they will come back if they control the ‘porpoising’.”