 The Russian President made an announcement to Russian mothers early in the conflict on March 8 that conscripts would not be sent to fight in Ukraine. He declared that “professional” troops would be taking part in the conflict, despite footage emerging from around that time of inexperienced and scared teenage conscripts being deployed to Ukraine.   However, Naval Chief Nikolay Yevmenov, 60, stated on the weekend that conscripts were on the warship. In March, footage of furious Russian conscripts was shared on social media of the troops slamming their leaders for sending them to Ukraine to fight. The soldiers of the “119th Division, 4th Battalion, 1st and 2nd Companies” were heard saying: “They took us at 18 years old. Kids. We’re just kids.” Now, pictures have emerged of the missing teenage conscripts who are thought to have died when the Moskva warship was struck by two Ukrainian missiles and sank into the Black Sea.   The parents of the teenage troops are partaking in one of the biggest rebellions against the Kremlin that has been seen during this war, it has been reported. Despite Russia’s denials, it is thought that hundreds of sailors perished as the vessel sank and many others suffered horrific injuries of severed limbs. It is unknown how many of the 510 crew members survived the incident on April 14. Dmitry Shkrebets, the father of missing crew member chef Yegor Shkrebets, has expressed his fury at the deceit and lack of information as he said: “They said that the entire crew was evacuated. It’s a lie! A cruel and cynical lie!” READ MORE: Grass care: How to get rid of moss from your lawn using baking soda  The parents who are speaking out have been warned they may not receive financial compensation for their losses, and they risk censure and arrest. Speaking to the Current Times, Mr Shkrebets called for the punishment of the guilty “because these boys 19-20 years old – should not have been there during these operations”. He continued: “They should have been landed in Sevastopol. “We must open all this abscess and punish all those responsible, why the boys were not dropped off. Whatever happens, scumbags have no nationality. “A war crime has occurred and all those involved must be punished.” DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry should NOT attend Platinum Jubilee – POLL (POLL)Pests: How to keep your garden ‘pest-free’ using natural methods (REVEAL)Fury at plans to ban gas boilers and install £10,000 heat pumps (INSIGHT)   Frightened mother Tatyana Efremenko, the mother of Nikita, said: “The only thing they told me was that my son was on duty in the dining room at the time of the fire. “It’s just scary that I don’t understand how this was allowed. I don’t understand what the conscript children were doing on the Moskva…it is beyond the limit.” Other parents claim they are being “bullied” with officials informing them of their relatives’ death and then saying they are missing before once again changing the story, the report stated. Further outcry has emerged after it was found that the vessel’s captain Anton Kuprin who was initially reported dead by the Ukrainians, abandoned his ship and crew to save himself. Despite the Moskva’s part in attacking Snake Island early on in the conflict, Russian commanders have told some parents the fury surrounding the use of conscripts in battle is unfounded as the warship was allegedly hit “in neutral waters”. 