The golf world is buzzing for the year’s edition of The Masters, which takes place at Augusta this weekend. The added attraction is the return of Tiger Woods, who played a practice round in front of thousands at the prestigious Georgia golf course as he continues his recovery from last year's horrific car crash.  He was always going to be at Augusta this week to attend the traditional Masters Champions Dinner. However, there has been no confirmation from Woods whether he will decide to tee up come Thursday. Woods is often regarded as the greatest golfer of all time and his relationships have often made the headlines. His current partner is girlfriend Erica Herman, but what do we know about her? He has reportedly been in a relationship with restaurant manager Herman, 38, since September 2017. The pair first met when she helped to manage his pop-up restaurant in Florida, which is known as The Woods Jupiter. The pair were first spotted together in 2017 at the President's Cup. JUST IN: Tiger Woods' inner circle held 'same belief' as Rory McIlroy before amazing Masters U-turn   She has since supported Woods on the course, and spends plenty of time with his two children; Sam and Charlie. Herman has attended many of tournaments Woods plays in. In 2019, folliwng Woods' epic Masters victory, she accompanied Woods to the White House, where he was honoured with the Presidential Medal of Freedom by former President Donald Trump. But since then she had scarcely been seen and it led to rumours the pair had split up, but this was later dismissed by Herman. She told Radar Online in 2019: "We haven’t split. I’ve been to every tournament he’s been at." Herman then explained that she hasn’t been pictured much because she "doesn’t like public attention.” The pair's relationship has gone from strength to strength and she was in attendance to see Woods inducted into the Golf Hall of Fame last month. During his acceptance speech, the gold legend broke down in tears as he thanked family and friends “who supported him in the darkest of times and celebrated the highest of times.” Last week OK! Magazine in the US have reported the couple may in fact be engaged. DON'T MISS “He surprised her by popping the question during a physio appointment and even managed to get down on one knee,” a source said. “He had the ring ready and everything — word is he spent a fortune on the biggest diamond he could find — and told her he wanted to spend the rest of his life with her. Of course, she said yes in a heartbeat.” Erica was very supportive of Woods throughout his recovery from last year’s car accident that left him with significant leg injuries. Herman “has been by his side throughout his ordeal, and he just feels it’s time to make things official,” the source also shared. They also claim the couple is planning to tie the knot this summer at a resort in the Florida Keys. “Tiger is in such a great place and credits Erica for keeping him strong and happy.” 