HBO Max’s fiery thriller series starring Big Bang Theory legend Kaley Cuoco is returning for a second season, with new episodes coming to Sky in the UK in May. The Flight Attendant’s main cast have all returned for another gripping instalment, but there was one co-star in particular who has become one of Kaley’s best friends during their time on the show. Kaley gave Zosia an emotional thank you message during her recent appearance on The Kelly Clarkson Show. The former Big Bang star became visibly tearful as she recalled her experiences with the actress during the first two seasons of The Flight Attendant. “Zosia is my co-star and my best friend,” she told Kelly. “She helped me so much through season two. “She basically lived with me the last few months of shooting. We just moved in together.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy “And she… I don’t think I would have gotten to work some days without her.” Kaley gave out a short sob as Kelly agreed: “Oh, I have those friends.” In the series, Zosia portrays Annie Mouradian, a lawyer and the best friend of Kaley’s self-destructive flight attendant Cassie Bowden. Despite her complaints, Annie is still along for the ride in the show’s second season after becoming Cassie’s confidante when she wakes up next to the dead body of the man she slept with the night before. Best known for her breakout role as Shoshanna Shapiro in Judd Apatow and Lena Dunham’s hit millennial drama Girls, Zosia has also made appearances in Mad Men, Dickinson and Under the Silver Lake. She has since become a loyal friend of Kaley’s during their time on the new HBO series, and the Big Bang alum was grateful for how much she helped her through some challenging moments in the latest season. “And I never thought I’d have to depend on anyone like that before,” Kaley continued. “And I, like, really depended on her. She helped me through so much. She would have days off, and she would, like… I’m going to cry!” DON'T MISS:Grace and Frankie ending: Dolly Parton's cameo in finale explained [INSIGHT]Kevin Costner on challenges of launching project away from Yellowstone [INTERVIEW]NCIS Hawaii theory: Kate and Lucy romance reignites [THEORY] Kaley got even more tearful as she recalled how Zosia would go above and beyond to ensure everything was running smoothly with the second season. When Cassie returns at the start of The Flight Attendant’s follow-up, she has become a human asset for the CIA and has made even more progress in overcoming her alcoholism. However, her headspace is once again invaded by distracting hallucinations and flashbacks, this time by various versions of herself who argue their way through her latest mission. Her performance in season two was even more demanding, but luckily Kaley had a strong friend in Zosia to make sure she had support throughout the highs and lows of production. Kaley revealed: “She would come to work on days she didn’t have to be there and come and have lunch with me. “I’m like, ‘you have your day off today’. She’s like, ‘I’m coming in!’ because she heard I was having a rough time. She’s the best, I’m very lucky I had her.” Zosia has made regular appearances in Kaley’s Instagram updates, and they have recently confirmed they’ve had their second matching tattoos together. HBO has yet to confirm whether The Flight Attendant will return for a third season, but fans should expect both actresses to remain at the centre of the action if the mile-high drama continues. The Flight Attendant season 2 is available to watch on HBO Max in the USA and will premiere in the UK on Sky Max and NOW on May 26.