The building society confirmed today (April 28) that it will be increasing the rates on its instant and limited access savings accounts. Savers who use these accounts are set to enjoy a hike of up to 0.25 percent which comes as various banks and building societies look to raise their rates in line with the recent increase to the Bank of England base rate. As part of its remit, Nationwide has stated it will continue to keep all of its savings rates under review to make sure it is supporting savers.  Nationwide’s limited access accounts which will experience a 0.25 percent rake hike include the Single Access ISA, e-Savings Plus and Limited Access Saver. Furthermore, the rate of the building society’s loyalty accounts, such as the Loyalty Saver, Loyalty ISA and Loyalty Single Access ISA, will be raised from 0.40 percent AER to 0.50 percent AER. While this is happening, Nationwide is set to be raising the increasing rates on all its instant access accounts. This will include the Instant Access Saver, Instant ISA Saver and Cashbuilder, with all accounts going up by 0.10 percent to either 0.11 percent, 0.13 percent or 0.15 percent AER. READ MORE: Man fearing 'deep hole of trouble' learns how he could save 'colossal amount' of money  How much each saver will see in an interest rate rise will depend on the amount saved in the account. On top of this, Nationwide’s Flex Regular Saver will continue to be available for current account members. This particular savings account pays a “highly competitive”, according to the building society, at 2.50 percent AER. Those who have signed up to Nationwide’s SavingsWatch will be reminded of any rate changes that will affect them either through text or email. When announcing the latest series of interest rate increases, the building society noted its reputation for paying “more than the market average”. As of late, Nationwide’s average deposit rate has been more than 50 percent higher than the market average. Tom Riley, the director of banking and savings at the building Society, outlined why this is important for Nationwide in delivering for its customers. Mr Riley explained: “As a mutual, we have to ensure that we balance the value we provide our savers with that which we offer to our borrowers and wider membership. “We regularly review the rates on our savings accounts to ensure that we continue to offer the best rates that we can. “Despite recent rate changes across the wider savings market, we have continually paid more than the market average. “These changes also follow on from the rate increases we made in February to our children’s, regular savings and loyalty accounts. “Our focus remains on providing a range of competitive savings products to our members, which is why we are keeping our Flex Regular Saver on sale for our current account members.”  Last month, the Bank of England raised the base rate for the third consecutive month to 0.75 percent. The building society is also reminding its mortgage members who are on the building society’s Base Mortgage Rate (BMR) and Standard Mortgage Rate (SMR) products of pending changes. Customers on the BMR and SMR will experience an increase of 0.25 percent. The new interest rates of 2.75 percent for the BMR and 4.24 percent for SMR) will be implemented on June 1, 2022.