It’s “desperate and unethical” cried the Labour leadership. It’s “the opposite of the nature of God”, chorused the woke Archbishop Justin Welby. The Government is “a mean spirited set of lying charlatans without an ounce of decency” added the virtue-signalling former footballer, Gary Neville, who fancies himself as a politician. Meanwhile, the millions of Brits who welcome the plan are written off as disgusting, cruel and lacking in any human compassion. The polling on this varies, with some suggesting the Rwanda plan is supported by most people, and some saying the reverse. It depends on the question. But what is undeniably true is that millions of people think it’s a bold attempt to deter people from risking their lives in the English Channel and to stop the queue jumpers who are, in any case, perfectly safe in France. I’m no fan of the EU, but I wouldn’t call it a war zone from which refugees need to flee. As it happens, there is a good, measured argument against the Rwanda plan. And if you listen carefully, amidst all the lefty fury, you’ll hear one or two who have actually thought this through. They warn that it might fail as a deterrent, contravene the UN Refugee Convention and end up being challenged in the courts. Fine. We understand all that. We’re ready for failure, while we hope for success. But most of the left seems so fuelled with hate and misplaced moral superiority that they’re incapable of making this rational case. So instead of engaging in proper, reasoned debate, while giving us a good alternative that might deter Channel migrants (spoiler alert: there isn’t one), they engage in spluttering fury, abusive comments and playground insults. But the more these virtue-signallers splutter with rage the more they undermine their own cause. They are stuck, simply, in a vicious spiral of anger and defeat. Each time the country votes Tory, or confirms its intention to leave the EU, the left throws up its hands in horror and dismay, points at us with a giant trembling finger and screeches, “You lot are a bunch of evil bigots!” Which just means they lose again the next time round. It's been going on for years. When Margaret Thatcher died, thousands of left-wingers reacted not with dignified silence, as you might hope, but by tweeting “Ding Dong the Witch is Dead”. What about Thatcher’s grieving family? Couldn’t give a monkey’s. And look at 2015 general election. No sooner had the result been declared than a war memorial had “F*** tory scum” scrawled across it. Meanwhile on social media, lefties let loose: “To the selfish morons who voted for Cameron et al: I hope you are proud of yourselves,” was one comment picked up by the media. “I am f***** furious, Tory voters are nothing but selfish and inconsiderate,” snarled another. “Who are these ***** who voted Tory?” asked yet another, obviously bewildered by the result. Is that the way to win us over? Is hate and condemnation the way to attract us? You don’t need a degree in psychology to realise that accusing someone of degeneracy is a nailed-on means of alienating them. No wonder the Tories won again in 2017. And in 2019.   Hilary Clinton discovered all this to her cost. Needing to attract prospective Trump voters, she decided, with sensational ineptitude, to write them off as a “basket of deplorables”. The next thing she knew, the Donald was being sworn in. Go figure. Is it really so difficult to get your head around rule number one for attracting voters? It’s simply this: show people respect, even if you strongly disagree with them. Tony Blair understood that. But just about every lefty that’s followed him, from Jeremy Corbyn to Angela Rayner, seems incapable. So what are we left with? My political education began in 1979 with Thatcher’s first victory. That was 43 years ago, during which time we’ve had 30 years of Tory government. Blair and Brown’s 13 years were the only blemish on a near half-century of continuous Conservative rule. And this will carry on until the left – politicians, celebrities, journalists, academics and millions of Tweeters – stops demonising and starts understanding. After all, if Labour is to win power in 2024 many Tory voters will need to change sides. Calling them bigoted scum is not a great start. 