Again, this week he was mired in controversy after it emerged he was given more than £1million pounds via an alleged Turkish fraudster and is now named in a High Court battle. I won't bore you with the details (Andrew has declined to comment on the legal case) but suffice to say, there's barely a year goes by without this pampered buffoon becoming embroiled in some scandal or other. That said - and I know it's hard to believe - I was appalled by this week's cruel criticism of the Queen because she'd walked into Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey escorted by her bad boy son, Prince Andrew. The clear implication was that she'd made a huge mistake by putting him at the centre of the memorial service and in doing so she was insulting all victims of abuse. First, Andrew hasn't been convicted of any abuse.That's not me sticking up for him - it's a fact. Second, after 70 years of loyal service to this country, years in which she often put duty above her own family - and was harshly criticised for it - the Queen has earned the right to walk into her husband's memorial service with whoever the hell she wants. For once she put family first. We might not like it or agree with it, but Andrew is still her son and it was right he was allowed to sit in the front row beside his siblings to say goodbye to his father. What did people expect, for him to be smuggled into the Abbey through a back door and made to pay his respects from some dark, dusty corner? I'll tell you, wild horses wouldn't have been able to stop me saying goodbye to my mum or dad. But what disgusted me was those savagely attacking the Queen for daring to want her son at the memorial service. She's his mother, for God's sake. She loves him - whatever he's been accused of. Even murderers get to go to their parents' funerals. But, no, social media screamed: "How dare she." "Big mistake." "It's the end of the monarchy." No, it isn't, but it might soon be the end of Elizabeth's reign and, for once, she wanted to do something for herself. This was an emotional day for her - her final goodbye to the man she had loved and shared her life with. And she cried, as she probably knew she would, which is no doubt why she wanted to be surrounded by all of her children.That memorial service wasn't about Andrew. It was about our incredible Queen and for one day, what she wanted should have been accepted and respected.   Some might think this was the start of Andrew trying to wheedle his way back into public life as her walker now Philip has gone. But that's never going to happen because we won't be seeing too much more of the Queen in public. She's increasingly frail and a frantic round of engagements isn't practical at 96. Plus, there's no way Prince Charles, who will take on many of his mother's duties, would ever allow Andrew back into public life. Let's give the woman who has devoted her life to this country a break. She may well regret that duty kept her from doing right by her children as they were growing up, and maybe now she wants to show them love and loyalty. So the snipers need to back off. At that age, Her Maj deserves to do something for herself - even if it is to support the waster of a son who has let her and the Monarchy down!