Outlining Putin’s plan, former Air Vice-Marshal Sean Bell explained that briefings from experts now suggested he would focus on the Donbas region to the east of the country. At least 1,563 civilians have been killed since the Russian invasion of Ukraine began, according to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).  The UN agency has recorded 3,776 civilian casualties in Ukraine so far with as many as 1,563 killed and 2,213 injured, it said in its latest update posted Wednesday. Speaking about the Russian leader’s next move, Mr Bell said: “It looks like his initial plans of taking over Ukraine has failed. But what is his Plan B? “MoD briefings and experts seem to reinforce the view that he is likely to focus in the east. “Some of the troops are marching at Belgorod, ups, and north of Kyiv and were fully expecting that he will redeploy troops from Kyiv and also from Russia, and focus on the Donbas.”  According to his analysis, Putin would target Donbas for three main tactical reasons. He said: “Russia has invested over the last 10 years in insurgency there and would be keen to bring that into conclusion. “Secondly, all the supply lines are much easier to bring things from Russia, whether it’s troops, fuel, or weapon material.  READ MORE: Desperate Russian claims US general captured destroyed by BBC expert “And likewise, we have not seen Russian airpower much involved over Ukraine. I suspect near the Russian border there will be a lot more confidence. “We will see Russian airpower much more involved.” Donbas, an area along the Russian-Ukrainian border, has been the site of conflict since 2014 as the two nations have struggled for control of the region. He continued: “If he still aspires to take the whole of Ukraine, this conflict will go on for years rather than weeks or months.  DON'T MISS:Britain to be lashed with 4cm snow as bitter -5C cold snap returns Biden gaffe leaves White House reeling Macron savaged by Polish PM “What looks more likely is that he will focus his ambitions and then be ready to negotiate.”