Amazon Prime Video’s smash-hit thriller series based on Lee Child’s Jack Reacher novels has already been renewed for a second season, and there could be many more missions for the ex-military officer to come. Sadly, the show’s stellar supporting cast will be traded in for a brand new set of characters when the series continues. Alan Ritchson’s Jack Reacher will be joined by a brand new cast in Prime Video’s confirmed second season of the new TV thriller. Based on Lee Child’s first book, Killing Floor, the first season of Reacher proved a hit for readers and newcomers alike thanks to its tense storytelling and strong central performances. Unfortunately, the likes of Willa Fitzgerald’s Roscoe Conklin and Malcolm Goodwin’s Oscar Finlay probably won’t be coming back to aid Reacher’s next case. However, showrunner Nick has admitted there’s a chance some familiar faces could pop in here and there. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry “I will say this, and I'm not trying to be coy or cute: You never know if a character might come back,” he revealed. Reacher and Roscoe’s brief yet romantic fling in the first season became one of the biggest selling points of the new TV adaptation of Lee’s novels. Sadly, supporting star Willa hasn’t been confirmed to return for another instalment, although demand from fans could convince Nick and the writing team to bring her back. Nick explained to TVLine: “We might come up with a great idea and say, 'You know what? Maybe that character can work in season two or season three', and then you bring them back for a bit or for an extended visit." On the other hand, bringing back his former allies for cameos and guest spots could threaten to damage Reacher’s reputation as a nomadic vigilante. “Reacher is not a character who runs around with an entourage,” the showrunner added. “He's a lone wolf, so you have to stay true to that.” Author Lee has also admitted it was tough to say goodbye to some of the first characters he created after they were brought to life on screen over 20 years later. “Reacher moves on all the time, and I was so sad I would never see Finley or Roscoe again,” he told Express.co.uk and other press. DON'T MISS:Star Trek's Kate Mulgrew admits she hasn’t watched Discovery reboot [INTERVIEW]The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth pays tribute to co-stars [VIDEO]Outlander author on character ‘showrunners were loath to lose’ [INSIGHT] “I mean, literally, I was almost in tears at that prospect. And I felt the same thing at the end of this season. I wish I’d called it ‘Roscoe,’ now, and we could have had more!” While there’s a chance some familiar faces, such as his private detective friend Frances Neagley (Maria Sten) could come back, don’t expect Reacher to start building up a contacts list any time soon. His parents and older brother may well come back for some more revealing flashbacks, but it doesn’t look like fans should expect Reacher to strike things up with Roscoe again. Season two will most likely be based on Lee’s second book, Die Trying, but Nick is spoiled for choice where Reacher stories are concerned. “It's tough,” he admitted via ComicBook. “There are 26 books, and then there are short-story anthologies. “And there's so much thought that has to go into our decision. Do we want it to be similar to season one because season one was successful? Do we want to go a little different? There's so much that Lee gives us to choose from.” The next season could involve a terrifying kidnapping if Die Trying does indeed form the basis of Reacher’s follow-up. The series is still in the early stages of production, though, so fans will just have to look forward to Lee’s next book, No Plan B, coming to shelves in October this year. Reacher season 1 is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video.