The most exclusive dinner in all of golf took place last night with Hideki Matsuyama unveiling a specatacular looking menu for the Masters Champions dinner. Players must have won the Masters in order to receive an invitation to the prestigious meal and the event winner produces the menu the following year.  After winning the green jacket in 2021, Matsuyama had the honour of compiling the menu ahead of this year’s tournament and it didn't disappoint. The 30-year-old made history by becoming the first Japanese player to win at Augusta. He revealed a tasty-looking Japanese-inspired menu, which saw the banquet begin with assorted sushi, sashimi and yakitori chicken skewers. Next up was a miso glazed black cod, with dashi broth - which is made from water, kombu (dried kelp), and bonito fish flakes. The next course would be a wagyu beef ribeye steak served with mushrooms and vegetables, and sansho daikon ponzu - a citrus dressing with pepper and radish. The wagyu is graded a5 - meaning it is Japan’s finest. A Japanese strawberry shortcake was served as the dessert and capped off an impressive menu from the defending champion. JUST IN: Tiger Woods confirms he's set to play Masters just 14 months after near fatal car crash  This is a far cry from the lobster fritters, pigs in blankets and filet mignon chosen by 2020 winner Dustin Johnson ahead of last year’s event with many winners choosing to honour their homeland in their choice of menu. Following his first Masters victory in 1997, Tiger Woods opted for the traditional American foods of cheeseburgers and chicken sandwiches for the dinner in 1998. Before last night’s dinner, Matsuyama said he was looking forward to the banquet with the former champions, but was also feeling rather apprehensive. “I don't speak English very well and so it's kind of a two-sided coin,” he said. “I'm looking forward to it, of course, to be with all those great past Masters champions but, at the same time too, very nervous about the speech I will be giving.”  The event’s former champions arrived in style and tucked into a Japanese dinner.    His peers thoroughly enjoyed his meal, as 2017 winner Sergio Garcia tweeted: “Thank you #HidekiMatsuyama. A memorable and five-star Champions Dinner. @TheMasters." While Vijay Singh, champion in 2000, wrote: “Champions Dinner tradition. Thank you Hideki for an incredible Japanese-inspired dinner.” The 86th edition of The Masters will begin tomorrow and conclude on Sunday April 10.  