Kate and William could be overshadowed in the coming years as their children George, Charlotte and Louis rise to the forefront of the public eye, according to royal correspondent Richard Palmer. The royal expert described the Royal Family as a "national soap opera" as he argued that the popularity of individual royals, such as the Duke and Duchess, can easily go up and down. Mr Palmer told the Express's Royal Round-Up: 'It's a national soap opera the Royal Family and there always has to be a black sheep of the family. "So people's popularity will go up and down. "It may well be you get 15 years down the line, and William and Kate are the Prince and Princess of Wales, and people by that stage are sort of, younger people certainly, saying we are far more interested in Prince George, Prince Charlotte and Prince Louis then we are with Prince William and by then Princess Kate. "So it is always going to be an issue for them I think." The royal correspondent was also asked by host Pandora Forsyth about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's relationship with the Royal Family. Mr Palmer said: "I think he needs to stay onboard publically at least with the Queen. "He has been very clear in trying to distinguish between criticism he and Meghan have made of the institution with criticism of the Queen. "I think they have avoided criticising the Queen."  Prince Harry decided not to return to the UK for Prince Philip’s memorial service at Westminster Abbey last week. Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield has told Express.co.uk that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex lack the “room to heal” their relationship with the Royal Family. The couple remains distant from the rest of the royals two years on from their bombshell interview on US television with Oprah Winfrey. “I don’t think that there’s any room to heal at this point because there’s so much pushback from the Sussexes," said Ms Schofield. “I just feel like there’s so much animosity right now that they’re considered outsiders.” This week Prince Harry surprised Invictus Games Team UK competitors with a video call as members gathered for a final training camp before the event takes place in the Netherlands later this month. The duke founded the games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe, by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics. After being delayed by the pandemic, the next staging of the international competition will take place in The Hague from April 16 to 22. 