Princess Anne has concluded her Australian tour after spending the last two days in the Oceania country. The Princess Royal is representing the Queen during her Platinum Jubilee year. She has now landed in Papua New Guinea with her husband Timothy Laurence for the second leg of her royal tour.  Anne walked off her luxury private jet and her outfit did not disappoint. The Princess looked very suave in a chic beige suit, which she has paired with a bright blue shirt. The beige suit features pinstripes and the shirt’s collars are wide enough that the blue adds a nice pop of colour to her suit. Anne paired the suit with a matching pair of beige loafers for the occasion.  This outfit is remarkably similar to one Princess Anne wore in the 1970s during her youth. Back in the 1970s, Princess Anne wore trouser suits all the time. On September 1, 1973, the Princess paired a beige trouser suit with a bright yellow shirt. The outfit was almost identical to today’s outfit, except back in the 1970s Anne appeared to pair the suit with a long gold chain.  In contrast, for today’s outfit Anne accessorised with a stunning brooch which has rarely been seen. The golden brooch appears to feature two birds sitting side by side on a little twig. The Princess has only been photographed wearing the brooch a few times. It seems to represent two birds sitting on a branch.  The birds look identical to the Raggiana bird of paradise, which is the national bird of Papua New Guinea. Princess Anne has many bird brooches, but most likely chose today’s option as a nod to the country which she is visiting. Royal fans took to social media to praise the Princess Royal’s style. One royal fan @DianaDZ007 took to Twitter saying: “Princess Anne is like a lady boss!”  Another fan, @CarolannMcKni12 tweeted: “Spectacularly beautiful and truly natural as Princess Anne’s beauty starts from the inside.” On Monday and Tuesday, Anne and her husband will tour the island nation, visiting Caritas Technical Secondary School, St John Ambulance, the Bomana War Cemetery, the Adventure Park Papua New Guinea and the National Museum and Art Gallery. During her trip, Anne will open a Women's Resource Centre at Vabukori Village and the National Cardiac Diagnostic Centre at Port Moresby General Hospital. She is also expected to meet elders and community leaders at Hanuabada Village during her two-day tour. 