Body language expert Judi James said that Harry displayed "trepidation and humility" at the event. However, she said he also wanted to look "casual and confident", indicated by his hand in his trouser pocket. Meanwhile, Meghan wanted to display an "ongoing love of the public", Ms James said. Harry and Meghan arrived in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games yesterday, after paying a covert visit to the Queen at Windsor Castle on Thursday. This will be the first Invictus Games since 2019, as they were forced to take a two-year hiatus due to the COVID-19 pandemic. After they arrived in the Netherlands yesterday, the couple attended a reception with athletes from Team USA and Team Ukraine. It is the first time the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been together on European soil since they stepped back from royal duties in March 2020. Speaking about their body language at the event so far, Ms James said: "Harry’s facial expression says it all here. "His emphatic eye-crinkling and his head tilt as he smiles suggests a return to the cause and the people that he loves, while his hand-cupped self clasp hints at a small amount of trepidation and humility during this first public appearance for a while. "Harry also fiddles with his wedding ring here, which seems to signal how important the support of his wife and family still are to him. "This is a partial-barrier and partial self-comfort gesture that shows the ongoing bonds between himself and his wife Meghan. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'in and out in 15 minutes' on secret visit to Windsor "His hand is on top of her in the clasp, hinting at a similar desire to lead and protect as we saw during their first public appearance many years before." Speaking to the MailOnline, she added: "Meghan’s hand is cupped upward in a gesture of submission and the way Harry has his other hand stuffed into his trouser pocket suggests a desire to look casual and confident. "Meghan’s white pants suit might be more sophisticated than the ripped jeans and boyfriend shirt she wore back then but her hand on her heart gesture signals a desire to show an ongoing love of the public." Earlier this month it was revealed that Meghan and Harry will be followed around by a camera crew at the event, after announcing the production of Heart of Invictus last year - the first show of their multimillion-dollar deal with Netflix. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry's meeting with Queen could be used in Netflix series [REVEAL] Royal LIVE: 'Talking about Prince Harry' gives William 'a headache' [LIVE] Meghan and Harry's covert visit to Queen at Windsor Castle confirmed [REPORT] The series will follow the journeys of individuals competing at the games, which was founded by Prince Harry to support former members of the armed forces. Reports have claimed that Harry will appear on camera and be credited as an executive producer on the series, which will be produced by Archewell productions. The couple met with the Queen for the first time in more than two years in a whirlwind visit to Windsor Castle on Thursday. The visit was described as an "olive branch" by royal expert Ingrid Seward, who told the Sun they could use the meeting to "clear the air". She added: "[The Queen] is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms." The couple also reportedly met with Prince Charles while they were in the UK.