Bridgerton season two is on Netflix now and the TV series showed a different side to Queen Charlotte (played by Golda Rosheuvel). She very rarely mentions her own marriage to King George (James Fleet), who remains hidden due to his health condition. Historical experts Quizlet spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the real King George's illness. The latest season of Bridgerton highlighted the emotional vulnerability of a number of characters. Queen Charlotte showed her sensitive side at the end of the second season, following the disastrous wedding between Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran) and Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey). Edwina had fled from the altar having found out about her sister Kate's (Simone Ashley) secret love affair with Anthony. The Sharmas approached Queen Charlotte to explain their next move, and fans were surprised when King George burst through the doors. He believed it was the day of his wedding and asked why his wife was not ready. READ MORE: Bridgerton season 3: Who does Benedict Bridgerton marry? The queen, looking shocked and concerned, told her husband to go back to his room. However, Edwina, understanding the love he still had for his wife, spoke calmly to him. Quizlet told Express.co.uk the real King George III's illness came as a result of porphyria. They said: "The king and queen in Bridgerton are based on the real-life royal couple King George III and Queen Charlotte. "While rarely shown in Bridgerton season one, King George plays a very important part in the Bridgerton storyline. "Nicknamed in history as ‘the mad king’, scientists have since discovered that King George’s illness came as a result of a rare hereditary disorder called porphyria. "It is down to this illness that his son, the prince regent and later George IV, took over from his duties in 1811 - hence this timeframe being titled ‘the Regency era’. "Following the American war, King George suffered several bouts of illness that have been recorded in history, which later led to his rapid decline. "While King George only makes a few appearances during Bridgerton, his illness and later insanity was pivotal to the history of the United Kingdom." Porphyria is a group of disorders that result from a buildup of natural chemicals that produce porphyrin in the body. DON'T MISS... Calam Lynch famous family: Who is the Bridgerton Theo star's mother? [EXPLAINER] How old is Edwina Sharma in Bridgerton? [INSIGHT] Bridgerton's Jonathan Bailey has advice for the season 3's lead [INTERVIEW] Porphyrins are essential for the function of haemoglobin, a protein in red blood cells that links to porphyrin, binds iron and carries oxygen to organs and tissues. Quizlet explained: "By 1813, King George was said to be virtually blind due to cataracts, suffering from extreme pain caused by rheumatism, and was mentally incapacitated. "As a result, he would not have been a prominent figure in society, court included. "In reality, King George III lived in complete seclusion at Windsor Castle until his death in 1820." In one of the most touching scenes of the series, Edwina Sharma treated the king in a way no one else had. While the Queen was keen to keep him hidden away, the young debutante made him feel like he was 'normal'. She managed to shake the king out of his confused and erratic state. Her speech about the love the king and queen had for one another left both the queen and Edwina's mother Mary (Shelley Conn) feeling emotional.  Bridgerton seasons 1 and 2 are on Netflix now. Seasons 3 and 4 have already been commissioned.