The absence of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex at Westminster Abbey for Prince Philip's memorial on March 29 has once again sparked questions over the pair's plans to travel from California to visit the Royal Family in London and Windsor – a matter said to be causing trouble in their relationship. According to celebrity astrologer Emili Adame, Harry "wants to come back" while Meghan "does not – she has other plans". Ms Adame, who predicted some "challenging" times ahead for the Sussexes, was quoted as saying: "I think to a lot of the energy I was seeing, I was seeing all the trouble that was coming right after the wedding. "What I do still see is more chaos." Harry and Meghan's marriage has been subject to scrutiny ever since their first royal tour. As they travelled around Australia, Fiji, Tonga and New Zealand in October 2018, it became clear the two were not like the royal figures the British public was used to – at least when it came to their ties with the media. READ MORE: Prince Harry treats royal fans to 'very special surprise' in new video In Princes and the Press, the two-part BBC documentary that explores the troubled relationship of Harry and his brother William with the British press, Harry can be seen on the trip "staring daggers" at the journalists who accompanied him and his wife. In the first episode, The Times' royal correspondent Valentine Low recalled: "Harry had been pretty grumpy on that tour. "There was a long, and incredibly boring welcome ceremony in Fiji. And it was very interesting watching them both because Meghan was sitting just absolutely perfect on a little throne, Harry was just glowering." The tour was the first of many events at which the parents of two — and their dynamics as a married couple and senior royals — were watched closely, with many associating that arguably excessive attention with their move to the US in March 2020. Their decision was announced as a joint take and Harry and Meghan have since seemed united at all times. However, Ms Adame told ToDiForDaily's Kinsey Schofield she foresaw the incoming plight of "a very challenging marriage, very challenging". She said: "I can see two roads, one of the roads that I see is that the relationship itself, they could grow apart at some point emotionally. "But that Harry would feel a duty to his children and would not leave them but I do see a lot of problems in the relationship." DON'T MISSShould Charles and William put foot down to keep Andrew out of Jubilee? [POLL]Meghan's 'influential' style causes search boom as fans aim to copy her [INSIGHT]Kate and William 'overwhelmed with remorse' after 'eye-opening' tour [REPORT] The astrologer added: "I see her having a lot of heartache right now. "I feel he [Harry] wants to be back home and she does not - she has other plans." Her words come as Harry prepares to travel to the Netherlands later this month to attend the Invictus Games, the competition he founded to use "the power of sport to inspire recovery" for injured servicemen and women. After being delayed by the coronavirus pandemic, the event is taking place in The Hague from Saturday, April 16 to Friday, April 22. The 2017 edition of the Games, in Canada, was the first time Harry and Meghan appeared together in public. They had been dating for just over a year and got engaged roughly two months after. Meghan is not thought to be accompanying Harry this time. A statement by the Palace at the end of the documentary read: "A free, responsible and open press is vital to a healthy democracy. However, too often overblown and unfounded claims from unnamed sources are presented as facts and it is disappointing when anyone, including the BBC, gives them credibility."