Max Verstappen has attacked Lewis Hamilton’s decision to invest in a bid for the takeover of Chelsea football club. Verstappen said he thought the seven-time champion was an Arsenal fan and claimed he would never buy a rival sports team if in a similar position. The reigning champion also claimed he would want to “take the decisions’ of a club and not only own a small amount as in Hamilton’s case. It comes after Sky announced the Briton and tennis star Serena Williams were along the investors backing Sir Martin Broughton’s bid for Chelsea. Speaking to PA, Verstappen said: “I am a PSV fan and I would never buy Ajax. And if I was going to buy a football club I would want to be the full owner and to take the decisions myself, not own just a tiny percentage. “I thought he was an Arsenal fan? And if you are an Arsenal fan going for Chelsea, that it is quite interesting. But everyone does what they want with their money so let’s see what comes out of it.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and Serena Williams 'pledge £20m' to Chelsea bid It was first announced Hamilton and Williams were ready to invest £20million into the deal. However, a spokesperson for Lewis Hamilton later claimed the figure was incorrect but confirmed the Mercedes’ driver's interest. The spokesperson said: “We can confirm that Lewis has joined the Sir Martin Broughton bid, however the financial figure reported in the Sky article isn’t accurate.” It is believed Hamilton pointed out his experience in sport and advancing diversity and inclusion as part of his investment into Chelsea. He and Williams also have experience in building global sports brands. Sir Martin Broughton’s bid now has backing from several iconic sports stars with former Team GB athlete and London 2012 frontman Lord Coe also in the background. DON'T MISSHamilton has Arsenal tattoo as F1 star ‘pledges £10m to Chelsea deal' [INSIGHT]George Russell shoots down Lewis Hamilton rivalry fears  [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen labelled Lewis Hamilton's 'heir'  [COMMENT] But Hamilton has previously been spotted donning the shirt of the club's London rivals Arsenal and is a fan of the club. As part of an event with Sky Sports, the seven-time champion even played a game alongside Arsenal legend Thierry Henry. He previously told the broadcaster: “I have been watching Arsenal play for a long time, being with them through the highs and lows. If I can’t keep up with the game, then my best friend will call me every day, to give me all the updates." "I have been watching Arsenal play for a long time, being with them through the highs and lows. If I can’t keep up with the game, then my best friend will call me every day, to give me all the updates."