 Cody Bromley and Selina Chhaur took their castmates by surprise when they announced they’d decided to call it quits on the latest episode of Married At First Sight Australia. Their relationship has continued to entertain viewers as they have occasionally shared their doubts throughout the series. However, in a surprise twist, Cody has called it quits with his reality show wife in front of the experts, leaving Selina heartbroken.   Despite arriving at the reunion hand in hand, the 30-year-old swim coach told his on-screen beau he wanted to end their marriage. After producers called a break, Brent Vitiello rushed over to give the 33-year-old hairdresser a hug. According to an inside source, the decision left the cast in shock, revealing: “It was a surprise to everyone. “They looked so happy together and never looked stronger,” they added to Daily Mail Australia. READ MORE:Antiques Roadshow guest stunned over 'unbelievable' Rolex valuation While the episode is yet to be aired, fans saw cracks in their relationship from the very beginning when Selina shared the insecurities she felt in their marriage. During their final vows, which were filmed back in December,  the TV star told Cody: “I never thought coming onto this experiment, I'd cry so much and have so many moments where I felt so alone [even] when you were right there, by my side. “I find you hot and cold, warm one day and then distant the next, and I'm constantly stuck in a cycle of confusion and unease.” “We've had some shocking lows and blows. But to your credit, you've stuck by my side, when you've had so many opportunities to write leave every week,” she continued. Selina added: “Because of all of this, I stand here and ask that you continue this one of a kind, incredible relationship with me so we can share and create more memories, grow with one another and live our best lives together outside this experiment.” While their vows seemed to solidify their marriage, despite their initial teething problems, it seemed as though the pair would walk hand-in-hand into the sunset, but unfortunately, the reality is different. Since the split, Cody has revealed why he broke things off with Selina, explaining: “Right now I'm obviously hurting so it's obviously not an ideal situation. “You just feel a bit hollow, you're appetite is gone,” he added to Entertainment Weekly. The fitness enthusiast claimed he was thinking about their future which will benefit from the split in the “long-run”. He told fans: “I didn't want to do it, but I just think in the long run it was the right decision... I hope." Meanwhile, co-star Ella Ding has revealed why she gave her husband Mitch Eynaud a second chance, despite breaking things off at the final vows. The announcement came at Sunday's reunion dinner party when the lovebirds shared their rekindled romance after several secret meetings on the Aussie Gold Coast. Ella said spending time together as a couple without producers around was exactly what their relationship needed. It came after Mitch reportedly struggled to be himself while the camera was rolling 24/7. Standing face-to-face at the altar, Mitch asked his bride: “'How can we walk out of here together as partners when at the moment, I don't see this as a substantial relationship?” He concluded: “What I need now is to go back to my life, to my family, to my friends.” Married at First Sight Australia series 9 is available to watch on All4.