A British historian has slammed the lack of celebrations on St George's day in England compared to those for national saint's days in other parts of the United Kingdom. David Oldroyd Bolt argued on GB News that only England "feels embarrassed to celebrate its national day." Mr Bolt told GB News: "Saint George's Day was celebrated really on a par with Christmas at this period and right through pretty much until the Act of Union in 1707. "I think one of the reasons it's fallen off in practice over the past 300 years is because it was felt after the Act of Union that well, no, we're all the United Kingdom now. "There's a Great Britain and to elevate England above Scotland would not be politically sensible. "We've had now 25 years of devolution and encouraging Saint Andrew's day of encouraging Saint Patrick's Day, Saint David's day.  "It seems a bit odd that one part of the constituency of the four constituents of the United Kingdom should feel some kind of embarrassment about celebrating its patron saint's day, it's national day." He added: "I think there is perhaps a rather residual idea that it's somehow xenophobic or racist. "Because of a few idiotic football fans in the 90s who used to go around and beat up for it foreign football fans while wrapped in the flag, "But you don't allow one deviation to ruin an entire symbol."  It comes as Martin Daubney, deputy leader of the Reclaim Party, made an appeal for people to start "being proud of being English again" in an article penned for Express.co.uk. Mr Daubney wrote: "Throughout the 1980s and 90s the British media eagerly made the flag of St George the banner of football hooligans and 'lager louts'. "Thanks to the English Defence League, the transformation of St George’s Cross into the swastika was complete. "This rotten groupthink is now de rigeur among our woke intellectual class." DON'T MISS:Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION]Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT]Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL]  He added: "Over the years, there have been half-hearted campaigns to make St George’s Day a Bank Holiday. "After all, Scotland get a St Andrews Day holiday, and all the Irish get the day off for St Patrick’s.