Easter falls on the third weekend of April this year, with April 17 marking Easter Sunday. The long weekend allows plenty of Britons time off work, but what does this mean for supermarket opening hours? Here are the opening hours of some leading supermarkets over the Easter weekend 2022. Aldi will be operating reduced hours on Good Friday between 8am and 10pm. On Saturday Aldi will be open between 8am and 10pm. On Easter Sunday, Aldi will remain closed, but will reopen on Easter Monday between 8am and 8pm. Asda will be open on Good Friday between 12am and 10pm. On Saturday, Asda will be open between 12am and 10pm. Asda will close on Easter Sunday and reopen on Easter Monday between 7am and 7pm. READ MORE: ‘Plenty of imaginative play’ Aldi shoppers love £60 garden Specialbuy  Co-op will operate normal opening hours on both Friday and Saturday. On Easter Sunday, Co-op will close large stores and convenience stores. All locations will reopen on Easter Monday, serving normal hours. Lidl will be open during its usual opening hours on Good Friday and Saturday. Stores will be closed on Easter Sunday. Stores will reopen on Easter Monday between 8am and 8pm. DON'T MISSEugenie & Beatrice have contrasting marriages - body language [REVEALED]George Best vanished: Express man knew where to find him – in Marbella [INSIDER]Baileys launches delicious Eton Mess Liqueur for a limited time only [DEAL] Morrisons will operate during normal hours. On Easter Sunday stores will be closed. The majority of stores are open on Easter Monday between 7am and 8pm with the exception of a few who are open till 10pm. Sainsbury's will be open on Good Friday and Saturday serving normal hours. Most stores will be closed on Easter Sunday, apart from a few locals Normal opening hours will apply on Easter Monday. Most stores will operate normal trading hours on Good Friday, however, stores that usually open later will close earlier than normal. Tesco will operate normal hours on Saturday and then close on Easter Sunday, with the exception of Tesco Express. Some stores will open on Easter Monday, but the specific hours of operation will vary depending on location and store type. Waitrose will open on Good Friday between 8am and 8pm. Normal hours will resume on Saturday, and then supermarkets will close on Easter Sunday. On Easter Monday, Waitrose stores will be open between 8am and 8pm.