BBC's upcoming programme, Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof, will see the Iceman training eight famous faces in a series of gruelling challenges using cold therapy and other extreme methods. Thursday's BBC Breakfast explored the challenges involved and journalist Justin Rowlatt gave some of the techniques a go himself after meeting Wim.  While presenter Charlie Stayt did reiterate viewers shouldn't try the challenges at home, many flooded social media with concerns and complaints, arguing the techniques used were too "dangerous" to be encouraged. Justin met Wim who talked through one of his extreme breathing exercises. This saw him breathing slowly before holding his breath for almost four minutes. "No force, no need for breathing, we all can do this," Wim remarked as Justin held his breath. Following the exercise, he admitted: "I feel a bit sort of dizzy and tingly." READ MORE: Kate Bliss children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? He added: "I feel weird, to be honest. But I do warn you if you're thinking of doing this at home, you do feel quite light-headed, almost a bit queasy when you're doing it." He warned viewers: "You must be very careful because this can be dangerous." Turning to Wim, he went on: "Be honest, some people have died doing your things..." "Hey, don't do this in the swimming pool, swimming," Wim replied. "For that, you do free diving techniques." Explaining the motives behind what he does, Wim stated: "The cold is that what tackles our greatest problem of modern times - those are cardiovascular-related diseases." BBC journalist Owain Wyn Evans took part in the series, and also chatted to Charlie Stayt and Rachel Burden about his experience. "We filmed it at the start of the year in the northern Italian Alps and oh my goodness you two, it was like a combination of my biggest fears, which encapsulates being in cold and being in cold water. "You might think, 'why on earth am I doing such a show'? but it was amazing. DON'T MISS... Corrie's Charlie Lawson hits out at 'woke' soaps for 'box ticking' [VIDEO]MAFSA: Reason Mitch Eynaud and Ella Ding broke up [LATEST]Richard Madeley slammed for Scarlett Moffatt religion interrogation [REACTION] "It sounds very cheesy but it did change my life, this experience." He also made clear the techniques required a lot of training and shouldn't be attempted by those at home. "As you said, Charlie, you need a lot of training to be able to do this, and that journey was also really interesting for us," he reflected. Viewers weren't reassured by the warnings, though. Twitter user Andrew Mellor wrote: "#BBCBreakfast shamelessly trailing another bbc programme, with an old bloke who can do circus tricks… Jesus…" @Philm2244 penned: "This guy is dangerous. Sudden cold can send you into shock and could cause a heart attack or hypothermia. How ridiculous is this. Watching celebs suffer. Typical trashy TV. #bbcbreakfast." John ingram asked: "So is this ice loving nut job part of the new energy saving policy? Is this why the bbc are plugging him? Who needs central heating #BBCbreakfast." @wendubyer echoed this, commenting: "It's almost as if #BBCBreakfast are saying 'You lot moaning about being cold, look here's a bloke who walks barefoot in snow, stop moaning about Gas prices'." @selexiak remarked: "#bbcbreakfast Oh, of course Owain did it, didn’t he. He’s also a sitting duck for #strictly." James Mayes complained: "So this whole "story" is just one long plug for some rubbishy new series on BBC. Let's have some real news on our news program #bbcbreakfast." BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One.