Ms Truss, 46, will share her views at Mansion House in London on Wednesday where she will issue a stark warning to the West while talking about the current situation in Ukraine. For months Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has been asking Western allies for more weapons to fight off the Russian invasion.  In a major speech, Ms Truss will argue that Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine shows the need for a shake-up of the international structures which failed to prevent Russia’s actions. She will argue that Western allies need to impose even tougher economic sanctions to increase Russia’s isolation, including cutting off oil and gas imports “once and for all”. She is expected to say: “We will never feel safe again. So we must be prepared for the long haul and double down on our support to Ukraine.” In a call to Western allies, she will say: “We cannot be complacent, the fate of Ukraine remains in the balance.  “And let’s be clear, if Putin succeeds there will be untold further misery across Europe and terrible consequences across the globe. “Heavy weapons, tanks, aeroplanes digging deep into our inventories, ramping up production. We need to do all of this.” Ms Truss will say the way global security works “has failed Ukraine” and although she will praise the West's response to the invasion, she will add it needs to “follow through” to ensure aggressors “fail” and are “contained” in the future. Meanwhile, Russia’s defence ministry has accused the UK of “provoking” Ukraine into attacking Russian territory, while foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said NATO is engaging in a proxy war. READ MORE: Russian aircraft filmed 'dancing' to the ground after Ukrainian strike On Monday Mr Lavrov claimed the West was “pouring oil on the fire” by providing Ukraine with firepower and repeated warnings that the conflict could lead to a third World War. On Monday, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace announced the UK would gift a small number of Stormer vehicles fitted with launchers for Starstreak anti-aircraft missiles to give Ukrainian forces “enhanced, short-range anti-air capabilities both day and night”. He also told the Commons around 15,000 Russian troops have been killed since Russia launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, while 2,000 of its armoured vehicles had either been destroyed or captured. Western countries have donated hundreds of millions of pounds of military aid to Ukraine since Russia launched its invasion back in February and NATO and European Union officials are meeting in Germany to discuss further military assistance. DON'T MISS:Macron SNUBS Johnson's ambition to fix 'broken' relationsNorth Korea boasts of ‘invincible power’ that ‘no one can touch’ Kate Middleton acts as mediator