Tesco is the latest supermarket to recall a popular food product. Shoppers who find themselves in possession of recalled products should not eat them but instead return them to the store. Tesco is recalling Tesco Free From Digestive Biscuits because they may contain small pieces of metal which makes it unsafe to eat. The pack size is 160g. The best before end date is March 2023. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has issued a risk statement. READ MORE: Prince George & Princess Charlotte are 'partners in crime' The agency said: "This product may contain small pieces of metal which makes it unsafe to eat." As for the action of the company, the FSA assured customers: "Tesco is recalling the above product. "Point of sale notices will be displayed in all retail stores that are selling the product. "These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product." They advised Tesco shoppers to read the supermarket's notice. Tesco warned its customers: "We have been made aware that one date code of Tesco Free From Digestive Biscuits 160g may contain small pieces of metal. "Please do not eat these biscuits instead return any affected product to a store where a full refund will be given. No receipt is required." The supermarket giant continued, issuing an apology to consumers. It said: "Tesco apologises to our customers for any inconvenience caused." For further details, Tesco urged shoppers to contact Customer Services directly on the following: UK: 0800 505 555 ROI 1800 248 123. Food recalls are rare, but occur when there is a health and safety or potential health and safety issue surrounding a product. The FSA concluded: "If there is a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold, then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "The FSA issues Product Withdrawal Information Notices and Product Recall Information Notices to let consumers and local authorities know about problems associated with food. "In some cases, a 'Food Alert for Action' is issued. "This provides local authorities with details of specific action to be taken on behalf of consumers."