The Today Show presenters Karl Stefanovic and Alison Langdon spoke to royal expert Russell Myers about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The Royal Editor for Lorraine and The Mirror revealed the couple will be travelling with a private security team but will also take advantage of Dutch authorities during their trip. Russell explained: "He skipped Prince Philip's memorial as we well know and the rest of the Royal Family were there. “There were royals from all over Europe at Westminster Abbey for Prince Philip’s memorial and still Harry and Megan couldn't be bothered to turn up. It's frankly ridiculous." Allison quipped: "It's getting harder and harder to defend them." "I can't even look at them,” Karl remarked and Alison added: “And you used to love Harry.” Read more: 'No appetite for Meghan to come back' Royal expert says Stefan continued: “Yes and I was even partial to Meghan back in the day. “Maybe the first season of Suits. Then it was all downhill from there." Meghan and Harry have been given VVIP status when they travel to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. This will be Meghan’s first trip to Europe since the couple stepped down from the Royal Family. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have undergone “hostile environment” training ahead of their visit. The couple’s private security team have reportedly spoken to Dutch authorities to secure a “high-level multi-agency protection programme”. According to reports from The Mirror, this will include a “detailed extraction process” in the case of a “personal or larger scale terror attack”. Royal expert Camilla Tominey recently addressed Meghan’s decision to join Harry in the Netherlands on This Morning. DON'T MISSFerrari launches passionate defence of 'quintessential' Royal Family [INTERVIEW]'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces [VIDEO]Andrew spotted grinning from ear to ear on horse ride after Queen talk [INSIGHT] Camilla explained: “It is a bit bizarre because [Harry’s] claiming to the Home Office that he can’t come back to the UK because he hasn’t got adequate security, clearly he feels he has got adequate security in the Netherlands. “So they employ private bodyguards but their argument is when they come to the UK as a family they should have Met police protection. “But we still can’t quite work out why he couldn’t come to the memorial because the entire event was enveloped by the Met police. They would have been a part of the royal major eventing police operation that that was.” “If [Meghan] goes to the Invictus Games, of course, they are entitled to go wherever they like whenever they like, they are no longer members of the Royal Family and she’ll be there supporting him charitably. “But it sort of suggests there’s no appetite for Meghan to come back to Britain and maybe some people would say, ‘I wouldn’t blame her’. “But, of course, the Queen is not getting any younger, she hasn’t seen her great-grandchildren, she hasn’t seen Archie since November 2019. “She’s never met Lilibet their daughter who’s her namesake so maybe they’ll come for the Platinum Jubilee.” The Today Show airs on Australia’s Channel 9 on weekdays from 5.30am.