Torrential rain and strong winds towards the middle of this week will give way to another savage Arctic plunge at the weekend. Temperatures will nosedive around 15C between Wednesday and Saturday before a snow deluge from which ‘no one is immune’. Low pressure from the Atlantic will lock horns with bitter Arctic winds battling with no let up until mid-April.  Exacta Weather forecaster James Madden said: “Colder weather will dominate through the start of April, and up until mid-month it will be unsettled with showers and the risk of further snowfall. “This is the weather pattern we expect to be the prominent theme through the first half of the month.” Shivering Britons will get a brief respite from the cold over the next couple of days although forecasters warn to brace for wind and rain. Weathertrending’s John Hammond said: “Early on this week we are going to see milder air flooding in from the Atlantic. “On Tuesday it stays mild with further outbreaks of rain across the north and the west. “The fun starts mid-week as low pressure moves across the country bringing wet and windy weather. “In the wake of that cold air is going to move southwards yet again.” Temperatures will plummet again ahead of the weekend with parts of the country at risk of snowfall, he warned. He said: “Temperatures will drop during the second half of the week. “There are question marks over further frontal systems moving in off the Atlantic pushing into that cold air which raises the possibility of some rain turning to snow.   “Nobody is immune, but at this time of year it is high ground in the more northern areas which are most at risk.” Britons hoping for a return to the glorious sunshine and blue skies from the end of March will have a long wait. Unsettled conditions will hold out until Easter at least driven in part by the jet stream stubbornly wedged over the UK. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “There is going to be rain on and off, and up and down temperatures really for the next two weeks. “We expect no return to the warmer, settled conditions which we saw at the start of spring at least until Easter. “Temperatures will lift to around average at the start of the week before temperatures drop again ahead of the weekend in another cold plunge.” Temperatures will rocket to 15C in the run up to mid-week before nosediving back below freezing at the weekend. Swathes of Britain are on alert for strong winds and torrential downpours before which threaten to turn to snow as the mercury plunges. Mr Hammond said: “The direct feed of air from the North Pole will become cut off from us early in the week, but the jet stream will plough a more southerly track than is typical for this time of year.  “This will direct rain-bearing weather systems and milder air in from the west, followed, especially after midweek, by chillier plunges from the north again, together with an ongoing risk of frost.” The topsy-turvy weather is keeping bookies on their toes as the odds tumble on Easter snow and April rain. Coral is offering 4-5 on the coldest April on record with evens on a white Easter while Ladbrokes are at 10-11 for record rainfall this month. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "There's every chance next month goes down as a record-breaking wet one with temperatures set to plunge and rain ready to batter Britain." Coral's John Hill added: “It has been a cold start to the month, and with temperatures set to remain low for a while just yet, the odds have been slashed on this ending as a record cold April.” Temperatures will creep upwards over the next couple of days before the cold sets in again ahead of the weekend. 