Liverpool hero and Sky pundit Jamie Carragher has poked even further fun at Manchester United legend Gary Neville following the Reds' 4-0 win on Tuesday - with a video of Neville claiming United were one of the 'top four teams in the world' resurfacing after the humiliating loss.  A double from Mohamed Salah and goals from Luis Diaz and Sadio Mane put Ralf Rangnick's men to the sword on what was quite simply another disheartening result under the German's control. But that didn't stop there, with United fans being ripped to shreds online. Many old predictions from the summer have been brought up with United fans admittedly acknowledging they could not have been further from the truth. And Neville has been laughed at yet again by Carragher for his tip, which has been shown to be wrong on multiple occasions throughout the campaign. "#MUFC in the top 4 teams in the world @GNev2?," Carragher tweeted with a shrugging emoji. Not to be stopped there, Carragher then posted a video beneath, detailing the comments that Neville will more than likely be regretting, which came after United's 4-1 win over Newcastle in September to put them top of the Premier League. READ MORE: Three players Arsenal can sign to fix issue Ian Wright has picked out  "I don't think I've seen, in Premier League history, four teams as good as the top four that we've got at the moment," Neville said back in mid September. "And I don't think we've seen the Premier League as good as we've seen at this moment in terms of quality. "We could have the four best teams in the whole of the world at this moment in time in Chelsea, United, City and Liverpool." Neville waxed lyrical about the two main title challenges over the last few seasons in City and Liverpool, before moving on to United and Chelsea. "Chelsea are strong like you wouldn't believe, and Manchester United with the introduction of [Cristiano] Ronaldo, [Jadon] Sancho and [Raphael] Varane are going to be right in there amongst it," Neville continued. "We've never really had a true title race of four teams. This could be a massive ding-dong this season." DON'T MISS  United currently sit three points behind Tottenham in fourth, albeit having played a game more. Their next two fixtures involve crunch clashes against Arsenal and Chelsea in what is almost certain to determine their future in European football next season. One thing is definitely certain - they will not be classed as one of the world's best four if they carry on as they have done this campaign. 