The Home Secretary said the scheme had already sparked interest across EU nations. It will see mainly single men who enter the UK illegally sent to the central African country for processing of asylum claims.  Denmark has been in negotiations with Rwanda for two years over a similar plan but failed to get it over the line, Ms Patel added. After striking the deal with Rwanda's foreign minister Vincent Biruta, Ms Patel spoke to the Danish government on Wednesday, ahead of the announcement. She said: "I'm convinced [the model] is world class, obviously a world first, and it will be used as a blueprint going forward. I would not be surprised if other countries start coming to us directly on the back of this."  Denmark wants to cut its refugee numbers to "zero" and passed laws last year to let it send asylum-seekers abroad while their cases are processed. Ms Patel also spoke to the Council of Europe, an organisation created to uphold human rights, democracy and the rule of law in Europe, which was "interested" in the plan. She said: "They understand that we cannot carry on as we are. They recognise that there is a problem and that we have to work together to find a solution." She said the first wave of removals is expected this summer.  Critics say the plan is inhumane. Labour MP Diane Abbott said: "Priti Patel is a disgrace. All she cares about is pandering to racists." Meanwhile, the UN refugee agency called the move "unacceptable" and a breach of international law. Gillian Triggs, a UNHCR assistant secretary-general, said the agency "strongly condemns outsourcing the primary responsibility to consider the refugee status". The Home Secretary earlier said it was "easy to condemn" but opponents had failed to come up with alternatives.  COMMENT BY JAMES DENSELOW At a time of record levels of displacement, the British Government has announced it will send some of those seeking sanctuary in the UK on what could be a one-way ticket to Rwanda. This decision is inhumane, cruel and even dangerous. It may do the opposite of breaking the people smugglers' business model by refocusing their efforts on vulnerable women and children. We are calling on the Government to halt this unethical, damaging scheme. Policies should focus on ensuring pathways for safe and regular access, such as family reunification and extending humanitarian visas, rather than criminalising the vulnerable. JAMES DENSELOW IS HEAD OF SAVE THE CHILDREN'S CONFLICT & HUMANITARIAN TEAM