The thrilling NCIS spin-off will bring its current outing to an end in the next few weeks, with an episode helmed by series stars Daniela Ruah and Eric Christian Olsen still to look forward to. Now, the NCIS: Los Angeles stars have taken to Instagram to confirm the CBS drama is headed on a well-earned break before work begins on season 14. Daniela posted a video of herself and co-star Eric this week to confirm NCIS: LA is heading on its spring break. Filming for the 13th season’s final six episodes will be coming to an end soon, and the stars behind agents Kensi Blye and Marty Deeks have officially wrapped up for now. In her new post, Daniela wrote: “Just two silly gooses signing off from season 13. “Putting Densi on a shelf for three months before we come back to your sweet embrace in season 14!” READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ The co-stars will be taking a lengthy break from filming between seasons before production on the next instalment gets started in July in time for a September premiere. Daniela’s latest update featured a humorous video of herself and her on-screen husband Eric confirming their schedule for the series. “Let’s try this again… What day is it today Eric Olsen?” Daniela asks. Her seemingly confused co-star suggests: “Tuesday? It’s Tuesday.” “NCIS is on tonight. Is Blue Bloods on tonight? I never miss my boy Tom Selleck.” The two on-screen agents descend into laughter before Daniela makes another attempt to get a solid answer from Eric. “What day is it today?” she demands. “What are we celebrating today?” Eric feigns confusion again, and asks: “Is it your birthday? National Soup Day?” DON'T MISS:NCIS: LA’s LL Cool J lines up new TV role [LATEST]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Monica’s death sealed by vision clues [THEORY]Russian Doll’s Maxine star on season 2 filming ‘challenge’ [INTERVIEW] Daniela gives him one more chance, and Eric finally confirms: “Today is the last day of filming season 13.” She proceeds to make an excited scream and the pair descend into a high-pitched sing-off. Their exciting filming update should mean the next few episodes of NCIS: LA season 13 will be airing over the next few weeks without a hitch. Fans will even be treated to a double-bill, Hard For The Money and Live Free or Die Standing, on Sunday, May 1. The latter will also be directed by Daniela, with Eric making his screenwriting debut, marking the first time the two co-stars have collaborated on their own episode. NCIS: LA will reach an exciting milestone the following week, as episode 20 of this season, Work & Family, will also be the show’s 300th entry overall. Until then, fans have another thrilling mission for G Callen (played by Chris O’Donnell) to look forward to this Sunday when he reunites with someone who could reveal more about his mysterious past. NCIS Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.