Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Anne are set to visit the headquarters of the Royal College of Midwives and Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists on Wednesday for a rare joint appearance. Kate is a patron of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG), while the Princess Royal is a patron of the Royal College of Midwives (RCM). The pair will visit both organisations’ headquarters to learn about the ways they are working to improve maternal health care. The occasion marks their first-ever engagement as a duo as the pair have only ever carried out public engagements as part of a larger family group. Zoe Forsey, the host of Pod Save The Queen, said on the latest episode of her podcast that Anne and Kate were a combination she “wasn’t expecting to see.” She said: “It was interesting to see — and really nice to see — those two together, because I can’t recall a time we’ve ever seen them together.” Russell Myers, the Daily Mirror’s royal editor, claimed that the collaboration came from the “very top”. READ MORE: Kate Middleton required 'lots of care and strategy' to marry Prince William, claims expert He said: “I have been saying this for a quite a while, that there would be a lot more collaboration between them because, well there not only has to be, but I think in the wake of the Sussexes leaving, they really did want to batten down the hatches and help each other — especially after coronavirus and it was really from the very top. “The Queen was saying: You do really need to work together, that is what the monarchy is about — helping each other to present and publicise your causes, because that is the only way that they are going to survive.” Both Anne and Kate  are among members of the Firm who took on more responsibilities following the shock exit of Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle, stepping down of Prince Andrew, death of Prince Philip and recent ill health of the Queen. Pauline Maclaren, co-author of 'Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture' has claimed the unusual pairing of the two royal women is means of “modernising the royal brand”. Ms Maclaren told Express.co.uk recently: “It foregrounds once again, the crucial role that the young royals will play when Prince Charles becomes king. “They are particularly important at this time when we see more of a transition taking place because they are the bright future of the monarchy and the most appealing aspects of the royal brand.” She added: "We have heard that Kate is going to be given more single duties to perform and who better to learn from than her aunt who has frequently been praised for her dedicated service. “Kate will therefore benefit from Anne’s expertise and Anne’s work will gain a higher profile with Kate by her side.” DON'T MISS Kate Middleton is 'special' while Sophie Wessex is more 'accessible' [ANALYSIS] King Felipe VI's staggering wealth laid bare for first time [REVEAL]Camilla taking on Queen Consort title was 'not inevitable' [REPORT]  During today's visit (on April 27), the royals are set to meet with representatives from Tommy’s National Centre for Maternity Improvement to hear more about what digital tools are there to support women with higher risk pregnancies. The pair will also partake in a roundtable discussion with new mothers and experts in the sector; the conversation will focus on measures being taken to tackle the inequalities in maternity care. To conclude their visit, Kate and Anne will meet recipients of the Royal College of Midwives awards — which recognises outstanding achievement and commitment in the field. The engagement makes up just one of many in the two royals’ busy schedules. Both Kate and Anne have recently returned from Royal Tours in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The Duchess of Cambridge and her husband Prince William undertook an eight-day tour of the Caribbean last month. The couple visited three destinations — Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas – but faced some backlash due to protests calling for reparations from the Royal Family over their ties to the slave trade. Earlier this month, Anne and her husband Sir Timothy Laurence undertook their first tour since the pandemic, visiting Australia and Papua New Guinea. Anne has long been admired for her dedication to the Firm and hard work in her career as a royal. Last year, the Times named her the Royal Family’s busiest member, having carried out an impressive 540 official duties both at home in the UK and overseas. During her four-day trip to Australia and Papua New Guinea, the Princess Royal packed in an impressive 20 engagements. Despite not working together previously, Kate and Anne are said to be “good friends”. The Duchess reportedly also has a close bond with Anne’s daughter, Zara Tindall, whose daughter — Mia — is the same age as Prince George, Kate and William’s eldest son.