Chloe (played by April Rose Pengilly) has been keeping her attention on work and building friendships of late on Neighbours, following her failed efforts in love with Nicolette Stone (Charlotte Chimes). With a big Fashion Week event taking place at the Lassiters Hotel, the last thing on her mind at the moment is falling into a new relationship. However, something pulls her towards newcomer Kiri (Gemma Bird Matheson) and with it seeming the pair are willing to give things a try, a new job offer could see them make an unexpected exit from the Channel 5 soap. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Kiri is getting used to living with Chloe, Mackenzie Hargreaves (Georgie Stone) and Freya Wozniak (Phoebe Roberts). So far, Nicolette seems to have been the only one to show a romantic interest in Kiri after they spent a night together during the River Bend saga. When the newcomer found out about Nicolette's past though, she had a sudden change of heart and distanced herself from the troubled character. However, when the mother of one hears her former love interest is going on a beach trip with some other regulars from Ramsay Street, she invites herself along in hopes she can get another chance with Kiri. It seems her efforts are a success as the pair begin talking and the new arrival thaws towards Nicolette, giving the latter some false hope. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Meena Jutla to fall pregnant before she exits Believing she might be within a chance of developing a relationship with Kiri, Nicolette's ex-girlfriend Chloe comes into the picture. Seeing someone having a romantic interest in her new houseguest makes Chloe a little jealous and her interest in the newcomer is piqued. As the pair enter each other's orbits a bit more at home, it seems more and more chemistry is building between them as the sparks fly. Finally getting some alone time, the flirtation is turned up another level as they speak about their mutual attraction. Trying hard to resist the temptation of kissing one another, the pair lean in but suddenly pull away as they know what they are doing could be dangerous. The fact they are living together mixed in with Nicolette having a past with both of them makes the romance a little tricky. They agree they will keep things on a friendship basis but having opened up about their attraction for one another, it's not going to be easy. Realising they should put themselves first, the pair could end up going for it and exploring a relationship, regardless of the consequences. Of course, they are both going to get some heat from Nicolette as she won't be happy to discover what has been happening. However, after so much bad luck with romances since arriving on Ramsay Street, Chloe might have found someone who could make her happy. DON'T MISS...Jason Donovan health: 'It's an illness' - star on his addiction [COMMENT]Natalie Imbruglia health: Masked Singer winner on her chronic disorder [COMMENT]Margot Robbie turned down plan to buy house in London after Brexit [COMMENT] Just as they are getting settled into their relationship, Chloe could get some news about her job as it could be she is being offered the chance to launch another Lassiters Hotel in another part of Australia. As she has just started things with Kiri, she would be left with a dilemma as she wouldn't want to risk her career for the sake of a romance. Sitting down with Kiri, Chloe could explain she really wants to make things work and she wants them to move away together. Knowing Nicolette is also going to be looking over their shoulders at every chance she can, Kiri could agree to leave with her girlfriend. With the show ending later this year, this could be the perfect end for Chloe as she finally gets her happy ending. The actress who plays Kiri, Gemma, has spoken out previously about her character's new romance with Chloe, who wasn't identified as the person of interest at the time. Gemma said in an interview with Inside Soap: "There's more romance, of course. "I think Neighbours fans are going to have some opinions on Kiri's love interests and where they end up," the actress added. This could be a huge hint her relationship with Chloe could result in her leaving just months after arriving on the show. Viewers could be shocked to discover Chloe is willing to make such a commitment so early on but long-time fans of the show will be happy to see her get a fairytale ending. Taking to Twitter, fans have been speculating about the romance, with Laura writing: "Is Kiri going to get together with Chloe then? #Neighbours." "Nicolette - Kiri - Chloe love triangle incoming," Oliver added on the social media platform, Marie added: "So I caught up with #Neighbours and I will admit that as much as I was dreading the Chloe/Kiri scenes they do have quite an easy-going vibe about them." Amber commented: "Pity that just as we get an interesting houseful at Chloe's, with plenty of potential, we know the series is ending." Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 5:30pm on Channel 5.