Manchester United have been given ‘less than once per cent’ of a chance of beating Liverpool at Anfield by former Arsenal midfielder Paul Merson. The two Premier League heavyweights clash on Tuesday having experienced contrasting fortunes this season. United are battling for a place in Europe having endured a tough campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. The Red Devils are fifth in the top flight but could still finish as low as eighth. Rivals Liverpool are just one point off league leaders Manchester City and could still win the Premier League, the Champions League and the FA Cup. Any further trophies would add to their League Cup success back in February. United’s narrow 3-2 win over relegation-threatened Norwich on Saturday was just their second victory in eight matches across all competitions. The 20-time English champions are set to appoint Erik ten Hag as their new boss and the Dutchman has a huge task of overhauling a stale squad. JUST IN: Jurgen Klopp agrees with Ralf Rangnick about current Man Utd state And outspoken ex-England star Merson has given United next to no chance of beating in-form Liverpool. Jurgen Klopp’s side recorded a dramatic 3-2 FA Cup semi-final victory over Man City in their last outing. Merson told Sky Sports: “You're looking at tomorrow, Manchester United are going to Liverpool and in my opinion I don't give them one bit of a chance. I don't even given them one per cent of a chance.” He added: “They're now going to Liverpool and if they drew 0-0 it'd be their best result of the season.” United boss Rangnick has either coached or been director of football at teams for whom several Liverpool stars have played. The German has praised Klopp for the job he has done with the Anfield outfit and revealed he shares a similar outlook on football to his countryman. DON'T MISS...Liverpool get Champions League boost after Villarreal's Moreno setbackSimon Jordan sides with Man Utd fans over booing Paul PogbaCristiano Ronaldo will be a 'problem' for Ten Hag claims Carragher  "I didn't say how much influence I had on those players but it's pretty obvious a big club like Liverpool, one of the best clubs in Europe in the last couple of years, they have six former players [from] Schalke, Hoffenheim, Salzburg and Leipzig. It's probably the highest number of players that nobody knew by the time we gave them debuts,” Rangnick said on Monday. "This obviously has got to do with a similar idea of football. Jurgen and I have known each other for a long time, I know how he wants to play and having six players that used to play for former clubs of mine is not a coincidence.” Asked if United can replicate Liverpool’s recruitment model, Rangnick added: "If this should be a role model, I don't know. It's definitely no coincidence what's happened there in the last six years. In his first year, when he came during the season after eight or nine games and they finished eighth, and thereafter they just made the necessary adaptations. "They brought in the right players, they got rid of the right players, they just built, they really built a squad and that's why they are where they are." 