Washing machines grow mould due to a variety of factors, including warm temperatures, detergent and fabric softener residue as well as a dark environment. Leaving the door closed after using it can also cause mould to grow. All of these combined can leave households with a foul smelling washing machine as well as mould growing in various places, including the seal. The washing machine seal, which prevents water from coming out of the washer, is the main area where mould grows. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Niki Drvarova wrote: “We just got a washing machine from our landlord but there is mould in the detergent drawer. “There is also mould in the rubber seals. What product can I use to clean the inside of the drum and what can I use to clean the detergent drawer?” The post attracted more than 40 comments from cleaning enthusiasts all recommending different products. READ MORE: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less Ffion Bloomfield commented: “Use white vinegar in the drum.” Lexi Gill said: “I used soda crystals and white vinegar, comes up amazing.” White vinegar is known to have antifungal and antibacterial properties. This makes it a cheap and effective treatment for many types of mould. DON'T MISS:Snow and frost: Prune ‘damaged’ plants to promote new growth [COMMENT]‘Well maintained’ garden can increase house price by £15k [INSIGHT]Kitchen appliances one of the ‘easiest places’ to cut down costs [EXPLAINER] What’s more, white vinegar can actually be used to clean all the parts of a washing machine, including the detergent drawer. It can even help to whiten, brighten, reduce odours and soften clothes without harsh chemicals. Nicola Joyce wrote: “White vinegar all the way, can even use a toothbrush to scrub the seal.” Other group members recommended using a dedicated mould remover product. Rosie Ball said: “Astonish Mould and Mildew is amazing. “I use an old baby bottle cleaner to scrub, works perfect for us. Then once done, I clean once a week to make sure it doesn’t build up again.” Jane Wood commented: “Astonish Mould and Mildew remover and scrub with an old toothbrush.” Jan Lett replied: “I like Jane’s answer!” Tegan Cunningham wrote: “Absolutely the best combo.” Linda Louise said: “Definitely the best!” Astonish Mould and Mildew Remover target stains without the need for scrubbing, removing mould and mildew stains in minutes.utes. It comes in various different scents to help leave a fragrant scent. Available in supermarkets, it’s available for around £1.