Even the most wisened veterans are open to the odd rookie mistake, and golf great Nick Faldo proved he still has room to learn on the last day of this year's Masters. The six-time major champion was part of CBS' coverage at Augusta National when he spoiled an unmissable shot for television spectators. That was after he gave the game away before viewers had a chance to feast their eyes on Rory McIlroy's crowning moment as he tied the record for the lowest final-round score at the Masters. The Northern Irishman's chip from a bunker on the 18th green to complete a remarkable 64 on Sunday will go down as one his finest finishes. “I don’t want to spoil it,” Faldo said just before coverage shifted to McIlroy's feat. “But something incredible has just happened." The response was so measured that it could surely have been avoided, and yet Faldo assured instincts simply took over as a fellow Briton pulled off something momentous. “I know that was a rookie mistake but I’m sitting right in there when it happened, and it was just off the charts,” the 64-year-old said during a recent appearance on the Dan Patrick Show. “And so Jim [Nantz]’s talking to me and asking me a question. When you hear the patrons roar, the crowd go nuts, you can’t come back and go ‘let’s look at Rory live on the bunker on 18’ because you know it’s now on tape.” READ MORE Scottie Scheffler sends emotional 'thank you' message to Tiger Woods after Masters win  The three-time Masters champion continued: “I got caught up on that for a split second and I reacted. And so you’re right, I got it all wrong for a split second. I seriously was shaking because I thought: ‘Rory is going to win [the green jacket].’ I thought, ‘something could happen.’ You know, he’s trying to. We know the story. He pulls off an impossible shot, and his reaction, and I’m sitting right in the middle of it.” Having grown accustomed to tackling nerves during his career as a player, the three-time Open-winner should be no stranger when it comes to that same pressure as a commentator. A legion of fans are likely to disagree with Faldo's assertion that you can't analyse a replay as though it's live—many would even say that's the job of the broadcaster. DON'T MISS Tiger Woods' Masters comeback causes family disbelief - 'It shouldn't be happening' Masters contender Justin Thomas emulates Bubba Watson heroics with incredible escape shot Rory McIlroy girlfriend: Who is Rory McIlroy's wife Erica Stoll?  Breakthrough star Scottie Scheffler ultimately went on to lift the Masters crown, shooting a 71 on Sunday to finish 10-under overall. McIlroy settled for second after Sunday's 64 took him to seven-under, an unimaginable achievement given his prior struggles at Augusta. It was bittersweet considering one of his finest single-round performances—arguably the best—was only good enough for a runner-up finish. The Masters is the one major title that continues to elude McIlroy, meaning Faldo isn't the only one with something to work towards in future.