A fifth of drivers will be in the market for a car this year. A quarter of them plans to buy an electric vehicle, according to new research from AA Cars reveals. The cost of living crisis has led many motorists to cut back on their overall car use with a fifth trying to walk or cycle more in order to save money, and one in 10 taking public transport more often. Despite the cost of living crisis, 18 percent of drivers plan to buy a car this year. An AA Cars poll of more than 14,000 drivers found that a quarter (25 percent) of those in the market for a car this year are planning to purchase an Electric Vehicle (EV). Over a 10th (12 percent) intend to buy a used EV, while 13 percent are looking for a brand new electric model. With the cost of living crisis starting to bite, many drivers are also reviewing their driving costs and how they can cut back on spending. READ MORE: Driving in sandals could land motorists with a £5,000 fine A fifth of drivers plan to cut down on car journeys by walking or cycling more, and in turn, 18 percent are buying less fuel. Younger people aged 18-24 are the most likely to be using their car less frequently, with a quarter planning to walk and cycle more compared to 19 percent of people aged 45-54. Meanwhile, 22 percent of younger people are planning to buy less fuel, compared to 15 percent of people in the 45-54 age bracket. Nearly one in 10 are choosing to take public transport instead of using their car, and three percent are cutting back on maintenance and servicing. DON'T MISS Woman hits out at council after it painted a disabled bay around car [SHOCKING] Drivers could be fined £1,000 for not drinking enough water [REVEAL] The UK council that issues the most bus lane fines makes £3.7million [INSIGHT] Two percent of drivers are also planning to sell a car without replacing it this year. Around the house, 53 percent of people are reducing their heating and electricity usage to save money. A third are cutting back on days out and nights out, while a fifth are cancelling subscriptions to things like magazines, beer and wine clubs, and streaming services. A fifth are also selling unwanted or unneeded items to make some money, while 17 percent are not taking a holiday this year. James Fairclough, CEO of AA Cars said: “The sharply rising cost of living has prompted many people to cut back their spending, and with fuel prices hitting record highs, some drivers who can are switching to walking, cycling or taking public transport to save money. “Nevertheless, it is reassuring for the car industry to see how many people still intend to buy a car this year. “Yet the high cost of fuel is clearly weighing on the minds of many - a quarter of those planning to buy say they will go completely electric and choose an EV.” Mr Fairclough added: “Amid the current economic uncertainty, we also expect many drivers to explore alternative ways to access a car. “We are likely to see increased interest in car leasing, which gives drivers the reassurance of knowing that they pay a simple fixed fee every month, which may also cover maintenance and servicing. “Another way to protect yourself from unexpected and costly repairs is to take out a warranty for your vehicle. “Discovering your car has a major fault which requires immediate action to fix can be a cause of both stress and expense, and often throws budgets into disarray.” He continued: “AA Cars research2 shows a fifth of UK drivers visit a garage for repairs at least twice a year, and spend more than £350 a year just to keep their car roadworthy, and so the protection that a warranty offers may appeal to the many drivers concerned about their ability to cope with an unexpected repair bill.”