Jurgen Klopp has reacted to Manchester United appointing Erik ten Hag as their new manager - with the German admitting he is wary of a United rebuild after being asked if he was concerned that the Red Devils could 'strike back' to become one of England's top sides once again. Ten Hag was announced as United's next manager on Thursday morning, with the north west outfit activating his release clause from Ajax after a seriously impressive stint at the Johan Cruyff Arena. His contract is set to commence at the beginning of pre-season, and there is vast excitement at United over what could finally spell the end of a tumultuous nine-year spell since the retirement of Sir Alex Ferguson. In the time the Scot has been away from the club, United have won just three major trophies, and have failed to win a Premier League. Meanwhile, Liverpool have done the opposite; manager Jurgen Klopp has taken the Reds from Europa League mediocrity to five major accolades in the space of six seasons, and his side could still win another three major honours this season. But Ten Hag's appointment has instilled belief in a complete rebuild at the Theatre of Dreams after his accomplishments with Ajax on a relatively small budget in comparison to that of United. And Klopp, when asked if he was wary that Ten Hag would be the man to make United 'strike back' once more, confirmed his nerves by agreeing that United would more than likely become a top side once more under his control.  READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims  "Probably (the start of them striking back)... yes!" Klopp told a press conference on Friday morning. "They know now what they want to do in the future and they can start it for next season." The former Dortmund boss knows what it takes to win, and has been seen lauding Pep Guardiola recently in what many have dubbed a 'bromance' with their mutual respect for each other being there for all to see. And that could continue next season with Ten Hag, with the Reds boss previously admitting the Dutchman was one of the most exciting coaches in the world. "Erik is rightly regarded as one of the most exciting coaching talents in world football at the moment because of the work he does with Ajax," Klopp said in December last year ahead of Liverpool's Champions League tie with Ajax. "Of course, it [Ajax] is a wonderful club – one of the stellar names of European football – but in this moment it is clear they have outstanding leadership of the organisation and Erik is a big part of that.  DON'T MISSWest Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injuryAjax chief lets slip on Erik ten Hag's Man Utd verbal agreement - 'We tried everything'Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims  "They have had to adapt in recent seasons after losing a few players to rival clubs. I remember from my own experience at Dortmund how that feels and what a challenge it is. "How they deal with it is exceptional. The foundations of the team remain solid and they have recruited well. They have a clear identity. I love watching them, I have to say." United are unlikely to play Champions League football under Ten Hag next season, given that they are three points behind Tottenham and Arsenal having played a game more. However, they could well win an accolade for the first time in five years if they were to take part in the Europa Conference League.