Lewis Hamilton has been given permission to chop down a sugarplum tree at his Kensington mansion, despite opposition from local residents. The Mercedes star purchased the property in 2017 for £18million but some of his work has sparked controversy among locals. A tree surgeon for the seven-time champion had claimed the sugar plum tree was mostly dead already. However, the plans are controversial considering the Briton's previous stance on the climate.Hamilton has previously claimed climate change was a ‘serious threat’ and said everyone had a ‘responsibility to protect our future’. The ruling from Kensington and Chelsea Council means the Mercedes driver can chop down the sugar plum tree completely.The decision also allows him to trim back a magnolia by two metres. READ MORE: Helmut Marko accused of taking 'cheap shot' at Lewis Hamilton One local resident hit back at the decision claiming Hamilton was ‘further increasing’ his carbon footprint. They said: “London, Kensington included, is suffering from bad air quality, which has been deteriorating for years.“I frequently visit and bike through this area which remains one of the nicest in London. Removal of trees like these can only be to the detriment of the area."I dread to think that these beautiful trees may be removed to make space for extension or other structures. The applicant should consider ways to reduce his already high carbon footprint instead of further increasing it by destroying nature. I strongly encourage the council to reject this application."Hamilton has previously won permission to trim back a horse chestnut tree. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton should have 'quit' to avoid Mercedes 'disaster' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton's 'psychological strength' questioned after Imola [INSIGHT]Esteban Ocon explains why Lewis Hamilton was nearly hit in Imola pits [ANALYSIS] However, plans to demolish and replace a summer house in the back garden sparked anger back in 2020. Locals claimed Hamilton ‘never set foot’ in the property and called any building work ‘unnecessary’.One resident who lived in the area for 20 years claimed: “It will cause great disturbance, noise and building pollution to us and the long term residents of the surrounding houses." Hamilton’s Victorian mansion has a 61-metre garden and a private driveway.Metal gates and a wall were also built outside the property last year to ‘improve the character and privacy of the building’. His home also comes with six large bedrooms and two bathrooms as well as four reception rooms.The property is not Hamilton’s only pad with properties also located in New York and Monaco.