Though your duvet does not need washing as often as bedding and sheets, it is still an item that should not be forgotten about when it comes to cleaning. According to experts from mattress company Casper, you should consider washing your duvet somewhere between “every few months” and “twice a year” at the very least. Not only is washing your duvet crucial for hygiene, it also helps to keep dust mites at bay. Furthermore, according to Good House Keeping, the average human “sweats at least 200ml of liquid onto our bedding”, and over time this can lead to musty smells and unsightly marks. Unlike your sheets and duvet cover, though, the duvet itself can be a confusing one to wash. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans on how to remove tap limescale with 2p coin According to Persil, the answer to this question largely has to do with how big your washing machine drum is, and the material your duvet is made from. How to wash synthetic duvet If your duvet fits into your washing machine, Persil recommends washing it on a gentle cycle with "minimum agitation" - so you can use a normal spin setting. After washing the duvet, make sure it is completely dried and aired before returning to the bed. If your duvet can not fit into your washing machine then it may need to be dry cleaned. DON'T MISSProperty: Home interiors must-haves in renovator Emily Canham's home [REVEALED]Liverpool: The £1m property, the doer-upper & the average home [INSIGHT]How to clean your washing machine: Is it safe to clean with vinegar? [EXPLAINER] How to wash a feather or down duvet Persil state: “It is important to check the care label of feather and down-filled duvets and quilts as you may not be able to machine wash your duvet but it may instead require dry-cleaning.” If you can wash your duvet or quilt in a washing machine, wash it on a gentle cycle using a non-bio detergent. After washing, make sure to completely air and dry your duvet before returning it to your bed. How to spot clean a duvet If you notice a few marks on your duvet, you can tackle these by spot cleaning. Stains on duvets should be tackled as quickly as possibly. If your duvet filling is feather or down, try to isolate the stain. Shake the feathers away from the impacted area and then use a gentle stain remover and a spray bottle of water to tackle the area. Wet the stain and the surrounding area, and then apply your chosen stain remover. Pat the fabric with a clean, white rag and leave it to sit for 20 minutes. Casper recommends using an old toothbrush to scrub at more stubborn stains. If you are not doing a full wash of your duvet, be sure to spray the area again with water to remove any remaining soap. Ensure the duvet is fully dry before using it again.