Eamonn Holmes spoke to Coronation Street legend Charlie Lawson during Thursday’s edition of Breakfast on GB News and recalled being arrested with his family under suspicion of terrorism. Eamonn and his whole family were immediately detained upon arrival in Liverpool. He recalled: “The first time I came to Manchester I was arrested and detained under the Prevention of Terrorism Act.” His co-host Isabel Webster joked: “I can understand why!" while Charlie exclaimed: "That’s my boy!” The former Sky News presenter travelled with his family from Belfast to Liverpool in the early 1970s. A lifelong Manchester United fan, Eamonn’s hopes of seeing Old Trafford for the first time were dashed when his family was held in Liverpool over a misunderstanding. READ MORE: Kate Bliss children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? “Because when we arrived in Liverpool on the ferry my father hadn’t got any identification,” he explained. “He hadn’t got a driving license or passport. We didn’t realise why he would have needed one. “And we were detained by Special Branch for that. So it was ‘Welcome to England!’” Charlie revealed he had a similar experience, though he admitted: "That was for a totally different reason!” Thankfully, Eamonn previously revealed the family’s GP was also on the ferry, and vouched for his father to let them through. “I remember the row he got into and he said, ‘I have taken the Hippocratic Oath! You doubt my word?’” he recalled. “‘This man is who he says he is. How dare you?’ Special Branch had to release us!” He previously opened up about the experience on Kate Thornton’s podcast, White Wine Question Time, and maintained the trip was still one of the best days of his life. DON'T MISS:Eamonn Holmes slams delays to clean energy ‘I’ll be dead’ [COMMENT]Gordon Ramsay addresses Future Food Stars' romance [INSIGHT]Outlander season 6 theories: Malva poisons Claire [SPOILERS] “It was scary beyond belief, but it was amazing,” he said. “Everybody was standing and swaying. “It was the first time I ever heard a Newcastle accent. They were all speaking in this language that I didn't understand!” More recently, Eamonn was pulled over by Surrey police this March under suspicion of driving a stolen car. The presenter was believed to have been on his way to the GB News studios, and took to Twitter to praise the officers shortly afterwards. He told his followers: “Pulled over by the police on the way into work and delighted to be so. “A lot of car thefts in my area and they were just checking that the car I was in wasn't one of them... two young officers in their 20's and an absolute credit to@SurreyPolice.” Eamonn and Isabel’s morning show is currently airing from Manchester, which the presenter claims has seen a huge growth in viewership for GB News. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.