Plant foods are the pillar of a healthy diet, but while they offer a wealth of antioxidants, they will also contain anti-nutrients. Consumed in excess, these can inflict substantial harm to the body. Oxalate is an infamous anti-nutrient known to interfere with the body’s natural healing and repair mechanisms and cause inflammation. Foods that contain high levels of the compound, such as tea, rhubarb, cucumber and starfruit, may best be consumed in moderation. Oxalic acid or oxalates are defined as small molecules found in a variety of vegetables and nuts, that bind like calcium to form crystals. Urology of Virginia explains: “Oxalates not only can cause kidney stones but also may be responsible for a wide variant of other health problems related to inflammation, auto-immunity, mitochondrial dysfunction, mineral balance, connective tissue integrity, urinary tract issues, and poor gut function.” Adverse effects reported after overconsumption of oxalic acid have also included harm to connective tissue, neurologic function and tissues of the kidney and bladder. Harvard Health explains that the compound causes harm mainly by binding to calcium and preventing it from being absorbed. READ MORE: What causes kidney stones? Five easy ways to protect against painful kidney stones Scott McDougall, co-founder and registered manager of The Independent Pharmacy, said: “Kidney stones can be formed when you have an excess of oxalate in your body. “Vitamin C is extracted from your body as oxalate. "This means that if you take too much vitamin C then you could be more likely to get kidney stones.” In 2014, a case study described the plight of a 56-year-old man who was hospitalised with kidney failure after drinking excessive amounts of iced tea. The patient was brought to the hospital after complaining that he felt weak and achy, and tests revealed high levels of oxalate crystals in his urine. It later transpired that the patient had been drinking roughly 16 glasses of iced black tea daily. The team on the patient’s case noted that his kidney failure could not be caused by anything other than his high daily consumption of oxalate. Doctor Alejandra Mena-Gutierrez, of the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, who treated the patient stressed that she did not advise against tea consumption, but recommended moderate intake of the beverage to avoid complications. Natural health expert and tea research doctor Tim Bond, for the Tea Advisory Panel, commented: “Tea naturally contains oxalates but in significantly lower amounts than the other foods. "The content of oxalate in black tea is estimated to be 4.68 mg/g for black tea bags and 5.11mg/g for loose-leaf black tea bags. “The evidence shows that tea consumption in amounts of four to six cups daily does not increase any risk of kidney stones. “Anyone concerned about their risk of kidney disease should speak to their doctor about an appropriate diet.” Sources that contain higher oxalate levels include green leafy vegetables, beans, nuts, and beetroots. Overconsumption could present a set of symptoms including painful bowel movements, grainy stools, rash or hives and sudden mood changes. It should be noted that despite these risks, any foods that contain oxalic acid also contain key antioxidants that protect against cancer, so avoiding them is not entirely recommended.