Spring is the time of new beginnings, which makes it the perfect time to discover the wonderful world of craft beer. Even if you're already somewhat of a craft beer connoisseur, there are always new types and flavours to try - it's a growing stream of golden goodness! We're great lovers of craft beer, and believe that it's the best thing since sliced bread. That's why, last year, we launched our own beer club called Hopsmore. Every month we pick out delicious beers from breweries that we think are at the top of the game, and we lovingly put them into boxes to be delivered to our subscribers' homes. This April, our Hopsmore beer box is great. It contains eight great craft beers, and it only costs £8 for first-time customers.  If you haven't done the math, it works out as just £1 per can! Yep, it's beer that's cheaper than chips! We believe that making it this low price will allow more people to get to experience top craft beer, which is our mission. So, as mentioned, if you subscribe online here and use the code 8FIRSTBOX it will cost you only £8. After your first box, you’ll still only be paying £24 every month. Receiving your Hopsmore beer box in the post is something to really look forward to, and you might well find yourself repeatedly checking your window to see if the postman is coming down your street. Join Hopsmore beer club and get your first box for £8 here! It’s perfect for people that would like to widen their horizons and discover the wonderful world of craft beer. A box of eight beers wouldn’t take up much space in your home and should prove to be very handy when you fancy a beer in the Spring sunshine.   It’s also a dream to have when you’re off to a BYOB restaurant, Spring BBQ, dinner party and so on. Join Hopsmore beer club and get your first box for £8 here! There’s a great variety of top beers in this months’ box. Expect a porter with liquorice notes, a Vienna lager, and a pale ale with lychee flavours that will make you feel like you’re relaxing in Southwestern China! Here they are… Join Hopsmore beer club and get your first box for £8 here!  You’ll get free tracked delivery, a tasty snack and a copy of the Hopsmore magazine.   Our Hopsmore magazine comes with every beer box and contains some interesting and fun articles, including a beer quiz and a guide on how to get the most out of our beer-drinking such as what glassware to use. So, enjoy yourself this April. Read interesting articles, have Spring BBQs and dip your toe in the golden stream of craft beer goodness before plunging in. Buy your Hopsmore April beer box of eight beers for £8 here. Please drink responsibly, 18+ only 