Boxing fans were left furious as sound issues disrupted the press conference held by Tyson Fury and Dillian Whyte ahead of Saturday’s heavyweight clash. A persistent ringing noise could be heard on the stream as Fury and Whyte previewed the bout.  The duo have exchanged a bitter war of words in the build up to the fight but it was a relatively friendly media briefing. Much of the pre-fight talk has been dominated by rumours that Fury knocked out Whyte during their sparring days. However, fans who tuned in to watch the press conference had to listen to an irritating ringing noise throughout. BT Sport streamed the event to viewers on YouTube. Fans steamed into the live comments section to complain about the noise. At times, it was difficult to hear the boxers as they talked about their ambitions for Saturday night. The broadcaster blamed Wembley Stadium for the sound issue. A tweet from BT’s dedicated boxing account read: ​”The ongoing sound issues are due to Wembley Stadium." JUST IN: Dillian Whyte misses Tyson Fury open workout due to 'late flight'  Fury and Whyte spoke for around 25 minutes but none of the tension that has dominated the build-up was present. They praised each other, shook hands at the end, and even played peacemaker when John Fury - Tyson’s father - and Whyte’s brother Dean exchanged words. Brixton-based Whyte was twice Fury’s sparring partner when the Gypsy King was preparing for fights with Martin Rogan, in 2012, and with David Haye, in 2013. There have been rumours of Fury knocking down Whyte but both have since denied those claims. The 34-year-old Fury said on Wednesday when asked if those stories meant anything: “Not really, when we sparred years ago, about 2011 or 2012... sparring is sparring. I could have been training for Haye or Klitschko, I can't remember. DON'T MISS...Tyson Fury and Dillian Whyte 'prevented big ruckus' on stagexAmir Khan says he feared for his life as thieves robbed himEddie Hearn tells Dillian Whyte how he can beat Tyson Fury at Wembley “Dillian came in, he did his job like the rest of them, helping me prepare for a fight. It's not about [whether] he beat me or I beat him. He was a part of our team. We ate together, we slept together. “There was no animosity. Every guy I bring into training camp I treat like my own family, I don't disrespect anyone. I don't think you can go on what happened 10 years ago. We're different versions of ourselves, he's improved and so am I. “I think people are underestimating how good a fight this is. I see the odds and laugh at them. There's like 7/1. This is a heavyweight boxing fight. Anyone can win with one punch. If I'm not on my A game, he's going to knock my head right off my shoulders. I'll have to be on form to beat him. And he'll have to be at his best to beat me.” 