The Russian President has ordered his troops not to storm the last remaining Ukrainian stronghold in the Ukrainian port city of Mariupol. In a televised meeting, Putin’s Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu admitted the Russian army was still fighting a sizable number of Ukrainian troops at Azovstal steelworks. Rather than bombard the plant, Putin told his forces to blockade the area so “not even a fly could escape”. He admitted it would be “impractical” to defeat the Ukrainians, with a reported 2,000 still holed up inside in the sprawling labyrinth of tunnels beneath the plant. Leaving the steelworks in Ukrainian hands means Putin cannot declare complete victory in Mariupol, however the city looks set to fall at any moment. Jonathan Jackson, a senior teaching fellow in policing and security at Birmingham City University, told Express.co.uk just how significant victory in Mariupol could prove to be. He said: “The significance of the fall of Mariupol would have impacts both strategically and symbolically. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: 'Insecure' Putin turns to 'last weapon' “One of Putin’s war aims prior to the conflict appears to have been to ensure control of Ukraine’s Black Sea coast and ports, to strangle the country's access to the ‘warm water’ shipping and supply routes. “The loss of the city would certainly be one step closer to achieving this goal, but the symbolism may have much greater implications. “In a war of image and narrative, the eventual capture of the city would be the long-awaited victory that Putin desires and potentially undermine the brave and galvanised resistance shown by Ukraine forces.” Ukrainian forces have fought off a brutal Russian onslaught in Mariupol for almost two months, and what used to be a thriving port city and trade hub now lies in ruins. A reported 20,000 civilians have died in the city, and tens of thousands have been forced to flee their homes. Thousands of civilians now face starving to death in Mariupol, as they are trapped inside the Azovstal complex with only limited food or water. Ukraine’s foreign ministry said in a statement: “Hundreds of civilians, children, injured Ukrainian defenders are trapped in plant's shelters. They have almost no food, water, essential medicine. “An urgent humanitarian corridor is needed from the Azovstal plant with guarantees people will be safe.” DON'T MISS:Xi Jinping's ticking time-bomb as China might be forced to save Russia [EXCLUSIVE]Putin’s 'germaphobia’ rooted in desperate fear of 'losing control' [EXPERT]Le Pen would 'undermine EU institutions': 'Frexit by any other means' [EXCLUSIVE] One of the Ukrainian commanders in the Azovstal complex posted a video last night, admitting that he fears his troops may have only hours or days to live. In the one-minute video, apparently filmed in one of the Azovstal bunkers, he said: “This is our appeal to the world. It could be the last appeal for our lives. “We are probably facing our last days, if not hours. The enemy outnumbers us ten to one. “They have the advantage in the air, in artillery, in land forces, in equipment and tanks.” Putin considers the area around the Black Sea, including Mariupol, as historically part of Russia. More people in the south and east of Ukraine speak Russian, and consider themselves ethnically Russian too. If Putin’s troops seize Mariupol entirely, they would occupy an uninterrupted land corridor from the Crimean Peninsula in the south through to the Donbas region in the east. It would also mean Putin controls 80 percent of the Black Sea coastline, a crucial area for both Ukrainian and international trade. Ed Arnold, a research fellow on European security at defence think tank RUSI told Sky News: “From a military standpoint, Mariupol is the last area the Russians need to secure a land corridor all the way from Russia proper to Crimea. “The fact they haven't been able to do that in 56 days is probably a major source of embarrassment for them. They weren't expecting the amount of resistance they've had from the Ukrainians.” All the while the Ukrainian forces continue to resist in Mariupol, Russia cannot commit its full resources to the Donbas, which it considers the “next phase” of the war. Mr Arnold explained: “Mariupol has essentially been sacrificed to make sure the Russians can't go elsewhere. “The defence there will go down as one of the most significant actions of the first phase of the war, along with the battles at Hostomel Airport and Bucha, which stopped the Russians taking Kyiv.” A reported 90 percent of Mariupol’s buildings have been destroyed in the brutal onslaught, with maternity hospitals and schools among those targeted early on.