Jay Blades, 52, has been hosting The Repair Shop since the beloved BBC One show first aired in 2017. Jay, who opened up about his dyslexia in a documentary earlier this year, has praised his co-stars for giving him the "confidence" to speak about the disorder. In a recent appearance at the Royal Television Society Awards, he thanked restoration expert Kirsten Ramsay for helping him overcome hurdles in order to present the show. Millions of BBC viewers tune in to the watch guests get their most cherished items restored at The Repair Shop barn by Jay and his team of experts. However, many viewers did not know about Jay's dyslexia until earlier this year when he released a documentary called Jay Blades: Learning to Read at 51. The London-born presenter and furniture restorer's reading ability has improved since the documentary, but Jay has never needed to use an autocue to host the show. Jay and many of his colleagues from The Repair Shop recently attended the Royal Television Society Awards where they discussed what it was like working together. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton in double affair drama Speaking about presenting the popular show, Jay explained: "No we do nothing like that, no autocue. "The person who tells me about all the emails is Kirsten, in the emails they send, she lets me know what they're all about. "There's no script. It's all as real as it looks and it's all done in one take so working on The Repair Shop is brilliant for a dyslexic because you just talk the way that you feel. He continued: "You say what it is you're feeling at the time."  Jay has also appeared on Jay Blades' Home Fix and Money For Nothing and claimed he has never used a teleprompter for those shows either. "Everything has to be unscripted," the father-of-one told the Daily Mail. "A lot of the shows I do are unscripted. They're very accommodating to my, you [can] call it a disability, they're very accommodating to that." Addressing his dyslexia, Jay continued: "The confidence to speak about it comes from the people [who] are around you. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop's Jay Blades says he came back from 'very dark place' [LATEST]Jay Blades promises ‘more stuff to come’ after dyslexia documentary [EXCLUSIVE]Suzie Fletcher makes touching tribute to BBC co-stars [UPDATE] "So if you feel comfortable with them... at The Repair Shop we have a lovely family down there, they allow you to feel comfortable so you can open up and just be cool. "So yeah you've got to have good people around you. If you haven't, you're in trouble." Jay left secondary school with no qualifications and nothing to his name other than his reputation as a great fighter. Later down the line, he secured a place at Buckinghamshire New University to study criminology but he only had the reading age of an 11-year-old.  He was diagnosed with dyslexia aged 31 during his time at university but waited until he was in his fifties to get help after struggling with literacy for decades. Jay is certainly not alone, as according to the Literacy Trust, a total of 7.1 million adults in England have "very poor" literacy skills. His BBC documentary about his reading journey shone a light on how dyslexia affects so many people across the nation. Jay Blades: Learning to Read at 51 is available on BBC iPlayer. 