Officers were called to Coventry Road, South Yardley, at around 7pm on Friday and a stretch of the road near the junction of King's Road is expected to be closed until Saturday morning.  Buses are also currently being diverted away from the site of the incident. Investigating officers say they are looking through CCTV footage to try to work out why the crash happened. A West Midlands Police spokesperson confirmed there would be disruptions to travel in the area until Saturday morning. They said: "Part of Coventry Road in South Yardley, Birmingham, is closed as we investigate the cause of a very serious crash.      "We were called at 6.54pm today (Friday April 1) near to the junction of Kings Road. All emergency services attended. "This is a very serious incident, and the road will be closed for a long time. Buses are diverted and you should find alternative routes. Delays are expected until tomorrow morning. "We're working hard to understand what has happened. Our priorities are caring for the people involved and identifying their loved ones. "We have already spoken to some people who saw what happened and have started to identify CCTV cameras that may have recorded the crash." READ MORE: Confused dad fined £650 for driving outside OWN home    According to West Midlands Roads on Twitter, National Express services are likely to be affected in the area. They wrote: "@nxwestmidlands services diverting around planned #A45 #Bypass closures Bordesley - Heybarnes via Coventry Road (X1 and X2), then Coventry Road RTC via Hob Moor Road, Wash Lane and Holder Road (X1, X2, 60). "Stops between closures will not be served." A West Midlands Police spokesperson said officials are also warning people not to share footage of the crash on social media, but are eager to speak to people who have such footage. DON'T MISS:  Fears man dead in blast may have bought appliance to 'deal with cold' [REVEAL] Motorists could be hit with 'avalanche' of parking fines [INSIGHT] Dog desperate for home after crying for five days at rescue shelter [SPOTLIGHT]   They said: "If you live or work in the area, please check your CCTV, dash cam and doorbell footage. "Don't share these images online. Please think of the people affected." Eyewitnesses have also described their shock at the crash with one who called the police describing it as "horrendous". They told the Birmingham Mail: "It was 6.50pm. It was horrendous. "I’ve lived here 10 years and that’s the worst incident I’ve ever seen. It’s shaken me up.   "My son saw one car land on its roof. The other car was in ‘Pocket Park’ which is a little walk through, a patch of grass." Another eyewitness said that emergency services were working "tirelessly" at the scene. They said: "I called the emergency services myself. There were three fire engines, three ambulances, two fast response cars and around a dozen police cars blocking the road. "They we’re working very hard. There was a buzz of people. "It’s very sad but the emergency services were on scene in under five minutes and all worked tirelessly and had to deal with the public trying to cross the police tape."    