Queen guitarist Brian May, 74, has taken to Instagram to share a two-minute video updating his followers on how he is doing after his social media absence. The Queen star revealed he had been "quite poorly" after contracting a "horrible virus". Brian posted the video in view of his three million Instagram followers as he sat in his kitchen. He began: "Hi folks, haven't seen you for a while. It was all a big flurry on the day of the launch. Thank you for being with me at that time. It's quite strange to be in so much contact with everybody then not be in contact. "Actually the reward of my launch was really happy, everyone gave me great feedback from it, thank you very much." Brian then spoke about the other "reward" he received from his launch. READ MORE: 'You f****r!' Gary Lineker's row with motorist amid 'road rage' He continued: "But the other reward I got was getting some horrible virus, which is not Covid, obviously, as I have been testing negative. But this has made me quite poorly. "So I haven't been around much but the record is out. And this record, I can't believe it is number one. "I am utterly thrilled being a man of the ripe old age of 136. This gives me great pleasure." Brian then showed fans the CD version and admitted that it's "great" the album can be streamed, but that the physical copy of the album "is amazing to be out there". The star then gushed over the vintage seven inch single, which he used to buy when he "was a kid". Brian continued: "Thank you for supporting me. I feel like it's been a great journey. "I am happy that everything is out there. I will try and keep you a bit more personally posted as we head into the next part of the Queen journey. "Queen will be back out on the road pretty soon and we start rehearsing next week. So, look out, we're coming to a town near you! Lots of love, take care. " DON'T MISS... Game of Thrones’ Rose Leslie refuses to 'nanny' husband Kit Harington [COMMENT] Madonna, 63, issues expletive fan warning after split from boyfriend [INSTAGRAM] Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband [INSIGHT] Many social media users flocked to the comments to wish Brian well and celebrate the success of his album. Iswearshesvintage said: "Sorry to hear you’ve been poorly Bri, I hope you feel much better very soon. The launch was a brilliant day, from start to finish." (sic) Tracyannee added: "Fantastic number ONE!!!!!! Great, lovely to see you feeling nice." Stevemcnair6459 commented: "Nice one Brian. Thanks for the feedback. It’s fantastic to hear you're happy with the relaunch. "But sorry to hear you weren't feeling too well!" This comes as Brian found himself on the verge of tears as he attended the re-launch event for his 1998 album Another World. At the launch, Brian stepped out at the front of the planetarium to begin a Q&A, but found himself holding back tears after his childhood dream had come true. The Queen guitarist said: "I'm a bit emotional I’m afraid. It was great to see that. "I just wanted to say a couple of words. Firstly, thank you for coming here and helping me launch this epic album many, many years later. Seems very fresh to me because of the way I feel about everything."