Prince Philip died on April 9, 2021, and his incredible life and legacy were honoured at a Service of Thanksgiving at Westminster Abbey last month. Several members of the Royal Family were in attendance to pay tribute to Philip, including his eldest son Prince Charles, who now holds the late royal patriarch's Duke of Edinburgh title.  The Queen's father King George VI bestowed the Duke of Edinburgh title on Philip as he was marrying the future Queen. The Duke held the title throughout his life, and it became synonymous with his charitable venture, The Duke of Edinburgh's Award. But upon Philip's death in 2021 the peerage passed to his eldest son, as is the process for most titles.  READ MORE: Meghan 'had to shrink' for Royal Family like 'Alice in Wonderland' This means Prince Charles now holds the title of Duke of Edinburgh, among several others he already held as the heir apparent to the throne. Prince Charles has been the Duke of Cornwall since his mother ascended the throne in 1952, and in 1958 he was also given the historic title of Prince of Wales. In Scotland Charles also uses the title of Duke of Rothesay, and he holds other subsidiary titles like Earl of Carrick, although these are not actively used. Since inheriting his father's title Charles has remained affiliated with his Prince of Wales title, and he will only hold the Dukedom of Edinburgh until he becomes King.   Prince Philip is thought to have wished for his Duke of Edinburgh title to pass to his youngest son, Prince Edward, in the future. Edward was known to be very close to his father, and he has been heavily involved with The Duke of Edinburgh's Award during his royal career. But whether or not Edward will get the title will be a matter for Prince Charles to decide when he is King, as at that point all of Charles' titles will merge with the Crown and the Dukedom of Edinburgh will be vacant again.  DON'T MISS:Kate wore Queen's necklace as 'bittersweet' tribute to Prince Philip [INSIGHT]Princess Anne husband: Why does Sir Timothy Laurence not have a title? [EXPLAINER]10 of the best pictures of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh [PICTURES] There has been significant speculation over whether Charles will give Edward the title or give it to another member of the Royal Family instead. But as per The Sun, Dickie Arbiter, former press secretary to the Queen, said last year: “That Prince Edward will become The Duke of Edinburgh in the next reign was his father’s and is his mother’s wishes and Prince Charles won’t go against those. “It won’t happen immediately, but by 2029, when Edward turns 65, it will. “Time for speculation, without substance, to cease.” 