Meteorologist Matt Taylor told BBC Breakfast that heavy rains are sweeping from the west through to the east this morning, with southern regions of England braced for a blustery start to the day. While Scotland will see a mix of snow and sleet later on in the afternoon, temperatures should flatten out in England and Wales, hovering around 11 to 13C. Taylor said: “For us, I suppose it's one of the quieter days of the week in some respects. It’s mainly rain that’s going to fall, it’s not particularly wintery out there. “But quite a blustery start and that wind will get stronger as we go through today. There’s a batch of showers out there at the moment. “They’re moving their way from west to east, some heavier ones in the west at the moment. I think heavy showers will go through the morning for England and Wales. “There’s a little bit of sleet and snow mixed in for the north of Scotland, like the Orkneys and the Shetlands, but elsewhere temperatures will be up on recent days.” He added: “During the afternoon, as the showers make their way through, temperatures will be around 11 to 13C for most. “In the northern parts of Scotland there will be winds picking up in the afternoon, around 40 to 50mph for some. “Tonight, though, showers dotted around. Some heavier rain in the southern counties of England and then rain turns to snow as colder air pushes north into Scotland to take us into Thursday.” The wet and icy conditions continue to plague the month of April after one of the sunniest months on record in March. READ MORE: Jet stream to freeze Britain - rain, snow and icy gales till Easter [INSIGHT] England enjoyed its second sunniest March since records began in 1919, with over 168 hours of sunshine, according to the Met office. Wales experienced only its fifth sunniest March but still recorded almost 160 hours of sunshine, while Scotland saw 64 percent more bright skies than usual. Northern Ireland basked in 90 percent more sunshine than average for the month, with a total of 192.5 hours. London and Cornwall experienced the warmest temperatures during the month, hitting 20.8C, while Aberdeenshire recorded the lowest at -9.1C. DON'T MISS: Snow tracker: Scotland braced for -6 Arctic blast - Met Office [REPORT]UK split as unsettled front sparks 5in of snow - Yellow warning issued [REPORT] Weather: Strong winds and torrential downpours to batter Britain [MAP] The Met Office has issued no further warnings for the near future following several days of turbulent weather. They issued one for 6am to 10pm yesterday for an area covering much of Highland and Grampian. It was previously issued for 4pm on Tuesday to 11am on Wednesday. It said: "Snow may cause some disruption across parts of Scotland through Tuesday before clearing northwards.”