Victoria Pendleton, 41, took part in Strictly Come Dancing in 2012, just a mere five days after she had competed in the London Olympics. The sports star was partnered with notoriously outspoken pro Brendan Cole, and has recalled exclusively to Express.co.uk about their "strange" reunion. The couple made it to week eight of the show, before being eliminated for their rendition of the Salsa. Brendan recently took part in this year's Dancing on Ice, finishing second on the show, with Regan Gasgoigne taking first place. Victoria was asked if she had met up with Brendan since they finished competing on the BBC show. She recalled: "Well, occasionally. We still text and see how each of us are doing, how's the family... READ MORE: Jada Pinkett Smith filmed ‘laughing’ as Will Smith slapped Chris Rock "It’s strange as when I moved to Oxfordshire, we lived, literally, in neighbouring villages and he invited me over for food a couple times. "I saw him here, there and everywhere. So, yes we occasionally catch up." Victoria also recalled how "clumsy" the pair were together when they were on the show. She said: "Honestly, the pair of us were just really clumsy. "It was really funny, just always tripping over or slipping over. "During the Quickstep, I had to run up a couple of stairs and I fell down at the last minute on some cases that were part of the stage set. She continued: "In rehearsals, Brendan hit on my skirt and I tripped on the stairs, but in the performance, he tripped over at the last minute, and then pretended it didn’t happen. "We just smiled and tried to ignore it. We were both just having trouble with stairs that day. DON'T MISS... Gemma Atkinson apologises for her 'radio silence' on Instagram [INSTAGRAM] Lorraine Kelly blasts Prince Andrew over Turkish 'fraudster' claims [ITV] Naga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress [TWITTER] "I had a big bruise on my shin from tripping over my own skirt, but it was funny that Brendan then did it. "I kept telling them to make my dresses smaller, as I was only small and short and I can’t walk in them." Victoria has represented Great Britain and England internationally in cycling, winning many titles. She won nine world titles, including a record six in the individual sprint, dominating the event between 2005 and 2012. In 2008, she won the sprint in the Beijing Olympics, and in 2012, she won the gold medal in the keirin at the London Olympics, as well as silver in the sprint. She even took part in Strictly, just five days after she competed in the London Olympics. Victoria admitted of the experience: "I found it absolutely exhausting. "I started training for Strictly I think five days after the Olympics had finished in 2012. "I was emotionally, physically, mentally, exhausted. I didn’t honestly know where I was going or what I was doing or who I was anymore. "It had been such a whirlwind of 12 months." The retired athlete is currently supporting the launch of Slimfast vitality shakes that are packed with 23 vitamins and minerals. Victoria Pendleton is supporting the launch of SlimFast Vitality shakes. Packed with 23 vitamins and minerals and suitable for a vegan lifestyle, new SlimFast Vitality balanced nutrition shakes offer a quick hit of health that also pack a punch in taste. Visit Slimfast.co.uk or @slimfastvitalityuk for more information.