The money saving expert has warned people to “check it now” to ensure they are getting the best value for their money. In his latest financial newsletter, he explained that if the rate is under 1.5 percent then they are “being underpaid” and should not “stand for it”. “The minimum savings should pay is 1.5 percent,” he said. The money-saving expert is urging everyone to check their savings pots, no matter how much is in it. He encourages everyone to review their savings pot - big or small - to make sure they’re getting the most value for their money. It is estimated that UK households put £180 billion into savings accounts during the pandemic as more people were able to work from home and make savings on typical travel costs and food expenses. READ MORE: Martin Lewis recommends overpaying mortgage based on interest rate but 'there's a caveat' “Even if you opened a decent account a few months ago, as rates have increased, you're still likely earning little more than half of what today's top accounts pay.” While rock-bottom interest rates have meant barely any rewards from savings accounts, top savings interest rates have now jumped to their highest levels since July 2019, according to the financial guru. Mr Lewis added: “The minimum savings should pay is 1.5 percent - as that's what you can get in the top easy-access account.” He is encouraging people to check if they can get a better deal on interest rates elsewhere. In his latest newsletter he has put together a list of account options offering 1.2 percent, 1.5 percent and 2.3 percent if people can afford to put away cash for a fixed term. The top easy access account he listed is JP Morgan's new UK Chase savings account paying 1.5 percent AER variable. On the money saving expert website, he explained that easy access accounts are the “bog-standard savings accounts”, where someone can add and withdraw money whenever they want with no strings. Jo emailed the financial consumer website saying: "I moved all of my savings to Chase as my circumstances require instant access to my money. “This will make an extra £480 interest for me this year, plus approx £70 cashback from monthly spending. “This means a great deal to me. I am a pensioner and every penny counts. Thank you so, so much." Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 13 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip