Bleak weather has engulfed the UK in recent days and now lightning has been reported over several areas on Wednesday. The turbulent weather prompted the Met Office to warn Brits of "torrential rain and thunderstorms". Here are the latest lightning maps and charts.  According to LightningMaps.org, several parts of southern and eastern England are witnessing lightning as of Wednesday afternoon. Maps issued by the Met Office show London, in particular, has been affected, as have surrounding areas and parts of East Anglia. The Met Office said in a tweet on Wednesday afternoon: "An intense line of heavy showers is bringing a short period of torrential rain and thunderstorms as it moves east across London. READ MORE: UK snow: Met Office warns risk of snow as cold snap to bring freeze "Be aware of the potential for some surface water on the roads and some lightning strikes across SE England #WeatherAware". Social media users have been baffled by the recent lightning, with Tayside & Fife Weather tweeting: "Dare I say but there is some quite frequent lightning throughout Greater London this afternoon. "This was rather unexpected as models were only forecasting small amounts of CAPE." And @JustinBaileyart tweeted: "What's happening? Big thunder and lightning over #London town."  The Met Office forecast predicted rain and showers for much of the UK today, and "perhaps severe" gales could also affect some places. The general forecast reads for Wednesday evening and tonight: "Rain across northern Scotland moving southwards, turning to snow in the northeast, especially on hills. "Showery bands of rain crossing many other areas. Windy almost everywhere, with gales, perhaps severe, for parts of Northern Ireland, north Wales and northwest England." Two regions in the UK have also been issued a yellow wind warning from 8pm until 5am on Thursday, with the Met Office warning of "strong winds" overnight and potential "travel impacts". DON'T MISS:Met office weather warnings: Power loss alert amid heavy wind and snow [WARNING]Britons face Spain holiday hell [INSIGHT]UK snow forecast: Chilling Arctic blast to freeze Britain [FORECAST]  Parts of Northern Ireland and a swathes of north-west England are under the warning, with the Met Office forecasting up to 70mph gusts in some coastal areas. The warning reads: "Winds will increase this evening across parts of Northern Ireland, with gusts to 50 or 55mph likely in places, perhaps 60mph in a few exposed spots, before easing beyond midnight. "Across North Wales and northwest England, winds are expected to peak during the early hours, when gusts will widely reach 50 to 60mph, and possibly around 70mph close to some coasts. "Here winds will ease somewhat by daybreak, and then more markedly during the morning."