The Pisces Moon will bring a more emotional start to the day before transcending into pioneering Aries, bringing with it energies that ignite a more fierce approach to help wipe the slate clean. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for April 27. The subsequent planet alignments today will make for a day of varied emotion that will overall drive the impetus to achieve the overarching goals of the day - especially the ones that require creativity. Cafe Astrology said: “The meeting of Venus and Neptune in Pisces is a gentle and perhaps subtle influence that heightens our sensitivity to — and awareness of — beauty and spirituality. “We can feel renewed on creative levels. With this transit, we are easily influenced, seducible, and seductive. “Our imaginations are immense, for better or for worse - psychic openness and compassion are themes in our interactions now."  READ MORE: How to watch Mars, Jupiter, Venus & Saturn align with Moon  However, Cafe Astrology warns this energy can make for a “magical time on a romantic or social level”, but it could also be a “confusing or illusory influence”. Jupiter represents growth, expansion, healing, prosperity, and good fortune. Neptune is the psychic planet of ideals, intuition, spirituality and compassion, and the “domain of dreams and delusions”. This planet conjunction forming in the sensitive sign of Pisces could allow for heightened emotion to prevail throughout any of those areas you might be tackling today.  However, as the Moon moves into the sign of bold, initiating Aries at 5:11pm, you might feel more motivated to start fresh or take on a new challenge. Cafe Astrology said: “The Aries Moon brings on a more focused, active theme.” Tarot.com said: “While the Moon is in Aries, we all are a little bit faster to react. We’re all a little bit more intrigued by doing something we’ve never done before. “We’re all a little bit more willing to take a risk or take a gamble by pushing into the unknown.”  DON'T MISS:  Cancer breakthrough as 3 simples measures may reduce risk in over 70s [EXPLAINED]When to plant out bedding plants - best time to get planting [ANALYSIS]Vitamin K may prevent cognitive decline in dementia patients [INSIGHT]    An Aries Moon is energetic and forthright, and you’re likely to be faster on your feet during this period. AstrologyTV said: “The Aries Moon sign is a Warrior Moon, in as much as it brings us courage and bravery and encourages us to defend ourselves and others. "However, the Aries Moon also brings temper – and because everything is speeded up under this Moon transit, it’s often difficult to get the full picture." Jumping to conclusions can pose a problem during an Aries Moon transit, so it’s important to avoid rushing into things until you have all the facts. 