Naturi Naughton became a household name across the world after her portrayal as Tasha St Patrick on Starz’s crime series Power. The actress took to Instagram to share she had officially married singer Xavier “Two” Lewis and was showered with love from her fellow co-stars and fans.  On Thursday, Naturi posted a series of stunning photos from her star-studded wedding which took place in Atlanta. With themes of light coral and purple suits for the men, there were a number of familiar faces in the stars’ bridal party. This included her onscreen best friend Lala who played LaKeisha Grant as well as her onscreen husband Omari Hardwick better known as Ghost. In the caption, she wrote: “Introducing…The REAL #PowerCouple #MrAndMrsLewis, It’s Official now! I’m his WIFE! [Two Lewis] I will love, honor & respect you to #infinityandbeyond, thx [Brides] for the exclusive. LINK IN BIO! We did it babyyyy! OUR WEDDING WAS SOOO LIT!!!” READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage The post stirred a frenzy as fans rushed to the comment section to congratulate the newlyweds. This included her co-stars such as @Lala who wrote: “A day I will never forget!! Congrats to the most beautiful couple, love y’all!!!!!!” Joseph Sikora who played Tommy Egan added: “I’m so happy for you. Unbelievable! Everything looks like it’s right out of a fairytale/dream. You deserve it all. To infinity and beyond!” Other celebrities including Real housewives of Atlanta star Shamea Morton commented: “Sooooo beautiful sis! May God continue to bless this union, congratulations.” Fans such as @erica_balckprincess wrote: “Omg y’all look amazing absolutely beautiful [Naturi Naughton] congratulations.” Pretty_poison24 added: “Such a beautiful couple. Everything looks so beautiful. Love the colours.” @heyquita stated: “Congratulations beautiful couple.” Many other fans also joked about Omari being one of the groomsmen as his character Ghost died in the season finale. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes slams delays to clean energy ‘I’ll be dead’ [REACTION]Power Force leak: 50 Cent unleashes furious rant as episode 9 emerges [REACTION]Power Force’s Gloria star opens up on shocking death [INSIGHT] In fact, Omari was the person who introduced the newly married couple when they were in the middle of shooting in 2019. Naturi, who first shot onto the scene as a singer, had accompanied Omari to the studio to record music when she first met Two. Although he was introduced as Omari’s manager little did they know that they would soon be husband and wife just three years later. Naturi’s young daughter whom she welcomed in 2017 with her ex was also in attendance as she was pictured on the dance floor with Two. Video clips taken from the wedding circulated around the internet showed Lala catching the bouquet. Singer Tevin Campbell took to the stage to perform his hit ‘Can We Talk’ which Orange is the New Black star Danielle Brooks was seen dancing to. Fans could soon be seeing more of Naturi on-screen as Tasha as Power’s spin-off Power Book II: Ghost is currently in production. She made a surprise appearance at the end of season two as her character spent the majority of the instalment in witness protection Power Book II: Ghost is available on Staz in the US and on Starzplay in the UK. 