The presenter led a lively discussion about the Duke of Sussex’s interview, in particular his comments about “protecting” the Queen. While Denise Welch and Nadia Sawalha argued over whether Prince Harry was right to talk about his grandmother in public, Charlene White suggested his comments may have been in regards to the decision for Prince Andrew to accompany his mother to Prince Philip’s memorial service. The Duke of York accompanied his mother to her seat at Westminster earlier in the month. Images of him escorting the Queen instantly overshadowed the memorial service itself with many royal commentators questioning who was advising Her Majesty. There were also reports Prince Charles and his son Prince William were not happy with Prince Andrew’s closeness to the Queen. At the time, the Daily Mail reported senior royals “reluctantly” accepted Andrew would travel with the Queen. READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ They added Charles and William were “dismayed” the Duke of York put himself “front and centre” by walking to the front of the chapel with his mother. Following Prince Harry’s comments he wants to ensure she has “got the right people around her,” Charlene suggested the Duke of Sussex, who now resides in California with his wife Meghan Markle, may have been referencing Andrew. She explained: “The way I sort of read into it, let’s not forget those headlines of not that long ago when they had the church service and Prince Andrew was with the Queen. “Alongside the Queen, he escorted her in and sat by her in Church.” She added: “If you remember back then a lot of people were saying, ‘Perhaps that wasn’t the right thing to do, the optics weren’t perhaps correct.’ “There was a lot of talk about who it is who is advising the Queen regarding things like that. “So for all we know, and we are not within Harry’s head in any shape or form, but it could be he is talking in regards to that.” DON'T MISS...Denise Welch clashes with Nadia Sawalha in fiery Prince Harry row [WATCH]Harry slammed by palace insiders as Charles 'furious' [INSIGHT]William must 'temper' meeting with Sussexes after 'intentional damage' [LATEST] Elsewhere in the discussion, Denise argued Harry should be allowed to share his opinion of his family. She stated: “He said, ‘I’m just making sure the right people are around her,’ I think that probably was loaded. “And quite rightly so because the right people aren’t around her?” “But why would you give a loaded comment if you don’t like people commenting on what you comment,” Nadia hit back. Denise insisted: “He doesn’t care about people commenting.” However, Nadia exclaimed: “He does! They say all the time, ‘Leave us alone!’” “They don’t!” Denise snapped. “The press are the vitriolic I’ve ever known about anybody about Prince Harry and Meghan. “They’ve lessened on Meghan a little bit now, it’s mostly on Prince Harry and I cannot for the life of me understand why.” “Do you think that might be because they’ve made a few mistakes?” Nadia asked before Charlene stepped in to diffuse the argument. Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV from 12.30pm.