Philippe Coutinho will reportedly meet with Barcelona this week as the club wish to determine the midfielder's future as soon as possible so that they can focus on their summer business. The Brazilian has been flying at Aston Villa, but there are some doubts. Coutinho has starred for Aston Villa since leaving the Nou Camp, finding some of his previous Premier League form that saw him make the big-money move from Liverpool in 2018. Barcelona have already overseen a mass change under Xavi since Coutinho left, and the club want to plan ahead of the summer. Therefore they wish to speak to Coutinho's representatives this week and also assess Villa's position regarding a permanent move. It's unlikely that Coutinho can work his way back into Barcelona's plans, but the Spanish side want to have an idea of his future ahead of time, so they can start planning their summer business. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz  Barcelona are meeting with Coutinho this week to hear the Brazilian's views on a summer move to Villa, as the Catalan side are reportedly concerned that the Midlands club are not going to pay the £33million transfer fee included in their loan agreement. The club would like to know as soon as possible whether Villa will want to take Coutinho on a permanent basis, and if so, how much they are willing to pay. But it's almost guaranteed that Coutinho will not be playing for Barcelona next season, as they want to offload him from their wage bill. If Villa are not willing to pay the £33m, Barcelona want to know their price, and if it's too low then they will begin entering negotiations with other European clubs instead. Despite Coutinho's impressive form since signing for Villa, Xavi has no intention of integrating him back into his set-up, according to the Mirror.  READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal There's no denying that Villa have money as their owners were happy to completely reinvest the £100m they received for Jack Grealish in the summer. And appointing Steven Gerrard was a clear sign of their intent to become a European side, and he will be backed to deliver success. The signing of Coutinho was a clear indication of the draw that Gerrard brings, and at the beginning of April, the Villa boss insisted that the owners would back him in the summer. Therefore you'd assume that if Gerrard wants Coutinho to stay, and the player wants the move, then Barcelona will get their money. But Barcelona are insistent on wrapping up his future, as in March Gerrard admitted he wasn't clear on whether Coutinho's move would become a permanent one. Gerrard said: "When he's comfortable, he's happy and he's enjoying his football we all know we're dealing with a world-class talent.  "For me, it doesn't make sense to make any decisions now or say anything else on this. We just need to keep enjoying him and keep him healthy from now until the end of the season." And upon his arrival at Villa Park, Coutinho seemed delighted to sign for the club, prompting that his future may be in the Midlands. Coutinho revealed: "I really like it here. I missed the Premier League and the people here. They treated me really well and I missed this. It's good to be back here. "The games here are so intensive so I like that type of game. I have to adapt again, I'm trying my best in training and I'm getting better from the intensity point of view. I think that's the difference that I really like.  "In Spain, it is a different type of game. In Barcelona, normally you would have more time with the ball, more control and those are the different things. I don't want to live in the past, I'm here at a great club and I want to give my best and enjoy my football here. "The atmosphere in the stadium [Villa Park] is incredible, it's amazing. I really missed the games here in the Premier League because the atmospheres in the stadiums are really intense here. Coutinho was a welcome figure back in the Premier League, and it seems as though Villa and the Brazilian have been a perfect match. But Barcelona are insistent on sorting his future, and their patience may see them open negotiations elsewhere if Villa aren't careful. 