Manchester United icon has backed under-fire captain Harry Maguire to overcome his critics and play a crucial role in the club's return to success. However, he believes the Red Devils should ditch Cristiano Ronaldo and focus on the future as they enter a new era this summer. Maguire has been widely slammed for his performances throughout United's disappointing campaign, and many, including a section of the club's own fans, have attempted to turn him into a parody. But he continues to feature under Ralf Rangnick and England manager Gareth Southgate regularly. Rooney has placed his confidence in the 29-year-old to return to his peak form, labelling his international displays 'world-class', and believes winning games will go a long way to restoring confidence at Old Trafford. He told Monday Night Football: "I like Harry [Maguire]. I know Harry personally. "He hasn't been in his best form this season as a lot of players haven't. He goes and plays for England and looks like a world-class centre-back. Again a lot of it is confidence. The players need to feel winning again and winning consistently to get that confidence back. If they do that, I think Harry can be a big part of it." JUST IN: Liverpool's rivals Benfica 'talking to Wolves' for tips to beat Reds However, despite his 'important goals' since sensationally returning to United last summer, Rooney thinks it's time to cut ties with Ronaldo. The 37-year-old has one year left in his current deal but has faced criticism for disrupting the free-flowing style of play instilled by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And ex team-mate Rooney wants United to prioritise their future and invest more in players who can lead the club to long-term success. "He's scored goals, important goals in the Champions League early on, the hat-trick against Tottenham," Rooney explained on Sky Sports. READ MORE: Wayne Rooney urges Man Utd to appoint Mauricio Pochettino "If you're looking to the future of the club, you have to go with younger, hungry players to lift United up these next two or three years. Cristiano is getting on a bit and certainly isn't the player he was when he was in his 20s. That happens; that's football. He's a goal threat, but for the rest of the game, they need more. They need young, hungry players." Ronaldo's future in Manchester is up in the air, with United looking increasingly unlikely to qualify for next season's Champions League. But if the Portuguese icon decides to stay another year, it will be interesting to see how the club's new manager fits him into his plans. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here