This week on Grand Designs: The Streets, Kevin McCloud met John and Julia who were following their 30-year ambition of building their own home. The property was designed by John, who is an architect, and was planned to be their retirement home. However, nearing the end of the show it appeared that the couple had “no money left”. Julia could be seen sobbing to her husband saying, “so we can’t afford any of the stuff that I wanted?” John and Julia’s plan was to finish the project quickly because they were living in rented accommodation which cost them £1,700 a month, having sold their house to fund their project. The plot, with a ready-made slab cost £305,000 and construction was meant to cost them another £200,000, meaning the project was planned to cost them £505,000 in total. The project ended up costing them £520,000 due to the rising cost of materials and labour during the coronavirus pandemic. READ MORE: What to do with daffodils after flowering - 5 key steps At the end of the episode, Julia said: “We’re massively over budget and obviously we can't go and get a mortgage because we’re too old and it's meant that John has had to dip into his already fairly minor pension pot. “And the whole idea initially or one of the reasons we did this was to downsize and have some money over to supplement our pension. Hence why I’m still working.” Kevin asked John at the end of the show whether the project was worth the “physical, emotional, spiritual pain”. John said it’s a “difficult one” and he is “still not sure yet”.  DON'T MISSGarden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [INSIGHT]‘Indestructible’ garden plants which will ‘thrive’ on their own [UPDATE]‘Does the job’: ‘Effective’ ways to remove weeds from lawns [ANALYSIS]  “I may regret this. There are still some quite large sums of money going out to complete this. I won’t really know how comfortable we will be.” Despite the couple’s difficult journey, the finished house is a design masterpiece. The shell of the home is made from structural insulated panels which were made off-site and designed to slot together to be airtight. At the front of the building, there is a downstairs bedroom, a shower room and utility room. Towards the back of the house, there is a compact kitchen as part of an open-plan living area with big sections of glazing overlooking the garden. The windows converge to form a pointy bow like that of a ship. Upstairs, there are two further bedrooms, a large bathroom, and a private roof terrace with maritime portholes on either side. However, parts of the house remained unfinished due to the escalating cost of materials. Kevin explained: “The escalating cost of materials has meant certain parts remain unfinished, like the garden and the perimeter wall.” The first series of Grand Designs: The Street tracked 10 self-builders in Graven Hill, Oxfordshire as they built their own individual homes.  The new series returned to Graven Hill to track the development of more self-builders. The series aims to show viewers the options they have when it comes to self-building and the vast array of demographics who are embarking on their own self-build journey. Grand Designs: The Streets airs Wednesdays at 9pm on Channel 4. Episodes are also available to stream via All 4.