Manchester City are facing off against Real Madrid in the first leg of the two European heavyweight's semi-final clash in the Champions League. The Hollywood-style match-up will be broadcast live exclusively on BT Sport 2, with coverage beginning at 7pm ahead of kick-off at 8pm. If you want to watch every kick of the ball in the Manchester City vs Real Madrid game you can grab a BT Sport Monthly Pass which offers contract-free viewing for every single BT Sport channel. Pep Guardiola's time at Manchester City has been littered with silverware, but there's one big prize that has alluded them so far. And that's glory in the Champions League. Last season the Citizens came close, ultimately falling to Chelsea in the final 1-0. To get through to City's second Champions League final in as many years the Premier League giants will have to get past Real Madrid - the most successful side in the competition's history.  BT Sport has all the action live from the Etihad Stadium today. The Manchester City vs Real Madrid match will be broadcast on BT Sport 2. Pre-match build-up begins at 7pm with kick-off at 8pm. BT TV subscribers can also watch all the action beamed to tablets and smartphones via the BT app which is available for both Android and iOS devices. It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use BT due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a BT TV subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). If you're not currently a BT TV customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This runs for 30 days and gives you access to all BT Sport channels for £25. The BT Sport Monthly Pass is contract-free and will let you watch BT Sport 1, BT Sport 2, BT Sport 3, BT Sport ESPN and Box Nation on a wide variety of devices. You can access the BT Sport Monthly Pass on smart TVs, laptops, mobile devices, desktops, tablets and consoles. 