During their recent royal tour, the Cambridges opted for a more casual approach to covering their experiences on their social channels. William, 39, and Kate, 40, visited three Caribbean nations for the tour, which formed part of celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee year. Notably, throughout the tour, the couple used a more personal approach. Posts shared via their Kensington Royal channels were written in the first person - and without the use of William and Kate’s royal titles. Tweets from the tour appear to be written by the couple themselves. Some of those posted during the royal tour included “What an incredible day at Trench Town” and “Catherine and I are delighted to be here in Belize at the beginning of our first official visit to the Caribbean”. Previous posts shared on the royal couple’s page often referred to William and Kate in the third person, using HRH titles or by using the “Duke and Duchess” rather than by their first names. Their newer tweets have used exclamations marks and even emojis as a far cry from the more formal tone of royal communications. However, according to a PR expert and royal commentator, this subtle shift in becoming more personal and friendly has been underway for quite some time. Kinsey Schofield, who has worked in PR for over ten years, pinpointed the exact moment the shift in their approach began. She claims it came “post-Harry and Meghan fallout” as means of branding the Cambridges as “youthful” and “cool”. READ MORE: 'Wonderful' Kate dazzles as Duchess compared to Princess Diana Ms Schofield, founder of royal site ToDiForDaily.com, claims this change will help aid the Cambridges’ success as the future of the monarch appears to be shifting. She said: “I believe that this is a strategy developed by the Cambridges’ digital team, post-Harry and Meghan fallout, to brand the couple as youthful, approachable, and cool. “All qualities that are true to William and Kate but often hidden behind ceremony and tradition. “I would also not be surprised if this isn't a tone that William and Kate have rallied for in previous years but were denied due to the old regime. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew had ‘every right’ to be with Queen at Philip’s memorial [REPORT] Royal fans erupt as Charlotte following in Queen and Anne's footsteps [INSIGHT] Sussexes' 'fresher approach' may have helped during Caribbean tour [REVEAL] “Desperate times call for desperate measures and the royal family brand has taken some punches over the last few years. “While you could never imagine the Queen or Prince Charles engaging in such a manner, to ensure the Cambridges’ success and longevity, there had/has to be change." Meghan and Harry quit royal duties two years ago to pursue a life independent from the Firm in America. She told Express.co.uk: “I saw this shift in Prince William and Catherine's social media language in June of 2021. “Remember when they congratulated Harry and Meghan on the birth of Lili but used their first names instead of their titles? Some accused them of 'disrespecting the Sussexes' but I was under the impression that it was a shift in tone to appear more approachable and down to earth. Loving, even.” For the birth of Archie in 2019, William and Kate posted: “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are delighted with the news of the birth of The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's son today, and look forward to meeting the latest addition to the family." But for the birth of baby Lilibet in June last year they posted: "We are all delighted by the happy news of the arrival of baby Lili. Congratulations to Harry, Meghan, and Archie."