Wrapping your head around pension planning feels like a tall order at the best of times, let alone for those self-employed organising their own plans. This pressure, compounded by the cost of living crisis the UK is currently facing, means taking the first step in today's climate can be especially daunting. However, it’s important to be thinking about your pension plan sooner rather than later. Without the benefits of Auto-Enrolment, the self-employed are at a significant disadvantage when it comes to paying into a pension. While they may be entitled to receive the State Pension, this only amounts to an annual income of £9,628, which isn’t enough for a comfortable retirement. This makes it an essential step for anyone starting or running their own business to look into pension planning options - but where's best to you start? Rachel Meadows, head of proposition of pensions and savings at Broadstone said: The absolute key in terms of where to start is ‘just start!’ Essentially a pension is just a long term savings plan, made tax-efficient by the fact that the Government will top up your own savings with tax relief – instantly beating the popular options of savings accounts and ISAs.” Like all savings plans, the biggest factor that will determine how full it gets over your working life is how much you pay in. The earlier you start and the more you save, the better. For a good guide on where to start, what to look out for, and top tips for the self-employed looking to buy into a pension, Express.co.uk spoke to financial experts from Pensionbee, Broadstone, and Tees Wealth. READ MORE: Claim these 7 State Pension top-ups now - see if you're entitled   If you don’t already have a pension plan, there are plenty of reputable providers that can provide one for you - most of which you can find with a simple online search. Ms Meadows said: “Without playing down some of the more technical differences like charge rates and investment options, in honesty, the differences between those matter much less when you have little in the pot to start with. As your savings grow, you can access the services of a professional financial adviser to help you engage further." To begin, just decide how much you can afford to save each month into your pension, and set up a direct debit or standing order to your pension plan to make sure this goes at the same time as your other monthly bills. Ms Meadows said: “Auto-pilot is your ally here; if you wait until the end of each month you’re less likely to save in the first place, as most months seem to come with birthdays, boiler repairs, or whopping energy bills. If the money is automatically set aside, you can budget the rest of your month accordingly. And don’t forget the taxman will be topping up your pension savings too.” It’s important to make sure you can afford the amounts saved, as you can’t access money from within your pension until you are at least 55 - soon increasing to 57 from 2028. Ms Meadows added: “Saving consistently, and gradually upping your savings amounts is a good way to start to get to grips with your pension planning." Once you have made a start and you can see your pension savings building, it’s much less daunting to think about whether your savings are enough to provide you with the retirement you want. Ms Meadows said: “If you’re still quite young, 20’s, 30’s, early 40’s, there are some great resources out there to help you understand how much you might need. The PLSA publish a helpful guide to retirement living standards that can help you visualise how much you’ll need to sustain your own lifestyle – and using real-life metrics that you can relate to, like how often you change your car, eat out or go on holiday for example. “If you’re further through your life journey, and to help you engage more precisely, good financial advisers can help you look at all of your assets and savings, including pension, and help you plot your course towards the retirement you want. They can also help you understand your investment options in more detail, and can help you select suitable strategies.” If you have paid into any previous workplace pensions, it’s important to keep track of these to gain a holistic view of your total retirement fund. You can use the Government’s free pension tracing service to track down any old pensions to help with this. DON'T MISS: Extra benefit pensioners must claim to boost state pension [INSIGHT]State pension: 3 ways to boost your sum through your NI record [EXPLAINED]How much is enough for a comfortable retirement? The exact amount [ANALYSIS]    Inflation is an important aspect to consider when planning your pension. Ms Meadows said: “Inflation is the thief in the night in terms of eroding the spending power of our savings - and especially while interest rates are still very low, despite recent rises. “If your savings are sat in cash, receiving an interest rate of perhaps 1 percent, while inflation is running around seven percent, in real terms means you can buy six percent less with the money than you could last year. “For short term savings, this is less dangerous, as despite inflation challenges you don’t have the time on your side to swap inflation risk for investment risk. “For longer-term savings like pensions though, taking some investment risk is essential to make sure you don’t fall foul of inflation risk, which can actually be more damaging to your savings over the long term." Most personal pension providers will have ‘default’ or more ‘hands off’ investment options to get you started. These can come in, for example, medium risk multi-asset funds that spread your money around lots of different assets and sectors to provide a good general exposure without too many big ‘bets’ in any direction.  Ms Meadows continued: “Unless you take an active interest in investment, pick one of those to get you started - at a risk level that feels right for you - rather than sitting your money in a cash fund or account. “You can refine or change your investment choices later, but don’t let lack of knowledge stop you from getting started – you can do more research once you’re saving, or team up with a financial adviser for expert help.” During the current cost of living crisis, it’s important to utilise any benefits and tax relief you possibly can to soften the many financial blows. Romi Savova, CEO at PensionBee said: “Self-employed workers may also be able to take advantage of tax incentives to boost their savings, such as tax relief on their contributions from the Government. “The standard amount of tax relief is a 25 percent tax top-up for basic rate taxpayers, meaning that if they put £100 into their pension pot, HMRC effectively adds another £25. For those who have set up their business as a limited company; as company directors, you could make employer contributions into your pension. Ms Savova said: “Since pension contributions can count as an allowable expense, savers can usually deduct them when they’re working out their business's taxable profits. “You also don't usually have to pay National Insurance on pension contributions, so you could save a total of 33.8 percent tax when you pay money from your company into your pension.” 