Spring is one of the best seasons in the UK and there’s plenty of opportunities to enjoy breaks with family and friends. With Easter and the May bank holiday happening soon, enjoy the holidays by doing fun activities. READ MORE: Best Easter egg deals 2022: Save 40 percent off Cadbury, Maltesers, Lindt and more Marks and Spencer shoppers love ‘cute’ Easter Percy Pig mini toy and its less than £10 It’s also a great opportunity give an experience to a loved one and research from Not On The High Street found that 45 percent of Britons will likely be gifting more as 33 percent say they love celebrating moments through presents. Whether you’re looking to visit the zoo or tuck into a delicious meal, there are a variety of experiences you can enjoy across the UK. In addition, families can enjoy special Easter-themed activities including Easter egg hunts, baking and more. Here are the best Easter and bank holiday activities for families in 2022. From now until 18 April, step inside the classic storybook ‘Dear Zoo’ by Rod Campbell and kids can enjoy an interactive activity trail and learn about the exciting animals in the zoo. Entry to the ‘Dear Zoo’ exhibition is included in the price of a zoo ticket. Book on ZSL London Zoo (From £26.50 up) Available now until 18 April 2022, families can venture through a beautiful trail at Kew Gardens inspired by the much-loved story, ‘The Very Hungry Caterpillar’ by Eric Carle where they will see beautiful sculptures and learn fascinating facts about nature and plants. The Easter Trail is included in the admission price to Kew Gardens and runs all day. Book on Tiquets (From £19.50 up) Biscuiteers has launched exciting Easter-themed events at its icing cafés in Belgravia and Notting Hill that’s perfect for baking and making sweet treats. Book the Easter DIY Icing session which is an informal biscuit icing experience that’s available everyday in April for £18 per person. Kids can also participate in the Kids Easter Icing Classes which is an hour-long class that also includes a special Easter egg hunt around the café for £30 per person. View all Easter activities at Biscuiteers and book here. (£18 up) Experience a unique, hands-on alpaca experience in the Warwickshire countryside and visit this beautiful farm that’s also home to continental giant bunnies, pygmy goats, chickens and runner ducks. Perfect for families, kids will learn more about the alpacas and their fleeces while being able to a stroll through the grounds and the day ends with a sweet photo opportunity. Buy on Buyagift (Was £42, now £29) What kid doesn’t love magic? Experience a magical afternoon tea at The Cauldron in Edinburgh and pick wands to cast spells on tea stands and the adults will produce two different kinds of interactive tea. Learn how to brew and tuck into delicious sandwiches, scones and a sweet desserts with this enchanting offer. Buy on Red Letter Days (£130) Get crafty this Easter and participate in this crochet masterclass from Not On The High Street and learn the basics of macrame and knotting techniques through video tutorials. It’s a great way to unwind during the holidays and you’ll also get permanent access to the video content so you can revisit it as many times as you like and knit at your own pace. Buy on Not On The High Street (£40) Make delicious Easter-themed treats at home and bake cute Bunny Buns with this bread baking kit, which comes with all the pre-weighed dry ingredients. Easy to follow, you just need to add butter and milk to make six delicious buns. Buy on Not On The High Street (£18) Visit the Easter bunny at The Paxton in Gypsy Hill, London this Easter Sunday and families can get a free chocolate egg, learn the ‘bunny hop’ and have their photo taken. It’s a fun activity for families and they can also enjoy a delicious roast dinner at the pub. Book on The Paxton. Nothing beats enjoying a traditional roast meal and go to the newly opened pub, The Greyhound in Peckham, which is the second Queen’s House venue. Elevating the typical pub experience with craft beers, wine, ales and cocktails, dine on a delicious Sunday roast there for Easter. Book on They Greyhound. Newly opened in Central London, head to Slim Chickens after a day out exploring the capital and enjoy delicious chicken and chips. Perfect to share with families, make sure you order the signature buttermilk-marinated, hand-breaded crispy tenders and the set menu is just £11, which is exceptional value. Order on Slim Chickens.