Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Virgo, the sixth sign in the zodiac, is represented by the Virgin. Although some of Virgo’s personality traits are well-known, such as their tendency towards perfectionism, their ways of showing love towards others are lesser known. Virgos find it hard to find love as they don’t always trust people, but when they do like someone, they give it their all. Horoscope.com said: “Once Virgos give their heart, they give everything. “They expect absolute honesty and give the same in return. A Virgo truly believes that partnership means ‘what’s mine is yours’, and this sign elevates a partnership above all else. “Because Virgos believe in lifelong love, a breakup or betrayal can be particularly devastating.” READ MORE: Best place to live for pensioners to grow old in... and the worst As for love matches, Virgos get on best with Taurus, Cancer, and Capricorn. Of the love match between Virgo and Taurus, Horoscope.com said: “Two earth signs, Taurus and Virgo innately get each other, and they believe that drama takes away from partnership. “These two signs are happy to swap social media passwords – each knows that the other has nothing to hide.” The astrologists explained that Virgo and Cancer are “nearly physically intertwined” and “their connection is pretty out of this world”.  Meanwhile, Capricorn and “grounded Virgo” are very similar. Horoscope.com said the signs “agree on so much have a plan, they pursue excellence, and they’re happy to avoid drama however possible”. However, the astrologists stressed that the signs are “anything but boring”. But, what’s in store for Virgos today? Astrology experts have predicted that Virgos are likely to meet many new people today, April 13. Horoscope.com continued: “Today’s planetary alignment encourages you to get out socially today, as you could meet some very interesting people. “One in particular could bring a dose of sunshine into your life, as you both seem to share the same interests and outlook. “This, more than anything, will put a smile on your face, and give you something to look forward to in the future.” As for the rest of the week, the fact that “the sun continues to travel through spontaneous, excitable Aries” could “cause some awkward or embarrassing moments”. However, this could result in Virgos “walking away with something you really want”. Horoscope.com continued: “A midweek Mars transit from worldly Aquarius to sheltered Pisces leaves you feeling a bit more emotionally vulnerable than usual, and being overly optimistic could backfire. “It’s nice that you want to believe the best about people, Virgo, but not to the point of being naïve. That’s why background checks are a good idea. “You start soaking up unbiased Libra vibes during the full moon on Saturday, which lets you see both sides of the story,” the astrologists added. “If you’ve been making judgments about someone without knowing the whole truth, an apology might be appropriate. “Is it time to give someone another chance based on your new perspective?”