Upon the death of Prince Philip in April 2021, King Felipe of Spain’s close association with Britain’s Royal Family was clear in the heartfelt note he penned to the Queen. He expressed his sadness about the death of ‘Dear Uncle Philip’, also addressing the Queen as his ‘Dear Aunt Lilibet’. King Felipe wrote: “Dear Aunt Lillibet, we are deeply saddened to hear about the passing away of dear uncle Philip. “In these sad moments, we would like to send you our most heartfelt condolences on behalf of the government and people of Spain, and all our sympathy and support. “We will never forget the moments that we shared with him and the legacy of service and dedication to the Crown and the United Kingdom by your side. Our thoughts and prayers are with Your Majesty and the whole family.” The note was signed off by the Spanish king and queen without their royal titles: “With all our love and affection, Felipe and Letizia.”  READ MORE: Inside King Felipe of Spain's staggering wealth - from art to fortune King Felipe VI of Spain is a distant cousin of Queen Elizabeth II. Like the Queen, Felipe is a descendant of Queen Victoria, as his father the former King Juan Carlos is the son of Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona, who was the son of Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg. Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg was the daughter of Princess Beatrice, who was herself Queen Victoria's youngest child.  Through his mother Queen Sofia, King Felipe is also a descendant of King Christian IX of Denmark like Queen Elizabeth II is. King Felipe is also related to the Queen’s late husband Prince Philip through his maternal connections. Prince Philip was born a Prince of Greece and Denmark before he renounced his titles to marry the future British Queen Elizabeth II in 1947. The former Queen Sofia of Spain was born Princess Sophia of Greece and Denmark, the daughter of King Paul of Greece, who was a first cousin of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. DON'T MISS:Queen's royal duties resume - key events in royal calendar [INSIGHT]Princess Anne knows the 'pressure' Kate faces as younger royal [ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton embraced Grace Kelly's style for royal wedding dress [PICTURES]  King Felipe VI of Spain ascended the throne after the abdication of his father King Juan Carlos I in 2014. His mother is Queen Sofia. Felipe has two older sisters, Infanta Elena and Infanta Cristina. Felipe has been married to Queen Letizia since 2004 and they have two daughters, Leonor and Sofia, and Leonor is heir to the throne.