Tottenham could be spared the prospect of a battle with Real Madrid for the services of Mauricio Pochettino ahead of next season, according to reports. Pochettino could be dismissed from his role at Paris Saint-Germain over the coming months after failing to make it into the Champions League quarter-finals and has been linked with Tottenham and Real Madrid in advance of the new campaign. Pochettino managed Spurs between 2014 and 2019 and has recently been tipped to return to north London amid questions over the future of Antonio Conte, who is said to be an option for PSG if their current boss is sacked in the near future. It seems as though Real Madrid will not be looking to rival Tottenham for Pochettino's signature, with the Spanish giants happy to keep Ancelotti as things stand, according to AS.Ancelotti was responsible for masterminding Real Madrid's emphatic win over PSG in the Champions League earlier this season and looks set to stay at the Bernabeu for the foreseeable future. Pochettino had been mentioned in connection with the Los Blancos job amid the uncertainty over his own future in Paris, but the doors could soon open for Tottenham with the position unlikely to be available.Pochettino could be facing the sack at PSG between now and the start of next season and may be considering his options behind closed doors as he weighs up a potential future away from the Parc des Princes. Reports in France over the weekend said that he will 'imminently' be removed from his post as a result of the club's poor Champions League showing despite having signed the likes of Sergio Ramos and Lionel Messi in pre-season. JUST IN: Real Madrid to complete Rudiger transfer this week amid Man Utd talk Meanwhile, Le Parisien has claimed that Conte has already expressed his interest in the PSG job and would be prepared to ditch Tottenham for a move across the Channel this summer. The former Inter Milan and Chelsea boss only joined Spurs in November but will be out of contract at the end of next season and has publicly questioned his future at the club on a number of recent occasions.It remains to be seen whether Pochettino will eventually make a romantic return to Tottenham if he is dismissed by PSG over the coming months. Former Premier League striker Kevin Phillips recently urged Spurs to look beyond a move for their former manager, though, by insisting that Pochettino would struggle to replicate the heights of his previous spell in charge."In my opinion? No. I’ve said it many times, I don’t see the value in bringing someone back to the football club," Phillips told Football Insider last month. "He did very, very well but for me, it would never be the same. The history of people going back to the club where they’ve done well, I just don’t think it would be the same."I personally don’t think Conte will leave, I think he’ll stay. He’s that type of character who will demand what he wants during the summer and I think he’ll get it."I don’t see Pochettino coming back to Tottenham. I think they have to get over that and look past it. They’ve got a top, top manager in at the moment." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here