The current French president was found to be a lot more “offensive” than his opponent, who was more of a “recipient”, according to semiologist Élodie Mielczareck. Ms Mielczareck, who is also a specialist in verbal and non-verbal language, analysed the movements and signs, as well as the sayings of the two politicians who are facing each other on the final round this Sunday. The two figures split the majority of first-round votes between them two weeks ago, with Mr Macron acquiring 27.8 percent of the electorate and Ms Le Pen 23.1 percent. Mr Macron seems to be maintaining this slim lead in the latest polls, but he will have to win more than 50 percent of the vote on Sunday. Observing the appearances of the both at the debate on Wednesday, Ms Mielczareck found that “a sign of contempt is a little asymmetrical smile, and Emmanuel Macron did a lot of that in 2017 and less now". She told radio network RMC: "We saw a lot of self-contact in Emmanuel Macron, for example the hand in front of the mouth or under the chin. Often self-contact is not very telegenic, it shows a very analytical attitude.” The analyst stressed that this debate was much more peaceful than the one in 2017, however, it still had its share of small attacks and moments of tension. She noted: “Regarding the issue of his arrogance and contempt, many things have changed. “When you watched the 2017 debate, five years ago, one of the signs of contempt that is universally recognised is to have a little smile, but an asymmetrical one, and that Emmanuel Macron was doing that a lot. It was almost a permanent thing for him. “This is something that has disappeared a lot from his body language as well as the chin up, which reveals a hierarchical positioning, and there was not as much of that last night." READ MORE: UK and EU inflation compared: How Britain is faring in gas disasterLe Pen claims she's 'not very interested' in who won debateHow a Macron French election win will affect UK: New clashes for Boris Regarding Marine Le Pen’s appearance, the expert said that she also seemed different than how she was at the 2017 debate. Ms Mielczareck explained: "In Marine Le Pen, we saw five years ago a lot of stress. “But this time, we no longer found any signs of stress." And the expert concluded: "Emmanuel Macron said things like ‘you lie’, ‘you are not honest’, your program has neither head nor tail, with that ‘you present. This is direct invective. DON'T MISS: Le Pen would 'undermine EU institutions': 'Frexit by any other means'How a Macron French election win will affect UK: New clashes for Boris'Who is picking up your tab?' Le Pen slams Macron over energy cap