Tiger Mania is in full swing following his practice round at The Masters on Monday and even his 'inner circle' were reportedly surprised by his return. The 'Will he? Won't he?' question continues to roll on for Woods' return to competitive golf this week with the 15-time major winner set to speak to the world media at 4pm BST. By then, Woods is expected to announce that he will take to the field for The Masters, little over a year after his scary car crash. The golf icon has made a career out of remarkable comebacks and many thought his win at Augusta in 2019 wouldn't be topped. But Tiger Mania has been going wild this past week after speculation of Woods' return gathered pace. Social media was awash with fans trying to keep up to dates on every little detail dropping on Woods' prospective return. Woods did make his return to the golf course at the end of last year at the PNC Championship with his son. That only added to the speculation, but many of his fellow players warned against expecting a fast return from Woods. JUST IN: Tiger Woods confirms he is flying to Augusta ahead of Masters  Rory McIlroy admitted last week that having seen Woods a few months ago, he wasn't sure the American sporting superstar would be in a position to compete in the year's first major. According to Golf Digest, Woods' inner circle were in agreement with McIlroy, but 'serious strides' have been made over the past month. Most of Woods' preparation has been at his local Medalist golf course and he reportedly still gets 'sore after a few hours'. But it appears more and more likely that Woods will compete at The Masters this week. And Woods' former coach, Butch Harmon, believes the PGA Tour icon will be coming in to win. DON'T MISS  “The way I used to know Tiger, I think if he doesn’t feel he can be competitive he wouldn’t even play,” said Harmon. “He would know whether he can or can’t, and it’s not just one day, he’s gotta do it for four days in a tournament. “If he does show up and play, I think we have to believe he thinks he can get it done. One thing I will tell you about Tiger Woods, you could never say never. He will prove you wrong. “He has this tremendous will to survive, no matter what it is. I think we learned last time that I for one never thought he would win another tournament again, much less another Major. If he could pull it off and contend, I think it’s probably even bigger than when he came back and won in 2019, because you consider the severity of the incident, it’s amazing he’s still alive.”