Arsenal's Champions League qualification hopes have taken a huge dent recently, with the Gunners having lost two consecutive games to Brighton and Crystal Palace in the past fortnight. They have a chance to set that right against Southampton on Saturday, although Mikel Arteta knows that will not be easy. Express Sport takes a look at the potential XI.  Goalkeeper: Ramsdale Aaron Ramsdale has been one of Arsenal's standout performers since his move from Sheffield United in the summer. He was expected to be backup to Bernd Leno, but the Englishman has really excelled in his time at the Emirates so far. He has suffered recently with five goals conceded in his last two league games, although that is a collective team effort. And he will likely start between the sticks once more on Saturday.  Defence: Cedric, White, Gabriel, Tavares Granit Xhaka surprisingly started at left-back for the Gunners against Brighton last weekend, and ultimately paid the price with another loss. It was a radical decision from Mikel Arteta, who decided enough was enough from Nuno Tavares after a poor showing at Crystal Palace the week before. With Kieran Tierney injured until the end of the season, Arteta must decide on who he wants his permanent left-back to be. And Cedric Soares, Ben White and Gabriel will look to shore up a recently leaky defence. Midfield: Odegaard, Sambi Lokonga, Xhaka Thomas Partey is still out and likely will be for a while, meaning a relatively unchanged midfield will be utilised at St Mary's. Martin Odegaard will look to replicate his goal last weekend on the south coast, alongside Albert Sambi Lokonga. They were expected to line up alongside Emile Smith Rowe, who has faltered recently under Arteta. But with attacking absences, Xhaka will move further up the field to supplement the midfield duo. Attack: Saka, Martinelli, Smith Rowe Alexandre Lacazette is likely to be out with illness, meaning Gabriel Martinelli could lead the line. His absence will surely highlight the need for a striker to arrive in the summer, especially given Lacazette is out of contract in July. He will be joined by Bukayo Saka, who has been Arsenal's shining light this season. And Smith Rowe will fill in for Martinelli on the left-hand side in a bid to keep Arsenal on the front foot.