The latest batch of lethal aid approved by the United States includes the Puma drone, which could extend the range of the “kamikaze” Switchblade drone which has already been sent to Ukraine. These two devices can work together to form a deadly team to hunt down and destroy Russian artillery, in a technique never before used on the battlefield.  Fierce resistance by the Ukrainian army has weakened the Russian air force, with Moscow failing to achieve air superiority and reducing its air activity in recent weeks. Moscow has instead frequently deployed long-range artillery and missiles to batter Ukrainian towns and cities from afar, destroying infrastructure and killing thousands of civilians. Now, Ukrainian forces are reportedly looking at ways to seek out and destroy Russian missile and artillery units to weaken Russia's invasion. Western countries are being called on to supply Ukraine with weapons that can destroy long-range weapons and push Russian artillery systems further back to try to protect civilian centres. The US Pentagon announced a new $300 million lethal aid package for Ukraine last week in the second batch of arms sent to the country since the Russian invasion began on 24 February. The batch of weapons includes the Switchblade loitering drones, which are designed to fly over a battlefield and seek out the best target to attack.  The lightweight weapons fly at around 60 mph for up to 15 minutes after launch and use a camera to relay video of the terrain back to the user who is controlling it. As they are controlled by humans, the drones are highly accurate. Once it finds the target, the device can dive down into the vehicle or bunker that has been targeted. The drone contains an explosive charge that detonates on impact, giving it the nickname “kamikaze. The tiny drones, which weigh less than five pounds, have been highly successful at seeking out and destroying targets when used on the battlefield in countries such as Afghanistan, according to Forbes. Around 200 Switchblade drones have been supplied to Ukraine by the US, but the addition of the Puma drones in the latest lethal aid package could allow Ukraine to form lethal hunter-killer drone teams on the battlefield. The larger Puma drones are made by the same company as the Switchblade drones.  Puma drones have low-light cameras and an advanced thermal imager, both which have a powerful zoom capability. This makes them useful for night operations, where Ukrainian tactical drones have already been highly successful due to Russia’s lack of effective night vision gear. The unmanned drone also boasts a sensor that swivels as the drone flies and provides a stabilised view of the battlefield. The Puma is hand-launched and can stay in the air for more than five hours, with a range of around 25 miles. It has a 15-foot wingspan and weighs almost 10 kilograms. Manufacturer AeroVironment, which makes both the Puma and Switchblade, introduced a “Sensor to Shooter” (S2S) kit last year which allows the drones to share digital data. The system means the Puma can locate targets with its superior sensors which the Switchblade can then destroy.  DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: New hunt for 'out of control' Chechen units [LIVE]Dmitry Medvedev says Putin wants Moscow empire stretching further west [LATEST]Hunt for commander dubbed ‘Butcher of Bucha’ [BREAKING] The S2S kit also allows the Puma operator to push a button and automatically launch the Switchblade, which then homes in on the target. On arrival, the imagery from the two are matched to confirm the Switchblade has the correct target. When the operator approves the target has been found, it can detonate the Switchblade. A Switchblade missile cannot be recalled once fired, meaning the drone will be wasted if it is misfired. By using the Switchblade together with the Puma, the operator can see the entire attack using the Puma’s high resolution video to improve accuracy and determine whether another Switchblade is needed. The Puma-Switchblade could take on Russian artillery and multiple rocket-launchers mounted on unarmoured trucks which have devastated Ukraine’s towns and cities. They would also be invaluable for locating and destroying high-value targets, including top Russian military personnel. 