Brooklyn Beckham, 23, tied the knot with his actress girlfriend, Nicola Peltz, 27, in a lavish ceremony on Saturday. The pair wed at Nicola’s family home in Florida with Brooklyn’s younger brothers Romeo, 19, and Cruz, 17, as joint best men. Brooklyn has now shared a never-before-seen snap of the three brothers alongside their dad David Beckham, 46. The quartet looked dapper as they walked through the mansion’s hallway in their matching black tuxedos with silk lapels. David, Romeo and Cruz wore black bow ties whereas Brooklyn opted for a white one with a matching pocket square. Brooklyn shared the snap of the handsome family to his 13.5 million Instagram followers. READ MORE:Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer He captioned the photo, which is credited to Vogue: “The boys.” Thousands of Brooklyn’s famous friends and fans took to the comments to share messages of congratulations. His bride Nicola gushed: “So handsome!” Fashion designer Rachel Zoe said: “Best picture ever.” Instagram user Irene exclaimed: “The DNA in this family is just WOW!” And Kathleen penned: “Here come the boys! You all look like such handsome dudes. So glad you had a wonderful wedding day with your beautiful bride.” The insight came just hours after Brooklyn shared a first glimpse at his “beautiful bride” in her Valentino wedding dress. He posted a photo of the loved-up couple holding hands with the caption: “Mr and Mrs Peltz Beckham.” DON'T MISSLord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue[LATEST]‘Your hair looks lovely’ Jason Manford aims jibe at Will Smith[INSIGHT]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show[NEWS] Nicola looked the epitome of elegance in the floor-length white gown which she paired with a flowing veil and lace gloves. The £3 million wedding included a star studded guest list with A-Listers Eva Longoria, Gordon Ramsay, Venus and Serena Williams and Spice Girls Mel B and Mel C among revellers. Proud mum Victoria Beckham also shared the stunning snap to her own Instagram. She wrote: “Congratulations Mr and Mrs Beckham X Welcome to the family.” The former Spice Girl shared her joy that Nicola was joining the Beckham clan in an interview shortly after Brooklyn proposed. Speaking on Lorraine in 2020, Victoria said the family “couldn’t have asked for him to meet a more adorable lady”. The fashion designer continued: “They're so happy. She's wonderful, sweet and kind. She's such a lovely, warm woman. “It's nice with everything that has gone on this year that Brooklyn has found his soulmate and the lady he wants to spend the rest of his life with.”