Real Madrid are reportedly hoping to conclude a deal for Chelsea's Antonio Rudiger this week following the news that the German defender will depart Stamford Bridge at the end of this season upon the expiry of his current contract. The Spanish side are seeking to reach a swift agreement with the player amid rival interest from the likes of Manchester United. The 29-year-old is understood to have reached an agreement with the La Liga giants on a four-year deal, according to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, as the defender's impending move to the Spanish capital continues to gather pace. It is thought a deal is close to being finalised, with Spanish outlet Marca reporting that Real Madrid are hopeful of reaching an overall agreement by the end of this week. Though terms of a contract could be completed over the coming days, it is understood there will be no official announcement over the player's free transfer until the end of the season. It appears as though Real Madrid have won the race for Rudiger despite more lucrative offers having reportedly come the defender's way. Paris Saint-Germain, Juventus and Barcelona have all been said to be rivalling Chelsea's Premier League counterparts United over the German centre-back who has continued to stall over a new contract this season. The Blues have tabled Rudiger several offers, however, the sanctions recently imposed upon the club by the UK Government have prevented them from continuing with negotiations in recent weeks. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick slams three decisions after Arsenal defeat It is understood Rudiger has accepted a package with Los Blancos which will see him earn in excess of £230,000-per-week at the Santiago Bernabeu as he seeks a new challenge. Real Madrid are believed to have been long-term admirers of Rudiger, monitoring him as far back as when he was playing in the Bundesliga with Stuttgart. Blues boss Thomas Tuchel confirmed Rudiger would be departing Stamford Bridge on a free transfer come the end of the season following his side's 1-0 win over West Ham on Sunday. The German manager told Sky Sports: "Toni, the media is on it. The situation is that he wants to leave the club. He informed me of this is in a private talk. "We gave everything - me and the club - but we could not fight anymore because of the actions. Without the sanctions we would at least be able to carry on fighting, but our hands are tied. We don't take it personally. It is his decision."  Though Tuchel admitted the loss of Rudiger would be a significant one this summer, the Chelsea boss reassured Blues fans that the club are seeking "solutions". Tuchel added: "He is a key figure and will stay that way until the end of the season. But it is disappointing. We will miss him a lot." "He gives courage in the dressing room. The kind everyone is afraid of, but the kind to play 50-55 games at an outstanding level. He is a top defender in the last one and a half years for me. We then need to find another solution."  