The Duke of Sussex reportedly moaned so much about his older sibling that his girlfriend at the time suggested he seek professional help. Tina Brown, author of The Palace Papers, dropped a number of bombshells about the Royal Family on her podcast recently. According to the royal author, the younger royal's frustration with William began long before he announced he and his wife Meghan Markle would be stepping down as senior royals in January 2020. Ms Brown claimed that when he was younger, Prince Harry ranted so much to his ex-girlfriend, Cressida Bonas, that she suggested he seek professional help with MI6. Ms Bonas, who dated Harry from 2012 to 2014, is said to have found his complaints "tiresome", according to the bombshell book.  She suggests his frustrations stemmed from William "hogging the best briefs". The author said claimed that when Harry wasn't "obsessing" over Pince William, he was moaning about his father, the Prince of Wales. Ms Brown also reported that a friend of the family described Harry as "a very, very angry man". The Palace Papers book written by Tina Brown, features interviews and information from more than 120 insiders and sources. READ MORE: Queen seen leaving Sandringham after pilgrimage to Philip's home   Her book, as well as looking at various royal scandals throughout the years, also looks at what might have caused William and Harry's deteriorating relationship. Ms Brown said a palace source told her the problem was "their interests were very close". She wrote: "They would agree on territories that they would operate in, and then William would feel that his brother was breaching the agreement. DON'T MISS: Princess Eugenie's new announcement as royal follows Meghan and Harry [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry once targeted by hackers who demanded Duke's return [COMMENT]Prince Charles branded 'very selfish' by Meghan Markle biographer [ANALYSIS]  "From Harry's point of view, William was simply 'hogging the best briefs', a friend of both of them told me. The younger prince seemed not to have gotten the memo that the future king would always get the juiciest patronages." According to the royal expert, Harry was upset that William had been patron of the rhino and elephant charity the Tusk Trust since 2015. She quotes a friend of the siblings as saying: “Harry was a very, very angry man. “I think those were absolutely Olympic rows.” 