Prince Harry, 37, met Olympic sprinter Iwan Thomas at a barbecue organised by the Royal Family’s Heads Together campaign back in 2016.  In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the Olympian, 48, told how he and the senior member of the Royal Family had a heart-to-heart about mental health and the “dark times” the athlete has faced, while praising the Duke of Sussex for being "supportive". Reflecting on his encounter with the Queen’s grandson, Iwan told Express.co.uk that the royal was “really supportive” of him. Iwan recounted: “I thought he was brilliant. It was a good few years ago now where he set up a charity Heads Together. "I got invited to a barbecue and we just got chatting. “We spoke a lot about, you know, some dark times I had when it was evident, my career was going to finish as an athlete, and I couldn't train properly." The Olympic sprinter concluded: “And he was just really supportive, and a really good guy.” Iwan has previously spoken out on his mental health struggles after he realised his sporting career was coming to an end. Throughout his impressive career, the sportsman received accolades and was awarded a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE). However, injuries were the reason his athletic career was cut short, causing him to go through “some pretty dark years”. Elsewhere, Iwan spoke about his battle with depression, admitting there were days where he “didn’t want to wake up”. Iwan previously explained: "I didn’t ever accept that I had anything wrong, I saw it as a bit of a weakness if someone admitted they had a bit of a mental imbalance, anxiety or stress or depression. "For me it was in my career when I had loads of injuries as an athlete and it became clear I wasn’t going to get back to running at the top level again, I kind of just buried it away and didn’t really talk to people and pretended I was alright and I was all happy but behind closed doors I was going through some pretty dark years. "I didn’t even talk to my friends or family about it.” DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [LATEST]Nick Knowles ‘rages’ at backlash over new partner 'Wealthier than me!' [UPDATE]Stacey Solomon issues apology over 'unrelatable' swimming pool update [INSIGHT] Iwan continued: “When people don’t understand something or if they haven’t had any issues it's common for them to say ‘What’s the matter with you? Pull yourself together’. “They don’t see it because lucky for them, they don’t face any difficulties," he said during an interview with BT. “I think it’s hard for people to understand unless they’ve been through something similar but what I would say is try and be compassionate and be sympathetic to someone." Now, Iwan has discovered ways to feel good mentally and physically through physical activity and has partnered with ASICS to inspire people to exercise. Explaining his role in the project, Iwan said he wanted to take part in the study to find out how not being able to exercise can affect him. He said: “I think for me, the results of the campaign didn't really shock me, because I knew, for me personally, whenever I'm feeling slightly low, or life seems to be getting on top of me, my happy place is to train, going for a run, or going to the gym. “So I was really interested in taking part in this study to find out if there was any science behind that, because I knew myself, my mindset, and my mood would change if I wasn't able to exercise. “But I often wondered, is that just me or is there actually science behind it? So it was really interesting to do the study, to sort of, you know, train, then be forced not to train for a week and then go back to it.”