The radio presenter was left stunned as a Just Stop Oil activist he was questioning about his group's recent protests pulled out a small bottle of glue and proceeded to glue his hand to the microphone. LBC's Tom Swarbrick was discussing with his guest Nathan McGovern the climate group's attempt to block several oil terminals in Essex since Friday. As the pair discussed, the activist subtly pulled out something from his right pocket and proceeded to spread what appears to be glue onto his hand before grabbing the mic in front of him.   The presenter was then forced to interrupt the programme as the protester repeatedly interrupted him as he tried to speak. Commenting on the event on his Twitter, Mr Swarbrick said: "The irony of course is that glue is an oil-based product… "Back on relatively shortly." As the pair's talk became tenser, Mr McGovern pulled out a bottle of glue, prompting the LBC presenter to smile at the absurdity of the situation. READ MORE: More than 80 arrested after protesters dig tunnels to oil terminals blocking 100 tankers Mr Swarbrick said: "Oh, here we go. "So for those listening on the radio...yeah. You've got absolutely no idea...for those of you listening and wondering what the bang on the microphone was. "Mr McGovern has apparently...is it glue? You seem to have glued yourself to the microphone." The Just Stop Oil activist explained: "If you're not going to use the microphone for the people of this country, the people around the world about what's happening to their lives right now." Mr Swarbrick however pointed out the activist was specifically invited on the programme to discuss the objectives of his organisation but had failed to address some of his questions. He said: "You've been invited on this programme to tell us what the aims of your organization are. "You've come on to talk to us about the aims of your organization, you've gone through some of them. "I've asked you questions about some of the language you're using and you seem to think that the best way of persuading people to join you in this cause is to tell people they're either complicit to the greatest-ever genocide or superglue yourself to a microphone." DON'T MISS: Pint of draught cider soars to over £4 on average [COMMENT] POLL: Should UK subsidise energy bills of low income families? [INSIGHT]Pension savers may be at risk of 55 percent tax charge [ANALYSIS] Mr McGovern said: "People need to be aware of this situation." Which prompted the radio presenter to hit back saying, "you've been given the opportunity to. You've been given the opportunity to make yourself..." before being interrupted once again. The protester earlier accused Mr Swarbrick of failing to share with the British and global public information about the dire state of the environment. He said: "Why aren't you telling those millions of people what they need to know? "Why don't you tell those millions of people what horror is awaiting? "Quite frankly, it's a disgrace with the platform that you have, the ability you have to help people about the climate crisis, about the situation we're in, and you're happy to watch them sit on this information. "You're happy to watch them die. You have a massive platform...a microphone you can use to tell people the situation we're in and you're not using it."