April is a rewarding time for gardeners, with plenty of crops to pick and sow and an abundance of flowers to admire as they bloom. While enjoying your spring garden is one way to spend the bank holiday, getting some essential jobs done will leave you with an even better display of plants by the time summer arrives. These are the seven key tasks to get done in the garden this weekend, according to Lawrence Wright, Head Gardener at Newby Hall and Gardens in North Yorkshire. Warmer weather is one of the most anticipated aspects of the Easter bank holiday, but there is still plenty to get done in the garden come rain or shine. Lawrence Wright, Head Gardener at Newby Hall and Gardens is responsible for tending to the famous grounds, which have featured in the likes of Peaky Blinders, Victoria and Gentleman Jack. The North Yorkshire site is famed for its flagship 172-metre double herbaceous border, but what does its head gardener recommend doing in your garden this weekend? READ MORE: Appliances to switch off before going on holiday - unplug toasters Mid April is the ideal time to prune shrubs for winter interest to ensure you get colourful, eye-catching stems next winter, but it’s also your last chance to tend to summer-flowering varieties before they bloom. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Lawrence Wright said: “Anything that is dead, damaged or dying in the garden can be pruned now as you are not going to cause it any harm. “This is simply good plant husbandry and it might kick-start the plant into fresh growth.” Lawrence recommended cutting stems down to around six inches above the ground for winter shrubs such as Cornus (dogwoods), Salix (willows) and Rubus (bramble). Summer shrubs should be cut back by the end of the long weekend to give plants such as Buddleja long enough to grow and produce flowers before the end of summer. While the warmer weather can often tempt gardeners to plant out tender plants, Lawrence warns that a late frost is highly likely at this point in spring. He said: “Timings vary enormously depending on where you are in the UK, and also if your garden is sheltered or in an exposed spot. “Check the forecast and be prepared to throw some fleece over treasured plants if a surprise frost is due.” The general rule of practice at Yorkshire’s Newby Hall is to wait until the end of May, or beginning of June to plant out tender perennials such as Dahlia and Salvia. Lawrence advised that gardeners in the south west of England can start at the end of April or early May, while those in central and south eastern England should wait until mid May.Gardeners in Scotland often have to wait until mid June to plant tender perennials. DON'T MISS:How to protect your plants from the unseasonably cold weather [INSIGHT]How to get your tomato plant to ‘produce more tomatoes’ [REVEAL]When to plant runner beans - key date to plant for a summer harvest [ANALYSIS] While it’s not quite warm enough to guarantee tender perennials, it is the perfect season to plant hardy perennials such as Anemone, Sedum and Phlox, as well as potted shrubs and trees in your garden. Lawrence said: “Watering them well once a week is better than watering them a little every day as this will only encourage their roots to grow towards the surface, meaning they’ll dry out more quickly.” If you’re looking to expand your vegetable patch, use the weekend to make early plantings of brassicas, potatoes and root crops such as carrots, beetroot and some late broad beans. Leafy growth can make it harder to put down mulch at this time of year but it’s worth persisting as a good layer of organic matter will feed your soil, help prevent weeds and lock in moisture. Mid April is the ideal time to think about how you add support in the garden for the season ahead. Stakes, woven hazel supports, frames and netting can all be used, said Lawrence. He said: “It’s better to get them into your borders early now than try to add them when it’s too late, and your plant has already started to flop. “Beautiful large blooms never look the same if they don’t get the proper support.” Make the most of what you already have growing by taking softwood cuttings from plants such as Salvia, as well as hardy or tender Fuschia and Dahlia. To get them growing, Lawrence recommended keeping them under cover, preferably in a greenhouse. He said: “Newby Hall is renowned for its late summer flowering Salvia, which look stunning in early autumn, and now is the time of year we are busy taking cuttings and potting on young plants to create the display for the year ahead.”