Barcelona have offered Robert Lewandowski a two-year contract after a secret meeting with the player’s agent, it has been claimed. The Poland international’s future at Bayern Munich is up in the air as the summer transfer window creeps closer. And while Manchester United have been linked, it’s the fallen La Liga giants who are instead in pole position to recruit the veteran. Barcelona intend to sign a big-name striker this summer as they look for a marketable replacement for Lionel Messi, who left for Paris Saint-Germain last year. And Lewandowski has been heavily linked in the time since, with the Poland international’s future at Bayern currently shrouded in uncertainty. Bayern want to keep their talisman but are reluctant to meet his demands for a three-year contract. And, now, journalist Gerard Romero has said on Twitch that Barcelona are ready to capitalise after director Mateu Alemany had a secret meeting on Wednesday with the veteran’s camp. It’s stated that Alemany has made it clear to Lewandowski’s representative what terms he could expect if he moves to the Nou Camp. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Barcelona are ready to offer him a two-year contract with an option of a third in order to meet Lewandowski’s demands. And they’re also supposedly willing to pay Bayern a fee in the region of £25million to £30m in order to make a deal happen. Lewandowski has netted 46 goals and clocked up five assists from 41 games across all competitions. However, with his Bayern contract due to expire next year, it’s feasible the Bundesliga titans will let him go for a cheaper fee to avoid losing him for nothing. On Thursday, Lewandowski’s agent Pini Zahavi will meet with Bayern to relay the information. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And what ultimately happens remains to be seen. Manchester United have also been linked with Lewandowski, having previously come close to landing the striker in 2012. But the Red Devils are likelier to go for a younger striker instead, with Darwin Nunez believed to be on their radar. Real Madrid have also been tipped to pursue Lewandowski in the past. But the fine form of Karim Benzema, along with their interest in Kylian Mbappe, makes a move to the Bernabeu unlikely. Bayern’s loss can be Barcelona’s gain. And Lewandowski would be a major signing for the La Liga giants as they look to close the gap on Real Madrid next time out and plan for a brighter future with Xavi at the helm. Lewandowski was recently quizzed on his future. And he admitted the current situation ‘isn’t easy’ for him, saying: “There will be a meeting soon, but nothing special has happened so far. “I also notice what’s going on. The situation is not that easy for me.” Bayern chief Oliver Kahn, meanwhile, was adamant Lewandowski wouldn’t be allowed to leave when quizzed on the matter earlier in the month. “We definitely have Robert with us for another season,” said the former goalkeeper. “We know what we have in him and we're relaxed about it. “Apparently, there's a competition out there: ‘'Who will tell the biggest nonsense story about Robert Lewandowski?'’ Talks will continue. “We are not crazy and we will not be discussing the transfer of a player who scores between 30 and 40 goals with us every season.”