Brexiteer and former staff to Margaret Thatcher Nile Gardiner launched a scathing attack on French President Macron and Brussels. In a furious tweet on Sunday, Mr Gardiner said despite Mr Macron's victory France's power is in "decline" as he compared the country to Brexit Britain. He wrote: "Whatever the outcome of French presidential election, France is a big Government Eurofederalist socialist basket case in steep decline and that won’t change. "Brexit Britain in contrast is dynamic, forward looking and leading on world stage. "Which is why so many French have fled to UK." The Brexiteer also took a swipe at the French leader by responding to US President Joe Biden's congratulations message to Mr Macron. The US leader wrote: "Congratulations to @EmmanuelMacron on his re-election. "France is our oldest ally and a key partner in addressing global challenges. "I look forward to our continued close cooperation — including on supporting Ukraine, defending democracy, and countering climate change." To which Mr Gardiner replied: "Actually, Joe, the French have knifed Ukraine in the back for years by selling weapons to the Russians. "And Emmanuel Macron has been acting as Putin's poodle before and after the Russian invasion. "The Ukrainians don't trust him at all." Final results of Sunday's runoff showed Mr Macron won 58.54 percent of the vote, a result line with late polling but a higher margin of victory than many earlier surveys had predicted. The result also give the far-right its biggest share of the pesidential ballot on record. READ MORE: Putin humiliation as Russian forces lost 70 percent of missiles The French leader pledged to address deep divisions within France as results showed a clear presidential election win over Marine Le Pen, acknowledging that many had voted for him mainly to thwart his far-right challenger. He said: "Many in this country voted for me not because they support my ideas but to keep out those of the far-right. I want to thank them and know I owe them a debt in the years to come. "We will have to be benevolent and respectful because our country is riddled with so many doubts, so many divisions." While Macron's margin of victory was comfortable, it was well below the 66.1 percent he scored against the same opponent in their first runoff in 2017, and even further from the 82 percent secured by conservative Jacques Chirac in 2002 when the far-right first made it to the runoff round. DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated by mouse as Russian chopper destroyed in Ukraine [INSIGHT]Macron's victory night in tatters with Paris deadly protests [VIDEO]Brexit: Victory as UK to scrap 'insane' EU law [ANALYSIS] Hard-left presidential candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon - who came a close third behind Le Pen in the first round - immediately labelled the June 12 and June 19 parliamentary elections a "third round" of the presidential election. It is a ballot in which opposition parties of all stripes will be hoping to win. The conservative daily Le Figaro wrote in its main editorial on Monday: "In truth, the marble statue is a giant with feet of clay. Emmanuel Macron knows this well ... he will not benefit from any grace period." The message across the Macron camp on Monday was that they would listen more, after a first mandate in which Mr Macron himself initially called his leadership style "Jupiterian", suggesting he would stay above the political fray.