Reg Davies, aged 79, parked his car at the top of Russell Street in Leek, near Stoke-on-Trent, to walk to the chemist on the opposite side of the road to pick up his prescriptions. When he got back to his car, he noticed the £70 parking charge notice, and is now warning other drivers to be aware of parking at the top of the street. Mr Davies said: “I was parked on the top of Russell Street in Leek on the right hand side. “My disabled badge and documents were clearly visible. “There were no signs this was a loading bay and I was not blocking anyone.” The £70 parking fine which he found on his car, could be reduced to £35 if paid within 14 days. READ MORE: Smartphone app that allows the public to shop speeding drivers Despite this, he insists he was “trying to do the right thing” when parking his car. He added: “I take seven tablets a day and it was urgent to get to the chemists. “I can’t walk very far and it is ideal to park in Russell Street at the top end. “I feel this is just a way by the council to make more money from disabled people. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis gives desperate drivers fuel saving tips [INSIGHT]How much your car tax has gone up [SHOCKING]Highway Code rule may help drivers save £150 a year on fuel costs [HELPFUL] “I have been hard done to, by Staffordshire County Council. “It is totally unfair on people when you are trying to do the right thing.” Mr Davies then wrote to the compliance officer at Staffordshire County Council, claiming there weren’t any signs preventing him from parking there. The letter read: “This penalty charge is unfair, unjust and leaves me impenitent to say the least. "Your letter states that my car was parked where loading or unloading was prohibited at the time. I was doing neither. “If I had parked on the side of the road where the notice is, then yes, I would have blocked all traffic. I was, however, parked on the opposite side blocking nothing and nobody. “I would like to take a close look at this notice, a copy which you kindly sent to me. It states ‘restricted parking zone no loading’. “Since that part of Russell is flanked on one side by the gable end of Halifax Building Society, and the other end by a church, one cannot envisage any loading activities taking place," Stoke-on-Trent Live reported. Staffordshire County Council responded to Mr Davies via a letter from the compliance officer. The Council said: “The Penalty Charge Notice was issued because your vehicle was parked where loading or unloading was prohibited. “These restrictions are enforced for safety reasons where parked vehicles could be dangerous, block lines of sight for other road users, or cause an obstruction. “During restricted hours, a vehicle is not permitted to wait, even for the purpose of loading or unloading, regardless of the length of time involved or if a disabled badge is displayed.” Express.co.uk have reached out to Staffordshire County Council for a comment.