The news will see ministers lobby to ban the Government from purchasing health-related goods from the region. Should the ban come into place, any private contractor working in unison with the NHS would be required to abide by new rules under Health Minister Sajid Javid’s proposed Health Care Bill.  The Government is facing a potential backlash over the bill from backbenchers as the plan seeks to “eradicate” slavery from health care supply chains. Reports by human rights groups monitoring the Uyghur people in China have revealed detention camps, slave labour and human organ trafficking as being rife. Other measures taken by Chinese officials are alleged to include forced sterilisation, brainwashing programmes designed to remove Islamic ideologies from practising Muslims and the destruction of Mosques and places of worship. The Bill proposed does not specify any particular country, but does loosely reflect ministers' concerns over China’s practices in the Xinjiang region where Uyghur Muslims are most prevalent.  Former Tory leader Iain Duncan Smith, who has been leading the rebellion, welcomed the "significant move" by the Health Minister. He said, “I urge all other government departments to do the same as quickly as possible. “We will be sending the most powerful signal to those around the world that exploit and terrorize those weaker than themselves the swords of justice are on their trail.” Anti-slavery campaigners, meanwhile, hailed the move as “the biggest advance in modern slavery legislation" since Britain launched its crackdown on the practice in 2015.  READ MORE:Xi Jinping's ticking time-bomb as China might be forced to save Russia Luke de Pulford, CEO of anti-slavery charity Arise, who pushed for the amendment said: “This is, by some distance, the biggest advance in modern slavery legislation since the Modern Slavery Act 2015. “In fact, it’s much more significant in that it raises the bar massively for Government procurement. "This puts Sajid Javid’s department way out front on human rights, and huge credit has to go to him, his officials, and Sir Iain Duncan Smith, who worked so hard to make this happen.” Rahima Mahmut of the World Uyghur Congress told Politico: “It means so much to my people that people in other countries are standing up to China. “For too long the UK has pretended it’s possible to increase trade with China while denouncing their human rights atrocities. “I hope this is the beginning of the end for China’s trade impunity, and wish to thank Sajid Javid personally, whom I met the other night, and whom I believed when he told me he would do 'all he could' for the Uyghur people.”  DON'T MISS:Putin sparks major health fears with bloated face [REPORT]Putin humiliated as Russian spy snipes Kremlin over Donbas [REVEAL]Rees-Mogg hails major Brexit win over mortgages [INSIGHT] Jewher Ilham, who is also a part of the “Coalition to End Forced Labour in the Uyghur Region”, wrote for CNN: “The Chinese government has profited enormously from the forced labour of the Uyghur people and if brands and retailers stop sourcing goods from the Uyghur region, it would help end this widespread repression.” Around 20 percent of the world’s cotton is produced in Xinjiang, where Uyghurs are forced to pick it by hand, which in turn means cotton garments on the global market are at high risk of being made with Uyghur forced labour. Companies agreeing to free their supply chain of any material coming from Xinjiang will be a demonstration against the Chinese government’s human rights abuses. According to a 2020 Chinese Government white paper, around 1.29 million people in Xinjiang were subject to vocational “training” annually between 2014 and 2019.  However, the Chinese government has advocated its campaign against the Uyghurs as “poverty alleviation” and preventing terrorism, describing detention centres as “vocational training centres” where Uyghurs are educated and given the skills to thrive economically. This has been disputed by Amnesty International say: “Chinese authorities have built one of the world’s most sophisticated surveillance systems and a vast network of hundreds of grim “transformation-through-education” centres – essentially internment camps – throughout Xinjiang. “Torture and other ill-treatment are systematic in the camps and every aspect of daily life is regimented in an effort to forcibly instil a secular, homogeneous Chinese nation and Communist party ideals.” 