The Queen's eldest son Prince Charles is the next in line of succession to the British throne. Despite this, his future rule in Australia is under question as Aussie republicans have plans to ditch the British monarchy. Daily Express's royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed this on the latest episode of the Royal Roundup and spoke of his shock as Australia is set to row back on King Charles claims. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth on the Royal Roundup, Mr Palmer said: "There was interetsing piece in one of the other papers today, in The Times, George Brandis, the outgoing High Commissioner for Australia. "He was at an event that I attended on Monday, when the Duke of Cambridge laid a wreath at the Cenotaph in London on behalf of the Queen to mark Anzac Day and the sacrifice of the people from Australia and New Zealand who served in the forces". Anzac Day marks the anniversary of the ill-fated Gallipoli landings during World War One. Mr Palmer continued: "He [Brandis] was essentially saying that Britain should be less ashamed if you like, I'm paraphrasing, of its imperial legacy. "It should be proud of some of the things, the empire achieved and should recognise that part of that legacy means that the UK and the the UK Royal Family is highly respected in many parts of the world. READ MORE: ‘Two dignified and strong women!’ Kate and Anne step out on first joint royal engagement "Interestingly, because he [Brandis] is somebody who has, I think, has served in couple of governments in Australia, he was saying that he thought Prince Charles would make a good King and would be King of Australia." "I found that interesting because certainly, the last couple of times I have been to Australia, on a royal tour, my understanding was, in particularly I went when John Howard was Prime Minister, my understanding was that there was an agreement between both the centre right and centre left parties, that tend to serve the governments in Australia that the time to replace the monarchy was when the Queen dies. "There does seem to be consensus that Charles wouldn't become King and maybe that's not going to happen and maybe the monarchy will survive in Australia. Ms Forsyth added: "That would have gone down very wel with Charles. "It will definitely opening up a whole new discussion when that time, you know, does come, which inevitably it will". READ MORE: Prince Andrew faces being stripped of major British honour TONIGHT – decision imminent As mentioned by Mr Palmer, the article in The Times today said: "Brandis also predicted that the monarchy would survive in Australia for his lifetime after Barbados removed the Queen as its head of state in November. "He said: "I think Prince Charles will be a very fine monarch and a fine head of state of Australia. He loves Australia, he's been there 17 times. He has a true emotional connection with Australia." The Queen's Royal style and title in Australia is Elizabeth the Second, by the Grace of God Queen of Australia. The Queen's last royal tour of Australia was in 2011. She visited with her late husband, the Duke of Edinburgh. DON'T MISS Queen Camilla would have had Diana's blessing, claims royal expert [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's mother Diana admitted 'Easter always difficult time' [REVEAL]Kate Middleton recycles baby blue Emilia Wickstead dress for Easter  [REPORT] In one of his last public engagements before wrapping up his four-year term, Mr Brandis was asked whether Australia would become a republic in his lifetime. “There’s a large body of opinion in Australia that wants to be a republic. And a large body of opinion that doesn’t want to be a republic. And neither of them has a majority,” he told the British Foreign Policy Group in London. “And then there’s a floating group who think that it sounds like a good idea in theory, but when you look at the practical consequences it just gets too hard.”