Bedding plants are a short-term investment for your garden, offering a vibrant display of seasonal flowers during the warmer months. These fast-growing plants make for a stunning addition to any outdoor space, but it is important to time them right for a successful flush of colour. Planting bedding varieties out too early is one of the biggest mistakes made by gardeners, but when is the best time to start doing it? How can you grow bedding plants successfully? Unlike most spring bulbs, bedding plants are not hardy and shouldn’t be planted out until the risk of frost has passed. This is usually around the time that spring fades to summer, though you may see bedding plants being sold in garden centres as early as March. The Sunday Gardener said: “Most areas of the UK are frost free by the end of May, which means, although it is tempting to plant out earlier, it is best left until May.” If you do want to plant them out earlier, it is recommended that you use a fleece or cloche to protect the young crop from any late frosts. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls While most bedding plants can be safely planted after April in the UK, the exact planting date depends on the growing method. Bedding varieties can be grown from seed, purchased as young seedlings known as ‘plug plants’, or bought as established containers. Though most bedding plants are known to be fast-growers, seeds will take longer to grow as they need to establish before being planted out. According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), you can start sowing seed under glass with or without heat from January to early April. If the weather is relatively mild, you should be able to sow seeds directly into the soil outdoors from March onwards.The RHS said: “Many hardy annuals can be sown in September and overwintered in mild areas.” Bedding purchased as plug plants should be potted up into cell trays or small 9cm pots to harden them off. These can be planted in April to allow a few weeks of growth before transplanting them. Keep the young plants somewhere warm and well lit, such as a greenhouse or windowsill, until the roots have nicely filled (but not crowded) the container. Once the risk of frost has passed, plant them out alongside shop-bought containers. DON'T MISS:Gardening tips: ‘Quickest’ way to remove moss from pavements - how to [ANALYSIS]Gardening: 7 jobs to do right now for a thriving spring garden [REVEAL]How and when to deadhead flowers - 'we need to do it' [INSIGHT] Before adding bedding plants to your garden, you must make sure that the soil and compost is moist. According to the RHS, the best way get the plants dug into your borders and flower beds is to follow these simple steps: 