Martin Brundle was involved in an awkward exchange with Italian football legend Marco Materazzi during his pre-race grid-walk at the Australian Grand Prix. The Sky Sports F1 expert is given limited time to walk down the track as drivers are making their way to their cars. Many celebrities are invited by F1 teams to stand on the grid and watch the final preparations before the lights go out. Ex-Inter Milan centre-back Materazzi, who was a guest of Ferrari, was approached by Brundle for a brief word - but not everything went according to plan. Firstly Brundle strolled up to the 48-year-old and asked "are you Marco Mariachi?", completely butchering Materazzi's surname. He then proceeded to ask the ex-footballer which team he played for and how he felt about Italy not making it to this year's World Cup in Qatar after their shock loss to North Macedonia. "We are speaking about Formula 1," an annoyed Materazzi replied.  Brundle got the sense that the former defender was in no mood to talk and quickly ended the conversation while muttering "well that didn't go well" to the camera. Materazzi had a glittering career at the highest level winning the 2006 World Cup, where he was headbutted by Zinedine Zidane in the final. He also secured five Serie A titles, eight domestic cups and the 2009/10 Champions League. F1 fans took to Twitter to hail Brundle after the brilliant interview. One fan wrote: "Did we all see Brundle s***housing Marco Materazzi? Brundle > Zidane." And another added: "How to deal with Marco Materazzi by Zinedine Zi- Martin Brundle." A third supporter commented: "Martin Brundle some boy man Marco Materazzi raging at the no Italy in the World Cup comment." Brundle continued his random grid-walk by walking upto a man and asking "who are you and what do you do?" Towards the end of the amusing stroll, Brundle bumped into Esteban Ocon, who was running late for the start of the race. "I'll pay the fine if you're late," Brundle promised the Alpine star in a bid to get him to preview the race.