June Brown is an English actress who played the role of Dot Cotton in EastEnders. The star's days on Albert Square earned her a net worth of between £1million and £3.8million, according to networthspedia.com. June played the mother of the fictional character Nick Cotton until 1993. Four years later, she returned to the character and was on the show from 1997 to 2020. In 2017, June was reportedly offered £300,000 for a one year contract on the BBC drama. The actress also appeared in Coronation Street from 1970 to 1971 and in Doctor Who. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Pisces is 'especially hurt by deception' in love  While talking about not going back to the role, June said: “I don't want a retainer. "I've left. I've left for good. "I've sent myself to Ireland and that's where she'll stay. "I've left EastEnders," the star explained on the Distinct Nostalgia podcast.  The actress joined the cast of EastEnders in 1985 when the show first began. June also starred in productions including Rebecca, Macbeth and Calendar Girls. She played Delilah in Bean: The Movie and had the lead role in the TV film Margery and Gladys. As well as earning a millionaire fortune from her acting career, June released her autobiography in 2013. June died at her home in Surrey on Sunday, April 3, 2022. The actress was born in Needham Market, Suffolk, in 1927 and had five children. An EastEnders spokesman said: "We are deeply saddened to announce that our beloved June Brown, OBE, MBE, sadly passed away last night. "There are not enough words to describe how much June was loved and adored by everyone at EastEnders, her loving warmth, wit and great humour will never be forgotten. "June created one of the most iconic characters in Dot Cotton, not just in soap but in British television, and having appeared in 2,884 episodes, June's remarkable performances created some of EastEnders' finest moments. "We send all our love and deepest sympathies to June's family and friends. A very bright light has gone out at EastEnders today but we shall all be raising a sweet sherry in June's memory. "Rest in peace, our dearest June. "You will never be forgotten."