Christine Lampard, 43, and husband Frank, 43, are currently living between their family home in West London and Frank’s base in Liverpool. Frank moved up north when he signed a two-and-a-half-year deal to manage Everton football club. While the former Chelsea player is in Liverpool for work commitments, Christine is at home with their two young children, Patricia, three, and Freddie, one. On top of this, Frank’s daughters, Luna, 16, and Isla, 14, also live there when they aren’t with their mother, Elen Rivas. Speaking about their family dynamic, Christine explained: “You can’t just [uproot the whole family]. “Our home is [in London], certainly at the minute because Patricia has her little classes and I’ve got my stuff. READ MORE:Britney Spears, 40, pregnant with first baby with husband Sam Asghari “We’ve navigated through.” The presenter added that visiting their Liverpool home can be a “lovely change of scenery”, particularly because “it’s nice to have a bit of greenery”. On whether she finds it a struggle having Frank away from the family so much, she continued: “You get used to it and it’s not actually a big deal. “We’ve literally nothing to be moaning about compared to some people." “Yes, it’s one less person to lend a hand, but we manage," the Loose Women host added to Fabulous Magazine. Christine is able to spend more time at home because she doesn’t work every day. As well as appearing as a regular panellist on Loose Women, Christine also covers for Lorraine during the holidays. The presenter previously spoke out about Frank’s move when he was confirmed as Everton’s manager. DON'T MISSDonny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show[LATEST]Andrea McLean's sadness after being forced to sell home amid show exit[INSIGHT]Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress[PICTURES] She took the opportunity to congratulate her husband in view of her 628,000 Instagram followers by sharing a snap of him proudly holding up the club’s shirt. The mum-of-two added the caption: “Here we go, Super Frank! #Everton.” In a follow-up post, she thanked fans for helping her feel part of the “Everton family” with a sweet photograph of Patricia and Freddie wearing Everton kits. She gushed: “That was a good day! Thank you to everyone at @Everton football club and to all the fans we met for making us feel so welcome and part of the family.” While she was hosting Monday’s Lorraine, Christine said she “cried” when Frank’s team beat Manchester United over the weekend. She was discussing Brooklyn Beckham’s wedding to Nicola Peltz and reports that proud dad David welled up as the couple exchanged their vows. Ross King then quipped: “Yes, apparently David Beckham cried as he heard Everton beat Manchester by 1-0." And Christine cheered and exclaimed: “I cried too!”