The 7700 code, transmitted from near Nottingham, indicates a "general emergency". It typically means an engineering issue with the aircraft. It is not yet known why the 7700 signal was transmitted.  Earlier today, a Scandinavian airlines flight from Stockholm to Dublin was forced to land in Edinburgh after emitting an emergency "squawk". The plane emitted the emergency signal at 10.06am, according to Squawk Tracker via Twitter. The flight, which was due to arrive in Dublin at 11.10am, was forced to perform an abrupt diversion as a result of the emergency. Meanwhile, this afternoon, another RAF plane used the emergency 7700 signal. READ MORE: RAF Emergency: High alert as plane sounds 7700 ‘Squawk’ code  A British Aerospace Hawk T.2, tail registration ZK013, was flying over Wales on April 22 when it emitted the signal. It is unclear what caused the emergency but according to Flightradar24 the jet was forced to land at 1.19pm after a total flight time of 24 minutes. Less than a month ago an RAF military airbus transmitted the same signal while flying over Gloucester at an altitude of 5,000 feet. The aircraft took off from RAF Brize Norton at 4.17pm on Thursday 27 March and made a series of circles around Cheltenham.  It then transmitted the 7700 emergency signal. However, it later turned out to be a pre-planned test signal. A Royal Navy spokesperson said: "Today a wildcat helicopter was conducting a routine sortie over the Somerset levels by a qualified test pilot. "During this pre-planned flight, a routine test of the transponder was conducted." Explaining the use of the 7700 signal, RAF Lossiemouth had previously said that the practice is "not uncommon". It explained that its use helps "ensure the safe recovery" of an aircraft. RAF Lossiemouth's official account posted to Twitter: "Setting a squawk of 7700 isn't uncommon in these situations and is simply a precaution. "The word 'emergency' can sometimes worry those who are unfamiliar with aviation, but these procedures ensure the safe recovery of any aircraft with problems in the air."