The Duke of Cambridge reportedly wants to end the longstanding royal tradition of "never complain, never explain" following criticism over his and Kate's Caribbean tour. Pauline Maclaran, Professor of Marketing and Consumer Research at Royal Holloway, said William sees a departure from the policy is needed. The co-author of Royal Fever The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture added that the Duke is "very aware that he and Catherine are the future of the monarchy". Prof Maclaran said: "I think he recognises that there is a need to change because it's such a public relations game these days. "So much more so than when the Queen took over. "Now it is all down to how you brand yourself, what's picked up by the media and what isn't, and you need to be very aware of it. "Also the public does expect to see the sort of human touch behind the facade. "I think we demand more and more the explanation. "But William does seem willing to give more of himself in that respect and I think it's the right move." READ MORE: 'What were you thinking?' Cambridges' told to 'change' royal tours  It was reported earlier this week that William had been thinking about how long-held protocols can be modernised when he ascends the throne following criticism of his and Kate's Caribbean tour. Changes could include ending the policy of "never complain, never explain". William issued a statement as his and Kate's trip to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas came to a close last weekend. The couple faced accusations that Belize locals were not consulted about a royal engagement as well as calls for slavery reparations in Jamaica. DON'T MISSKate Middleton channels 'Princess Diana's most iconic outfits' [PICTURES]Caribbean fans chanted ‘we want you’ to Kate & Wills: TRUTH exposed [INSIGHT]Royal Family: William & Kate 'overwhelmed by remorse' after tour [ANALYSIS] William and Kate were also accused of being "tone deaf" after pictures emerged of them shaking hands with crowds behind a wire mesh fence in Kingston, while images of the pair riding in the back of a Land Rover during a military parade in Jamaica were denounced as harking back to colonial days. In his statement, the Duke admitted the monarchy's days in Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas may be numbered as he stated the future "is for the people to decide upon". William said who the Commonwealth chooses to be its leader "isn't what is on my mind", but what concerned him was its potential to "create a better future for the people who form it". He added that he and Kate were "committed to service" and saw their role as supporting people "not telling them what to do". Media coverage of the tour had been split, with some emphasising the positive impact of their presence in the Caribbean, while others described the fence photograph as a "PR disaster". Prof Maclaran said: "I believe it had some great moments in their tour, and the trouble is it was slightly overshadowed then by some of the negative moments."