Manchester United's decision to appoint Ralf Rangnick as their interim manager will go down as one of the worst calls in the history of the Premier League, according to former Chelsea ace Jason Cundy. Rangnick arrived at Old Trafford to replace Ole Gunnar Solskjaer on a temporary basis in November but has struggled to improve things at United, who now look set to miss out on a top-four finish and a place in next season's Champions League as a result of their poor recent form. Rangnick has only managed to win 10 of his 26 matches in charge of United in all competitions despite being known as the 'father of gegenpressing' as a result of his previous work in Germany. Cundy has since insisted in no uncertain terms that Rangnick's tenure has been a complete and utter failure while suggesting that whoever was responsible for bringing him to Manchester should be sacked on the spot."That club has been mismanaged, the decision-making, to bring in Ralf Rangnick," Cundy told talkSPORT. "Who thought replacing Ole with Rangnick was a good idea?"Whoever made that call, it’s a sackable offence. One of the worst decisions the Premier League has ever seen." JUST IN: Phillips set to switch agents in bid to secure Man Utd move Rangnick is set to remain at United in a consultancy role over the next two years, with Erik ten Hag set to replace him in the Old Trafford dugout at the end of the current campaign. The former Schalke and RB Leipzig manager will also take up a new post in charge of the Austrian national team over the coming months after the end of his interim spell with the Red Devils.Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Rangnick will be able to steer United back into the Premier League's top four ahead of Arsenal and Tottenham against all odds between now and the end of the season. Club legend Gary Neville recently leapt to Rangnick's defence by insisting that he has been powerless to fix United's problems this season due to the nature of his temporary role and his lack of recent managerial experience. "Ralf Rangnick, in for four or five months, has no strength of position in these next few months so players can take liberties with that side of things," Neville told Sky Sports last month."Cristiano Ronaldo going back to Portugal because he wasn’t selected, that’s not good, but what can Ralf Rangnick do about it? He’s in an impossible situation where he has to get in the top four."So he has to either put him in the team or leave him out again, and the situation exaggerates and gets worse. He’s in an impossible position because he has no strength and control." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here