Boris Johnson announced on Thursday morning that the UK has signed a deal with Rwanda that will see tens of thousands of unauthorised migrants, attempting to cross the British Channel, flown to the African continent upon arrival. The agreement, worth an estimated £120 million, which will be paid by the taxpayer, follows the precedent set by Australia, who began sending migrants to the pacific island of Nauru.    Explaining the reasons behind the idea, former Australian foreign minister Alexander Downer told GB News: “People smugglers who were charging people to make a hazardous journey from Indonesia to Australia were not able to deliver, they were not able to get those people to Australia. “So no one would buy a passage anymore. You wouldn’t buy a ticket to Paris if you knew that plane was never going to go to Paris. “It was the same principle. Basically, we destroyed the business model for the people smugglers. “They could no longer make any money from trying to bring people to Australia illegally.”    Mr Johnson’s announcement comes after home secretary Priti Patel visited Rwanda to sign what the two countries called an “economic development partnership”. Ever since assuming office in 2019, Mrs Patel has been exploring a range of creative ways to discourage unauthorised migrants from entering the UK. Of the ideas considered, sources said that deploying wave machines into the Channel was discussed but ultimately dismissed. After almost a year of negotiations, Downing Street confirmed that Britain would be emulating the Australian model of using offshore processing centres in Rwanda, roughly 4,000 miles from Britain. READ MORE: Brexiteer says Britons 'not prepared' to put up with illegal migrants [REPORT]  Mr Johnson said at a press conference in Kent today that the scheme would “save countless lives” by breaking the business model of people smugglers. Responding to criticism that Rwanda has a history of poor human rights, Mr Johnson said it was “one of the safest countries in the world”. He said: “Rwanda has totally transformed. Over the last few decades it has totally transformed from what it was.” “Let’s be clear, Rwanda is one of the safest countries in the world, globally recognised for its record of welcoming and integrating migrants,” he said. DON'T MISS: France 'could have stopped' UK's need for new Rwanda scheme [REVEAL]Priti Patel insists Rwanda scheme not 'one-sided' amid one-way flights [REPORT]Migration Watch hits out at Macron over UK decision on Rwanda asylum [REPORT]  Migrants will be assessed by the Home Office upon arrival to the UK to determine whether they are genuine asylum seekers who have fled persecution or economic migrants. The number of refugees sent to Rwanda will be uncapped and from there, they can expect to have their claims processed within three months. Successful claimants will then be permitted to stay in Rwanda for at least five years with a training and support package. Unsuccessful claimants will be sent back to their home country. Only male asylum seekers will be sent abroad under the new deal, since the Home Office judges them to be the most likely economic migrants.   