Better Call Saul is back for one last outing on AMC and Netflix before the drama finally catches up with the events of its predecessor Breaking Bad. Thankfully, there isn't too much longer before the latest and final series kicks off. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know to watch Better Call Saul season six Better Call Saul season six premieres on Monday, April 18, on AMC in America and Tuesday, April 19, on Netflix in the UK. In total, series six will consist of 13 episodes, three more than its previous five seasons on these networks. The first two episodes are going to be released on these premiere dates so fans can watch episodes one and two back-to-back. But the entirety of the series won't be ready to delve into for quite a while. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slates Alex Beresford after infamous GMB feud Better Call Saul is going to be split into two parts with the first made up of seven instalments. Following the start dates, one new episode will come out every Monday in the States and Tuesday in the UK. The season six midseason finale is going to be released May 23/24.  Continuing the pattern, one episode will come out weekly from then on for six weeks in total. This is until the grand finale, Better Call Saul's final ever episode, comes out on August 15/16. Splitting shows into two parts is becoming more of the norm for Netflix series including Money Heist, Ozark and Stranger Things. But at least this way, fans will get to make the most out of this series before it's time to bid farewell to the gang for good. DON'T MISS...Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series [EXPLAINER]Better Call Saul release time: When is Better Call Saul season 6 out? [RELEASE TIME]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Mike betrays Gus to save Nacho [THEORY] In 2020, the co-creators Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould revealed Better Call Saul had been renewed for another series but also that this would be the end. As with many shows around the world, filming was postponed thanks to the coronavirus pandemic but thankfully, the cast and crew were able to get back up and running in March 2021. Gould said at a TCS Panel that it was his "dream...to tell the complete story of our complicated and compromised hero, Jimmy McGill – now AMC and Sony are making that dream come true." With season six ready to begin, the prequel's timeline is almost catching up to the events of Breaking Bad. The co-creators announced last year that there would be too familiar faces appearing in this next series. Actors Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul are going to reprise their roles as Walter White and Jesse Pinkman in Better Call Saul season six. But how will they be introduced into the prequel before their own story begins? Better Call Saul season six premieres on Monday, April 18, on AMC in America and Tuesday, April 19, on Netflix in the UK.