Rebecca, who has appeared on Gardeners' World, runs the Instagram account @gardenthirtythree. On it, the Garden Design student shares tips for gardeners of all abilities. She spoke with Express.co.uk about the common enemy of gardeners, slugs. The gastropods are slimy creatures who love to nibble on your leaves. Sadly, this does no good for your plants. Thankfully, Rebecca shared a guide to get rid of slugs in your garden. Rebecca said: "Frogs are a gardeners best friend, and they will eat the slugs for you." Frogs are a natural predator for slugs. They find slugs delicious, and will hunt them out of your garden. READ MORE: 'Embrace nature': How to attract wildlife into your garden (and eliminate slugs) Rebecca explained how she has tempted frogs into her garden. The amphibians love water and ponds, so adding on to your garden is likely to attract some new slug-eating tenants. Rebecca said: "We introduced some low level water features that can be accessed by the frogs. DON'T MISS'Stop them spreading': 'Best strategy' for weeds [EXPERT] 'Pick me up for your lawn': Seaweed makes grass greener [GARDEN] 'Now is the perfect time' to sow cosmos in the garden [FLOWERS] "It doesn’t have to be a big pond, just something the frogs can access and they will help keep slug damage to a minimum." Another strategy Rebecca uses is "strulch". She said: "Strulch is also brilliant for keeping slugs away." So, what exactly is "strulch"? The gardener explained: "This is a mulching material you add to the top of your borders and will also help with weed suppression. "Some slug damage is normal, but the goal is to stop an entire plant from being stripped!" Strulch is a portmanteau of "straw" and "mulch". It is used RHS Gardens at Wisley to keep soil healthy. Slugs are unlikely to want to crawl over the rough surface. The animals have a long, slimy belly, which is vulnerable and sensitive. Therefore, they avoid crawling over anything rough. The same goes for plant-nibbling slugs. Recently, Rebecca shared a tip for cutting the grass she claims is essential for avoiding yellow grass. She said: "The secret to really lush thick grass is to cut it regularly on a longer setting. "When you cut the grass it encourages it to release a growth hormone which leads to thicker shoots. "We cut our lawn twice per week on a long setting, so it doesn’t take much length off but will help to thicken it up."