The cost of living crisis has hit pensioners particularly hard as their income struggles to keep up with rampant inflation. Pensioners may be able to get some relief through Pension Credit. Pension Credit is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and could provide additional income to pensioners on lower incomes. However, it is still underclaimed and as many as 850,000 people who could be entitled to support did not claim it in the financial year 2019 to 2020 according to Government figures. The rates at which Pension Credit is paid will increase from April 11, 2022, meaning those who claim it could get a larger sum. Guarantee Credit, which is the core element of Pension Credit, currently provides an income top up which could take someone’s weekly income to £177.10 if they are single or £270.30 if they have a partner. READ MORE: Easter payment dates for Universal Credit plus 30 freebies people can claim from DWP From next week, these rates will increase to £182.60 and £278.70 respectively. Savings Credit is the other form of Pension Credit and provides a lower amount to people who do not require as much support. Single pensioners could get up to £14.04 a week, while for couples it is £15.71. From April 11, the maximum amount paid by Savings Credit will increase to £14.48 for single pensioners and £16.20 for couples. DON'T MISS‘Had no idea!’ WASPI woman, 70, frustrated at state pension age change - ‘real shock’ [WASPI]Is it cheaper to use gas or electricity? Fact-checked [INSIGHT]Just TWO days left to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax and capital gains tax raid - act NOW [ALERT] Savings Credit can only be claimed by people who reached state pension age before April 6, 2016. There are also additional amounts available depending on someone’s circumstances. For example, Britons may get extra amounts if they have a severe disability or caring responsibilities. On top of the weekly income boost Pension Credit provides, it also entitles claimants to other benefits. This includes the Warm Home Discount, Council Tax Reduction and a free TV licence (for those aged 75 and over). Pensioners can apply for Pension Credit online via the Gov.uk website. When applying, they will have their income assessed to see if they qualify for support, and how much they could get. Couples must apply for Pension Credit together. Britons can also apply by phone on 0800 99 1234 or by post. Applications can be started up to four months before someone reaches state pension age. This could reduce the delay in someone getting their first payment. Those who have already reached state pension age may be able to backdate their claim by up to three months.