The Government has now reported that plans should be getting back on track after the pandemic pause, with plans for the first wave of migrations to be drawn up within weeks. An estimated 1.7 million people will be affected by the move.   People claiming one or more of these benefits will be moved on to Universal credit: The Government reported: “The COVID-19 pandemic enforced a prolonged pause in this process, however we understand that it will resume during the course of this year.” READ MORE: ‘We’re hungry all the time’ Single mum pleads for help as Universal Credit falls short      The lack of staff and Covid pandemic atmosphere prevented the migration from going ahead since 2020. The proposals and plans for the migration will be updated in light of the two years since the plan was acted upon. One aspect that will likely be under intense scrutiny is the potential to remove the cap on migration notices that can be issued. Currently, the cap sits at 10,000 migration notices that can be given to existing claimants on legacy benefits. Dr Stephen Brien, Social Security Advisory Committee chair, noted that the ‘managed migration’ could have severe repercussions for both benefit recipients and the DWP.  He said: “A process to move around 1.7 million households, many with complex lives, onto Universal Credit from legacy benefits creates a significant risk for both those who are reliant on these benefits and also for the Department for Work and Pensions in delivering it. “For the public to have confidence in this process and to minimise risk further consideration needs to be given to establishing appropriate independent oversight and scrutiny of the programme as it moves forward.” Concerns have also been raised by charities, who note that the ‘managed migration’ may be too much for some household budgets to handle during the cost of living crunch. The biggest of which is the fact that Universal Credit is paid in arrears, with first-time claimants having to wait five weeks before their first payment.  During this time, if Britons find themselves in dire straits, they may be able to apply for an advance. This allows them to receive all or some of their benefit amount early if they will not be able to afford the likes of food or rent during the waiting period. However, this advance will be deducted from future Universal Credit payments until it is entirely paid off. Reportedly, the DWP will begin with tax credit recipients, sticking to the migration notice cap of 10,000.  Following this they may remove the cap when heading onto the other legacy benefits, according to the Daily Record. The Government hopes for the migration process to be completed, with all legacy benefit recipients receiving Universal Credit instead, by the end of 2024. Recently, the DWP have been urging Working Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit recipients to use a benefits calculator. This will reportedly help Britons determine whether they will be better off on Universal Credit.