Jon Rahm’s son has stolen the golfer’s thunder during his interview with ESPN’s Marty Smith at Augusta National on Wednesday. Kepa, one, grabbed the microphone while joining in with the conversation.  As Jon held Kepa during the interview, the child became more interested in the microphone than his dad talking.  Kepa continuously grabbed the microphone away from Marty while babbling, even attempting to chomp on it.  Marty asked him playfully: “Do you want to take this home with you?”  However, Kepa wasn’t the only child to steal the spotlight during the Par-3 competition ahead of the Masters, beginning on Thursday. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show Tommy Fleetwood’s four-year-old son Franklin also ran on to the course wearing a caddie outfit on Wednesday. Jon and his wife Kelley Cahill are expecting their second child this summer after the couple announced their pregnancy a few weeks ago. The Spanish pro golfer could be seen smiling in pictures taken yesterday alongside Kepa and Kelley. Jon donned a pair of white golf shoes and light grey trousers. The combo was paired with a grey polo shirt and dark blue sports cap. Meanwhile, Kelley wore an all-white tracksuit and matching trainers. She wore her blonde hair in long waves. Jon held baby Kepa in his arms as he smiled proudly at the camera. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] Kepa wore a white matching outfit, like his mum, and a pair of little green and white trainers on his feet. Jon and Kelley welcomed Kepa, who is their first child, last April. The couple announced they were expecting their second child on Instagram on February 23. The photo showed Jon alongside his wife and baby Kepa playing on the ground. They were holding photos of the prenatal scan. The caption, alongside a Spanish translation, explained how grateful the golfer was for the arrival of his “baby boy” this summer. He wrote: “Happy birthday to my beautiful wife. “Grateful for an amazing year, looking forward to adding baby boy this summer! “#Rahmbino #number2.”