A Place in the Sun presenter Leah Charles-King was introduced to the property programme last year, joining the likes of fellow experts Laura Hamilton and Ben Hillman on the Channel 4 show. After a successful career in TV, Leah decided to swap children's presenting on CITV for a career in property. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Leah has spoken out about how she has dealt with "fussy" house hunters during her time on the show so far. The presenter went on to admit during her first few episodes, there was also a lot of drama with her guests. Discussing what it was like meeting her house hunters, Leah began: "There's just so much banter and so much fun. "I really am interested in their family, their friends, their lifestyles and what they want." READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... She continued: "I work really hard with the team to make sure they're also looked after whilst they're with us. "There's always drama I think in every episode I've done so far, there's some kind of drama that happens but it always turns out well. "I've seen quite a few of the episodes we have shot so far, and even from me watching as a viewer I've been entertained so I hope that the audience enjoys them as much as I've enjoyed filming them." When filming for the show, the presenters don't always impress the house hunters with their property choices and Leah admits they don't always get it right. She said sometimes their guests take an instant dislike to the properties and so, they halt the search midway through. Speaking about how she deals with those situations, the property expert recalled: "I've had that about three times now (when a guest doesn’t like a property). "So, yeah I have had that a few times when we have walked into a property and they've gone 'I hate it'. "During my first episode, at the second property, the lady Carrie didn't like it." DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star Ralf Little on ‘vindication’ of Neville [INSIGHT]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [NEWS]Channel 4 air Grease despite calls to never be shown again [REACTION] "Yeah, if they don't like it then I'm not going to flog a dead horse as they say," she added. "It's like fine, 'You don't like it, let's find you somewhere better'." Leah went on to explain why Carrie and her husband, Steve weren't impressed by the holiday home. "When we walked in, Carrie said she had a bad feeling about it," the property expert said. "There was a cracked mirror and she felt that there were bad vibes and she really disliked the property and I just said, ‘Shall we leave?’ and she said, 'Yeah, let's go'." Ahead of filming for the show, Leah explained she suffered from anxiety about travelling because of the pandemic. “I have a generalised anxiety disorder so there are those things to navigate, of course,” she explained. “Having to travel, obviously within a pandemic and all the things that go with it do increase the anxiety but I'm just making sure that I'm taking care of my well-being. “Being back on camera that's actually my safe space, believe it or not, that's actually where I feel most comfortable.” A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.