Just after Meghan married Prince Harry in 2018, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex travelled to Australia, New Zealand, Fiji and Tonga. Among the engagements for the couple was a stopover at the Invictus Games, which were being held in Sydney. The royal couple managed to fit 26 engagements into just 16 days. But newly-minted Royal Family member Meghan “apparently hated every second” of the visit Down Under, Princess Diana’s biographer has claimed. Tina Brown has claimed that the Duchess of Sussex found the engagements antiquated, citing a former Buckingham Palace employee. The palace source then claimed Meghan would have preferred to focus on causes close to her heart. Ms Brown’s book, The Palace Papers, claimed Meghan believed “the monarchy likely needed her more than she needed them”. Ms Brown described Meghan’s conviction that her “leading-lady status” should have been recognised more than it was during the trip. She wrote: "She had starred in the equivalent of a blockbuster film and wanted her leading-lady status to be reflected in lights." During the tour, the Duke and Duchess were not entirely restricted to royal responsibilities, even managing to escape the public eye for an evening for a “secret” meal with friends in Sydney. The couple’s biography, "Finding Freedom", claims Meghan and Harry managed to slip away to visit Meghan’s close friend Jessica Mulroney for a double date with her husband, Ben. READ MORE: Harry claims 'immense' differences exist on therapy between US and UK They were treated to a “five-course meal” during the “intimate and completely secret evening” in Australia. The book claims: "In Sydney to take on engagements and host the fourth Invictus Games, Harry and Meghan managed to sneak out for an evening off with Jessica and Ben Mulroney, the latter of whom was covering the Games for Canada's CTV network. "A real estate billionaire loaned them his home for an intimate and completely secret evening with a five-course meal prepared for a private chef." Before quitting royal duties - and the overseas engagements that came with them - the Duke and Duchess of Sussex spent a week and a half touring Africa on behalf of the Firm. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William 'predicted category 5 tantrum' [LIVE] Meghan and Harry urged to ease 'palpable tension' with Cambridges [INSIGHT] Prince Charles branded 'very selfish' by Meghan Markle biographer [REPORT] They spent 10 days in South Africa, before Prince Harry went on alone to Botswana, Malawi and Angola. They championed a number of causes and charities, with Meghan commenting: "The rights of women and girls is something that's very close to my heart and a cause I've spent the majority of my life advocating for.” She and Harry, a long-time mental health awareness advocate, also visited Waves for Change, a mental health charity in Cape Town working to divert youngsters from violence through surfing. They had four-month-old Archie in tow for the visit that cost almost £250,000. Just three months after the South Africa tour, the couple announced their split from the Royal Family. A representative for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex has been contacted for comment.