Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan has aimed another swipe at Meghan Markle as he compares her relation to veracity to "what Putin is to humanity". The former Life Stories host, 57, made the comments in a new column ahead of the debut of his new TalkTV show, Uncensored, next week. Last year the star left his presenting responsibilities on GMB after saying that he "didn't believe a word" the Duchess of Sussex had said. Piers made the comments following Meghan's landmark interview with Oprah Winfrey where she claimed she faced mental health struggles as part of the royal family. The next morning on GMB, Piers told how he didn't believe the Duchess' claims before disagreeing with ITV weatherman Alex Beresford and storming off set. In a savage new jibe, the host of TalkTV's new show Piers Morgan: Uncensored branded his removal from the ITV programme as "cowardly censorship" while taking another swipe at Meghan. READ MORE: Piers Morgan reignites feud with Alex Beresford as he returns to ITV "But my enforced removal from Good Morning Britain last year for refusing to apologise for an honest opinion that Meghan Markle is to veracity what Vladimir Putin is to humanity was cowardly corporate censorship, and I’m confident that if Princess Pinocchio writes to my new boss Rupert Murdoch demanding my head on a plate – as she did to ITV’s CEO Dame Carolyn McCall – she won’t be quite so successful," he wrote in The Spectator. Elsewhere, the star spoke at the press event for his new show, revealing that his stance on the Duchess of Sussex hasn't changed. Piers said: "I still don't believe a word Meghan Markle says. "I think almost everything that comes out of our mouth is complete b******t." However, the star went on to take issue with the fact that his co-host Susanna Reid was allowed to voice her opinion on Meghan's comment, while he wasn't. Piers explained: "But whether you agree with me or not, doesn't matter. "Susanna Reid, on that same show where I got into all the trouble, she was saying the complete opposite. "Well, why is she entitled to believe her, given how many lies were coming out of Meghan Markle's mouth?" he asked. DON'T MISS... ‘Utterly cynical manoeuvre’ John Cleese lashes out at Tories [UPDATE]Stacey Solomon issues apology over 'unrelatable' swimming pool update [ANALYSIS]ITV's Charlene White slams 'misplaced vitriol' aimed at Prince Harry [INSIGHT] He went on to add that he couldn't "understand" why he was censored from voicing his opinions on the Duchess of Sussex's claims. "I just don't understand why someone's right to believe was deemed to be more than, more valued and protected and someone's right to disbelieve them," Piers added. Piers went on to claim that Meghan's behaviour has been "shameful", writing: "We're talking [about] someone who was on national TV in America, trashing our royal family, trashing the monarchy, humiliating the Queen, all while Prince Philip was seriously ill, and then later died. "I thought it was utterly shameful, totally disgraceful. Media regulator Ofcom received a record 58,000 complaints about the former newspaper editor following his comments. But despite the record-breaking number of complaints about Piers' comments, they went on to ultimately clear the former newspaper editor of breaching the broadcasting code. Following the update, Piers took to Twitter to reveal that he stood firmly behind his remarks. He told his nearly eight million followers: "I've had time to reflect on this opinion, and I still don’t. If you did, OK. Freedom of speech is a hill I’m happy to die on." Uncensored airs on TalkTV on Monday 25th April at 8pm.