Following PM Boris Johnson and UK chancellor Rishi Sunak’s public apologies for breaking lockdown rules inside No 10, David Lammy said that he is “jolly happy’ that the secondary teacher he is interviewing does not teach his kids as she does not believe the prime minister and chancellor “have done anything wrong”. Speaking with the teacher being interviewed, LBC presenter David Lammy said: “You are a teacher in secondary school, so do you know what happens in your class?”’ He also added: “Do you know what is going on in your home?”. The teacher replied: “Of course I do”. David Lammy continued: “Then why do you think Boris Johnson does not know what is going on in his [home]?” READ MORE: Is your MP supporting Boris? Full list of MPs backing the PM LBC presenter refers to Metropolitan Police reports that found Boris Johnson guilty for attending six of the 16 gatherings that took place inside 10 Downing Street during the national lockdown. Referring to the teacher’s stance on Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak’s behaviour at No 10, David Lammy said: “This is perplexing me”. He then concluded: “Thank you for your view, but I am jolly pleased you do not teach my kids”. “I hope you tell your pupils to follow the rules”, David Lammy also added during the interview. READ MORE: 'Boris has surrendered!' Fury as PM caves in fishing row with France Following the Partygate fines that concerns both PM Boris Johnson and UK chancellor Rishi Sunak, the prime minister has publicly apologised over having broken the lockdown rules inside No 10 during the national lockdown. He said: “I have paid the fine and I once again offer a full apology”. To the question whether he would resign, he said that he would not and also stated: “I want to be able to get on and deliver the mandate I have, but also to tackle the problems that the country must face right now”. PM Boris Johnson also refers to the current war in Ukraine and relations with Russia, which significantly affect Europe. DON'T MISS: Putin given ‘another bloody nose’ [WATCH] Putin branded ‘utterly delusional’ for warning Finland and Sweden [LISTEN] EU savaged for shameless ‘spin’ as it gloats over Brexit move [INSIGHT] Besides the prime minister, also UK chancellor Rishi Sunak confirmed he would not resign from his position, and claimed he had paid the fine for breaking Covid regulations. Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak’s decision not to resign has received critics, including from Labour Party leader Keir Starmer and Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon. “[Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak] are dishonouring the office and should resign”, stated Mr Starmer. Ms Sturgeon also claimed: “[Mr Johnson] broke the law and repeatedly lied to the parliament”, referring to Boris Johnson’s past denial of having broken the rules at No 10.