The original footage was shot from a helmet camera and showed one of a group of cyclists falling into a ditch after a Land Rover Defender drove past. The driver of the SUV was handed a huge fine, prompting outrage from thousands of drivers. Paul Nigel Miley, 52, was driving a Land Rover Defender when he tried to move around the group of cyclists on a single track road, apparently injuring one of them. After the footage was sent to Northamptonshire Police’s Operation Snap, Mr Miley was charged with driving without due care and attention on June 11 last year and pleaded guilty at Northampton Magistrates’ Court this month. He was also handed a fine of £1,008 and police explained that Mr Miley should have come to a stop to let the cyclists pass by his vehicle. But after Express.co.uk reported on the video, other drivers were furious at the punishment and showed their anger in the comments. READ MORE: Driver fined £200 after calling French traffic warden ‘immigrant’ In the video the group of three riders are heading along the single-track lane before Mr Miley drives by as one cyclist shouts "slow down you ****". After the car has passed, the camera pans back to the middle rider, who falls off her bike, while the other woman continues to shout expletives. Although there was some support for the cyclist originally, most Express readers were unanimous in their backing of Mr Miley. ‘Rp53’ wrote: “There was bags of room for a cyclist to pass. This is nuts. The woman fell off because she was an incompetent cyclist. Do the police really suggest a driver has to pull up and stop if a cyclist is coming towards them? Must have been a lycra cop who cycles in his spare time (you don't see a copper on a bike much these days!).” DON'T MISS Electric vans are now cheaper to operate than diesel [REVEAL] Man receives parking fine whilst taking wife to Parkinson's class [SHOCKING]Driving in sandals could land motorists with a £5,000 fine [WARNING] Another reader, ‘Jersey Man’ wrote: “Looks like the cyclist fell with her feet stuck in bindings because the cyclist in front of her unexpectedly stopped to shout abuse, neither were pedalling in the footage. “The Land Rover had its nearside tyre looking like it was on the grass verge so nowhere further to get across to avoid the cyclists.” ‘Local Voter’ added: “Nothing more than cycling lycra vigilantes. Always looking to issues and creating many. “Even the officer who judged the video is obviously a useless pr*t too.” ‘Dukeknowall’ wrote:” I'm going to start wearing a hat with cameras at the front and back to film the cyclists when I am walking with Dog along the path by the river here. “Then I'll send all the films of cyclists who charge along the path at full speed and expect us to immediately move out of the way to the police.” While ‘PGD’ said: “Car should have pulled over? Well what about the cyclist pulling over. “First rule of using the road, be responsible for your own safety, don't place that responsibility on other people.” Another commenter, ‘David Smile’ said: “As usual an innocent motorist fitted up by the police and vehicle hating magistrates for the revenue and to appease a minority of militant cyclists.” And ‘MaureenT’ added: “​​With all the rights being given to cyclists these days I feel it's time for them to pay road tax.” ‘Luella7’ wrote simply: “Travesty of justice. The cyclist should have stabilisers if she can't balance on two wheels.” One cyclist, ‘Social distance 22’ also weighed in, writing: “I’ve been a cyclist for 40 years and think cyclists should be tested, have a licence and get points if they cycle dangerously. “As a driver it drives me mad when two cyclists cycle side by side having a chat while a huge pile up of traffic follows. “If cyclists took more care cycling drivers would respect us more.”