Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky has blasted the United Nations structure in a powerful speech condemning Russia's power of veto at the international security organisation. Mr Zelensky told the UN: "We are dealing with a state that is turning the veto into the UN Security Council into the right to die." He continued: "This undermines the whole architecture of global security and that allows them to go advantage. "So they are destroying everything that they can. "So if this continues there, then countries will rely only on the power of their own arms to ensure their security and not on international law, not rely on international institutions. The United Nations can be simply closed. "Ladies and gentlemen, are you ready to close the UN?" JUST IN: Kate is 'real deal' and 'would have Queen Mother's seal of approval' The Ukrainian President urged the United Nations to act and reform its system which gives Security Council permanent member Russia a veto. He stressed everything must be done to ensure the international body works effectively. Mr Zelenskiy also described in detail grim scenes in the Ukrainian town of Bucha, saying Moscow wanted to turn Ukraine into "silent slaves." Grim images emerging from the town of Bucha near Kyiv include a mass grave and bound bodies of people shot at close range, prompting calls for tougher action against Moscow and an international investigation.  Satellite images taken weeks ago of Bucha show bodies of civilians on a street, a private US company said, undercutting the Russian government's claims that Ukrainian forces caused the deaths or that the scene was staged. Maxar Technologies provided nine images taken of Bucha on March 18, 19 and 31 to Reuters. At least four of the images appear to show bodies on one of the town's roads, Yablonska Street. The city was occupied by Russian forces until about March 30. DON'T MISS: Motorists hit by 14 MILLION tickets in 2 years [ANALYSIS]Britain braces as bitter -6C arctic blast to bring deep freeze [REVEAL]Search operations underway as plane crashes into English Channel [INSIGHT]  Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the dead bodies were "staged" and that images of them and what he said was Ukraine's false version of events had been spread on social media by Western countries and Ukraine. Vasily Nebenzya, Russia's envoy to the United Nations, said Moscow would present "empirical evidence" to the Security Council that its forces have not been killing civilians in Ukraine and were not involved in events in Bucha. Ukraine authorities have accused Russian forces of carrying out a "massacre" in Bucha and say that 300 residents were killed there during a month-long occupation. Ukrainian troops re-took the town last week.