Manchester United and Tottenham are ‘monitoring’ the situation of Christian Eriksen amid his superb form for Brentford, according to reports. The Denmark international suffered a cardiac arrest at the European Championships last summer. But, after many thought he’d be forced to retire, he’s now operating at the peak of his powers once again. Eriksen was saved at Euro 2020 back in the summer, with Denmark players and medical officials coming together in unison after he suffered a cardiac arrest. He had to wait until last month to get back onto the field again but, since then, has gone from strength to strength. The 30-year-old was sensational as Brentford beat Chelsea 4-1 on Saturday afternoon, scoring their second goal as they stunned Stamford Bridge. After netting twice for Denmark during the recent international break, it now means he’s got three goals and one assist from his last four appearances across all competitions. And the Daily Mail say both United and Tottenham are ‘monitoring’ Eriksen’s situation. Upon joining Brentford, the playmaker signed just a short-term deal. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And that means he’ll be available on a free transfer come the end of the season, providing he doesn’t renew. Brentford boss Thomas Frank would like to see Eriksen stay, however, having been impressed by his contribution since leaving Inter Milan for London. “In any footballer’s decision to move clubs there are a lot of aspects,” he stated. “It will be the same for Christian. “To be fair, I know Christian quite well and one thing he’s good at is just enjoying the moment. And I think he’s enjoying it even more. “So we are not thinking too much of what is going to happen in two or three months’ time. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players “I’m just very pleased he’s playing for us. It’s no secret that I want him to continue next season. “I know Christian is enjoying his football and really enjoying being back. “I know I will have to answer these questions until the end of the season, so let’s see what will happen.” Brentford are said to hope Eriksen will stay due to the fact they took a punt on him when offering him a short-term contract. Yet Tottenham are frontrunners to re-sign the player, it seems, with Antonio Conte already declaring an interest. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United have been linked in the past. And with Bruno Fernandes blowing hot and cold, and Donny van de Beek toiling at Everton, Eriksen may be a welcome addition. Jamie Redknapp, meanwhile, has called on Eriksen to stay at Brentford and continue to revive his career. “Could Christian Eriksen do a job in Tottenham's midfield? Sure, he's talented enough to improve plenty of teams towards the top of the Premier League. But I hope he stays at Brentford,” he told the Daily Mail. “He's writing a new chapter with a lovely club and it would be nice to see him continue this footballing fairytale. “I’m sure you remember where you were when 'it' happened. I was driving home and listening to the commentary of Denmark against Finland. I couldn't believe it. “I thought I'd just heard that Eriksen had died at the age of 29 and the Denmark players were forming a barrier around his body to give the medical staff the privacy they needed. But Eriksen survived. “Not only that, he returned to professional football. Not only that, the Premier League. Not only that, he's winning games for Brentford, as he did at Chelsea on Saturday. “And I'd like to see that continue. It's such an inspirational story. “Eriksen may have his pick of clubs when he's a free agent in the summer but he seems happy at Brentford and I'd like to see him thrive there.”