The Duke of York allegedly enjoyed the solo porn marathon at a VIP golf suite in Palm Springs. In 'The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor – the Truth and the Turmoil', author Tina Brown claims: "The Duke was always as oversexed as a boob-ogling adolescent." The Duke was reportedly a guest of Lee Annenberg - the wife of former US ambassador to the UK - at the Sunnylands Palm Springs property in California. According to the book, which is out later this month, Ms Annenberg was appalled by Andrew for his alleged actions.  Ms Brown wrote: "I am told that former US ambassador to the UK Walter Annenberg’s wife, Lee, was appalled when the Duke made a private visit in 1993 to Sunnylands, their magnificent Palm Springs estate in California, and holed up in his bedroom for two days, apparently watching porn on cable TV". The prince was staying at the property just one year after splitting from his wife Sarah Ferguson, it is claimed. The book also details Prince Andrew's friendship with disgraced financier and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. READ MORE: Queen secures victory for Jubilee horse race Epstein allegedly told friends that Andrew was a "useful idiot". In the book, Ms Brown wrote: "Privately, Epstein told people that Andrew was an idiot, but – to him – a useful one. A senior royal, even if tainted, is always a potent magnet abroad." The author and journalist also claimed Andrew was made to feel important by Epstein thanks to "the deals, the girls, the plane, the glittering New York world, where he wasn’t seen as a full-grown man still dependent on his mother’s Privy Purse strings". DON'T MISS: ‘Lost in admiration’ Princess Anne amazes with 20 engagements [VIDEO]Lilibet christening a 'sticking point' keeping Sussexes from returning [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry to get armed protection from state police [ANALYSIS] Tina Brown's book is released on April 26. It comes after the Duke paid an undisclosed amount, which reports state could have been as much as £12m, in an out-of-court settlement with Virginia Roberts Giuffre. Andrew has denied all allegations by Ms Giuffre and the payment is not an admission of guilt.  The prince's spokesperson did not want to comment.