Liverpool have already identified two potential targets ahead of the summer transfer window in the form of Monaco's Aurelien Tchouameni and Aberdeen's Calvin Ramsay, according to reports. The young duo have caught the eye of the Reds' recruitment team and moves are now under consideration moving into the final weeks of the season. Liverpool have already wrapped up one signing ahead of the summer having agreed a deal with Fulham for young playmaker Fabio Carvalho. The 19-year-old came close to moving to Anfield on transfer deadline day before the deal collapsed due to excessive paperwork before the deadline. Carvalho has since undergone a medical and visited Liverpool's Kirkby training ground. He will join up with his new team-mates this summer. According to The Times, Liverpool are also weighing up additional swoops for both Tchouameni and Ramsay. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims The French midfield technical is high in demand though with Real Madrid also keen on landing him at the end of the campaign. Chelsea and Manchester United have also been linked with the 22-year-old, who was part of Les Blues' Nations League-winning side last October. Liverpool are still yet to replace Gini Wijnaldum and Tchouameni could be the man to potentially fill the void left behind by the Dutchman. It's understood Monaco are seeking around £50million in order to agree to a sale. READ MOREJurgen Klopp claims Anthony Gordon 'lucky' not to get sent off in Liverpool win vs EvertonErik ten Hag 'in love' with Darwin Nunez and 'personally requests' Man Utd transfer dealArsenal forced into transfer rethink after target Tino Livramento suffers 'serious injury'  Furthermore, Scottish full-back Ramsay has also made an impression on Liverpool's scouts this season. The 18-year-old has just been named the Scottish Football Writers Association Young Player of the Year. Ramsay is viewed as a potential backup option for Trent Alexander-Arnold. They are not the only interested Premier League club though with Leeds also circling. Liverpool are expected to offload Neco Williams before the start of next season following a successful loan spell with Fulham. The Cottagers are expected to explore a permanent deal for the Welshman, who has reaped the rewards of regular Championship football. Jurgen Klopp has also seen the benefits of having reliable cover at full-back this season in the form of Kostas Tsimikas. The Greek international has been excellent whenever called upon and Joe Gomez, who is currently acting as Alexander-Arnold's deputy, is also expected to depart Anfield this summer.