The group, which is an offshoot of environment campaign organisation Extinction Rebellion, obstructed entrances and exits at Cobham Services on the M25 on Thursday morning. Images from the site show police officers attending the scene.   The group also blocked access to another petrol station forecourt on the motorway, as the young protesters glued themselves to the concrete at Clacket Lane service station in Kent. Other participants sprayed orange paint over the fuel pumps, while some attacked parts of the pump meters at the services between Junction 5 and Junction 6 of the M25. Approximately 35 people have turned up to protest across the two counties on Thursday, SurreyLive reports. One 22-year-old student, Nathan, said the onus was on "ordinary people" to take action if "politicians and bureaucrats" do not.   He said: "The world’s most vulnerable are dying from a fossil-fuelled nightmare right now, whilst our government proposes to drill for more oil and gas. "I refuse to stand by and watch as heatwaves and drought murder people across the global South and families in the UK are forced to choose between eating and heating. "If politicians and bureaucrats refuse to act then it falls on ordinary people to do what they will not.” Another protester, 33-year-old Stephanie from Essex, referenced the rising cost of energy and living as part of her rationale for blocking the forecourt. READ MORE: Benidorm chaos as foul-mouthed row erupts on bus to hotel She said: "I’m sick and tired of being treated like a criminal for standing up for what is right. "The real criminals are those refusing to act on the climate emergency, it’s truly genocidal for our government to give new licences for oil exploration. "The poorest in this country need help with their energy bills now. "But instead the government’s energy strategy fails to mention energy-saving measures such as insulation and instead prioritises a ‘plan’ which puts us on a fast-track for climate chaos.” DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: UK to unlock 'tens of billions' in major escape from EU [LIVE] Madeleine McCann: German police dismiss suspect's 'alibi' [REPORT] 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry [REACTION]  Earlier this week, a number of Just Stop Oil protesters were arrested by police for breaching an injunction. The activists blocked access to the Kingsbury Oil Terminal in Tamworth, Staffordshire, at around 7.30am on Tuesday. Warwickshire Police said 16 people were arrested after the injunction granted the force "enhanced powers to prevent and disrupt any unlawful activity". Dave Gardner, assistant chief constable, said the police's priority was to "minimise any disruption" to the local community and the operations of the terminal. He said: "A number of arrests have been made this morning and our priority continues to be to minimise any disruption to the community and the local road networks, while ensuring the terminal can go about its day-to-day operational activity." The group is calling for an end to new projects investing in oil and gas. Over 200 activists were arrested at the start of the month as the protesters blocked access to multiple oil terminals across the country. Oil pipeline giant ExxonMobil UK said on April 1 that it had temporarily shut down four of its sites as a result of the protests at the terminals.