Paul (played by Stefan Dennis) has been taking a back seat from the drama on Neighbours recently, with the ruthless businessman taking a very different approach to his work life by becoming more relaxed. The Channel 5 soap villain has developed a bond with young fashionista and business mogul, Montana Marcel (Tammin Sursok), in recent scenes as it seems he has been keen on joining forces with the new love interest for his son, Leo Tanaka (Tim Kano). However, all is not what it seems as official soap spoilers have revealed Paul will be keeping a careful eye on Montana as his true motives for getting closer to her are revealed. The drama continues as Leo and Montana continue to grow closer, especially since they slept together so the Lassiters Hotel company would get the contract to host the businesswoman's fashion week event. Although Terese Willis (Rebekah Elmaloglou) hasn't batted an eyelid over how the hotel got the contract, Paul has become sceptical of his son's relationship with the newcomer. Paul was willing to invest in Montana's cosmetics line but he begins to question what she really wants from the partnership. Knowing something doesn't add up, the ruthless businessman asks his private detective, John Wang (Harry Tseng), to look into Montana's background. What is found is just what Paul needs to get rid of the newcomer once and for all as he discovers she has been defrauding the tax office. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King When he confronts his new business partner with the information he has found, Paul gleams from ear to ear as Montana says she will do anything to keep her secret harboured. With the newcomer in the palm of his hand, Paul tells her she is going to rack up a huge expense bill for fashion week. This would mean when everything falls apart, his estranged wife Terese would get the blame for everything as he is still not over her ending their marriage earlier this year. As his plan follows through to the letter, the businessman also tells Montana she must break off things with his son Leo. Nursing a broken heart, Leo has no idea his father is causing so much chaos as Terese also struggles to keep her head above water. Having been sitting on the sidelines for the past few weeks, the businessman feels he is completely back in control of everyone's lives. But this might not last for too long if his secret master plan is exposed by Montana, who wants payback for him blackmailing her. With his life once again in ruin and with the people he supposedly loves turning on him once more, he could blame Montana for everything going wrong. As his blood boils and the red shutters come down, he could decide to take her out himself instead of getting someone to kill her. This would launch a huge murder mystery ahead of the show's finale airing in August, but will anyone discover it was Paul who killed her? DON'T MISS...Jason Donovan health: 'It's an illness' - star on his addiction [COMMENT]Natalie Imbruglia health: Masked Singer winner on her chronic disorder [COMMENT]Margot Robbie turned down plan to buy house in London after Brexit [COMMENT] There would be quite a few people in the frame for murder, including Paul's son Leo who recently had his heartbroken by the business mogul. Terese could also be in the firing line as she could have motive given how much costs Montana racked up on Paul's behalf. When it becomes public knowledge one of them has been arrested, Paul's guilty conscious could kick in as he wouldn't want them to serve time. Knowing things have gone too far, Paul could decide to hand himself in to the police as he is done with running from the law. This could be the perfect exit storyline for one of the show's longest-serving characters as he finally gets his comeuppance after so many years. Montana was introduced last month as a new, guest character who would set her sights on Leo as she seems to have a lot of power with all the money she has in the bank. With every new character who arrives on Ramsay Street, there is likely to be a secret lingering in the background and Montana's is she is a fraud. It was never planned Montana was going to be sticking around and it wasn't reported she was going to become a new series regular. Therefore, there is every chance the end of her story could result in death and could have huge repercussions for those living on Ramsay Street. Executive producer, Jason Herbison, hinted a messy love story was going to be part of the concluding chapter of the long-running soap. Speaking of the show's finale, the soap boss said: "What I can say is that the remaining few months have a bit of everything that we know and love Neighbours for. "There's heightened drama, unexpected visitors, an untimely tragedy, lots of romantic entanglements, and also plenty of Neighbours fun too." With Paul being the longest-serving character still on the show, writers could have thought he would be the perfect person to put at the centre of the tragedy. Viewers will have to wait and see what happens in a few months' time as it has been officially confirmed the soap will air its final episode on August 1, 2022. Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 5:30pm on Channel 5.