Danniella Westbrook, 48, took to Twitter and shared her devastation after the tragic loss of her pet pooch Bruno. The former EastEnders actress said she "felt empty" as she mourned the loss of her pet. In view of her 228,000 followers, the on-screen star shared a sweet photo of Bruno. She captioned the post: "Devastated at losing my Bruno last night… feel so empty and sad he was such a lovely old boy @BDRCentral." Alongside the snap, Danniella shared a goodbye message to her dog. It read: "Rest in peace my Bruno bear. You was such a good boy, full of love. Right till the end. We will miss you, so, so much." READ MORE: Prince Harry in 'fit of pique' after royal snub says Loose Women star Social media users commented on the news as they offered their condolences. Twitter user, Nigel Craft commented: "Oh no how devastating for you I’m so sorry." Danniella replied: "Thanks Nigel I’m so devastated he was my little mate such good company. Miss him so much." The news comes after just four weeks after she rescued Bruno after sharing the first photo of him on Instagram last month. She also shared the devastating news of his death via the picture-sharing site. The on-screen star posted a photo of him the day he arrived at her home and wrote: "My new baby... meet 12 year old Bruno, he's the latest edition to my family. "I rescued him from the amazing charity @bulldog_rescue_and_rehoming_uk he's 12 years old and I adore him. "If you're thinking of getting a dog please rescue." DON'T MISS... Brooklyn Beckham and wife issue plea for Ukraine after £3m nuptials[LATEST]Kourtney Kardashian forced to explain 'frugal' to Kendall Jenner[ADMISSION]Holly Willoughby: This Morning host posts rare pic of daughter Belle[PICTURES] The TV actress often takes to social media and shares updates of her day-to-day life. Meanwhile, Danniella recently opened up about her love life in a new interview and her plans for the future. The on-screen star revealed that she had found love with her boyfriend after the couple met in Spain in 2017. He was jailed in early 2019 but the star said he's expected to get out in 11 months time. The pair are planning to wed in the Maldives once he's allowed to travel once again for a lavish wedding. Elsewhere, the ex-EastEnders actress took to Instagram to reveal the results of her recent nose surgery after she had the first in a series of reconstruction operations. The star, who was pictured with a heavily bandaged face earlier this month, recently revealed plans to have a rib inserted into her face after years of drug abuse caused her nose to collapse. In addition, Danniella has also revealed she had lip filler and Botox last year. 