Home Secretary Priti Patel flew to the East African country on Thursday to sign the deal, claiming the asylum system was collapsing. Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross, who has performed a dramatic U-turn on the Prime Minister resigning over partygate, claimed the policy would help to deter people traffickers. But Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has lashed out at her rival's support for the scheme, questioning whether "he will be able to stand up to Boris Johnson or the UK Government". The SNP leader raged: “Douglas Ross earlier this year for what seems like five minutes tried to pretend that he had an independence of thought from Boris Johnson and the UK Government, but any illusions about that I think had been completely shattered by him. “If he can’t even find it within himself to stand up and speak out against a policy as disgusting as this then I’m not sure what he will be able to stand up to Boris Johnson or the UK Government on.” Ms Sturgeon also launched a furious attack against the UK's Government's new asylum seeker policy, describing it as “disgusting and despicable”, adding: “I don’t think it will be effective.” “More than all of that I think it is one of the most unethical, shameful policies I’ve seen from a UK Government and that’s a big big statement for me to make. “It’s bad on its own terms, but the fact that it is being set out at a time when, clearly, the motivation is to distract from partygate, I think deepens that sense of disgust people will have and that it’s been deliberately used to try to stoke some kind of culture war.” During a campaign event in Clarkston, just south of Greater Glasgow, Mr Ross backed the UK Government's new asylum seeker scheme with Rwanda. He said: “We’ve seen lives being lost with this illegal trafficking so the proposal is to try and do something to stop the 28,000 people who made that crossing in the last year. “Over 90 percent of those are single men, they’re coming over here as economic migrants and it’s to try and break that link to prevent and deter them from doing that because remember they’re coming from France. READ MORE: EU hits Ukraine with 'new protocol' likened to UK deal “They’ve already reached a safe country but they’re trying to come to the United Kingdom and they’re encouraged to do so by illegal human traffickers who are making thousands upon thousands of pounds out of their illegal activity. “Anything that can be done to try and deter that and minimise the number of people making that dangerous crossing is something we have to look at.” The Scottish Tory leader acknowledged fears over Rwanda’s human rights record would need to be addressed. He added: “We also have to listen to and respond to the legitimate concerns that have been raised, particularly about the human rights in Rwanda, where these people are going to to have their asylum verified and considered.” DON'T MISSUkraine LIVE: Putin's World War 3 threat torpedoed [BLOG]Huge blow for Putin as China silently turns and PULLS major car brand [LATEST]Horror as Putin's doomed Russian navy warship 'was carrying nukes' [REPORT] Earlier this year, Mr Ross had joined leading Tories calling on Mr Johnson to stand down, but has now insisted such a change would destabilise the UK Government and provide a boost to Vladimir Putin in Russia's war of Ukraine. He told the PA news agency: "I'm looking at the situation in Ukraine as being an issue that is of the utmost importance and we've seen that the support from the UK Government has been absolutely essential for President Zelensky and the people of Ukraine to defend themselves. "Therefore I want to do everything possible to maintain that support and do nothing that will help Vladimir Putin. "A vacuum at the top of the UK Government at this time would only benefit Vladimir Putin." When asked if Mr Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak being found to have broken laws they themselves had set would boost Russia, he added: "Their actions are absolutely unacceptable and I am as angry as anyone else is about this." "The situation in Ukraine and the last few weeks of this war has made a difference for me, but I respect people that take a different view."