Tyson Fury has confirmed that it is the "final curtain for the Gypsy King" after his incredible sixth round knockout of Dillian Whyte at Wembley. Fury had already hinted at retirement after beating Deontay Wilder in May last year.  But he was enticed back into the ring for a fight against mandatory WBC challenger Whyte. A record crowd sold out to watch the heavyweight contest in Wembley arena with over 90,000 fans in attendance. And with millions tuning in all over the world, Fury put in a masterclass in keeping Whyte at bay before going in for the knockout with a ferocious knockout in the sixth round. Fury sensed an opening with an uppercut landing hard on Whyte's chin with the 'Body Snatcher' falling to the ground and unable to continue. The 'Gypsy King' then announced after the fight that he plans to follow through on a "promise" to his wife, Paris, to now retire from boxing.  "I'm overwhelmed with the support, I can't believe my 94,000 countrymen and women came here tonight to see me perform," he said. "I want to say from the bottom of my heart, thank you so much to every single person who bought a ticket in here tonight or stayed up late to watch it on TV. "Dillian Whyte is a warrior and I believe he will be a world champion. But tonight he met a great in the sport. I'm one of the greatest heavyweights of all time. Unfortunately for Dillian Whyte he had to face me here tonight. It's no disgrace. He's a tough game man and he's as strong as a bull and has the heart of a lion. "But you're not messing with an amateur heavyweight, you're messing with the best man on the planet. You saw that tonight. As a professional it was an uppercut. I think Lennox Lewis could be proud of that right uppercut tonight. You know I also want to say. This man here, SugarHill Steward, he made me a greater fighter than what I am. Years ago I used to jib and jab, touch and slide.  "What you saw in here tonight, Sugar what a legend you are mate. You made me the biggest puncher in the heavyweight division by a mile. This man is the best trainer in world boxing including anybody. Unbelievable. You know, I promised my lovely wife Paris of 14 years that after the Wilder 3 fight that'd be it. I meant it. I had a war, it was a great trilogy, and I meant that. "But I got offered to Wembley at home and I believed I owed it to the fans and to every person in the United Kingdom to come here and fight at Wembley. Now it's all done, I have to be a man of my word and I think this is it. This might be the final curtain for the Gypsy King. And what a way to go out. A big thank you to the United Kingdom."  