Ralf Rangnick was apparently a “band aid” for Manchester United as the club conducted a “thorough and proper search” for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s permanent successor. The Red Devils look set to appoint Erik ten Hag as their new manager after the Dutchman beat seven rivals to land the top job at Old Trafford. United began the season in fine form as they picked-up 13 points from their first five Premier League matches. And they looked primed to launch an assault on the Premier League title after signing the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane last summer. But the Red Devils suffered a precipitous downturn in fortunes over the autumn as they endured an egregious run of form, before Solskjaer was axed in November. According to The Mirror, the 13-time Premier League champions hoped to name a permanent manager in the weeks following Solskjaer’s departure but ultimately decided to use Rangnick as a band aid type appointment to steer the ship for the rest of the campaign. And his arrival meant the club could be diligent in their endeavours to secure a permanent boss. United scoured far and wide in search of someone who could help the club become the force they were under legendary manager Sir Alex Ferguson, with Ten Hag set to take over from Rangnick on July 1. JUST IN: Man Utd outcast Martial admits future is 'complicated' amid struggles   And, according to ESPN, the 52-year-old was one of eight candidates Red Devils chiefs considered to take the helm at Old Trafford. Bayern Munich's Julian Nagelsmann, Chelsea's Thomas Tuchel, Leicester City's Brendan Rodgers and former Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane were all considered in the aftermath of Solskjaer’s departure. Paris Saint-Germain’s Mauricio Pochettino, Spain’s Luis Enrique and Sevilla’s Julen Lopetegui were then placed alongside Ajax manager Ten Hag on the final shortlist put together by United's football director John Murtough. Murtough has apparently conducted the search in an impressive, strategic and well-constructed manner - and the appointment of Ten Hag is likely to be announced before the end of the month. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's new-look XI if Gabriel to Barcelona swap deal helps solve striker issueErik ten Hag planning Man Utd backroom staff team 'with three on shortlist'Villarreal ace Capoue rubs sult in Bayern boss Nagelsmann's wounds     Rangnick has failed to deliver on his early promise during his temporary spell in charge and United look set to miss out on Champions League qualification after falling to seventh in the Premier League table. They also exited the FA Cup in the fourth round after losing to Championship side Middlesbrough, before succumbing to Atletico Madrid in the Champions League round of 16. So United chiefs will be hoping Ten Hag is the man who can finally turn the club’s fortunes around when he arrives later this year. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 