Manchester United's playing staff could be in for a rude awakening on the training ground upon Erik ten Hag's expected arrival at Old Trafford, according to Dutch goalkeeper Nick Marsman. The Red Devils are believed to be wrapping up a deal to appoint Ajax boss Ten Hag as their new permanent manager in advance of next season, with Ralf Rangnick set to move into a two-year consultancy role at the end of the current campaign. A formal agreement to bring Ten Hag to Manchester is understood to be in the final stages and is reportedly set to be completed before the 52-year-old is officially unveiled at the end of the season. He is known in the Netherlands for being a meticulous operator and it seems as though United's misfiring stars could be left surprised by the relentlessness and intensity of his preferred training methods when he gets to work at Carrington."I really like him as a coach, he's very demanding though," said Marsman, who currently plays for Inter Miami but has worked under Ten Hag at three different clubs, in an interview with The Sun."At Ajax at first he changed a lot in the training and he demanded a lot of [the] team. They were unsure, they were like: ‘We are already playing at a high level, why are we doing this? We aren’t doing this every day.' JUST IN: Man Utd target Milinkovic-Savic 'destined to leave' Lazio this summer "But after a while they were saying: ‘Yes, it works.' So all this stuff takes time but if anyone shows a lack of concentration or focus he's right on top of that."I think his quality is to get the best out of people and the team. There are always players who may take it easy sometimes but if you do that, he will see it straight away and be onto you."He was like that with me, but Manchester United need something." Ten Hag has established himself as one of Europe's most exciting coaches during his time in charge of Ajax, leading the club to the semi-finals of the Champions League in his first season at the helm. He has also been successful in keeping his squad competitive despite losing a number of key players such as Matthijs de Ligt, Donny van de Beek and Hakim Ziyech in the years since.Ajax have won two league and cup doubles under Ten Hag's guidance and currently find themselves in a strong position to secure yet another Eredivisie triumph between now and the end of the campaign. United will be desperate for Ten Hag to call upon his trophy-winning experience to end their five-year wait for silverware if his appointment is eventually confirmed as expected before the start of next season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here