Prince Andrew's appearance at the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service in March has sparked questions he will attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee weekend in June. But Royal expert Jennie Bond has explained how a royal precedent could stop Andrew, as well as Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, from joining the Royal Family on the palace balcony. Speaking to GB News, she said: "She does need someone to support her, not only morally but physically now. "If she needs an arm to lean on, she may well ask Andrew to go to certain occasions. I don't think we're going to see him on the balcony. "Jubilee balcony scenes are different from normal birthday balconies when the Queen does have her extended family there. "As we saw at the Diamond Jubilee, they had just five or six members on there - the key members of the family. "I think it would be extraordinary if he were to appear at this Jubilee on the balcony." READ MORE: Ingrid Seward hits out at 'unkind' York hurting Queen's Jubilee She added: "Luckily there is the precedent of the Diamond Jubilee when it is just where the immediate heirs have gone on to the balcony. "But that is the kind of life he lives now. "I think he is a distraction and that is a problem, if the Queen does want to invite him, he is now a distraction." It comes as Andrew, who just weeks ago paid millions out of court to settle a civil sexual assault case with a woman he said he had never met, accompanied the monarch to her seat in a shock move in Westminster Abbey on Tuesday. Andrew had been banished from royal life, first bowing out of royal duties in 2019 after his disastrous Newsnight appearance over his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. Nine Honey's royal correspondent Natalie Oliveri said: "I think it will really backfire for the Royal Family. "This is not going to be a good look if Prince Andrew does accompany his mother to the Epsom later this year. "It will certainly leave a lot of people angry and of course, the memorial service last week but this is another example of Prince Andrew really trying to revive his ruined reputation. DON'T MISS Ingrid Seward hits out at 'unkind' York hurting Queen's Jubilee [VIDEO]Sussex fans 'enchanted' by Meghan and Harry [INTERVIEW]Meghan Markle 'concerned' new book will 'damage her image' - claim [ANALYSIS] "Some fear that he's trying to wedge himself in as the Queen's unofficial advisor now that Prince Philip, who was the Queen's long time confident, has gone. "There are reports that Prince Andrew will be at the Epsom Derby to help his mother with mobility issues now that's why he took such a prominent role at Philip's memorial. "Andrew is not meant to have any official role in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. "However, it looks like he could force his way in there which will no doubt be another scandal for the monarchy which it certainly doesn't need."