Elite season five is on Netflix now and it picks up after Armando’s (played by Andrés Velencoso) death. Just as fans are treated to some answers, another mystery comes to light. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened to fan-favourite Samuel (Itzan Escamilla) in the TV drama.  A flash-forward showed a man's body floating face-down in a pool, with blood coming from his head. He seems to be dead and fans were desperate to identify the figure. They soon discovered Samuel was the one in the pool and as he is one of the main characters, the revelation shocked viewers. Samu had proof that Benjamín (Diego Martín) had been working with Armando. Understandably, the former was not happy and went to confront Samu to retrieve the incriminating SIM card. READ MORE: Will there be a season 6 of Elite? During the tussle, Samu fell into the pool, hitting his head on the concrete. He was able to get up and start walking away, but soon collapsed again and fell unconscious. As Benjamín was taken away by police, Samu's friends were heartbroken as they thought he had died. The series has not confirmed whether the main character survived the head trauma. The sixth season will undoubtedly reveal whether his injury was fatal or not. As far as season five is concerned, Samu was last seen being held by Rebe (Claudia Salas) and Omar (Omar Ayuso). They were crying at what had happened, but the aftermath of the fight is yet to be explained. This is not the first time Samu's fate has been questioned in the series. He previously found out Nano (Jaime Lorente) had murdered Marina (María Pedraza). DON'T MISS... Elite season 4 ending explained: Who died in Elite season 4? [INSIGHT] Elite season 4: Why did Nadia actress Mina El Hammani leave Elite? [EXPLAINER] Elite season 4: Netflix fans angry as 'oversexed' scenes 'ruin' series [DISCUSSION] He ended up going missing, leading fans to believe he may have been killed. However, he came across Carla (Ester Expósito), who was pivotal in solving Marina's murder. Actor Escamilla is on Instagram but he has not given anything away about his character's future. He is one of the only original characters left in the series, along with Omar. Fans took to Twitter to react to the final moments of the latest outing. Mikhaylowwa said: "They dragged out Samuel's storyline a lot. If he had been sent to London in s3, everything would have been fine. "But in s5, he had only two options - death or prison. #Elite5 #EliteNetflix." [Sic] Olasunkanmi said: "Since there is season 6 of Elite, I guess Samuel didn't die. #Elite5." CandyLovejoy however, believing the main character did die, said: "I can't believe this is how they said goodbye to Samuel's character lmao you either live enough to ruin your character arc or you get killed in this show #Elite5." [Sic]  Elite seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now. The series has been renewed for a sixth season.