Will Smith has previously confessed that his wife "doesn't believe in conventional marriage". His admission came after Jada Pinkett Smith caused a stir when she confirmed she'd had an "entanglement" with toyboy August Alsina. The couple had been on a break at the time she hooked up with him, perhaps sparing Will's blushes, but now it has been reported that singer August could tell all in a major book deal. Bids for a book by August reportedly came piling in following the fallout from Will's altercation with comedian Chris Rock at the Oscars, over a joke he made about alopecia sufferer Jada's hair. In addition, Will - who was compelled to resign from the Oscars Academy following his outburst on the night of the show - has also seen the ticket sales for Chris' latest stand-up tour skyrocket. Publishers are now said to be pursuing August and apparently offering six-figure-sums to tell his side of the story. READ NOW: Ricky Gervais blasts Will Smith for slapping 'gentle' Chris Rock A source close to August, who was less than half Jada's age when they started dating, has claimed he "is getting ready to sign a big money book deal [detailing] his romantic liaisons with Jada". The source also revealed: “He has always maintained that Will gave him permission to sleep with Jada, something they have publicly denied." It has even been claimed that August could address "how he spent time living in homes owned by Will when he was away filming". They continued: "As well as speaking about their relationship at that time, August wants to open up about the aftermath of going public and how it affected him personally and his career. “There are several publishers bidding for the books and August is lining up the best deal." The mystery source added to The Sun: "He knows there are a lot of people fascinated by his story and is happy to tell it.” Express.co.uk has contacted Will, Jada and August's reps for comment. There are currently some disagreements between August and the couple about what took place, as he insists the "entanglement" occurred with Will's "blessing" following a face-to-face chat, but the King Richard actor and Jada have categorically denied his claims. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [DEBATE] Ricky Gervais mocks backlash over Chris Rock's Jada Pinkett Smith joke [OPINION] Midsomer Murders' Fiona Dolman says she saw a new side to Neil Dudgeon [INSIGHT]  Jada has confirmed that she got into an "entanglement" with August back in 2016, when she was 45 and he was 20. She revealed four years later, during an episode of Red Table Talk, that she and Will had been on a break when it happened, and had been considering ending their marriage. Will confirmed: "We decided that we were going to separate for a period of time and you go figure out how to make yourself happy and I’ll figure out how to make myself happy." Jada added that she had "absolutely" been in a relationship with August, but dismissed the suggestion that Will had agreed to the pairing, stating that "the only person that can give permission in that circumstance is myself”. She hinted at deep unhappiness in her marriage, stating: "I just wanted to feel good, it had been so long since I felt good." The pair opted not to split in the end and are now very much together, but August put a spanner in the works during his 2020 interview with Angela Yee, when he appeared totally smitten with Jada. "I gave my full self to [the relationship] - so much so to the point that I can die right now and be okay with knowing that I truly gave myself to somebody," he declared. Meanwhile, Will told GQ that marriage "can't be a prison", citing his wife's "unconventional" beliefs and confessing that Jada had not been monogamous for their entire marriage. Meanwhile, the Academy has suggested Will will learn of any disciplinary action against him on April 18, after crunch-talks are concluded.