The monarch, who celebrates her 96th birthday this month, tested positive for Covid in February but was determined to carry out what duties she could, despite having what Buckingham Palace said were mild cold-like symptoms. She said the virus left her very tired and exhausted as she sympathised with a former virus patient during a virtual visit to the Royal London Hospital on Wednesday. The monarch's health has fuelled speculation about how many engagements she will be able to carry out this summer. She would usually have a busy schedule to look forward to, including events such as Royal Ascot, the Royal Windsor Horse Show and the Braemar Games. Wednesday's online engagement could be a sign the Queen may not be seen in public as often as she would have been before. Simon Brooks-Ward of the Royal Windsor Horse Show is optimistic about Elizabeth's attendance at the event which runs from May 12-15.  He said: "The Royal Family has continuously supported the event ever since it started – the Queen in particular. "Despite her many commitments, Her Majesty will always, always make Windsor. "The show is a very private, important part of her calendar and everybody involved knows that – her diary is kept clear." Royal Windsor Horse Show was first staged in 1943 to help raise funds for the war effort and has continued to run ever since.  READ MORE ABOUT A CALLER SLAMMING BID TO REMOVE CHURCHILL STATUE It was only in 2001, when Foot and Mouth disease forced a cancellation, and during the 2020 pandemic lockdown, that the show was not staged. Hungarian Count Robert Orssich and Geoffrey Cross were inspired by the Wings for Victory campaign and set about organising a Horse and Dog Show in Windsor. The first show was called the Windsor Horse and Dog Show and took place on May 26, 1943, helping the Royal Borough raise £391,197 – enough to buy 78 Typhoon fighter aircraft. It was attended by key Royals, including King George VI, the Queen Mother and then-princesses, Elizabeth and Margaret.  DON'T MISS: Brexiteer says Extinction Rebellion demands would kill elderly [REVEALED] Big Power Switch Off: When will UK blackout take place? [REPORT] Expert pinpoints 'disaster' in Meghan and Harry's relationship [REPORT] A keen horsewoman, the Queen won at the first show in the Pony and Dogcart class. The Duke of Edinburgh was also an enthusiastic supporter of the event, competing regularly in the International Driving Grand Prix before finally retiring from the competition in 2003.  Up to 60,000 spectators usually attend the show. The organisers will now be hoping Her Majesty is able to visit in person this year. Mr Brooks-Ward told MailOnline: "I explain Royal Windsor Hose Show as the equine world's Crufts. It has 3,500 horses of all breeds, shapes and size. "The Queen enters her horses in show classes – especially rare British breeds, such as the Cleveland Bay and Highland.  "She has a huge interest and takes great pleasure watching them. When she wins, Her Majesty is a picture of complete delight. "The photographs say everything – the Queen really enjoys Royal Windsor. Like everybody else, we look forward to seeing her again in this special jubilee year." Her Majesty was joined by members of the Royal Family for a service of thanksgiving for the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey in March. It came after she had to pull out of the Commonwealth Day service amid concerns for her comfort, which are believed to have been linked to mobility issues. 