The Government has outlined its plans to eliminate Russian supplies of oil to the UK by the end of 2022. This is the right thing to do but it will mean the UK will have to look to international markets and pay for our energy at world prices. Despite the huge challenges and costs facing the British economy the Government is still determined to pursue with absolute rigour the most expensive route to achieving the target of net-zero by 2050. When circumstances change, sensible Governments adapt their policies to reflect new challenges. Everybody acknowledges that the move to net zero is going to be expensive. The Government’s approach to net-zero was already creating enormous cost to consumers from less economic sources of energy and to taxpayers through green subsidies. At a time when prices are rising fast, a Government which puts the wealth of the nation and people's living standards first would examine all areas of policy, including achieving net zero by 2050 to ascertain how the target of net zero might be met and by when. If we are to level up all regions of the United Kingdom we will need to ensure that families can light and heat their homes and businesses remain viable. If we are to increase productivity we are going to need to ensure that manufacturing and industry have a reliable and affordable source of energy. If we are to protect the country from the malign influence of despotic regimes we need to become energy self-sufficient. The way to achieve these objectives is through using the natural resources we have here under our feet, creating tens of thousands of new jobs.  The United Kingdom has enough natural gas to take back control of our energy policy at least until we have developed nuclear energy and beyond. If we were to release just 10 percent of British natural shale gas the UK would be self-sufficient in energy for the next 30 years. This would ease the burden on families and businesses as the British economy transitions to net zero. We are therefore calling on the Government to lift the moratorium on shale gas exploration in the UK.   John Longworth Chairman, Independent Business Network  Tim Martin Chairman, Wetherspoons  John Mills Chairman, JML  Lance Forman Owner, H.Forman & Son  Roy Sandler Chief Executive, Sandler Ltd.  Brendan Chilton Chief Executive, Independent Business Network  Julian Jessop Independent Economist  Carol Wells Businesswoman  Louise Oliver President of the British Association of Women Entrepreneurs  Suzanne Evans Suzanne Evans Communications  Andrew Fox Businessman  John Elliot Founder and Chairman, EBAC Ltd  Christopher Nieper David Nieper Ltd  Patrick Minford Professor of Applied Economics  Stephen Willis Piercefield Oliver  Graham Stringer Member of Parliament for Blackley and Broughton  Daniel Hodson City  Roger Bootle Economic Consultant  Jon Moynihan Businessman  Ian Herbet Founder and Vice-Chairman, Vistair Systems Ltd  Rupert Lowe Businessman  John Fifield Businessman  Simon Boyd Reid Steel Ltd  Malcolm Penny Businessman  Ian Brown Managing Director, Industrial Maintenance Services Ltd  Tom Bohills Founder, Chronos Law  Nick McKay Managing Investor Grange Capital Investments Ltd  Chris Kelly Keltruck Ltd 