Shaun ‘The Dark Destroyer’ Wallace was the Chaser tasked with stopping contestants Kieron, Angie, Lynn and Tom from leaving the ITV show with some serious cash. However, before he’d even taken his seat, The Chase’s resident brainbox came under fire from first player Kieron for being “statistically the worst Chaser” among the show’s line-up of quizzing experts. And it’s safe to say the comment didn’t escape the attention of Shaun, Bradley Walsh and viewers watching at home. Kieron joined Bradley at the table as Wednesday’s first contestant to take on the Chaser and impressed by racking up £5,000 in his cash-builder. As is typical for player one, Kieron was unaware of which Chaser he’d be facing and Bradley was keen to hear who he’d like to face off against. Pulling no punches, Kieron quickly told the ITV frontman Shaun would be his preferred choice due to being “statistically worse” than the likes of Mark Labbett, Anne Hegerty and his other fellow Chasers. Moments later, Shaun emerged from backstage to take his seat and Bradley wasted no time in teasing his co-star about Kieron’s remarks. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh struggles with 'rude' The Chase question 'You can do it' “He’s right,” Shaun sternly said, prompting a deflated Bradley to accuse him of “ruining the party”. As chuckles emerged in the studio, Shaun put his hardened face on and ended the chit-chat, telling Bradley: “Let’s do this.” Despite not answering a question wrong, Shaun was unable to catch Kieron and he made it to the Final Chase with £5,000. Not letting his earlier comments go, Shaun said after his loss: “I backed it (after he) called me a useless Chaser.” Bradley tried to defend Kieron but Shaun hit back: “He basically implied that.” “He didn’t, he said statistically you were the worse,” Bradley emphasised as laughter erupted in the studio. Those watching at home were similarly surprised by Kieron’s comments, with some even suggesting it should’ve been “edited out”. Robin Chapman saw the funny side on Twitter: “Haha - statistically the worst chaser is in the seat! #TheChase.” DON'T MISS:Paul Sinha blasts Chase player over 'shambles' cash-builder roundThe Chase's Mark Labbett bids a relieved farewell to Richard OsmanBradley Walsh apologises after 'cracking' part of The Chase set “#TheCHASE To be honest he is the worse chaser statistically,” @buncie44 echoed while @mheanes weighed in: “I’m surprised they didn’t edit that statement about Shaun out  #thechase.” Mace Windu added: “Shaun must feel under pressure to beat this team after that comment. #thechase.” While Pat Williams suggested: “Shaun is statistically the worst one…..ouch!! Didn’t need to say what we all know #TheChase.” Elsewhere, @alice2127 defended Shaun’s performance: “Not bad knowledge for someone who's meant to be the worst  #thechase.” Shaun continued to prove his worth as a Chaser as he hadn’t answered a single question wrong against any of the first three contestants. However, neither had the contestants and Angie added £30,000 to Kieron’s £5,000 while Lynn made the Final Chase by adding £6,000. Tom was eventually caught by Shaun in their head to head meaning it was just the trio playing for £41,000 in the Final Chase. After racking up 13 steps, Shaun caught the team with four seconds to spare, leaving them empty-handed, and even commented: "Not bad for a poor Chaser, eh Kieron?" The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.