The smash-hit Starz drama has finally returned this month for its long-awaited sixth season following a lengthy break in the wake of the Covid pandemic. While Outlander remains one of the most polished period dramas in recent years, some eagle-eyed fans were rather distracted by a huge gaffe occurring in the background of a key scene in the season six premiere. Fans of Outlander have spotted what appears to be a camera peeking into shot during the first episode of season six. This year’s premiere, Echoes, returned to Fraser’s Ridge and the lives of Scottish warrior Jamie (played by Sam Heughan) and his time-traveller wife, Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe). After revealing more about Jamie’s past, he’s shown to have settled into life at the Ridge, though life in America still offers its fair share of challenges. At one point the ex-Highlander comes face-to-face with his wife’s attacker Richard Brown (Chris Larkin) after his run-in with newcomer Allan Christie (Alexander Vlahos). READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? Richard accuses Allan of thieving from his group and forces Jamie to dish out a severe punishment of 10 lashes. Unfortunately, the tension of their altercation was undermined for some viewers by the appearance of a piece of camera equipment in the background of certain shots. One observant viewer took to Reddit when they spotted the set-up, which was decidedly not accurate to the show’s 18th Century setting. User New_Passion_4604 wrote: “Here in the scene, immediately after Jamie flogged Allan. “The shot used may show Jamie looking broody and dramatic, in the background you can see a camera setup behind him.” Their post was even accompanied by a screengrab for reference, which definitely seems to suggest a chunky piece of filming tech somehow made it into the final edit. “At first I wasn't sure and thought it may be a tree or branch,” their post continued. “But after taking a look at some behind-the-scenes footage of Outlander, I saw that they use camera equipment that looks just like the figure.” DON'T MISS:Gogglebox’s Ellie Warner takes break to care for boyfriend Nat [LATEST]Riverdale’s Cole Sprouse predicts series’ cancellation [INTERVIEW]Gordon Ramsay’s Future Food Stars branded ‘Poundland SAS’ [REACTION] Other fans had also spotted the background blunder and took to the comments to joke about how the unfortunate gaffe might have made it into an otherwise gripping premiere. User yeehawdudeq replied: “As an editor myself, I just know whoever had to use that footage was shaking their head! It happens unfortunately.” And reddit_laura replied: “Same. I immediately sighed when I saw this post and was like ‘well, probably the best take’.” Apparently, the camera most likely went unnoticed by the director and camera crew and had to be included in the final cut in the hope that most fans wouldn’t be scrutinising the background too closely. To make matters worse, it seems like actor Richard was enjoying some downtime on the set in between takes. The original post continued: “Beside the camera equipment, you can see a man who appears to be the character Richard Brown played by Chris Larkin. “I can even make out a smile coming from the figure's face. It looks like the actor Chris Lark was grinning, not realising he was on camera. “Brown was very serious in that scene and not smiling one bit, even after Allan was beaten.” Thankfully, most fans failed to notice the mistakes when the episode originally aired on Starz, and even this attentive viewer admitted pointing out the blunder was “just a fun catch”. Outlander season 6 continues Sundays on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.