 While appearing on BBC Breakfast, Member of Parliament Rachel Reeves defended her fellow Labour party member Angela Rayner to morning host Sally Nugent and highlighted that sexism exists in Parliament. An article in the Mail on Sunday claimed Ms Rayner tried to put Prime Minister Boris Johnson "off his stride" by repeatedly crossing and uncrossing her legs at PMQs.   The article has received backlash and caused outrage amongst many MPs and readers. Sally asked: "I am going to move on to a story now that I can't quite believe I am going to talk about. "Many people have been outraged by comments made in the Mail on Sunday, yesterday, about your colleague Angela Rayner. I'm just interested to know your reaction to what they said about her and the story itself?" Reeves replied: "Well, thank you for raising this, Sally because I don't think there is a female Member of Parliament or a single staff member in Parliament who hasn't got their own story of sexism and misogyny.   "And I am afraid this story just shines a spotlight on the sort of rubbish that female MPs and other women in Parliament have to put up with on a day to day basis." Speaking fondly of her colleague and her ability to command a room, she praised her for leading the party when Keir Starmer was unavailable. She continued: "And it has got to be called out because Angela Rayner is a fantastic politician, and she takes on the Prime Minister when Keir's not available at the dispatch box, and she does it brilliantly." Rayner has served as Shadow First Secretary of State, Deputy Leader of the Opposition and Deputy Leader of the Labour Party since 2020 and is known for standing her ground when speaking in Parliament.     Reeves spoke passionately about the allegations and how despicable it was Rayner's alleged antics were compared to that of Sharon Stone's character in the hit Hollywood film Basic Instinct. She added: "She doesn't need to use her sex to win an argument or put the Prime Minister off or whatever was suggested in that article. "She does it by the strength of her argument and to suggest otherwise is just disgusting, and it doesn't do justice to the brilliant women that we have got in Parliament today from all sides in the house of commons." Nugent couldn't quite believe the allegations herself and seemed utterly shocked by what had been suggested. DON’T MISS…Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles pays tribute to co-star 'She's perfect' [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest in awe as £4 charity shop frame holds valuable abstract painting [LATEST]'Irritates me!' Esther Rantzen: Queen has 'earned right' to have Andrew at her side  [LATEST] Nugent described: "Are you aware just how shocking it is for us, people who don't work in Westminster who aren't in that bubble to hear you say 'this is just something women working there experience every day'. "How much of a cultural problem is this type of sexism?" Speaking candidly, Reeves replied: "It's still massive! I remembered a few years ago when I was pregnant with my second child, and I was told if Labour entered the government, I shouldn't be in the cabinet because I wouldn't be able to concentrate on having a new baby and having a big job. "No one says that about male MPs, that they can be senior politicians and also have children."  