Common household drinks are brilliant for getting rid of nasty garden weeds. Whether gardeners only have 10 minutes, or a whole afternoon to kill weeds, cheap and highly effective items found at home can work wonders. Chris Bonnett, founder of GardeningExpress.co.uk explained that some household drinks are not only effective at killing weeds, but they can help fertilise plants too. He said: “People might be surprised to hear that a lot of household drinks can actually be used in their gardens and on their plants. “If you have some spare or flat Coca-Cola this is a great alternative to weed killers and some drinks like milk and tea actually work as fertilisers. “Of course, they’re not as strong as store-bought ones but they’re definitely better for the environment and are a more eco-friendly option. “A lot of these techniques are best off being used in moderation, for example adding too much orange juice and milk could potentially do more harm to your plants than good and could result in killing them if overused.” READ MORE: Weeding tips: How to ‘eliminate’ driveway weeds ‘permanently’ for free The team at GardeningExpress.co.uk have put together a list of interesting drinks that gardeners can actually use in their garden as fertilisers and weed killers. Suggestions include interesting choices such as orange juice, milk and vodka. One of the most unlikely drinks people would think to add to a garden is Vodka. However, outdoors, vodka can be used as a pesticide and a weed killer. For those looking for a hack for indoor plants, adding a dash of vodka into the water of cut flowers kills bacteria and promotes growth. This is because it acts as an antibacterial agent. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove ‘nasty’ washing machine smells using 8p hack [TIPS]Lawn tips: ‘Most beneficial’ way to achieve a ‘thicker greener lawn’ [COMMENTS]Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [EXPERT] Another drink that can be used as a weed killer is fizzy cola. But this can also be used as compost. With leftover coke, go ahead and add it to a compost pile. Its sweetness and sugars mean that it’s a great natural booster. When using cola on places like the driveway it’s important to bear in mind that this can stick and attract bugs. As well as being good for our bodies, green tea is also good for plants. Green tea leaves enrich garden plants because they’re high in nitrogen. They’re also good for keeping pests at bay. Orange juice can actually be used as a fertiliser for plants in moderation. Juice tends to be high in acidity so adding too much orange juice to the plants over time could eventually kill them. When watering them add a couple of tablespoons of orange juice. Some plants like daffodils and roses will welcome tea leaves as a fertiliser. This won’t be as strong as using a store-bought fertiliser but it’s a good option for those who don’t have some handy in the house and it’s also a lot more eco-friendly. Milk has the same benefits for plants as it does for humans. Vitamin B and calcium promote plant growth and help plants that are at risk of calcium deficiency like tomatoes. Create a diluted solution of milk that is half water and half milk, pour it into a spray bottle and spray it over your garden. Like with orange juice, gardeners will need to do this in moderation, too much milk can harm plants. Lemonade is another fizzy drink that can help benefit plants. Adding a small amount to some water and giving it to them can increase their lifespan, this is because the acid and sugar in the drink tend to prevent bacteria.