Johnny Depp was questioned by lawyers about his abusive childhood as the Pirates of the Caribbean star took to the stand today in his defamation lawsuit against ex-wife Amber Heard. The former spouses are squaring off over a 2018 op-ed she wrote for the Washington Post calling herself a domestic violence survivor. The closely-watched civil trial, which is taking place in Virginia, is now in its second week. Speaking to the jury on Tuesday, Mr Depp said that the truth is all that matters to him now, and that Ms Heard's claims of abuse ruined long-standing relationships he had in Hollywood. Mr Depp began his testimony by saying that Ms Heard's claims are "not based in any species of the truth". His lawyer also went on to ask him to describe his childhood in Kentucky and the abuse that he suffered from his mother. READ MORE: Chrissy Teigen poses nude for steamy mirror selfie "About six years ago Miss Heard made some quite heinous and disturbing criminal acts against me that were not based in any species of truth," Depp said. "It was a complete shock that it would, it just didn't need to go in that direction as nothing of the kind had ever happened. "Through the relationship, there were arguments and things of that nature but never did I myself reach the point of striking Miss Heard in any way nor have I ever struck any woman in my life." "Truth is the only thing I'm interested in. Lies will get you nowhere, but lies build upon lies and build upon lies,' Depp said. "I'm obsessed with the truth." His lawyer went on to ask him to describe his childhood in Kentucky, and the abuse that he suffered from his mother. "I could see when she [his mother] was about to head into a situation where she was going to get riled up and someone was going to get it. And generally, it was me," he said. Ms Heard is also expected to testify later in court. Before Depp took the stand, the jury heard from the actor's friend Keenan Wyatt, a sound engineer who has worked on nearly all of his movies since the 1990s. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden flashes legs as she bounces on ball in risqué dress[LATEST]Julia Bradbury addresses 'near-miss' in cancer battle[HEALTH]Liz Hurley, 56, wows fans with jaw-dropping bikini pic[PICTURES] He testified to having never witnessed the actor verbally or physically abuse his two children or their mother. Mr Wyatt also addressed being on a flight from Boston to Los Angeles in May 2014 alongside Depp, Heard and two assistants. He described how Heard was "giving Johnny the cold shoulder, being quiet and seemed pouty". He said: "At one point I went up to her and said he cares about you and all of a sudden she snapped, 'how dare you talk to me, get away from me.' "I went back to my seat and minded my own business." "She was abruptly loud. It was a quiet plane, all of a sudden it got very loud. Johnny had said something to her like don't talk to my friend that way. I just stayed in my seat." He added he had "never seen Johnny be violent towards anybody". The trial is expected to last at least six weeks, and jurors have so far been presented with duelling accounts of Mr Depp and Ms Heard's relationship.  