Frank Lampard hopes Dele Alli’s cameo performance in Everton’s 1-1 draw with Leicester can be “a big starting point” for the midfielder. Alli came off the bench in the 58th minute and played a major role in Richarlison’s injury-time equaliser, which could prove crucial in the club’s efforts to avoid relegation from the Premier League.    Harvey Barnes gave Leicester an early lead when he turned in James Maddison’s low cross at the back post following a deflection off Kelechi Iheanacho. Richarlison missed two gilt-edged chances to level the scores before Alli helped turn the tide. Alli has had a slow start to his career at Everton after joining the club from Tottenham in a January transfer that could be worth £40million, depending on performance-related add-ons. The 26-year-old midfielder had failed to make his mark in six previous Premier League substitute appearances, but was chosen as an impact substitute by Lampard on Wednesday night. In the 92nd minute Alli knocked Timothy Castagne off a bouncing ball down by the corner flag before crossing low into the box where the ball fell at the feet of Richarlison after a touch from Salomon Rondon. Richarlison bobbled a finish into the bottom corner to move Everton four points clear of 18th-placed Burnley – and help earn Alli praise from his manager. JUST IN: Man Utd captain Harry Maguire 'shocked' after bomb threat  “We needed a goal and he has trained well,” Lampard said. “It is not easy to demand from players who are not playing so much to come in and have an impact but you have to train well to show your manager you deserve a chance and he has done that. “Clearly he has done that in training, and then you get your bit of luck or something happens for you and that happened with Dele. He deserves it. He ran into the corner, he bullies someone and gets the ball back into the box and we score off it. I was really pleased with that part of it from him and hopefully that can be a big starting point for him.”  DON'T MISS Wayne Rooney issues epic rallying cry to Derby fans at training ground Four clubs Wayne Rooney could manage in future after Derby relegation Ferguson was so classy after Berbatov damaged Man Utd quintuple hopes Alli has been limited to seven appearances off the bench since swapping Tottenham for Everton in January but Lampard insists he was not expecting an instant impact from the midfielder, who has signed a two-and-a-half-year deal. “I don't think the story was ever going to be simple with Dele,” he added. “We know the situation he came to us in terms of how the last couple of seasons have looked and the high level he reached for a big period of time at Tottenham. “Sometimes you have to work and fight through things and we are in that process with him. I have a big level of communication with him and I explain a lot to him in terms of the demands of training and application and being ready for whenever that moment comes.” 