Manchester United only have two players worth keeping beyond this season, claims Shaka Hislop. The former West Ham goalkeeper says David de Gea and Bruno Fernandes are the only two who should be definitely part of the squad next term. Erik ten Hag will take over as the permanent manager of United in the summer and Hislop has given him some advice on the squad he will be inheriting at Old Trafford. The Red Devils are fighting a losing battle to finish in the Premier League top four this season. Tuesday's 4-0 loss to Liverpool meant they have lost 9-0 across the two matches against their rivals this term, showcasing the gap between Ralf Rangnick's side and the top of the table. Ten Hag will arrive with a fine reputation from his time in charge at Ajax. However, he has not managed a club with the size and reputation of United before. Rangnick claimed after the defeat to Liverpool that United needed to make up to 10 signings. READ MORE: Rudiger 'rules out Man Utd move' with defender a 'big priority' for three clubs  Hislop says the German is correct in thinking that a turnover of more than 10 players is needed to catch the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. But he says De Gea and Fernandes are the only two of the current squad Ten Hag should definitely be keeping hold of. Hislop told ESPN FC: "He's right in that if we are going to be talking about Manchester United in the same breath with the Liverpools and Man Citys, it is going to take 10 players. But that's far easier said than done, even for a club like Manchester United. "While you need to get in 10 players, you could make a very easy argument that probably the only player on the pitch against Liverpool who should still be there is David de Gea. You could make that quite easily. "But now you have a number of players you need to get rid of. I don't see how or why they stay at United if they aren't in the reckoning. DON'T MISSAgent who helped Antonio Rudiger join Chelsea teases Man Utd transfer with cryptic post [SOCIAL]Man Utd target Antony has clear summer plan after Erik ten Hag move confirmed [TRANSFERS]Kylian Mbappe to Real Madrid on the rocks as PSG ace breaks agreement with dizzying demand [GOSSIP]  "And the truth is, I don't see who takes those players on, especially with the wages that they command. So it's a double-edged sword for Ten Hag. "How does he move players on in an effort to get players that he wants in? I'm not sure how anybody does that maths. "We could line that entire Manchester United roster up and ship out everybody bar maybe two - David de Gea and maybe Bruno Fernandes. That's the challenge for Ten Hag here."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here