Ben's (played by Simon Lennon) death had a huge impact on the village of Emmerdale last year, with Aaron Dingle (Danny Miller) leaving the ITV soap after 13 years as a result and countless other residents have been grieving the deceased's loss ever since. They were left shocked to the core when they were told Meena (Paige Sandhu) had been the one who ended his life in November as she had used a kayaking oar to murder him. Although she tried to pin the crime on Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele) her plans ultimately failed but it could have given her victim's brother a good chance at getting payback. During his time in the village, Ben only ever spoke about his father, who was abusive and struggled to accept his son was gay. There was never any mention of a brother but since Meena has been in jail, her prison officer, Ian Beaker (Dean Smith), has become enamoured by her. As well as giving her luxuries from the outside world, he has also been a support to her whilst she has been preparing for the murder trial. Earlier this week, the killer even referred to the pair as Team Meena, making him believe there could be a chance for them to become an item in the future. However, it could be as she thinks she has been manipulating him, he has been playing her the whole time and only has one goal in mind; to make sure she pays for killing Ben. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames Abi With the prison officer being so attentive toward the jailbird, viewers have taken to Twitter to express their thoughts on him being related to one of her victims. Maxine wrote: "#Emmerdale Is the prison guard Ian a friend of Ben's and he is setting Meena up? Just speculation that I’ve read on another social media site. I hope it’s right!" Cherry posted on the social media platform: "#emmerdale I bet Ian the screw is Ben's brother. Or a figment of Meena's mind! One of those." Mike commented: "I’m sorry but I’m not believing this guard Ian is as gullible as he’s coming across. Here’s my theory. "Ian could be a brother of Meena's first victim or a brother of Ben's maybe and he might kill Meena or something. Just a guess." During the murder trial, there has been no one in attendance related to Ben, nor has Ben's ex-boyfriend Aaron returned to see the killer get sent down. This could have been done on purpose as writers could have been building up to the big reveal Ian is actually Ben's brother. The thought of getting Meena on his side could have been to lure her into a false sense of security so she wouldn't see it coming if someone she trusted betrayed her. At the moment, the outcome of the villain's trial is not known but she will be leaving the show in some capacity in upcoming scenes. If it were she wasn't found guilty of murdering her countless victims, Ian could be close enough to her to get his own revenge. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Paige Sandhu teases Meena’s trial fate in tense scenes [COMMENT]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] Having been by her side throughout her stint in prison, escorting her to and from the stand, he could kill her as she finally thinks she is a free woman. As he watches the villain's life slip away, he could reveal his true identity and leave the villagers shocked by his link to Ben. Of course, this would come with a huge sacrifice as he would end up serving time behind bars for murdering his brother's killer. However, he might not care, knowing full well he and his family have finally got justice for the loved one who was cruelly snatched away from them. Although fans might have been heartbroken to see Ben leave last year, the actor who played him, Simon, didn't mind making his exit after just a year on-screen. Following his departure from the show, Simon said: "I struggled with OCD when I was younger and had therapy. I'm not great when I am in a routine and have to break out. "That's why I'm so excited about being back in that world of auditions and work­­ing out what will happen next. "The hardest part about acting is working together, making a new family and then leaving them. But it is also the start of new adventures. "And for me, going to different auditions and not knowing what is coming up next is what I love most. I have had the best time ever on Emmerdale. "I've made some truly amazing friends and I am excited to see what happens next," he added in an interview with The Mirror. Executive producer, Jane Hudson, spoke with Express.co.uk and other media last year and teased a twist like Ben's brother being involved in Meena's exit could be on the horizon. The soap boss said: "Judgement Day for Meena won't play out quite as you expect and it will have a lasting effect on quite a few of our villagers. "Whether she will get away with murder or not, you'll have to wait to find out. There are still some more twists and turns to be had and some you won't see coming. "But I think we're all agreed that Meena can do pretty much anything," she added but viewers will have to wait and find out if Ian's true identity is revealed. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.