Over the years, stories about Elvis Presley's gun-toting antics have become infamous. Perhaps the most notorious story involved the King becoming frustrated by the TV  and becoming so enraged that he absentmindedly shot a bullet through the TV's screen. The brother of Elvis' girlfriend Linda Thompson, Sam, recalled what happened on the rage-filled day. He explained the King was watching singer Robert Goulet perform on TV. Sam remembered: "[Elvis] said: ‘He’s got a lovely voice, but there’s no feeling there. It’s like, vocally, you sing an opera and you have to have feeling in your voice, like you’re talking.'" Elvis reportedly had a massive issue with Robert Goulet's performance of The Star-Spangled Banner (the USA's national anthem). And when the singer flubbed the words, Elvis yelled: "You learn the words of our national anthem, you SOB!" before firing a nearby pistol into the 25inch TV screen. Lisa Marie Presley, Elvis' daughter, remembered asking why he shot the TV. Elvis replied: "I didn't want to stand up and turn it off." Looking back on that fateful day in Graceland, Priscilla Presley - Elvis' ex-wife - confessed: "It’s funny now, but scary at first. Very scary." Priscilla has been candid in the past about Elvis' temper, and how unpredictable it was. Considering she spent the better part of 15 years, she saw every side of the King of Rock and Roll. She continued: "There was no warning. Maybe he was in a bad mood that day, or maybe he would just see someone he didn’t particularly care for so he’d just pick up the gun and... [fire]." Priscilla later explained to The Guardian how genuine her relationship was with the King. READ MORE: Elvis Presley fury left Priscilla Presley 'terrified' of her husband Priscilla said: "Elvis and I had a truly loving relationship, I have to say. I’m not going to taint it in any way." She added: "I was honest in my book [Elvis and Me] but people go further, they try and pick out things that make it bigger and complicated." Elvis' former spouse certainly was honest in her memoir. Even to the point where she recalled a violent outburst from him during an argument about his music. DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley fury left Priscilla Presley 'terrified' of her husband [NEWS]Elvis Presley used beautiful gesture to fulfil Lisa Marie's wish [INSIGHT]Elvis Presley asked Led Zeppelin star to 'swap pants' with him [INFO] Priscilla was asked by Elvis, at the time, whether she liked the sound of his new music. She explained how she preferred his earlier music, like Jailhouse Rock. Priscilla remembered saying: "Why don’t you record more songs like that? These don't seem as much like rock and roll as your earlier records." Quick as a flash, Elvis snapped at her, leaving her "holding back tears". Elvis shot Priscilla a vicious look, before screaming: "God damn it. I didn’t ask for your opinion on what style I should sing. I asked if you like the songs, that’s all. Yes or no." The King yelled: "I get enough amateur opinions as it is." Priscilla then remembered how the Blue Suede Shoes acted for the rest of the evening. She explained: "He got up and stalked into the bedroom and slammed the door. Trying to regain my composure, I fought back tears. I was embarrassed and confused. What was wrong with what I’d said?" SOURCE / SOURCE