Recipients of the benefit payment, which is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), are eligible for discounts on their broadband bills. Said discounts are known as social tariffs and are available in most of the country’s leading internet and communications providers. The deals are designed to help the UK’s most vulnerable citizens, who are on low income and claim Universal Credit. Recently, media regulator Ofcom called on broadband providers to do more to promote their social tariff offerings to their customers. The regulator confirmed that 4.2 million households across the country are eligible for support via social tariffs. However, of these households claiming Universal Credit or other means-tested benefits, only 55,000 have signed up so far. This means that millions of people in the UK could be able to receive a significant discount on their broadband. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Various consumer groups, including Which?, are calling on Britons to “shop or haggle” around the broadband marketplace to see what deals they could be eligible for. Exploring other broadband options could be beneficial to Universal Credit claimants as they may be able to claim more favourable social tariffs. Depending on the provider, different companies offer slight changes to the deals they provide benefit claimants. While the average bill is somewhere between £25 to £30 a month, social tariffs could reduce that price to around £15. DON'T MISS: In detail, Which? has broken down which broadband providers are providing the best deals for customers, and shared alternative options being offered by others. The consumer watchdog explained: “Several broadband providers, including BT, Hyperoptic, Virgin Media, and most recently Now and Sky, offer them for customers who receive certain benefits. “Vodafone has also recently expanded a social tariff plan for its Voxi mobile network to those receiving benefits, offering unlimited 5G data, calls and texts for £10 for up to six months “While it doesn't offer a social tariff, TalkTalk partners with the Department for Work and Pensions to offer six months of free fibre broadband to certain jobseekers. “However, this isn't available to all customers; eligibility is determined by Jobcentre staff so those on Universal Credit should ask their Jobcentre Plus work coach if they're eligible. “The typical standard broadband package costs £27 a month, but social tariffs are available for as little as £15 a month, meaning it’s possible to save a potential £144. “Social tariffs for fibre broadband are also available for as little as £15 a month.” Adam French, Which?’s consumer rights expert, explained why looking for the best deal is crucial for broadband customers during the current cost of living crisis. Mr French added: “Despite the cost of living crisis, many providers have not hesitated to impose above-inflation price hikes, leaving customers feeling the pressure. “But, there are steps you can take to minimise the cost of broadband and mobile bills. It’s worth shopping around or haggling for the best deal, particularly if you’re out of contract. “Which? research has found that haggling with your providers or switching deals could save you hundreds of pounds a year.”