Liverpool forward Sadio Mane could not hide his disappointment at Jurgen Klopp for being substituted during his side's Champions League clash against Villarreal on Wednesday. Mane scored the second goal for Liverpool to put them 2-0 ahead in the first leg of the semi-final. However, Klopp wanted to preserve the Senegal star for the busy schedule coming up. But when Mane's number went up on the fourth official's board in the 72nd minute, he was less than impressed. He had a few words to say to team-mate Fabinho on the way off as he slowly walked to the touchline. Mane applauded the Liverpool supporters who gave him a standing ovation. But the 30-year-old was visibly annoyed, muttering towards the bench and manager Klopp. He slapped a high five with his replacement Diogo Jota before Klopp pulled him in for a hug. READ MORE: Man Utd may be about to sign their own 'Xavi and Andres Iniesta' for Erik ten Hag  BT Sport commentator Darren Fletcher and co-commentator Owen Hargreaves noticed the incident. Fletcher said: "What I would say he wasn't happy when he came off. "You just pointed that out to me Owen Hargreaves, when he came off Sadio Mane, he wanted to stay out there. He's not happy at all." Hargreaves said Klopp was clearly attempting to calm Mane down. He added: "You can see his frustrations with [the high five with] Jota. Klopp gave him a big hug to try and calm him down. DON'T MISSMan Utd hoping for 'Bruno Fernandes style deal' to clinch £50m Darwin Nunez transfer [REPORT]Erik ten Hag ‘pushes Man Utd’ into exploring free agent transfer this summer [REPORT]Mohamed Salah leaving Liverpool could deliver huge blow to Erik ten Hag's Man Utd plans [TRANSFERS]  "Rotation has really worked for Liverpool but he wants to be out there. Such a brilliant player." Liverpool are aiming to win an unprecedented quadruple and Fletcher said that was behind the decision from Klopp. He continued: "The thing is they've got so many games, every match matters. "They can't take a game off can they? Newcastle at the weekend, they'll need to win that. They've got the second leg of this, Tottenham coming as well.  "It's the legacy of going for four trophies at this stage. Jurgen Klopp knows he needs to look after players when he gets the opportunity, certainly one as important as Sadio Mane." Liverpool had been frustrated themselves in the first half by a resolute Villarreal side. But they eventually took the lead eight minutes after half-time. Jordan Henderson's attempted cross deflected off Pervis Estupinan and Villarreal keeper Geronimo Rulli was unable to keep the effort out. Mane scored the second just two minutes later as Liverpool ran out 2-0 winners ahead of next week's second leg.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here