Erik ten Hag wanted to know about the failed stints of David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer before accepting the Manchester United job, according to reports. The 52-year-old has been chosen to lead a new era ahead of the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui. And a big challenge now awaits. It emerged on Tuesday night that United had reached a verbal agreement with Ten Hag, who is now primed to take over from Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. And the Daily Mail say that, before the 52-year-old agreed to take over, he did his research behind the scenes. It’s claimed Ten Hag was curious to know why the Red Devils had ‘spat out’ established managers in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. But, clearly, the Red Devils have alleviated any concerns with the Ajax boss now gearing up for a summer move to the Premier League. Moyes was the first manager hired by the Glazers, with the Scot taking over from Ferguson back in the summer of 2013. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz However, he was sacked after an underwhelming 10-month stint having failed to guide the club into Europe. After Moyes, United had designs on hiring Jurgen Klopp - who was working with Bundesliga giants Borussia Dortmund at the time. But when it became apparent Klopp wasn’t interested in taking over at Old Trafford, the Red Devils gave the job to Van Gaal instead. Under Van Gaal, the football was tedious at times - even though he had a distinct style of play. Yet though he won the FA Cup in 2016, he was dismissed after missing out on Champions League qualification. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Mourinho brought instant success to United, claiming the FA Cup and Carabao Cup trophies during his maiden season in charge. But that was as good as it got under the current Roma boss, who was sacked in December 2018 after losing the support of key players - including Paul Pogba. Solskjaer raised spirits and, for a time, looked like he was on course to bring the glory days back to United. He was sacked in November, though, after seeing his side toil early in the campaign - while he also failed to get the best from summer signings such as Cristiano Ronaldo, Raphael Varane and Jadon Sancho. Ten Hag has done his research on United. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But he knows this won’t be a quick fix, with the Red Devils way behind rivals Manchester City and Liverpool after years of mismanagement. Speaking recently, meanwhile, Markus Babbel gave his view to Express Sport about Ten Hag. And he said the Ajax boss will want sufficient transfer backing in order to make his mark at the club. “If Manchester United want him, they’ll get him,” he said. “He’s been in Amsterdam for years now. A fantastic club, big club, but the Dutch league isn’t the strongest in European football. “You can win the league, maybe the double, but that’s about it. “If you have the chance to join a club like Manchester United, you need to do it. But it depends on what he wants. “Of course, there are big problems at Manchester United, many players unhappy, unlikely to qualify for the Champions League so it’s not going to be easy. “Now, if he can choose four, five or six players in the next transfer window, he’ll do it. “But if not, then why would he leave his perfect life in Amsterdam?”