Harry Wild is a new mystery series that will be making its way to Acorn TV on Friday, April 1. Actress Jane Seymour is taking on the leading role of English Professor Harriet "Harry" Wild who, at the start of the series, is retiring from her beloved profession. This leaves Harry like a fish out of water as she questions what she should do with her life next. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Harry Wild.Harry is left confused about what direction she should take after retiring from a career she loved. Things become even tougher for her after being mugged and Harry reluctantly agrees to stay with her detective son Charlie (played by Kevin Ryan) while she recovers. During her stay, she finds out about the murder case he is investigating and some insight into what could have happened. Unexpectedly, she crosses paths with her mugger Fergus (Rohan Nedd) who ends up helping Harry on her quest to find out what happened. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is Harry Wild season one was shot in and around Dublin, Ireland, in mid-2021. Talking to Express.co.uk about her experience of filming the series, actress Jane Seymour told of how she got to meet various "wonderful people" when they visited a famous household. "We went to some beautiful country houses, one place was [author] Selina Guinness' home, really bizarre and eclectic and strange and really weird", Seymour said. "She always invites rock and roll people to come and live there and play music so while we were filming there, various rock groups were coming in and out. "So while I was filming, I got to meet just wonderful people in all these different places." One of the other places that Seymour and the rest of the cast and crew visited was County Kildare. It was here that the area's famous pub Brennan's Kilteel Inn was rebranded as The Hairy Goose for the TV series. This is where filming took place for Harry's retirement party at the beginning of the show. Not everywhere that Seymour visited in Ireland was as peaceful as expected though. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Emma Brooker pregnant as she exits with Jon [THEORY]Whoopi Goldberg slaps down race focus after Will Smith slap [REACTION]Piers Morgan claims Will Smith 'saved' Oscars [EXPLAINER] She explained: "At one time, we were filming where all the drug deals and gangs and really rough stuff goes. "It was only after I realised it was pretty scary, that should not be a place I should ever go to again. "Some of the crew were pointing out to me how you would know which one of these blocks of flats you'd go to for drugs." There isn't too long to wait now until the series begins on the streaming service. Harry Wild premieres on Monday, April 4, on Acorn TV, with the first two episodes released at once. From then on, one new hour-long episode will come out every Monday on the streamer. There are eight episodes in total so the finale is going to be out on  Monday, April 25. Harry Wild is available to stream exclusively on Acorn TV from 4 April.