Vanda Semyonovna Obiedkova, 91, was forced to hide from Russian invaders and died on April 4. More than 80 years ago, she had hidden in a cellar as the Nazis occupied Mariupol. As Putin desperately tries to secure Mariupol, Russian forces have relentlessly bombarded the city, and cut off essential supplies. Her daughter Larissa, who had been hiding in the basement with Ms Obiedkova, told Chabad.org: "Mama didn't deserve such a death. “There was no water, no electricity, no heat - and it was unbearably cold. “There was nothing we could do for her. We were living like animals." Ms Obiedkova’s story comes as Putin appeared on Russian state television to announce that Russia had taken control of Mariupol. This has already been dismissed as Kremlin propaganda, with BBC’s Moscow correspondent Jenny Hill stating that nothing has changed in Mariupol to prompt this announcement. Fighters remain in the Azovstal steelworks in the city - but Putin has publicly told his men to surround the area so that “not even a fly can escape”. Larissa said that any time spent outside the cellar where she was hiding was risky, as two snipers were installed near the closest water sources, while the bombardment never relented. She said: “Every time a bomb fell, the entire building shook. My mother kept saying she didn't remember anything like this during the Great Patriotic War [World War Two].” Ms Obsiedkova was born in 1930. She was just ten when Nazi occupiers arrived in Mariupol and rounded up the Jewish population in 1941. Soldiers marched thousands, including Ms Obsiedkova’s mother, to a ditch where they were executed in a mass grave. She survived the occupation by staying in a hospital which her non-Jewish father had been able to check her into. She is the second known Ukrainian Holocaust survivor to have died since Putin began his tyrannical invasion. READ MORE: Putin's mouthpiece now claims British Nazis are fighting in Ukraine [REVEAL] A 96-year-old concentration camp survivor died in March from Russian shelling. Mariupol’s rabbi Mendel Cohen paid his respects to Ms Obsiedkova, saying she “lived through unimaginable horrors” and “was a kind, joyous woman, a special person who will forever remain in our hearts.” Larissa and her other family members are now reportedly in a safe location. Mariupol is regarded as a very strategically important target for Putin. DON'T MISS: Hillary Clinton urges judge to dismiss Trump's 2016 election lawsuit [INSIGHT]EU plot to pull rug from under Le Pen set to ‘backfire’ [REVEAL]'Wheels in motion' Rees-Mogg issues Brexit ultimatum [ANAYLSIS]  Capturing it would enable him to replenish his forces overseas, helping solve Russia’s supply line problem which has been bogging down the assault. It would also connect Crimea with the Donbas region, solidifying the tyrant’s power in the east of Ukraine. Mariupol’s mayor has reported that 100,000 people are still trapped in the city. Ukrainian defenders remain camped out in the massive Azovstal steel complex. They've vowed to fight to the end. 