The bank’s latest current account offer allows switchers to the Virgin Money M Plus Account and Virgin Money Club M Account to get 20,000 Virgin Points to spend through Virgin Red. On top of this, new customers who switch to these accounts will also receive a 2.02 percent AER on balances up to £1,000. Switchers will get a one percent AER variable interest rate on their linked savings account on balances up to £25,000 and 0.50 percent AER variable on balances over £25,000. Customers who switch to the Virgin Money M Plus Account are set to benefit as the account is rated ‘Outstanding’ by Moneyfacts. On top of this, the M Plus and Club M accounts include a “travel-savvy” debit card for those looking to go abroad this summer. This card includes no overseas spending or withdrawal fees, full digital servicing, mobile cheque deposits, and a linked savings account with one AER variable on balances up to £25,000. Other features included with the card are savings pots, budgeting tools and transaction tagging as well as spending and balance alerts. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Those who have a Virgin Money Current Account are also able to get cashback on debit card spending on purchases from select retailers. Among the shops that are participating in this offer are River Island, Anthropologie, L’Occitane, WHSmith, Q-Park and LNER. As well as this, all customers can transfer cashback to their Virgin Money current account for e-Gift cards for certain retailers. For this deal, these retailers include John Lewis, Cineworld and Marks & Spencer. DON'T MISS: Hugh Chater, the chief commercial officer at Virgin Money, outlined the various offers being introduced by the bank. Mr Chater said: “We’re really excited to be partnering with Virgin Red on our newest switching offer. “With a 20,000 Virgin Points bonus, as well as a great one percent interest rate on the linked savings account, there really is something for everyone. “The only real challenge new customers will have is deciding how to spend their 20,000 Virgin Points. “To top it off, all Virgin Money customers can also sign up to our Virgin Money Cashback programme to start earning cashback on everyday spending on their Virgin Money debit card.” As part of Virgin’s wider rewards club, Virgin Red gives customers points if they continue to spend everyday. Said points can be used to win various rewards which can include prizes or unique experiences. Andrea Burchett, the International and Strategic development director at Virgin Red, shared how savers can take advantage of the points system. Ms Burchett explained: “We are delighted to partner with Virgin Money to offer members the opportunity to earn an incredible 20,000 Virgin Points when switching their current account. “With more than 200 rewards, members won’t be short of options to spend their points on. “Whether it’s the smaller things that make the everyday better like a sausage roll, hot drink or cinema ticket or a bigger experience like enjoying a concert from the Virgin Red Room or a trip to Barbados – the possibilities are endless.”