The supermarket is set to stop distributing the automatic paper statements and vouchers via post to certain customers. Tesco has written to selected customers recently, informing them that they'll instead get their statement by email. While email may be a more sustainable way, the customers can still get a paper statement if they prefer. Not all customers will be affected. It's believed customers who regularly shop online may see this change. For those who do receive the email, it's possible to opt back in via the MyClubcard account online. It's understood that these people should click on "statement preferences" online and changing it back to "by post" by May 5. READ MORE: State pension triple lock could be ‘replaced’ in future - ‘not much of a surprise!’ Doing it after this date means they would get their May statement and vouchers by email, but then get the August statement and vouchers by post. The loyalty card lets members collect points on food, fuel, fashion, and more, when they spend in-store and online. Clubcard holders get one point for every £1 spent in-store and online. For fuel, it's £1 for every £2 spent. Points add up to vouchers, with 150 points earning a £1.50 voucher. The vouchers can be used to save in-store and online, as well as on fuel at Tesco filling stations and Esso sites with a Tesco Express. It's also possible to boost these vouchers, via Reward Partners. This option lets people exchange their vouchers to use on things such as days out and eating out, and members can get up to three times the value of their vouchers via this route. Clubcard holders now also get access to exclusive deals, known as Clubcard Prices, on certain products at Tesco. Earlier this year, Tesco Bank launched a new way all 20 million Clubcard customers could pay. The bank said Tesco Clubcard Pay+ enables people to save and pickup Clubcard points pretty much every time they spend. It became available online, and all shoppers could apply. Gerry Mallon, Chief Executive, Tesco Bank, said it was a "smarter way" for Clubcard members to shop. He added: "Tesco Clubcard Pay+ is a clear demonstration of Tesco Bank’s strategy to focus on products which closely align to the needs of Tesco shoppers.  "We’re very encouraged to see Tesco Clubcard Pay+ help give shoppers the confidence to start saving while managing their budget and picking up extra Clubcard Points wherever they shop.” Alessandra Bellini, Chief Customer Officer, Tesco, said: “Tesco Clubcard Pay+ combines a new method of payment with all the value of Clubcard membership and a range of additional features. "It enables households across the UK to feel more in control of their finances and their grocery budget. "It also gives families and shoppers the power to make their money go further through Clubcard points and saving while they shop.”