Dylan (played by William Beck) announced a couple of months ago Casualty newcomer, Paige Allcott (Shalisha James-Davis), was going to be taking a prolonged period of absence from her job. The character had only been a part of the drama on the BBC television show for less than two months when she suddenly disappeared and viewers haven't been told much about where she has been. As Saturday night's episode begins, it seems some questions will be answered as she makes her way back to the Emergency Department but her absence could have something to do with her boss. The drama begins almost two months after Paige left, with the junior doctor thrown straight back into a case involving her colleague, Marty Kirkby (Shaheen Jafargholi). It seems the newcomer will want to get back into the thick of the action, rather than focus on why she hasn't been at work. Having been her mentor before she went missing, Stevie Nash (Elinor Lawless), will want some answers despite having her own troubles to deal with. As she is busy with a disciplinary hearing, she won't have time to stick around and wait for Paige to finally tell her the truth. Someone who could know exactly why the medical professional hasn't been at work could be Dylan as he could have been the cause of her absence. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Vanessa Woodfield heartbroken over Suzy's secret It was hinted when she first joined the Emergency Department there was fiery chemistry between Paige and her boss, Dylan. Although nothing has ever been confirmed on-screen, away from the drama, they could have been enjoying a passionate affair. Given their very different roles at the hospital, they could have agreed to keep their dalliance under wraps as Dylan didn't want to be seen as abusing his position of power. What neither of them could have been expecting was for Paige to have fallen pregnant with the beloved character's baby. Not wanting to raise the baby on her own, which she knew she would have done as Dylan didn't see their affair as serious, she could have gone through with a termination. Needing some time to process her grief of losing her baby and not wanting to be near Dylan, she could have forced him to let her have some time off. This is how he would have known about why she was missing and why he would have been so secretive about it when he was grilled by Stevie back at the end of February. However, now she is back in the hospital, Paige could have to adjust to seeing the father of her child every day but she could also be hiding some information from him. Although she wanted the termination, when she got to the clinic, she could have decided at the last minute to keep the baby. So there is a chance she could be returning to the show with a baby on board and she could tell her colleagues she was taking some time out due to having really bad sickness during the early stages of her pregnancy. DON'T MISS...Casualty legend Amanda Mealing on 'chaotic' Coronation Street job [COMMENT]Holby City legend Amanda Mealing speaks out about show's axe [INTERVIEW]Casualty's Amanda Mealing blames Queen for Coronation Street chaos [COMMENT] Now she has got it under control, she could tell her colleagues she has been given the all-clear to return to work and continue with her responsibilities. Dylan would be shocked to see the junior doctor nursing a baby bump and he would try to steal some time with her to get an explanation. Every time he tries to talk to Paige, the pair could be called off to do other things, meaning the conversation is pushed right to the end of the day. Speaking candidly about her feelings, Paige could explain she wants nothing more to do with Dylan and her child will not have a father. But will the current boss of the Emergency Department listen to what the junior doctor is saying or will he try to play a part in the child's life? It could be once the baby is born, the rest of the team discovers Dylan is the father of Paige's baby following a brief affair between the two. With the secret common knowledge, Paige could find it harder to stop the child from having contact with Dylan, which is what she wanted. The fact they work together would also make the situation more difficult, so will she admit defeat and let her one-time lover be a father to their child? Speaking about her character in a little more detail, the actress who plays Paige, Salisha, has addressed how her alter-ego could get into some trouble. "She's really cool and I think she exudes positive energy and a [real] love for life that can sometimes cloud a lot of reality." "And I think that's where it can get a little bit sticky for Paige but I love her and I think she's great," the soap star said. Could this clouding of reality have come when she decided to have a passionate affair with Dylan? Paige spoke more about her character, stating: "My first impressions of Paige, I was a bit like, 'Wow, she's a doctor and she's acting this wild. She's not serious.' "But she does have such a big heart and I think that's important as a doctor. "I think with her mentor, there's a difference between being like someone who is sucking up and someone that has such a drive to be really good and just do everything properly and to the best that she can." Casualty continues tonight at 8:35pm on BBC One.