Paulo Dybala's contract with Italian giants Juventus is up in the summer, alerting various European clubs to his availability ahead of the new season. And after Arsenal and Tottenham were linked earlier this year, reports now claim that Dybala will discuss a move to the north London duo after his agent sounded out the available options he has upon the end of his current deal.  With the Argentine failing to agree new terms with the Bianconeri last month, it was widely reported that he would be looking to move on at the end of the season. Dybala, 28, is one of Juventus' most reputable players, and has scored 80 goals in 204 league games for the Turin-based outfit. But goals have dried up in the last couple of seasons, and Juve's inability to meet his wage demands have seen the former Palermo star looking for a new club. Spurs and Arsenal were linked with his services at the turn of the year, although it was then unclear as to whether a move would come to fruition. However, a report by Corriere dello Sport claims that his agent has sounded out potential destinations for his client - with both clubs 'being spoken to' about a move. The report states that it is no secret that Arsenal and Tottenham are interested in securing Dybala's services. READ MORE: Man Utd target Milinkovic-Savic 'destined to leave' Lazio this summer The rivals are both in need of striking options this summer, with Arsenal aiming to replace Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette whilst Tottenham require backup to Harry Kane. Dybala can fulfil those with ease, making him an attractive option due to his contractual status leaving clubs not needing to pay a transfer fee. But his agent has also touted him to other teams on the continent, with an 'extensive tour' of Europe being conducted to find other clubs that are interested. He will reportedly take stock with Dybala on who is vying for his signature, and make a considered approach as to where the Argentine's next move should be. Their chances will likely rest on whether they qualify for the Champions League or not, with the duo battling it out for fourth place in the Premier League. Spurs will have a clear advantage if they are the ones to finish in the Champions League qualification spots, given that director Fabio Paratici signed Dybala for Juventus from Palermo.  However, with Atletico Madrid also interested in securing his services ahead of the new campaign, a deal to take Dybala to north London may not be a given just yet. Tottenham currently sit on 57 points in the Premier League, three ahead of Arsenal albeit having played a game more.