Chris Rock, 57, is said to have stopped police officers who were “prepared” to arrest Will Smith, 53, after the infamous slap incident at the 94th Academy Awards. The comedian had angered the Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air actor after making a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith, who has alopecia. The jibe referenced Jada’s buzzcut, and saw the actress roll her eyes before Will stormed the stage to hit Chris. In a preview clip for his forthcoming interview with Good Morning America, Oscars producer Will Packer recounted what allegedly happened immediately after the standoff. He claimed police were ready to arrest Will after he returned to his seat in the audience. However, the awards show's producer added that Chris was “dismissive” towards the officers and declined to press charges. He said: “They were laying out the options, and as they were talking, Chris was being very dismissive of those options. “He was like, ‘No, I'm fine.’ He was like, ‘No, no, no.’” Following the event on Sunday, a police spokesperson said: "The individual involved has declined to file a police report. "If the involved party desires a police report at a later date, LAPD will be available to complete an investigative report." Express.co.uk has approached representatives for Chris Rock for comment. On Monday, Will issued a statement on Instagram describing his actions as “unacceptable and inexcusable” as he expressed his regret. In view of his 62 million followers, he wrote: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. “My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. DON'T MISS...Gemma Atkinson apologises for her 'radio silence' on Instagram [INSTAGRAM]Demi Moore stuns in 90s pics that inspired Chris Rock's GI Jane jibe [PICTURES]Bruce Willis' snarky 'worst performance' award rescinded by Razzies [INSIGHT] “Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally.” In the lengthy post, Will also apologised directly to Chris and admitted he was “embarrassed” over the way he acted. Will continued: “I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong." ”I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. “There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness. “I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world." The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has since addressed Will Smith’s behaviour at Sunday night’s Oscars ceremony. In an official statement, the Academy said it “condemns the actions of Mr Smith at last night’s show”. “We have officially started a formal review around the incident and will explore further action and consequences in accordance with our Bylaws, Standards of Conduct and California law,” the statement added.