Paris Fury has outlined what it would take for husband Tyson to step into the boxing ring again. The 33-year-old produced one of the finest knockouts of his career to defeat Dillian Whyte and retain his world heavyweight title.  He reiterated that his performance in front of a record 94,000 people at Wembley Stadium would be his last, and is keen to spend more time with his family. Paris, however, was ringside to watch his epic win and post match she explained her thoughts on her husband possibly fighting for the last time, highlighting the only thing that would see him don the gloves again. “I would like him to come home now, he has nothing more to prove,” she told BT Sport Box Office. “If he had anything left to do I would say ‘yeah Tyson you do it’, he has nothing to prove, unless he really wants to box on. “If he’s just doing it for money or fame, he doesn’t need that. We’re very blessed and lucky to not need any more money, I’m happy with what we are and what we’ve got. I know in my heart I think the only reason that Tyson would come back is for a unification fight." JUST IN: Tyson Fury hailed as world's best by Lennox Lewis ahead of potential Anthony Joshua finale   Ukriane's Oleksandr Usyk holds the other heavyweight titles after he defeated Anthony Joshua for them last year, with the duo slated to contest a rematch in July. During the fourth round in Saturday's bout, the fight threatened to descend into chaos. The pair exchanged words in the ring after Fury was angered by Whyte during a clash of heads. After they were separated, the Body Snatcher landed a punch that left his opponent bad-tempered. Boos rang around the stadium as referee Mark Lyson spoke at length with the two boxers in an attempt to stop the fight becoming a mess. Fury re-focused and waited for the perfect opportunity to strike. He did just that and Whyte, who has been stung with vicious uppercuts in the past, caught a stiff one from Fury and was sent tumbling to the mat. He stumbled back to his feet but was unable to stay upright and the official had no choice but to call an end to proceedings. Fury has also expressed his desire to return to the WWE, with a potential match with two-time WWE champion Drew McIntyre on the cards. DON'T MISS The Gypsy King threw his hat in the ring for a possible appearance at WWE’s first UK stadium show in 30 years this September at Cardiff’s Principality Stadium, and SummerSlam in August. “Don't rule me out of fighting there. You might see me at SummerSlam, I’ve got to speak to Vince and the boys, maybe make this happen,” Fury said. “I know Drew McIntyre’s been saying a lot of things about me, I have to knock him out. I’d love to be at Cardiff, I’d love to be back on centre stage in the UK, especially for the wrestling. “I enjoyed it last time in Saudi Arabia, it was fantastic, to come here and do it would be phenomenal. We’re going to make contact and see if we can make that SummerSlam thing a reality.” 