The only realistic conclusion to be drawn from them is that generally the problems confronting governments have got worse. Mrs Thatcher’s pestilence was the trade unions. She came to office after a decade when 128m working days were lost through around 25,000 recorded strikes. No sooner had Boris been confirmed In office two years ago than he was hit by the worst pandemic since 1918. It has been far more lethal than might have resulted from the pile up of rubbish and the unburied dead in the Winter of Discontent of 1979. But the behaviour of some unions during the pandemic - notably teachers, doctors and Tube drivers - are a warning that their war against society is not over. Mrs Thatcher was plunged into war with the Argentine exactly 40 years ago with the unions still damaging an economy in a parlous state. We were “the sick man of Europe”. Now Boris is landed effectively with the leadership of the West in the battle to save the Ukraine from Vladimir Putin’s brutal dictatorship and an economy severely weakened and constrained by the £400bn cost of the pandemic. All the signs are that Boris is winning the hostilities just like Mrs Thatcher’s whose rocky tenure of No 10 up to the Falklands campaign turned into a memorable 11-year stint.It took her more than six years to win the economic battle and transform Britain’s fortunes. Boris will do well to beat that, even though, leave aside a budget deficit of £300bn, he is otherwise more comfortably placed. In 1980, inflation reached 18 percent, with a bank rate of 14 percent and unemployment eventually topped 3m. So far under Boris inflation is a third of that in 1980 and the bank rate now still under one percent. And unemployment is certainly under control.  But the battle is only just starting and I am somewhat alarmed to hear that Chancellor Rishi Sunak has a portrait of Nigel Lawson, Mrs Thatcher’s Chancellor, on his desk. Lawson may have been a tax cutter but he damaged the economy by shadowing the D-Mark behind Mrs Thatcher’s back with the result that inflation in 1990 had soared to 9.5 percent and bank rate to 13.8 percent. Lawson created the conditions for the Europhiles and Wets to ditch Mrs Thatcher. If I were Boris, I would keep a close eye on Mr Sunak, always assuming he can contain his own urge to spend taxpayers’ money. Already he is pushing for thousands more subsidised and unreliable wind farms as well as seven more expensive and unproven nuclear power stations like the one being built at Hinkley Point in Somerset. His so-called environmentalism could be his undoing.  Meanwhile other problems never seem to go away. The NHS was a headache in the 1980s because of the costly demands of an ageing population and exponential development of medical treatments. It is now in crisis after the pandemic with millions waiting for delayed treatment, difficulties in getting face-to-face consultations with GPs, failing management and the unsolved problem of effective social care. The challenge to Boris is to reform it root and branch after the failure of his predecessors to give us a reliable health service. In the 1980s Mrs Thatcher worried about the state of education following the comprehensive experiment. She might be at her wits end now with all the damage done to schooling by the pandemic and the pathetic condition of that parasitic bastion of wokery called academia. At the same time law and order is in disarray, with urban knife crime, fraud and the corruption of the young through drugs, aided and abetted by an amoral anti-social media unheard of in Mrs Thatcher’s day.  As if this were not enough the Civil Service is not giving us value for money or a swift resettlement service for Ukrainian refugees. And arrogant private firms, who protest they value our custom, are withdrawing High Street services at a rate of knots. The concept of public service seems to be on its last legs. On this evidence things have gone from problematical to crisis in 40 years, even though most problems had by then been identified. If Boris can sort this lot out he will enter the hallowed ranks of national heroes led by Winston Churchill and Margaret Thatcher. His overall handling of the pandemic and the invasion of the Ukraine at least offer some hope for a tough future. 