Hollywood actress Sandra Bullock has told how she isn't sure she'd be comfortable watching her co-star Channng Tatum bare all in his raunchy production of Magic Mike. Appearing on ITV's Lorraine today, The Lost City star, 57, spoke candidly about watching her friend and colleague take off his clothes as a male stripper in the hit movies, just days after Channing gazed adoringly at the Bird Box actress during the London premiere of their new film. Speaking to guest presenter Christine Lampard, the star told how she had previously watched Channing perform as a male stripper in the Magic Mike films. However, she admitted that since becoming close friends, she didn't know if she'd be comfortable with it now. Speaking about the Magic Mike films, Sandra said: "You know what, I loved it. "I loved it a lot! READ MORE: Kaleb Cooper breaks silence on being branded a 'sell-out' "And I loved the second one a lot," she gushed. However, the star went on: "And now that I know him, I don't know if I'll be comfortable watching it. "It's gonna be weird, because you were someone else," (sic) she said to her co-star. Channing then cheekily suggested she should watch the Magic Mike live show, but Sandra was quick to shoot down the suggestion, saying she wouldn't be able to if he was in it. Sandra said: "I want to come to the show, but you just can't be dancing in it." However, her co-star reassured her that he'd be by her side instead of on-stage. Channing replied: "I'm not going to dance in the show. "I'll sit next to you during the show," he reassured his friend. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen supported by Matt Baker over 'hard work' update from farm [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan 'struggling' on how Boris Johnson can survive after fine [ANALYSIS]Carol Kirkwood scolds Dan Walker for hinting she may take his BBC role [UPDATE] Their appearance on Lorriane comes after they took to the red carpet at the London premiere of their movie, The Lost City earlier this month.The duo looked sensational as they posed side by side for snaps while Channing looked adoringly at his co-star.The glitzy event took place in the capital’s Leicester Square, with both Sandra and Channing showing off their glamorous outfits.Channing, who was wearing an all-black suit and turtleneck combination, could be seen posing with his hand around Sandra’s waist. The actress opted for a chic trouser suit with a statement pink, red and purple cape wrapped around her waist. She finished off the look with some patent black stilettos that enhanced her svelte legs. The Ocean’s 8 star styled her long, naturally curly hair in a middle parting that framed her features. She opted for her staple smokey eye and a nude lip, complemented with a touch of blush.