The World Health Organisation (WHO) has issued a warning against a new mutant "XE" variant of Omicron, which researchers warn may be more transmissible than any strain of Covid seen before. The strain was first detected in the UK in mid January, and since then more than 600 cases have been detected across the country.  This new variant is a recombinant strain, meaning it's a mutant hybrid of the two previous versions Omicron variant, BA.1 and BA.2, which spread across the world when it first became a variant of concern. A report released by the WHO says: "Early-day estimates indicate a community growth rate advantage of 10 percent as compared to BA.2, however, this finding requires further confirmation." While XE only accounts for a small fraction of the cases, its extremely high transmissibility could mean that it becomes the most dominant strain in the near future. Meanwhile, China has decided to tackle the recent COVID-19 outbreak in a unique way- using traditional herbal medicines.  Health officials in Shanghai, one of China’s largest cities, is handing out millions of boxes of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) in an effort to combat the spread of the virus. The officials believe that the medicines, which include herbal products and flu capsules, can treat COVID-19 as the virus plunges the major city into an extended lockdown. Yesterday, China’s commercial capital reported more than 17,000 new COVID-19 infections, including 311 symptomatic cases, among a population of more than 26 million. Fang Min, president of the city's Shuguang Hospital said: "Facing the extremely transmissible Omicron variant, we should use TCM treatment as soon as possible. READ MORE: New mutant 'XE' Omicron variant could be most transmissible yet "For the general public, including high-risk groups, taking TCM treatment when the epidemic is severe has good preventive effect." Mr Fang noted that more than 21 million people had been given these medicines. Several residents of the city have reported receiving free boxes of Lianhua Qingwen, an over the counter flu medicine in the past few weeks, according to Reuters. Others who tested positive for the virus were given TCM medicines that had to be dissolved in hot water. READ MORE: Australian mystery after bloated 'alien' creature washes ashore [REVEAL] 'What a legacy for Merkel' Germany humiliated as Russia sanctions fail [INSIGHT] The deadly weapons UK could send to Ukraine to end Putin's invasion [SPOTLIGHT]