The Russian TV host openly discussed Ukrainian soldiers being trapped in a basement and Russian soldiers cementing shut all of the exits. The war in Russia has been raging for over two months, and there has been no peace agreement signed, despite talks. The Russian host discussed holding Ukrainian servicemen in cages and spitting on them as punishment. He referred to them as "criminals" and "animals" during his speech outlining the horrific conduct he would support Russian troops to adopt. The Russian state TV host said: "They are sitting in the basement, we should cement all exits shut. "Leave only one of them open, just in case there are civilians held in there. we could spit on all the rest. "I don't share humanitarian ideas or great ideas about putting them in cages. Show them off at the market for three Rubles. The Russian TV host added: "These are criminals, these are animals. JUST IN: Boris urged to overrule Northern Ireland protocol with new law - Brexit POLL "After what we've seen there can't be any humanism towards them. "We'll be showing them for free, not three Rubles. Let anybody do whatever they want to them, we're trying to be liked by people over there. The Russian pundit added: "We want people abroad to like us, in the West, in the US, in Europe, no one there will like us for a long time. "We already tried and failed, so we can relax now, these are criminals. "Blood of our citizens in on their hands, they should get what they deserve. The best way to dispose of scum no matter how they present the situation."  READ MORE: Druzhba explosion: Russian oil depot engulfed in flames following 'multiple explosions'     The Russian State TV host appeared positive about a victory, although it has been reported that Russia has lost 21,900 troops since the beginning of the war in February. The Kremlin also admitted that Russia has lost nearly 200 planes, over 100 helicopters, nearly 1,000 tanks, and 1,566 vehicles. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Government advisor Sulushash Magzieva explained: “The pictures speak for themselves as well as the numbers (of destroyed equipment and dead Russian soldiers). “The marauding of Russian soldiers was disgusting to see. How is an army of such low ethics going to win? “If the fighting gets tough then they might doubt if they are ready to risk their lives for getting more stuff. There is no motivation besides material or financial ones. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has vowed to fight on, despite the ongoing Russian onslaught. Mr Zelensky has asked Western countries for more help and access to military weapons systems in order to hold off the enemy. The US and Uk have vowed to send more heavy artillery to Ukraine. 