Newcastle are reportedly eyeing up Watford winger Ismaila Sarr as part of a lucrative double summer transfer coup. Brighton stopper Robert Sanchez is also believed to be in the crosshairs as the Magpies pin down two key targets who could set them back in the region of £55million. Newcastle showed that they mean business in the transfer market by throwing £90m at five January arrivals. The Toon are now striving towards Premier League safety which, if they pull it off, will likely mean more star-studded names at St James' Park this summer. Manager Eddie Howe already has one blockbuster winger in Allan Saint-Maximin, but a vacancy remains on the opposite flank. The Sun claim that Sarr could be the man to fill it as Newcastle have already made him a 'target'. Watford face an uphill battle to avoid relegation and even if they stay up Sarr, who has arguably been their most talented player since he joined in 2019, could be tempted by a new challenge. The Hornets paid £30m for his services so the price-tag is touted at £35m. JUST IN: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds Sarr ripped up the Championship last year with 13 goals and four assists. Some were surprised to see him follow Watford down having impressed during his debut Premier League campaign, and he has done the same again on his return to the top-flight with five goals in 17 outings. Howe is also believed to be eyeing up Brighton goalkeeper Sanchez as his new number one. A £20m offer is supposedly in the pipeline for the Spaniard who rose through the Seagulls' various youth ranks. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'did not have high expectations' before Brentford lossGary Lineker pays tribute to Christian Eriksen after Brentford star scores against ChelseaLiverpool hero Jamie Carragher picks out two stars after win over Watford Still just 24-years-old, Sanchez is already a full Spanish international and, given his age, he could be the man between the sticks for the long haul as Howe weighs up whether to replace current first choice Martin Dubravka. In January the Magpies only had one month to tap into their vast riches, but with their Premier League status almost in the bag and a lengthy summer window on the horizon fans could be treated to even more radical transformation this summer. Fabian Schar, Sean Longstaff and Paul Dummett are all set to be out of contract and could flee Tyneside on free transfers. The potential arrivals of Sarr and Sanchez could merely be the latest instalments in Newcastle's ascent of the pecking order, as co-owner Amanda Staveley made her ambitions clear after the club was taken over last year. "Newcastle United deserves to be top of the Premier League," she told Sky Sports, "We want to get there. It will take time, but we will get there. Premier League football is the best in the world, and Newcastle United is the best team in the world."