Keir Starmer was questioned over whether fines his wife receives should be made public if Carrie Johnson's is. Sky News presenter Niall Paterson asked: "Carrie Johnson, as you have suggested, should be named if she is fined over partygate. If that's the case, should we then expect to hear the next time your wife gets a parking ticket?" Speaking to the Sky News Breakfast show, Sir Keir said: "There is a huge difference between the situation of the wife of the Prime Minister breaking the rules made by the Prime Minister and any other situation. "I'm not focusing on Carrie here. I actually do agree with the general argument that families of politicians shouldn't be dragged in. "Therefore I focus on the Prime Minister." Mr Paterson interjected: "What about Rishi Sunak's wife, Sir Keir?" READ MORE: Audience erupts as Boris Johnson ridiculed over partygate The Labour leader continued: "With Rishi Sunak's wife I do agree with the general proposition. "Family members shouldn't be brought into political arguments but so far as the Chancellor's wife is concerned, it's just a fundamental question on principle here. "Is their household benefiting from money made in Russia when the Government has put in place sanctions? "That is in the public interest for us to have an answer to. "I'm not attacking their family, I don't agree with that way of doing politics." The Prime Minister's "position" in the so-called partygate investigation prevents him from commenting on whether coronavirus laws were broken in Whitehall, Downing Street has said. Two Cabinet ministers have now said the fact the Metropolitan Police have issued fixed penalty notices (FPNs) in the probe indicated laws had been broken. But Boris Johnson has so far dodged the question, refusing to be drawn into the discussion until the investigation has finished. The Prime Minister's official spokesman said on Thursday that "the facts are not in dispute" after International Trade Secretary Anne Marie Trevelyan agreed with Justice Secretary Dominic Raab that rules had been breached. DON'T MISS GB News: Angela Rayner put on spot amid ‘partygate’ claims [INSIGHT]Boris must listen to voters and win war on inflation, says TIM NEWARK [COMMENT]BBC Breakfast viewers blast 'rattled' Dominic Raab over MP fines probe [VIDEO] But "given the Prime Minister's position, it is right that we do not comment in the middle of an investigation, we comment at the end of it", he said. Asked what he meant by the PM's position, he added: "Clearly this is something that's been centred on both No 10 and the Cabinet Office in the main - and we've confirmed that the Prime Minister has received a questionnaire - but I think it was simply the Prime Minister's view that while there is an ongoing live investigation, it wouldn't be right for him to give his response at that point." The Metropolitan Police refused to say on Thursday whether the fixed penalty notices, which were referred to the ACRO Criminal Records Office to be doled out, had formally been issued. However, it is not believed the Prime Minister is among those to receive a fine.