The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, which are running from April 16 to 22. This will be the first Invictus Games since they were forced to take a two-year hiatus due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  The pair arrived with a Netflix film crew in tow, as they are filming a documentary entitled ‘Heart of Invictus’, the first series to be co-produced by Netflix alongside their production company Archewell Productions. Royal editor Omid Scobie shared the picture on his Twitter page with the caption: “The @WhiteHouse and @WeAreInvictus have shared photos of the Sussexes with the US presidential delegation (including @PeteButtigieg and @SenDuckworth) here at @InvictusGamesNL. “They were taken at a welcome event for #TeamUS and #TeamUkraine hosted at The Hague's US Embassy today.” Fans of the Duchess gushed over the photo, with Meghan pictured wearing a Valentino white suit and matching Aquazzura heels  Twitter user @wakaywa wrote: “She certainly is beautiful. To see her with a genuine smile, is a testament that moving back home agrees with her. “No more fake smiles and waves. And the other cool thing, she can wear what she chooses, without having to get approval.” Another user @busty01 tweeted: “What a great photo, and great support by US for their veterans and Ukrainians.  READ MORE: Meghan & Harry with first European appearance in TWO years “They all look great, Meghan is glowing. Great work they’re doing together for the veterans.” Twitter user @dazzlegal wrote: “This is POWERFUL. Thank you to everyone in this photo who came to The Hague to support our wonderful veterans in the US & around the world. “And thank you to all the organisers & volunteers for all of your hard work. And Thank you Prince Harry IG's Founder. #InvictusGames.”  DON'T MISS:Russia may be in ‘default’ after paying foreign bonds in roubles [RUSSIA LATEST]M60 closed clockwise between J20 and J21 [BREAKING]Wayne Sleep discusses his friendship with Princess Diana [SPOTLIGHT] Upon arriving in the Netherlands, Meghan and Harry attended a reception with athletes from Team USA and Team Ukraine, reported Vanity Fair. The pair have made a number of donations to nonprofits in Ukraine since the start of the conflict with Russia, including to World Central Kitchen, founded by chef José Andrés. The chef told People magazine: “It is a blessing. I have been able to spend time with them, working with them and they are very hands-on and highly knowledgeable of what's happening in the world, what the issues are, and what the needs are.” 