Following a quick visit to the UK last week, Queen Letizia stepped out in Spain to attend an event for the Princess of Girona Foundation Awards today. For the occasion, the 49-year-old royal chose a grey checked skirt and white blouse, looking as chic as ever. The Spanish monarch opted to re-wear a skirt already in her wardrobe. The grey checked midi skirt is by designer Massimo Dutti, and is made of wool. The shape of the skirt is quite unusual as it is has a pointed hem. Queen Letizia is a huge fan of pencil skirts, A-line skirts, and gathered. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'excited by his keen reception' in latest video But this skirt is a particular favourite for the royal, who first wore it back in 2019 when visiting Madrid for the 39th edition of the International Tourism Trade Fair. Since then, she has worn it several times a year. Today, she paired the skirt with a white silk blouse that had puff sleeves and a pussy bow at the collar. The royal is known for being a style icon and chose to add a pop of colour to her outfit with accessories. DON'T MISS...Gregg Wallace weight loss: MasterChef judge lost 4st ‘without dieting’ [PICTURES]Princess Eugenie’s engagement ring is ‘remarkably similar’ to mother's [EXPERT]Boots announces change to Advantage Card holders' discounts [NEWS] Queen Letizia chose suede tan heels and a matching leather bag. The bag is by Carolina Herrera and is named the Doma Insignia Satchel. It can be worn as a shoulder bag, cross-body or held in one hand. The website explains more details: “Doma Insignia Satchel bag is handcrafted in Mocan leather, with a subtle and regular grain. “It is detailed with the raised Insignia Seal on its flap, replicating House of Herrera's 35th anniversary bracelet and initials. Featuring a matching handle and a strap, it can be carried by hand or worn or over the shoulder.” Queen Letizia chose brown but there are 10 other colours available. The bag is currently on sale for £1,310 direct from the Carolina Herrera website. As for Queen Letizia’s hair and makeup, her hair was styled in curls, and her makeup was minimal as she wore a face mask. One fan commented: “She looks so elegant and I love the hair today.” “Very chic! Love it. Her hair is very well cared for today,” another added. Someone else said: “I don’t like the skirt. The shoes and bag are best.” Another fan  agreed: “I never liked the skirt, it’s out of fashion. I love the blouse with the lacing, elegant and stylish touch. Apart from the skirt, I really like the rest.”