The couple have surprised fans with their absence at a number of star-studded events in recent months, ranging from the Oscars award ceremony to the Met gala. The Duke and Duchess were also nowhere to be seen at the star-studded wedding of Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz this weekend, where some fans had expected to see the pair rubbing shoulders with celebrities at the multi million-pound bash. Instead of mingling at America’s most high profile events, royal writer Daniela Elser said that the couple could be opting to shun the spotlight in favour of spending more time with their children at their Californian home. She said that their absence from events such as the Peltz-Beckham’s wedding was becoming the norm as the pair pursued a quieter life since they left the UK in 2020. Ms Elser said: "This latest Sussex-free event comes after rumours circulated earlier this year that we would see Harry and/or Meghan on the Oscars stage presenting an award, a glittering moment which obviously did not come to pass. "Nor were the Montecito-based royal expats on the red carpet for the Met Gala in New York or on Martha’s Vineyard for President Barack Obama’s 60th birthday last year." She said the couple might be snubbing the glitz and glamour of Hollywood parties and award ceremonies for “a night in” at their Montecito home with their young children Archie, two, and ten-month-old daughter Lillibet. Writing for the New Zealand Herald, Ms Elser added that, “for whatever reason, what is notable about the Sussexes is, since quitting the UK to talk about making content, how restrained their social life has been.” She continued: "Like so many assumptions that seemed like rock-solid givens post-Megxit, Harry and Meghan, the thinking went, would make the splashiest of splashes on the American party scene. "At the time, there would not have been a soiree, premiere, fundraiser, or opening of an envelope from Hollywood to the Hamptons that would not have fallen over themselves to have them attend. READ MORE: Diana's influence will make William a more 'sincere and strong' King “Harry and Meghan were the social gets and they seemed more than happy to rub up against the biggest of names. "And yet … Harry and Meghan seem to be working their way towards Greta Garbo-worthy levels of reclusiveness,” wrote Ms Elser, comparing Harry and Meghan’s sudden withdrawal from the limelight to that of Swedish actress Greta Garbo, who famously refused interviews and retired in her 30s. The pair have made a handful of appearances in recent months, including the Salute To Freedom Gala in November. Prince Harry was also snapped with cousin Beatrice watching the SuperBowl in February, but the royal only posed for a few social media snaps rather than mixed with other celebrity guests including Beyone, Jay-Z and Justin Bieber. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Furious' William left 'disgusted' by Meghan [LIVE]Andrew 'dreaming of comeback' after Queen event [LATEST]Meghan and Harry's security firm hiring [BREAKING]  Harry and Meghan fans had expected to see the couple at the eldest Beckham son’s wedding to actress Nicola Peltz this weekend, as David Beckham and wife Victoria attended the Sussexes wedding in 2018. However, rather than being a “social snub”, Ms Elser argued that the Sussexes were staying away from A-lister circles in favour of a quieter life. When the pair announced they were stepping down as senior members of the Royal Family, they said it was partly in order to have a new relationship with the media. With Harry having previously stated that the “toxic” British media created a “really difficult” environment for the couple, it may not come as a surprise to Sussex fans that they have chosen to avoid the limelight as they build a new life in America. 