Marine Le Pen has seen the gap between her and Emmanuel Macron tighten in the run-up to the French election, with the first round currently underway. Analyst  Anne-Elisabeth Moutet warned it is "entirely possible" the Rassemblement National leader could overturn expectations and overtake incumbent Macron in the initial polling. Speaking to GB News before voting ended on Sunday, Ms Moutet said: "There is a possible upset in this first round which is that it is entirely possible that Marine Le Pen will come first even by half a point ahead of Emmanuel Macron in the results of this first day. "We don't know yet, the big cities have not voted, we're not allowed to give specifics poll estimates, and they are estimates at this stage. "There is a much higher abstention rate that we see so far but it's a beautiful weather day. "Most poll offices are open until 7pm Paris time in any but the large cities like Paris, Marseille, Bordeaux, etcetera with a result we don't really know. "But she's strong and Emmanuel Macron, the tendency in the past few weeks has been essentially to lose ground." JUST IN: 'Why are you laughing?' Russian MP rages at host after claiming Moscow didn't bomb Ukraine Ms Mouted suggested Mr Macron's strategy of letting his own record speak for itself could partially backfire on the La Republique En Marche! leader. She continued: "And he's also lost ground because he's decided that he was appearing such a statesman because of the Ukraine crisis that it was better for him to say, 'I'm being presidential, the other are mere candidates'. "And it turns out this might not have been such a good strategy." Voting intention polls on Saturday suggested a pivotal section of voters, aged between 18 and 24, would back far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon and Marine Le Pen ahead of Mr Macron. READ MORE: Macron’s ‘arrogance’ could cost him French election as voters head to polls  Turnout figures for the first round of France's presidential election on Sunday showed a 65.0 percent participation rate by 5pm (1500 GMT), the interior ministry said, below the 69.4 percent recorded at the same time in 2017. Voting started at 8am and will end at 8pm, when the first exit polls of results are expected. Earlier opinion polls pointed to an easy win for the pro-European Union, centrist Macron, who was boosted by his active diplomacy over Ukraine, a strong economic recovery, and the weakness of a fragmented opposition. Those arguments resonated with some voters on Sunday. In Paris, 34-year old Thomas Bostock said his vote was meant to "congratulate" President Macron for what he has achieved amid a tense geopolitical environment. DON'T MISS Donald Tusk sensationally compares Le Pen to Putin as he backs Macron [INSIGHT]'Arrogant and incapable' Macron's time in power savaged [ANALYSIS]Brigitte Macron raged at criticism of her 'untypical' marriage [INSIGHT] But the French leader's late entry into the campaign, with only one major rally that even his supporters found underwhelming and his focus on an unpopular plan to increase the retirement age, have dented his ratings. Jean-Daniel Levy, of Harris Interactive pollsters, said: "Marine Le Pen has never been this close to winning a presidential election." Supporters of hard-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon are hoping for another kind of surprise, and have called on left-wing voters of all stripes to switch to their candidate and send him into the runoff. Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen agree the outcome is wide open. The right-wing candidate said that "everything is possible," while earlier in the week Mr Macron warned his followers not to discount a Le Pen win.