Reports in recent weeks have pointed to the National Rally’s leader taking key ground from current President Emmanuel Macron, whose bid for re-election looks less secure. Even French Interior Minister Gérald Darmanin, a close ally of Mr Macron, warned Ms Le Pen is “dangerous” and “can win this election”. He highlighted that she is working to gain the votes of working-class people, whereas the President is busying himself too much with canvasing those in the middle class whose support he is already likely to receive. Now, Ms Le Pen has claimed she will appoint left-wingers in her government if she is election, most likely in a bid to gain more favour ahead of voting. The presidential hopeful told RTL radio she would “probably not” work with far-left candidates. But she added she would be prepared to host figures who are labelled as left wing but share beliefs in many aspects of her agenda. Ms Le Pen said: “I could very well have people, for example, from the [Jean-Pierre] Chevènement left. “In other words, a sovereigns left, a left which supports re-industrialisation, the defence of our great industries.” Mr Chevènement served as Minister of the Interior under the socialist prime minister Lionel Jospin in the late 1990s to early 2000s. He is backing Mr Macron in this election, but other figures on his side have shown a support of Ms Le Pen’s EU and, given recent events in Ukraine, NATO scepticism. READ MORE: Macron crisis as own advisor warns Le Pen could WIN election She, quoted in the Financial Times, said: “There are lots of people on the left who are attached to French secularism – which fits well, it’s a fundamental issue for me – who are attached to education and are very opposed to the way in which Emmanuel Macron is planning to destroy schooling.” Those people, who may be on the opposite side of Ms Le Pen’s politics, in the country that invented the concept of the political ‘left’ and ‘right’, could, she added, “equally be part of my government”. The prospect of such a government appears to have improved in recent days, with pollsters this week declaring Ms Le Pen the frontrunner in the race. Atlas Politico, which was one of the best-performing pollsters during the much-mistaken 2020 US presidential election, put Ms Le Pen at 50.5 percent. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Mr Macron was behind – however narrowly – at 49.5 percent. This came after more polling showed widespread opposition to his late retirement plans. The President has proposed pushing the legal age at which a French citizen can receive a full pension up from 62 to 65. Polling by Elabe for the Les Echos newspaper suggested an incredible 70 percent of respondents were opposed to the plans. Half of the 1,531 polled were “very opposed” – a worrying statistic for a presidential hopeful less than a month from an election. Reports also suggest a boost to his approval ratings in light of his response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine are already waning, causing further difficulties for his campaign.