Deadline will see Natalie Varga (played by Charlie Murphy) accused of murdering her wealthy husband and is on trial, facing a life behind bars. Investigative journalist James Alden (James D'Arcy) becomes fascinated with the case and is determined to figure out the truth. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Deadline. Natalie Varga stands accused of her husband's murder but it is unclear if she is really guilty of the crime. With strong evidence pointing to her being the culprit, it appears to be an open-and-close case but is she really capable of killing? Peaky Blinders fans will best recognise actress Charlie Murphy for portraying Jessie Eden in the BBC period drama. Some of her other roles have been in Happy Valley, The Last Kingdom, To Walk Invisible: The Brontë Sisters and will be in the sci-fi series Halo later this year. READ MORE: Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos? Investigative journalist James Alden becomes fascinated with Natalie's story and is eager to figure out if she really killed her husband. But as he delves deeper into their story, James comes across secrets he doesn't expect. Actor James D'Arcy portrayed Lee Ashworth in the hit ITV drama Broadchurch in 2015 and Edwin Jarvis in the series Agent Carter. He has also been in movies such as Master and Commander, Dunkirk and Avengers: Endgame. Barbara Curtis is James' boss so is continuing to push him to get the big exclusive from Natalie. She is also James' former lover which complicates their relationship even further. Actress Indra Ové was Maria Carr in the 2018 series of Unforgotten on ITV. Some of her other projects have been She's Out, The New Worth Witch, Doctors, Breeders and Sex Education. DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods’ Donnie Wahlberg shares exciting filming update [UPDATE]Sienna Miller claims there's 'no way' a 'man could've directed' series [EXPLAINER]Vera's Aiden Healy star details 'special' moments filming series [CAST] Toth is described as a "sinister henchman" who is presumed to be working for Natalie. Actor Brian Caspe takes on the role of Toth in Deadline who is probably well remembered for playing Herr Mueller in the movie Jojo Rabbit. He has featured in Doctor Who, Spy City, Knightfall, Carnival Row and Hellboy. Caspe has various movies in production as well, including Devil, Emperor and Nightline. Mrs Molnar is a lawyer played by Romanian actress Anamaria Marinca. 