Weather forecaster WXCharts has predicted snowfall from Manchester northwards, with 0.1inches (0.3cm) falling per hour on Bank Holiday Monday. Snowfall will continue across Tuesday and Wednesday, with up to 1inch (3cm) per hour in the areas surrounding Edinburgh and up to 0.3inch (1cm) per hour in Manchester. Temperatures are expected to plummet from the bank holiday weekend, dropping to 0C on Sunday. On Monday, temperatures fall even further to -4C, with lows of -7C setting in by Tuesday. Weather forecaster Netweather warned that "cold Arctic air" has the potential to hit Britain, bringing "chilly nights". Forecasting for the final week of April and the start of May, it said: "There are hints that some cold Arctic air will head south on the eastern flank of the high, but the main 'thrust' of the cold northerlies looks most likely to head into Scandinavia and Russia rather than towards the British Isles. "Some of this colder air may head west towards Britain via our easterly flow, however, resulting in relatively cool and cloudy weather for counties bordering the North Sea, as well as some chilly nights. "In the wetter areas, a wet start to the week will be offset by a drier end, but there could locally be significantly above-average rainfall in the south where totals are raised by localised thundery downpours." It added: "There is about 30 percent chance of a cold snap early this week with cold northerlies coming closer to affecting the British Isles, but the longer-term signal sees the blocking anticyclone to the north transfer more towards Scandinavia, bringing a continuation of the generally easterly winds but with warmer air heading in from the south-east.  READ MORE: UK hot weather: Britain’s last blast of sunshine to hit before freeze "The weather may turn more unsettled in the west and south, especially late in the week, with low pressure developing in the eastern North Atlantic, and potential for thundery outbreaks." Weather forecaster Jim Dale said there is an increased chance of wet weather and showers in May, as a result of the dry weather the country has seen in recent weeks. Speaking about May, Mr Dale - senior meteorologist at British Weather Services - told Express.co.uk: "Heavier showers, humidity coming into it. DON'T MISS: UK weather: Temperatures PLUMMET by 20C as Met Office predicts -3C [REPORT] UK storm warning: -7C freeze and heavy downpours to hit Britain [REVEAL] Weeding tips: How to ‘effectively’ get rid of garden weeds [INSIGHT] "That push away from France, that sort of stuff, that's what brings the humidity, that air coming up. "So I think May as it unwinds will become more mixed, more changeable, with some heavier rain setting in - inevitably because of the dry weather. "It's the balancing effect, which as to come in at some point." This comes after the UK saw warm weather in April, bringing record temperatures over the Easter bank holiday weekend. Temperatures reached 23.4C in London on the afternoon of Good Friday, making it the hottest day of the year so far.