According to new research, since the introduction of E10 petrol in September 2021, it has cost drivers over £1.7billion to fill up their petrol tanks. Based on the Government’s proposals for a mandated rollout of E10 petrol, it was estimated that the fuel was 2.3 percent less efficient than its predecessor. At the current average price of petrol, this equates to an eye-watering additional cost of £1.7billion to UK vehicle owners. This is more than double of the Government’s original estimate which stood at £701million. In 2021, drivers travelling the national annual average of 8,000 miles could have expected to pay around £866 for petrol. This year, that has risen to £1,168 - a staggering increase of £302. READ MORE: Mother furious at rider who parked in parents-only space When the petrol was unveiled, the Department for Transport said that E10 would have a marginal impact on fuel economy, although this was believed to be around one percent. It said that other factors like the weight of the car and the driving style would have a far bigger impact on the efficiency of a vehicle. Ryan Fulthorpe, motoring expert at GoCompare said it would continue to have a huge impact on drivers. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “Unfortunately, in the midst of a fuel crisis we are also realising the impact of the switch to E10 petrol on motorists' pockets. DON'T MISSEV driver hits back at critics who told him to stop complaining [INSIGHT]GMP suggests cyclist who was hit by drink driver needed a hi-vis [COMMENT]Motorists question 'bizarre' road where drivers escape daily ULEZ fee [SHOCKING] “Getting fewer miles per gallon means spending more to drive the same distance. “Coupled with the climbing cost of fuel, this is a real blow to car owners.” E10 petrol is blended with up to 10 percent renewable ethanol and made up of materials such as low-grade grains, sugars and waste wood. The move was heralded as being another step towards the Government’s target of net zero emissions by 2050, by slowly decarbonising petrol. It was estimated that the change could cut CO2 emissions by 750,000 tonnes per year. Mr Fulthorpe added: “As a greener fuel, the shift to E10 is said to have the same impact as removing 350,000 cars off the road and will go a long way to support the UK bioethanol industry, which is sure to be a key future player in sustainable fuel. “Yet, rather than subsidising and supporting this industry, the price has been pushed onto the consumer. “In the meantime, drivers should think carefully about how they manage their petrol money. “Walking or cycling where possible to decrease driven mileage will not only save you money on fuel but can also bring your car insurance premium down.” Classic car owners have also been left with an added financial burden as many older vehicles are incompatible with the new standard fuel. This means they have to pay a higher price for E5 super unleaded petrol, which now costs an average of 173.28p per litre, according to RAC Fuel Watch. At a time when living costs are so expensive, many drivers will not have a choice but to buy E10, which will result in further costs from the lowered fuel content.