Abi Morgan’s glossy divorce drama The Split returned with its third season as Hannah Stern (played by Nicola Walker) and Nathan Stern (Stephen Mangan) are in the final stages of negotiating their divorce. After season three dropped earlier this month, showrunner Abi confirmed the show will not return for a fourth outing. While fans have binge-watched the BBC series in its entirety, some have been left to ponder how old actor Stephen is. According to IMDB, Stephen was born on May 16 in 1968, which would make the actor 53-years-old. The Split star stands tall at approximately 6ft (1.83m). Born in Ponders End, in Enfield, north London, to Irish parents, Stephen has two sisters, Anita and Lisa. The comic married his wife Louise Delamere, who is also an actor, in 2007 and the pair share three children together. READ MORE:Ukrainian millionaire orders home to be bombed as Russia moves in After graduating from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in 1994, the Cambridge law graduate didn’t pursue lead roles on-screen, preferring to take smaller roles on stage. As a theatre performer, he was Tony-nominated for his portrayal of Norman in The Norman Conquests on Broadway. Making his TV breakthrough, Stephen played Adrian Mole in the six-part BBC TV show series Adrian Mole: The Cappuccino Years which first aired in 2001. Since then, the TV star has appeared in a variety of acting roles as well as hosting Children In Need for the BBC in 2020, alongside Alex Scott MBE, Chris Ramsey and Mel Giedroyc. More recently, Stephen is known for his role as the barrister Nathan in BBC’s smash hit The Split. The star is in constant demand in his field and was a devoted husband to Hannah. To the outside world, Nathan and Hannah are the golden couple personally and professionally. However, the inevitable pressures of their kids growing up, his body growing older, a high pressure professional life and the toll of years spent together have begun to expose cracks in their once solid relationship. But despite their problems, the pair often find themselves drawn into each other's lives. In the third outing, Nathan has already started a new relationship with a child psychologist named Kate (Laura Pulver) behind Hannah's back. But Hannah, who is also seeing her old flame Christie (Barry Atsma) begins to form a love triangle along with Nathan in the midst. Fans were devastated to know the season had ended but actor Stephen has revealed whether he would reprise his role in the BBC drama for the fourth time. On whether he'd return for a spin-off, the 53-year-old quipped: "Nathan and Christie open an antique boutique in the Cotswolds together.” "All you want as an actor is to be in stuff like this that’s well written, well-acted, well-directed, well-produced and popular and interesting. He added to Radio Times: “So yeah, absolutely, of course.” Explaining why the show has become such a hit with audiences, the actor said: "I think almost every adult will know what it's like to be with someone who doesn’t want to be with you. “It's such a fundamental part of who we are so yeah, it does explain its popularity to some degree,” he revealed. The Split series 3 is available to stream on BBC iPlayer