Bend it Like Beckham is celebrating its 20th anniversary and grossed almost £60million on a budget of just £3.5million, making it a surprise hit. The movie told the story of a young British-Indian girl with a passion for football and the obstacles she faced. During BBC Breakfast on Saturday morning, presenters Charlie Stayt and Rachel Burden spoke about the anniversary, and the channel played a dedicated 30 minute special to the film. However, many viewers blasted the coverage, with many feeling there were "more important" things to be spoken about. Viewers of the show took to Twitter to express their annoyance at the broadcaster for showing the feature documentary about the film. Colin Dunn fumed: "There’s a war in Ukraine, and BBC Breakfast has spent two days on Bend It Like Beckham, sort yourselves out #BBCBreakfast." User @stryder444 commented: "This segment seems to have lasted 20 minutes. #BBCBreakfast." @MissusMalarkey said: "How many times is this Bend It Like Beckham piece being shown this weekend? Bit overdone now!" READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames A Tommy Coyne added: "Has @BBCBreakfast shown that Bend It Like Beckham piece every day this week? Certainly feels like it #Overkill #BendItLikeBeckham #BBCBreakfast Andrew Ashton asked: "Why are #bbcbreakfast running the Bend it Like Beckham story for the second day running? Is there no other news?." However, not all viewers were annoyed by the coverage, as many praised the film for inspiring the change and stigma that football once faced. Millie Thomsil praised: "YES! to BBC Breakfast for their Bend It Like Beckham documentary, women's football has become such an inspiration for young people!" (sic) Introducing the segment, Rachel said: "Yesterday, Charlie, we were talking about the 20th anniversary of Bend It Like Beckham, weren't we." Charlie exclaimed: "Yes! It is always interesting where people get their inspiration from to go into a sport. "It could be from one person who plays the game, in this case, it was the movie, people watch the movie, and they want to be a football player. "Gurinder Chadha, who is the director of Bend It Like Beckham, was here with us with two women who were inspired by the film." DON'T MISS...Charlie Stayt hits out at MP for Rwanda migrant deal cost [INSIGHT]Mike Bushell reacts as Dan Walker wishes Carol Kirkwood good luck [LATEST]BBC's Sally Nugent congratulates Laura Kuenssberg's replacement [WATCH] Rachel continued: "And that is because the movie was released 20 years ago this week as we have mentioned, Miriam Walker Khan has made a documentary surrounding the film here it is." The 30-minute segment saw Mirian speak about how the film changed society for women's football and the stigma that it faced. "Bend It Like Beckham was a huge success, and it made history as the highest-grossing film about football. "So, to celebrate its 20th anniversary, I am going to take a deeper look at the impact of the film." She went on to interview women footballers who were inspired by the film and how it changed their lives, alongside former footballer Gary Linekar and his cameo in the film. "When I did it, I can't remember why I said yes," Gary explained. "I turned down a lot of things like that normally. "I did like the script and thought it was quite cute and funny, but I never imagined it would be the success it obviously was." Miriam informed Gary that the film was inspired by legend Ian Wright, which stunned Gary as he never knew it was his former colleague who was the reason the film was made. He exclaimed: "Ian... Hang on, Ian Wright-inspired Bend It Like Beckham? Why is it not called Bend It Like Wrighty!" BBC Breakfast airs every day from 6am on BBC One.