Liverpool right-back Trent Alexander-Arnold wasn't impressed by Jordan Henderson's free-kick attempt in the first half against Newcastle United on Saturday. Alexander-Arnold was caught watching a highlight of Henderson's effort and laughing on the subs' bench during the first half at St James' Park. Jurgen Klopp rang the changes for the Reds' trip to Newcastle, making five switches from Wednesday's 2-0 win against Villarreal in the Champions League semi-finals. Liverpool controlled large sections of the opening periods and took the lead before the 20-minute mark through Naby Keita. Mohamed Salah and Alexander-Arnold were included in Klopp's bold changes as he looks to maintain the fitness of his squad during a full-speed period of the season. So when Liverpool were awarded a free-kick in a dangerous position midway through the half, many pondered who would step up to the plate. The successful candidate was captain Henderson, who isn't especially known for his free-kick-taking prowess. And, somewhat predictably, the 31-year-old blazed his effort over the Newcastle wall and the crossbar, much to the home crowd's delight, given his Sunderland links. JUST IN: Liverpool told to capitalise on Virgil van Dijk's 'invincible' spell  Shortly after, the BT Sport cameras cut to the Liverpool bench, showing Alexander-Arnold leaning over the front row to closely examine the highlight of Henderson's sky-bound effort on the third official's screen. And the attack-minded right-back blatantly found it amusing, returning to his seat and sharing a laugh with backup goalkeeper Caoimhin Kelleher. Alexander-Arnold has grown his reputation as one of the best in Europe in his position due to the staggering numbers he produces as Klopp's main outlet on the wing. Five of his 12 goals for the Reds have been direct free-kicks, most recently in the 3-2 defeat at West Ham United earlier this season, and he usually shares the role with Salah. READ MORE: Mikel Arteta pressures Arsenal board with 'investment' call  The 23-year-old has been directly involved in 19 goals this season, registering a Liverpool-high 17 assists on top of two strikes. He is a pivotal cog in the formidable machine Klopp has created at Anfield as they eye unheard-of quadruple glory in the back-end of his season. Joe Gomez replaced him for the Newcastle game and, throughout the first half, showcased how every player in the German's squad is capable of playing the same role, regardless of their place in the pecking order. Liverpool left Tyneside with all three points thanks to Naby Keita's first-half goal. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.