Manchester United hero Wayne Rooney has endorsed Robin van Persie’s potential return to Old Trafford by labelling the former Netherlands striker a “great character.” Van Persie has been tipped to return to Manchester as a coach if the club appoint his compatriot Erik ten Hag as their new manager this summer. Van Persie joined United as a player in 2012 after he had spent eight years with rivals Arsenal. And the former talisman enjoyed a stellar first campaign at the club as he bagged 26 goals and 15 assists in the Premier League as United won the title for the final time under legendary manager Sir Alex Ferguson. Van Persie played alongside Rooney for three years at Old Trafford before quitting to join Fenerbahce in Turkey. And England’s record goalscorer was full of praise for his former team-mate this week as he gave his thoughts on the Premier League’s hall of fame nominations. “Robin - great character, great player,” Rooney said. “So much ability.” And Rooney also recalled the time the duo combined to score one of the greatest goals in Premier League history on the night they secured the title in 2013. JUST IN: Roma ‘learn Man Utd already have Boubacar Kamara transfer agreement'   Aston Villa were the opponents at Old Trafford as United went in search of the points. And Van Persie bagged a hat-trick, with his second goal coming in the form of a wonderful volley from the edge of the box after Rooney had picked him out from the halfway line. “We worked on that in training,” Rooney added. “It was probably the best goal in my opinion that there has been in the Premier League.” Fergie pulled off a masterstroke by signing Van Persie. And the striker went on to score 58 goals in 105 games for the club, despite the team’s struggles under David Moyes and Louis van Gaal. DON'T MISS Ten Hag’s camp ‘have concerns about Man Utd job’ as saga takes twist Ten Hag 'angry over English lessons claim' after he missed Spurs job Man Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' with Ten Hag and Pochettino    Van Persie finally hung up his boots in 2019 after 18 months with Feyenoord but returned to the Dutch club less than a year later as a coach. And he could be set to embark on a more high-profile coaching career in England after it emerged earlier this week that the 38-year-old could be targeted by Ten Hag if United turn to the Ajax boss to solve their woes. United appointed Ralf Rangnick as their interim boss in November following the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. But the German is set to step aside at the end of the campaign to take on a behind-the-scenes consultancy role at the club. And Ten Hag looks primed to take the reins after being interviewed by Old Trafford chiefs last month. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  