Manchester United have been dealt further injury blows ahead of Thursday's Premier League clash against Chelsea at Old Trafford. The Red Devils are missing as many as eight first-team players for the visit of Thomas Tuchel's side, including three fresh worries. On Wednesday, Ralf Rangnick confirmed Harry Maguire and Jadon Sancho had joined United's growing injury list, with Aaron Wan-Bissaka also a doubt. The trio joins Luke Shaw, Fred, Paul Pogba and Edinson Cavani on the sidelines, whilst Mason Greenwood remains suspended. Sancho's absence will particularly sting Rangnick as he looks to end his troublesome stint as interim manager with a flourish, regardless of United's inevitable top-four absence. The treatment table crisis has made the upcoming test against a team enjoying a run of nine successive away wins all the more problematic. Express Sport runs through Rangnick's expected team for United's daunting test against the European champions. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel shares advice from Man Utd's Ralf Rangnick Many fans will speculate over David de Gea's future under Erik ten Hag due to the Dutchman's preference for a goalkeeper with commanding and ball-playing qualities. But he is understood to be in line for a contract extension and, for now, firmly Rangnick's first-choice stopper. Despite a defensive calamity at Arsenal last time out, Rangnick may have to go unchanged. With Wan-Bissaka a doubt, Diogo Dalot is set to keep his place at right-back, with Alex Telles starting again in place of the injured Shaw. Rangnick dropped Maguire to the bench at the Emirates Stadium, and the club captain's forced absence should see Victor Lindelof partner Raphael Varane in central defence again. READ MORE: Real Madrid star Asensio's stance on leaving amid strong Arsenal links With Fred and Pogba ruled out, Rangnick only has two senior midfielders capable of playing in a double pivot available. Like the defence, it’s likely to be an unchanged pairing of Scott McTominay and Nemanja Matic. Bruno Fernandes should captain United again in attacking midfield, but penalty duties might be transferred to Cristiano Ronaldo… The loss of Sancho will prompt one change in attack, and could catalyst Alejandro Garnacho’s highly-anticipated first-team debut. It would make sense to see Anthony Elanga keep his place on the right and Marcus Rashford replacing Sancho, rather than the outgoing Jesse Lingard or Juan Mata. Ronaldo is certain to start as Cavani’s prolonged absence continues. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.