An average of 400,000 Britons emigrate each year, according to Amar Ali, Managing Director of Reiss Edwards. However, not everyone gets the same rights with regard to their UK state pension when moving abroad. Expats living in certain countries do not receive an annual increase to their state pension, as their sum stays frozen each year. Relocating to some of the more popular destinations could mean people’s state pension stays stuck in place. Canada is the second-most popular nation for Britons to move to, according to Reiss Edwards, with residents of 15 UK cities Googling it the most. 650,000 Britons reside in Canada, according to White and Company. However, those who do relocate to Canada would not get an annual state pension increase. READ MORE: Easter payment dates for Universal Credit plus 30 freebies people can claim from DWP The same goes for the third-most-searched destination, Australia, which was the most-searched country by 12 UK cities. There are 1.2 million British people living in Australia, according to MoveHub. New Zealand was the fourth-most-searched nation, and the UK state pension remains frozen there as well. There are some countries where the UK state pension is increased each year in the same way it is in Britain. One of these is the USA, which was the most popular nation for people to relocate to in terms of google searches. DON'T MISS‘Had no idea!’ WASPI woman, 70, frustrated at state pension age change - ‘real shock’ [WASPI]Is it cheaper to use gas or electricity? Fact-checked [INSIGHT]Just TWO days left to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax and capital gains tax raid - act NOW [ALERT] The UK has an agreement with the USA which allows this to happen. The fifth and sixth-most popular nations, Spain and France, also allow Britons to get their UK state pension increased each year. This is because these countries are in the EU. It is estimated that more than half a million British pensioners living abroad receive a frozen state pension. From April 11, the full new state pension will rise to £185.15 a week, but once again, many people will be excluded from this increase. The consequence of receiving a frozen state pension is that pensioners’ spending power is reduced over time as the cost of living rises with inflation. Only select countries allow Britons to receive an annual increase to their state pension, such as those in the European Economic Area (EEA). The EEA includes all EU nations as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. Increases to the British state pension are also made in countries which have a social security agreement with the UK. These are: Canada and New Zealand also have an agreement with the UK, but the British pension is still not uprated each year in those countries.