The report of the couple visiting Windsor on their way to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games was revealed in The Sun by Royal correspondent Matt Wilkinson. Prince Harry and Meghan visited the Queen on Thursday for the first time in two years and also met with Prince Charles, in a move that came as a surprise to fans.  Royal supporters who had gathered at Windsor for the annual Maundy Thursday service spotted the royal couple. One said: “I couldn’t believe it when I saw who it was. We waved and they waved back. “They looked happy and relaxed and waved to everyone on the bus. “Charles and the Queen were at Windsor Castle at the same time so they must have met them both.”  The couple are reportedly staying at Frogmore Cottage before they travel to The Hague on Friday. Speaking to Express.co.uk, royal expert Marlene Koeng has commented on the event that can be regarded as a “major step” in terms of healing the relationships within the family. Whether or not this visit can be seen as the couple extending an olive branch remains to be seen, the expert stated. Ms Koeng said: “This is difficult to ascertain. We do not know if this was Harry or Meghan’s idea or Charles or the Queen’s, suggesting a visit to the UK before heading to the Hague. “I think a real olive branch would have included bringing Archie and Lilibet, and from what we understand the kids remained behind in California.” The Queen is yet to meet her namesake and great-granddaughter who was born on June 4, 2021 She was named Lilibet after the Queen’s nickname in tribute to her and Lilibet also carries the middle name of Diana after Prince Harry’s late-mother. READ MORE: Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay However, Ms Koeng has said that regardless of the children being present or not, “it is certainly a major step”. She added: “Some thought Charles and William might head to the Netherlands, but there were a few who speculated that the duke and duchess might stop in the UK first. “Harry has stated from time to time that he did want to see his grandmother.” Prince Harry received some backlash for not attending Prince Philip’s service of thanksgiving last month over concerns surrounding the security of himself and his family after he was reportedly chased by paparazzi after an event in the summer. The royal expert said that “it was pointed out today that the Dutch see no security risks during Harry’s visit to the Hague” which is a positive sign for the family. It is thought given the secrecy of the visit this week that the couple had taken precautions to ensure their safety from the media. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Do YOU think the Queen is about to retire soon? (POLL)Fury as airport 'meet and greet' firms leave cars trapped in field (INSIGHT)Russian karter loses licence and faces punishments for 'Nazi gesture' (REVEAL) Ms Koeng said: “I do not know for sure what kind of security the couple received when they arrived at Heathrow, but it is likely that they were treated as members of the Royal Family, taken through the VIP area.” She added that it was most likely that they had a car ready and waiting to take them to Frogmore Cottage where Princess Eugenie and her husband and son now reside. Prince Harry and Meghan have been close with Eugenie and Ms Koeng suggested “the possibility that Princess Eugenie may have been the conduit”. She continued: “Conversations between the two cousins may have led to Eugenie approaching her grandmother after she returned from California.” The royal expert concluded: “Perhaps careful and meticulous conversations between Harry and his family that could lead to further talks, further bridge building, even a discussion about coming back for the Platinum Jubilee.” 