Good Morning Britain presenter Kate Garraway took a swipe at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle as they left their roles as working royals due to wanting more privacy but have allowed a Netflix camera crew to follow them at the Invictus Games. The comments come after the pair were seen enjoying their time at the Invictus Games in The Hague, where they are being followed by their large camera crew, which is filming for a new documentary set to be released on streaming giant Netflix. Joining Kate and co-host Adil Ray was ITV's Royal Editor Chris Ship, who spoke about how well received the couple were when arriving at the games. Talk soon turned to their Netflix deal, with Kate claiming: "I would say there are a lot of people here in the UK that never thought that Prince Harry and Meghan were a bad thing for the country. "They love the fact that they seem to be received so well initially, it is more their view of how they were treated that has caused this upset. "I think there is this element of look they want privacy, they don't want to be intruded upon, but they have a Netflix camera crew following them around which one would imagine it's something they can control. READ MORE: Jane McDonald has 'awkward' moment as she boards boat in travel show "It is under an arranged deal, and at the Invictus Games, it is very much the way they want to be viewed. It comes back to that control thing again, which rankles with some people." Agreeing with her comments, Chris said: "Yeah, it's on their terms, and there is no doubt when I last covered Meghan and Harry as members of the Royal Family, it sort of operated in the way that the Royal Family do. "This is very different, there is a Netflix crew here, and the Netflix crew are following them around, and they have had almost as much attention as Harry and Meghan because everyone keeps pointing them out. "Photographers are taking pictures of the Netflix crew as much as Harry and Meghan, and yeah, it is true they can control the narrative, and that is kind of why they left the Royal Family. "They didn't like that lack of control they had in the Royal Family, and now they are self-funded, Netflix is paying them a big wad of cash, and they are making a documentary, and that crew are here in force." Adil joined the conversation and responded: "There have been some moments when you think they probably wouldn't have been able to do that if they had still been official members of the Royal Family. "The kiss on stage, for instance, I can't imagine if William and Kate were in the same scenario that we would see that public display of affection, it is quite extraordinary as he is still a Prince. "Seeing that on a world stage was quite something!" Chris added: "Harry and Meghan always remain very tactile even when they were in the Royal Family, I think having a kiss on stage, I think you would have seen that if they were still in." Their affectionate on-stage kiss and Harry's nickname for Meghan left a lasting impression on those watching as viewers flocked to Twitter to express their love for the couple. Annie Farquharson swooned: "The eloquence of Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex! Prince Harry saying 'thank you my love', after she introduced him made me swoon!" @w_selwa commented: "Meghan's introduction of her husband Prince Harry at The #InvictusGames Opening Ceremony. "The best introduction and look at Harry at the verge of crying, Meghan was too at the end of her intro and the 'thank you my love' from Harry to Meghan." @Truleynotcommon added: "The love and admiration between Harry and Meghan is so beautiful. Harry's 'thank you my love' has me swooning." (sic) Harry founded the Invictus Games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics. The couple has yet to confirm if they will attend the Queen’s four-day celebrations, including Trooping the Colour and a line-up of royals on the Buckingham Palace balcony. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.