As the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are no longer working members of the Royal Family, they won't be allowed to play a formal role in any other event, such as the Trooping the Colour parade. Harry and Meghan making an appearance at the Buckingham Palace balcony to celebrate Her Majesty's 70 years on the throne will "mean a lot" to the Queen, according to royal sources. The couple will presumably be spending some time in the Palace, but how does the property look inside? The 828,821 square feet Palace has been the main residence of the Queen for many years. Buckingham Palace has 775 rooms, including 19 State rooms, 52 royal and guest bedrooms, 188 staff bedrooms, 92 offices and 78 bathrooms. READ MORE: How to wash a duvet in the washing machine Covered in red carpets and gold-framed mirrors, the Throne Room is one of the main and most photographed rooms in the Palace. The space has red and gold furnishings, and an impressive marble fireplace and holds the chair where Her Majesty was crowned in 1953. The Throne Room was described as a “masterpiece” by the Royal Collection Trust. The room used to be the place for official balls during Queen Victoria's reign but is now used to meet important guests. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge met Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and his wife Olena here in 2020.  The Palace Ballroom is now used to host guests and state dinners. The space is very similar to the Throne room, featuring red carpets, gold panelling, chandeliers and landscape paintings. The 1844 Room is one of 19 State rooms and is currently used to host world leaders and important guests. The space features regal decor, including gold mirrors, gold chairs and a pink floral carpet. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge met Barack and Michelle Obama in this room a few years ago. The Queen delivers her traditional Christmas Day speech from the White Drawing Room. The room has a large chandelier and a gold piano, and many family photos placed on a wooden table can always be spotted when the speech is broadcasted. Picture Gallery The Picture Gallery is used to host receptions and has paintings by Rubens, Van Dyck and Canaletto. Buckingham Palace's stunning 39-acre private garden is also part of the Queen's impressive home. The Queen’s Garden parties have welcomed over 24,000 guests. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stopped by Windsor Castle over the Easter weekend to spend time with the Queen on a surprise visit to the UK. The couple reportedly stayed for one night before they left for the Netherlands on Friday to attend the Invictus Games.