Expert at Essential Living recommended using the "toothbrush method" to remove not only black mould from the shower but also any stain found in the house. They said: "You may think cleaning with a toothbrush is some sort of joke, but it actually is one of the best tools for really targeting stains!" The experts explained how to use it: "If one of your guests seems to be a little drowsy after their dinner and drops their pud on your sofa, do not worry. "Here, you can really let the toothbrush do the hard work by going over the stained area, allowing the fine bristles to tackle any marks left by misplaced dessert. "With a white cloth, dab warm water or washing-up liquid onto the stain and use your toothbrush to scrub. READ MORE: Pink Floyd's David Gilmour lives in Sussex' 2nd most expensive village   "Top tip: Scrub outwards not inwards and always pat dry gently." Kerry Hale, at Mira Showers, also recommended using a toothbrush to target mould in the shower and recommended an "inexpensive home remedy" consisting of white vinegar and bleach. The cleaning expert said: “Because the bathroom is often the most humid room in the house, mould and mildew is a common problem that many – if not all of us – have experienced at some point, mainly caused by lingering moisture, leaky taps, and damp cellulose materials. "When it comes to getting rid of mould, identifying the type of mould and severity is key.  "The most common bathroom mould is black mould and often the simple and inexpensive home remedy of undiluted white vinegar will do the trick. "If there is mould on a silicone sealant or grout, bleach can be applied to an old cloth or toothbrush and used to scrub. “Whilst keeping to a regular cleaning routine in your bathroom is important when tackling mould, there are some products that can make things easier for you." Kerry also shared a few useful tips to prevent mould from forming in the shower. She said it is important to wipe around the shower, including shower trays and wall panels. This is to remove any excess condensation as "it could turn into mould". She also recommended sticking to a cleaning routine and keeping the bathroom as clean and dry as possible. This can be done by washing the towels regularly, and always hanging wet towels and bathmats. A well-ventilated area also helps prevent mould. Kerry said: "If you have a window in your bathroom, opening it straight after you’ve showered will allow excess moisture in the air to disperse naturally and reduce condensation settling on the walls, ceilings and around the windows." If there are no windows in the bathroom, a ventilator fan or dehumidifier is a good option to get rid of the humidity.