Liz Hurley, 56, is known for her breathtaking bikini snaps and enviable figure. The model made sure not to disappoint her fans as she posted a short video of herself dancing, sparking a social media frenzy. Liz took to Instagram last night to post the short video in view of her 2.3 million Instagram followers. The actress flaunted her ample assets in a very revealing mesh black dress. Her enviable figure was on show as she danced the night away, "embarrassing" her friends. She looked beyond youthful as she sported a simple bronze makeup look and a pink glossy lip. READ MORE: Michael Bublé says he and wife almost ended their marriage Liz also wore her signature brunette tresses in loose curls and accessorised the outfit with a sparkling diamond choker. She captioned the short video: "How to embarrass your friends #specialskill." Liz beamed for the camera while her friend taking the video asked what she was doing and she replied: "I don't know." Many social media users took to the post's comments to compliment the actress on her envious looks and memorable dance moves. Ann_caruso said: "Haha! love it!" Sandylinter added: "Oh I'm not embarrassed at all! I'm doing what you're doing!" Ty_7867 commented: "This is the most loveliest awkward dance ever." The post comes after the actress was slammed for saving two starfish as she posed with them out of the sea. DON'T MISS... James Martin shut down marriage plans with girlfriend [COMMENT] Amanda Holden, 51, hasn't aged since unearthed underwear photoshoot [PICS] Ronnie O’Sullivan’s mum ‘branded ex-fiancee Laila Rouass prostitute’ [INSIGHT] She showed off her incredible physique in a blue bikini but many have called her out for taking the animals out of the water as they could die. According to World Animal Protection, you should never touch or remove a starfish from the water, as this could lead to them suffocating. During the sun-soaked holiday, Elizabeth took great pride in sharing a photo of her "rescuing" the two starfish. She captioned the post: "Found these magnificent starfish, alive but stranded, on the beach- they’re now happily back at the bottom of the sea." Disgruntled fan MKent36 commented: "They are extremely delicate and most likely won't survive once you take them out of the sea and manipulate them." Leannasmith_realtor added: "You shouldn’t take them out of the water for photos. "They can die as they can’t breathe out of the water." A Marine biologist Professor Morgan Pratchett has since spoken to AU news about the picture. He said: "It's unlikely that they would die from being out of the water for a few minutes, but it does depend how long the starfish were out of the water /stranded on the beach."