Real Madrid could launch a move for N'Golo Kante if Chelsea sign Aurelien Tchouameni this summer, according to reports. Tchouameni has been linked with both Real and Chelsea following his performances for both Monaco and France. Kante, meanwhile, is out of contract at Chelsea at the end of next season. The Blues currently cannot offer the midfielder a new deal due to the sanctions imposed on their owner Roman Abramovich by the UK Government. Chelsea are also unable to make any new signings, throwing a move for Tchouameni into doubt. But a sale of the club could go through this month to allow normal practices to resume at Stamford Bridge. Spanish outlet AS says Real are not currently pursuing Kante but claims he could be 'in their range' if they lose the battle with Chelsea to sign Tchouameni. There are several intermediaries weighing up Kante's future and willing to offer him to Europe's biggest clubs, including Real. READ MORE: Newcastle plotting Arnaut Danjuma swap transfer with Miguel Almiron  Chelsea know this summer may be the last chance they get of receiving a transfer fee for Kante. If he does not sign an extension to his contract, he would be able to negotiate a free transfer away from the club as early as next January. Real may feel they can lure Kante for a cheap fee this summer, especially due to Chelsea's uncertain financial situation. Kante, at 31, is nine years older than his potential replacement Tchouameni. Tchouaneni came through the academy at Bordeaux before moving to Monaco in 2020. He has just over two years remaining on his contract with the Ligue 1 club. The same report claims Monaco would want around £50million (€60m) for the player. Meanwhile, Kante has made just 15 starts in the Premier League this season. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has four glaring problems to solve after Brentford loss [COMMENT]Liverpool star Diogo Jota silences Jamie Redknapp after headed goal in Watford win [REACTION]Jamie Redknapp names five players Man Utd must let go this summer [QUOTES]  He has missed a number of matches due to injury as well as testing positive for COVID-19 twice. The Frenchman has won six major honours at Chelsea since arriving from Leicester in 2016. Speaking in a rare interview earlier this season, he explained his delight at last term's Champions League glory. "We were not favourites so winning felt great," Kante told Chelsea media. "The trophy is just a plus but really, the journey will stay with us for a long time, and we will always remember it. Sometimes when we talk about it, it makes us smile, or when we see the footage at the training ground, we always have a smile. "When we win, frankly, I just want to enjoy the moment and celebrate with the fans."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here