The bank says the "benefit of higher interest rates" along with "robust UK mortgage-lending" helped group income rise year on year. Its UK operations saw personal banking income rise 11 percent in its results for the first quarter of 2022. Interest rates have been steadily increasing from rock bottom levels in recent years to now stand at 0.75 percent following a string of hikes. The Bank of England is widely expected to take the base rate to one percent at its meeting next Thursday, May 5, the highest level in over a decade.  Already mortgage holders on tracker and standard variable rates have seen their monthly payments rise with new customers also finding fewer cheap deals available. While banks have generally been quick to pass on interest rate hikes to mortgages, any benefit for savers typically is much slower to come through. For the first three months of this year Barclays saw net income from interest rise 26 percent compared to the same period in 2021 when interest rates stood at 0.1 percent. The bank said it was "well-positioned" for a rising interest rate environment, expecting "sustainable double digit returns."  With inflation proving increasingly persistent markets are now pricing in considerable rate hikes ahead for the remainder of the year and into 2023. Consultancy Capital Economics predict the base rate could reach three percent by next year as well as expecting a five percent fall in house prices as buying activity slows in response to rising costs. Barclays itself has cited the cost of living crisis as a concern for its customers. C.S. Venkatakrishnan, Group Chief Executive, said: "We remain focused on the impact higher prices are having on our customers and our small business and corporate clients, all of whom are facing far harder conditions this year as a result of inflation, supply chain issues and higher energy costs.  "We will support them through this difficult period wherever we can, and support the wider economy just as we did through the COVID-19 pandemic." While rising revenue from interest rates has helped boost earnings, Barclays overall profits have been impacted by £500 million in legal costs over an accounting error which saw it overselling US securities. AJ Bell investment director Russ Mould, noted: “If it hadn’t been for a monumental mess of its own making Barclays could have been really riding high off the back of its first quarter showing." As a result Barclays has been forced to postpone a long planned share buy back which otherwise would have served as a boost for investors.   DON'T MISS: Soaring energy prices deliver bumper dividends [SPOTLIGHT] Interest rates to reach three percent next year [ANALYSIS] Euro plunges to lowest level for 5 years in EU disaster [LATEST] Mr Mould added: "“Human error is always a possibility but the concern for the market will be that the controls in place are not sufficiently robust to prevent these kind of problems cropping up. “It is something which recently appointed chief executive C.S. Venkatakrishnan will need to get a handle on." Nevertheless Barclay's share price rose three percent following the results. 