After an incredible 70 years on the British throne, Her Majesty The Queen celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this year. And just like the Golden and Diamond festivities, there’s going to be a huge Party at the Palace concert on Saturday June 4 with some massive acts. For the 50th and 60th celebrations, the likes of Sir Paul McCartney, Sir Elton John and Queen performed outside Buckingham Palace, with only singer George Ezra official announced so far for the 70th. Now with Queen and Adam Lambert finally returning to tour the UK and Europe after a two-year delay around the same time, we’ve been wondering if the iconic collaboration had any plans to perform at the Platinum Party at the Palace. After all, Brian May famously played God Save The Queen on his electric guitar from the roof of Buckingham Palace back in 2002, before he and Roger Taylor teamed up for some Queen hits on stage. Having not performed at the 2012 Diamond Jubilee concert, surely they’re being considered this time around? In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, May has teased that there have certainly been exciting talks. We initially asked Brian last year about the idea of making an appearance at the Platinum concert, to which he replied: “Oh yeah, well that’s a thought. If they invite us, yeah, I don’t see why not!” Whereas today, while promoting the re-release of his solo album Another World, the 74-year-old said with a cheeky giggle: “I don’t think I’m allowed to say…I suppose I can say that it has been discussed. So you may see us there…Of course, it would have to be something quite big following the appearance on the Buckingham Palace roof many years ago. I think people would expect something quite special, wouldn’t they? Hmmm…so that’s probably all we can say at the moment.” Brian shared this tease while reminiscing about writing his second solo album, 1998’s Another World, ahead of its remastered release on Friday. The Queen legend remembered a “turbulent” period in his life after Freddie Mercury’s death in 1991 and when bassist John Deacon retired in 1997, believing Queen was well and truly over. The 74-year-old said: “I guess we were still getting over missing Freddie…so a time of transition.” After touring with his own band, he realised: “I’d rather be a guitarist. It’s not that I don’t like singing, I do. But for me, it’s very stressful trying to sing and play at the same time. I have such a passion for making the guitar my own voice, that I found it was not working to the optimum for me. I found I wanted to get back to guitar playing and that’s what happened since.” DON'T MISSFreddie Mercury Tribute Concert 30th marked with YouTube series WATCH [FREDDIE MERCURY TRIBUTE CONCERT]Brian May performs Queen’s ’39 high up in Tenerife – WATCH [BRIAN MAY]Brian May on honouring Freddie Mercury with Queen and Adam Lambert [FREDDIE] Brian continued: “It was a time of great flux and uncertainty. I wasn’t sure of myself as a frontman. I’d been out there pretending I was very confident, not needing to be in Queen anymore, but actually it was very tough. Cozy Powell who had given me such confidence to go on this road suddenly wasn’t there. The drummer, who plays on Another World, had suddenly died following a car crash in April 1998 at the age of 50. The Queen star added: “It was hard times, very difficult.” Nevertheless, he managed to get through that tough period, realising he had to adapt to survive, much like the tree that he stands with on the cover of the album. Another World is re-released on Friday, April 22 and can be pre-ordered here.