Tina Brown, author of the newly released The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor—the Truth and the Turmoil has alleged that the Queen gave Ms Markle the best platform possible to advance issues of women’s education and equality. She told the Washington Post Live that given the duchess’ “desire to do some global, humanitarian work”, the role of vice-chairman of the Commonwealth Foundation, which was afforded her by the Queen, was a “fantastic” role to achieve her goals. Ms Brown said: “I think the Queen and the Palace set the Sussexes up for a lot of success. I mean the Queen gave [Ms Markle] one of her most treasured patronages. “Patron of the national theatre. What a fabulous thing for a former actress. A marvellous, prestigious patronage. “She also made her vice-chairman of the Commonwealth Foundation, which, given that Meghan said she had a huge desire to do some global, humanitarian work, there’s no better platform to be able to talk about women’s education or the question of minorities. “This was a fantastic platform, really, that needed modernising and dusting off and repositioning, particularly in the social atmosphere right now with the Black Lives Matter issue. “But, nonetheless, there was a big role there, a long-standing role, with a lot of longevity for the Sussexes.” Ms Brown’s new book unravelled a host of never-before-known goings-on in the Royal family following the death of Prince Charles’ first wife Princess Diana. Among them, she claimed that an aide to the family described the Duke and Duchess of Sussex as confrontational and sharing an “addiction to drama”. She also alleged that the final straw in the now-dubbed Megxit saga occurred during the Queen’s 2019 annual Christmas broadcast. She said that when the couple saw that the family photos to the right of the monarch, within which they were not included, all “residual misgivings” about their place in the family “vanished”. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry urged to 'stay away' from Queen [LIVE] She wrote: "If the Sussexes had any residual misgivings about whether they wanted out, those doubts vanished when they viewed the Queen’s 2019 televised Christmas message. “With their own eyes, they saw that they had been kicked to the margins of the monarchy. Her Majesty eloquently made the point in her speech by saying nothing. "The subtext was all in the flotilla of carefully arranged family photographs positioned on her writing desk. “[It was] a grouping that, in case anyone thinks is accidental, has been artfully changed every year since the monarch’s first televised seasonal message in 1957." DON'T MISS: Thomas Markle would be ‘welcomed with open arms’ if came to UK – POLL [POLL] Ronnie O’Sullivan’s honest take on Prince Harry after Megxit [REVEAL] Why Meghan Markle was the first person to hold prestigious title [INSIGHT] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle last saw the Queen just over a fortnight ago at Windsor Castle. The pair were stopping over in England briefly before heading to The Hague, Netherlands, to host the Invictus Games. In an interview with an American broadcaster several days afterwards, Prince Harry said that he enjoyed a “special relationship” with the Queen. He said that he had visited his grandmother to make sure that she was “protected”.