But that was before the cancer of woke, identity politics consumed this green and pleasant land. Nowadays, among our nation’s sneering political, media, pro-Marxist academic and anti-monarchy luvvie classes, St George’s Day has become It’s Fashionable To Hate England Day. And Englishness is the dragon they must slay. Regular as clockwork, these preening narcissists jostle to prove they hate England more than the next liberal c*ckwomble. “St George wasn’t even English - he was an immigrant!” they trill. “Fish and chips were invented in Portugal! Churchill was a racist!” It’s true St George wasn’t English. He was born in Capadocia, which is now North East Turkey, around 280 AD. Actually, there’s actually a good chance St George didn’t even exist. So what? Next, they’ll be telling us dragons don’t exist! St George’s Day has been observed in England since the early 15th century, and was once considered as important as Christmas. However, after the Act of Union between England and Scotland in 1707, its significance diminished. Then after the Great War, anti-Empire guilt consumed the chattering classes. As usual, English literature’s very own St George – George Orwell –got it bang-on when he wrote his seminal long essay The Lion and the Unicorn in 1941: “England is perhaps the only great country whose intellectuals are ashamed of their own nationality. In left-wing circles it is always felt that there is something slightly disgraceful in being an Englishman and that it is a duty to snigger at every English institution, from horse racing to suet puddings. “It is a strange fact, but it is unquestionably true that almost any English intellectual would feel more ashamed of standing to attention during ‘God save the King’ than of stealing from a poor box.” Throughout the 1980s and 90s the British media eagerly made the flag of St George the banner of football hooligans and “lager louts”. Thanks to the English Defence League, the transformation of St George’s Cross into the swastika was complete.  This rotten groupthink is now de rigeur among our woke intellectual class. These privileged, metropolitan elites belch out a toxic torrent of self-flaggelatory bile that decrees that Britain, but especially England, is systemically racist, sexist, transphobic, Islamophobic and evil. Add in the impotent rage precipitated by the liberal Left’s abject failure at the ballot box, and St George’s Cross has become a target on our nation’s soul. And that’s why, this St George’s Day, once again, the media ponces, the Twitterati, the globalist shills, the diversity industry, the talk radio twonks, the race grifters and every pencil-necked pseudo-intellectual from Land’s End to John O’Groats will queue up to put the boot into St George. Make no mistake, this is a class war. The English working classes have long had a closer bond with our national flag, as we’re more likely to have had family members serve in the armed forces. But today’s liberals hate the flag our ancestors died under. And before the prawn sandwich brigade took over and taking the knee became compulsory, the same could be said of football. Politically, this seething, snobbish contempt surfaced in 2014 when Labour’s Emily Thornberry flag-shamed white van man Dan Mare during the Rochester & Strood by-election, when Labour was hammered by UKIP, with many saying they’d never vote Labour again. But Labour didn’t learn – they never do. Two years later, they tried to stop Brexit.  It’s a telling irony that every other form of British nationalism is seen as progressive to liberals and leftists. They fawn over Scottish, Welsh and Irish nationalism – yet English nationalism is uniquely seen as regressive and racist. Well, if England is so racist, why are record numbers of illegal immigrants and asylum seekers risking their lives to get to England – then staying put? Over the years, there have been half-hearted campaigns to make St George’s Day a Bank Holiday. After all, Scotland get a St Andrews Day holiday, and all the Irish get the day off for St Patrick’s. But interest is waning. In 2007, an Ipsos poll showed 72 percent favoured the idea. But by 2014, English Heritage remarked that only 19 percent even celebrated the day. Worse, a YouGov poll from last year showed 42 percent of Liberal voters disapprove of the English flag - and that’s those who admitted it.  It’s time to reclaim our English national pride. This year, the Reclaim Party is heading to Morley, Yorkshire – officially England’s Most Patriotic Town – for the annual St George’s Day Parade. (You can tune into a patriotic Facebook live at 5pm with myself and Lozza.) But the fact of the matter is, the majority of our ruling class hates England. Maybe it’s time for them to sling their hooks? So, if our government ever gets round to shipping illegal immigrants to Rwanda, why don’t we send all the anti-Englanders with them? Then let’s see how long these entitled windbags last – before they come crawling back to England, the greatest country on God’s green Earth. 