Jamie Redknapp has seemingly warned Manchester United against appointing 'serial underachiever' Mauricio Pochettino. The former Tottenham boss has struggled to get a consistent tune out of his star-studded Paris Saint-Germain side, who were knocked out of the Champions League by Real Madrid last month. Redknapp suggests that he could face similar problems at Old Trafford due to what he sees as an inharmonious dressing room. United's Premier League top-four bid was dealt another crushing blow on Saturday when Leicester City left Old Trafford with a point. It could have been even worse for the Red Devils had Fred not mounted an instant response to Kelechi Iheanacho's opener as the sides played out a 1-1 draw. Ralf Rangnick is now nearing the end of his interim tenure as the process to hire a new permanent boss is reportedly well underway behind the scenes. Pochettino's name is firmly in the equation, alongside Ajax manager Erik ten Hag. "They need to get the right manager in," Redknapp told Sky Sports."Pochettino has been a serial underachiever, as much as I like him. Can he go and do it at Manchester United? There is no real belief that he can. JUST IN: Real Madrid dash Barcelona comeback hopes as Karim Benzema rampage continues vs Celta Vigo  "Ten Hag has done a great job at Ajax where you should, really, win the league. He's got the best players. "So it's not going to be easy. As much as it's getting the manager [appointment] right, it's also about personnel because you look at certain clubs and think, 'I would love to be in that Liverpool dressing room. I would love to be working at [Manchester] City with the players there'. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'did not have high expectations' before Brentford lossGary Lineker pays tribute to Christian Eriksen after Brentford star scores against ChelseaLiverpool hero Jamie Carragher picks out two stars after win over Watford "I look at that United dressing room and think, 'that looks fractured'. I think there's a few poisonous characters that could cause problems. I wouldn't want to be in there. I don't think that's a dressing room that's pulling together." Indeed, the dressing room could see a major reshuffle over the summer with top players and big personalities Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard, Edinson Cavani and Juan Mata all set to leave for free. Arrivals are therefore presumed, and Rangnick excited fans back in February when he claimed it was 'obvious' that the Red Devils would pursue a new striker at the end of the season. As if that wasn't enough change, many have tipped Cristiano Ronaldo to jump ship if United fail to qualify for next season's Champions League which, after more dropped points on Saturday, seems a likely outcome. Marcus Rashford is also believed to be considering his future over game time concerns, and he was once again forced to settle for a spot on the bench against the Foxes. It remains to be seen who the United hierarchy will appoint, but with interviews supposedly conducted there seems to be growing noise for Ten Hag. The Dutchman stoked the flames in a recent interview when he called Man Utd a 'great club' with 'great fans'.