On Tuesday, MasterChef returned on BBC One with hosts Gregg Wallace and John Torode watching closely as the remaining contestants duelled it out in the kitchen. As the competition edges one step closer to the final, the heat was turned up for the show’s challengers. However, for 31-year-old Oli, his place in the competition was under threat after he served up a dessert dish that was slammed for its simplicity. The wine merchant from Bristol served up a red wine poached pear dessert with a savoury rosemary pistachio and cheese cantuccini biscuit, which he’d also used as a crumb for the bottom of the pear, along with whipped mascarpone cream. As the chef’s tucked into the dish, John confessed: “Oli, I’ve never had a savoury cantuccini before - I like it. “I like the smell of cheese going through the biscuit, it’s good. “Your pears, for me, the core’s got to come out before you poach it.” READ MORE:Carole Malone clashes with 15-year-old Stop Oil protester on GB News  John went on to suggest: “If you do take the core out, all the flavour goes inside the pear as well and gives you a more rounded flavour to it.” However, the TV chef did criticise Olli’s choice of flavours, saying: “But right now, I’m slightly confused as to why I’ve got a cheese biscuit with my pear, which doesn’t have a huge amount of flavour of red wine.” Co-presenter Gregg didn’t hold back with his feedback and skewered the contestant over the dish’s lack of imagination. He swiped: “As a judge, I’m looking to see where the cookery skill is.   “You’ve literally put a pear into some liquid,” Gregg continued as the 31-year-old shook his head with disappointment. “The biscuit is the only skill I’m looking at,” he added. Later, Oli when asked to share his thoughts on the challenge, he said: “[ I have] mixed feelings, mixed feelings because I think the flavours and the ideas are there." But the reality star admitted: “I need to work on my skills.” “But other than that, I think, I did the best I could on the day. Despite the feedback he’d received in the first round, Oli pulled it out of the bag with his fish dish that was topped with a fish stock foam and served alongside aioli. Gregg quipped: “I’m not a fan of foams, it always looks to me like it’s part of the washing up! “But your foam actually had the flavour of good fish stock about it. “I love the chicory, love the bitterness and it seems to have soaked up the stock you’ve cooked it in.”  The host chuckled: “Oli, I’m just pleased to know that you cook.” As the judges announced who would be making it into the next round, Gregg turned to Oli and shared the good news. Sadly, for Meg and Carly, their journey on the show came to an end when their dishes didn’t quite meet expectations when the pair were given the boot. MasterChef airs Tuesday on BBC One at 8pm