Spending money on groceries, toiletries, utilities and travel is impossible to avoid, leaving little room to make savings on these household essentials. While changing the types of items you buy can claw back some of your budget, making use of everything from loyalty schemes to exercising your consumer rights could save you more money than you think. Express.co.uk reveals the best ways to save money while you spend it - and how to make the most of your everyday purchases. Making quick savings while earning coupons as you spend is easy to do using customer loyalty schemes, but how can you make the most of your points? Tesco offers one of the most rewarding loyalty schemes across the UK’s ‘big four’ supermarkets, with major discounts on offer both in-store, online and with partners such as the RAC, Pizza Express, Disney+ and the English Heritage. With Tesco Clubcard Pay+, shoppers can pick up Clubcard points both in and outside Tesco, while gaining double Clubcard points in-store for the first three months after signing up. Gerry Mallon, Chief Executive, Tesco Bank, added: “We’re very encouraged to see Tesco Clubcard Pay+ help give shoppers the confidence to start saving while managing their budget and picking up extra Clubcard Points wherever they shop.” READ MORE: State pension age: Check when you can get state pension and bus pass Online shopping has revolutionised the way we spend, but it isn’t always smooth sailing when it comes to home deliveries. Exercising your consumer rights is crucial to access refunds and compensation where possible, and it’s often easier than you think. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the shopping experts at Studio Retail said: “As long as your item is in new condition, and in the original packaging, it is eligible to be returned. “Remember that retailers often charge for returns, with the only exception being when the product is damaged.”   In the UK, it is the law that sellers must offer a refund to customers if they have raised the request within 14 days of receiving their goods, from which they then have another 14 days to return the items. Personal items such as underwear and jewellery can’t be returned at all unless the product is damaged, while products such as perfume and mattresses cannot be returned if the packaging has been removed. The experts at Studio Retail added: “Some products will only be accepted in original packaging - so our top tip is not to throw packaging away unless you’re sure you’re keeping it.”  DON'T MISS:Britons warned of 'hidden costs' of travel in Spain - 'It can add up' [ANALYSIS]I saved £1,000 a year making just a few cuts like switching from Sky [REVEAL]Rees-Mogg hails major Brexit win over mortgages [INSIGHT] Energy bills have reached a new high since the energy price cap rose by 54 percent at the start of April, but there are ways to earn so much needed cash-back while heating your home. The Utility Warehouse (UW) Cashback card allows customers to cut their bills (including energy, broadband and mobile) by using the card with partnered brands, including Boots, Sainsbury’s and Argos. Bill payers who use the UW Cashback card can get up to seven percent cashback on everyday purchases, with the money coming directly off their bill. While this will mean switching your energy or broadband provider, it is a good option to consider if you’re coming to the end of a fixed tariff - though it is not recommended that you make the switch just yet.  While the cost of living has left millions of households feeling the squeeze on their income, charities across the nation are also struggling with rising costs. If you’re looking for ways to make charitable donations without foregoing essential expenses in your budget, platforms such as Give as you Live offer an affordable way to donate while buying something as simple as a train ticket. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Annabelle Risdon, Director at Give as you Live, said: “Purchasing rail tickets through Give as you Live Online means consumers can raise money for their chosen charity just by doing their daily, weekly and monthly travel at no extra cost. “This is particularly critical at present given the current cost-of-living crisis as people are less likely to willingly donate to charities, causing added pressure on the UK charity sector.” The free fundraising app can be used when buying more than just train tickets too, with more than 5,500 online retailers including John Lewis & Partners, eBay, Sainsbury’s, and Argos also involved. 