The results were found after analysis was conducted on National Health Interview Survey of the United States population. Allergic disorders analysed included those with:• Asthma• Respiratory allergy• Digestive allergy• Skin allergy. During the study the researchers adjusted for age, sex, race, smoking, alcohol drinking and BMI (body mass index). READ MORE: Cholesterol – A 'strong' genetic link found between anorexia and high-density lipoprotein The study’s lead author Yang Guo said: “Further large cohort studies with long-term follow-up are needed to confirm our findings. “Additionally appreciating the underlying mechanism may help future management in such individuals.” Although grouped together as one term, there are two types of blood pressure; systolic and diastolic. Systolic blood pressure is the force at which the heart pumps blood around the body while the diastolic blood pressure is the resistance to the blood flow in the blood vessels.  The only way for a person to find out their blood pressure is for it to be measured. Everyone’s health blood pressure will be different. If a person’s blood pressure is consistently too high it can increase their risk of a number of conditions. This includes heart disease, heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, peripheral arterial disease, aortic aneurysms, kidney disease, and vascular dementia. Meanwhile, a recent investigation has been undertaken into the effect of the Covid vaccine on the heart. Scientists are investigating reports of individuals suffering from a form of heart inflammation known as myopericarditis, after receiving the vaccine. However, while this may be of concern, there is little need to worry. Researchers have said: “The overall risk of myopericarditis appears to be no different for this very new group of vaccines against COVID-19 than for traditional vaccines against other pathogens.” As a result, there is little need to worry about heart inflammation as a result of receiving the Covid vaccine. Dr Kollengode Ramanathan of the University of Singapore where the research was conducted said: “These findings are important additions to the conversation when weighing the risk-benefits of COVID-19 vaccination and parents should be informed about the benefits and harms of COVID-19 vaccination, the local risk of exposure to COVID-19 infection at the time, and the risk of myopericarditis from COVID-19 infection itself at the time of vaccination of their adolescent children.” Dr Beate Kampmann from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine added: “The risk of heart involvement and serious harm from COVID-19 itself is significantly higher than this rare-side effect, which primarily – and rarely – affects young males.” More information about the location of local vaccination centres can be found on the NHS website.