Ajax manager Erik ten Hag was left riled by several reporters on Saturday after persistent questioning about the Manchester United job. Ten Hag has been heavily touted as United's chosen successor for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, with talks thought to be advanced. Reports suggest the 52-year-old emerged as the Red Devils' preferred candidate from the interview process. And the club 'don't want to wait until June' to announce their manager next season, leaving many pondering when Ten Hag's Old Trafford arrival will be made official. In recent weeks, the Dutchman has been bombarded with questions on the intensifying links. So much so, Ajax banned all English media from his pre-match press conference ahead of Saturday's 2-1 win over Sparta Rotterdam. But ahead of kick-off, Ten Hag was asked how his talks with United have gone so far. He understandably replied, "I want to talk about the game." After the reporter suggested he would return with Red Devil-based questions later in the evening, the Dutchman reaffirmed, "I am not reacting to rumours. Questions about the game or I am going inside." JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte hails five players after cementing fourth Despite Ten Hag's blatant frustration with the line of questioning, ESPN's reporter returned after full-time by asking whether he would take English lessons with him. The Ajax boss responded, "That's not needed; you can go alone." Then asked, "So you don't think it's necessary?" Ten Hag firmly stated" "Not for me, but if you want to go." Other journalists at the Johan Cruijff Arena also got in on the act, with NOS asking him whether he is in 'advanced talks' with United. Ten Hag replied: "There's nothing to say. I will not tell you whether this is true or not about talks. We have finals left to play." READ MORE: Ferdinand spills text conversation with Lampard before Everton win Ten Hag's frustration is warranted, considering he is focused on guiding Ajax to another league-cup double this season. The Amsterdam giants are battling PSV at the Eredivisie summit and also face their rivals in the KNVB Cup final next Sunday. The media whirlwind surrounding his status next season comes as no surprise; the United hot seat is arguably the most pressured, attention-drawing position in all of football. But this particular appointment comes with a sense of greater importance than ever before, given it's aligned with the boardroom reshape at Old Trafford. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here