Prince Harry was visibly emotional as he delivered his opening speech for the latest edition of the Invictus Games in The Hague on Saturday. The Duke of Sussex praised all participating athletes for their strength as he insisted he is hoping his son Archie Harrison will see their work as an inspiration growing up. He said: "I trust that you all see what I see - the heart of the warrior beating strongly.  "Because to be role models, or the role model each of you are, takes strength and it takes courage. "When I talk to my son Archie about what he wants to be when he grows up, some days it's an astronaut, other days it's a pilot – a helicopter pilot, obviously. Or Kwazii from Octonauts. "But what I remind him is, no matter what you want to be when you grow up, it's your character that matters most. "And nothing would make me and his mum prouder than to see him have the character of what we see before us today. You." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG  He continued: "You as a community have overcome immense challenges and together you are healing and teaching the world as you go. "And you as individuals are people of substance, of resilience, of strength, and of heart. "You have the heart of Invictus, and your collective stories will be woven into the history books and for that, we thank you. "We thank you for cementing in us the unwavering knowing that with courage you can overcome anything." READ MORE: Adorable moment beaming Harry and Meghan driven by children on first day of Invictus - VID The Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned together to Europe for the first time in over two years to attend the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games. On the way to The Hague, Prince Harry and Meghan made a stop in the UK to visit the Queen and Prince Charles at Windsor Castle. The couple's children, Archie, 2, and 10-month-old Lilibet stayed in California. DON'T MISS Best pictures of Princess Anne's royal tour so far [INSIGHT] Meghan issued warning as feminists to launch attack on her new podcast [REVEAL] Queen's action 'removes any danger' of Harry and Andrew duties [REPORT] Archie has not been to the UK since November 2019, when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex whisked him off to Canada after their return from their South Africa tour. The family set up their new headquarters in Montecito, California after relocating to the United States ahead of the global coronavirus lockdown in March 2020. Lilibet was born in the United States in June the following year and has yet to meet her great-grandmother or grandfather in person. The children are however believed to have been reunited with Princess Eugenie, who visited the family in California with her husband Jack earlier this year.