Currys is giving away gift cards worth up to £50 this Bank Holiday weekend. The major high street retailer is offering this extra saving to new or existing customers that join the Currys Perks programme. This loyalty scheme is entirely free to join, and offers members exclusive discounts and deals on top tech as well as the chance to enter monthly prize draws so you could get hold of a shiny new toy to play with without spending a single penny. Currys is giving away free gift cards to those that join its Currys Perks programme this May Bank Holiday weekend, with the promotion available between April 27 and May 3. To start with, you'll need to head to this page on the Currys website to sign up as a Currys Perks member. You will get a gift card worth either £20 or £50 for free depending on how much you spend. If you spend £350 or more you'll between April 27 and May 3 you'll get a free £20 Currys e-gift card. If you spend £750 or more during this period you'll instead get a £50 Currys e-gift card. However, it's important to point out that you won't be able to use your free gift card this Bank Holiday weekend. Instead, you'll receive your free Currys credit between June 7 and June 10 via the same email you used to sign-up for Currys Perks. This gift card will then be valid for 30 days from when it was sent.  If you're thinking of taking advantage of this promotion, then you may want to grab one of the 'epic deals' bargains Currys is running right now. Top tech such as smartwatches, 4K TVs, laptops as well as household appliances such as fridge freezers and washing machines have also received discounts as part of the Currys promotion. If you're lucky enough to have a PS5 or Xbox Series X then you may be in the market for a 4K TV right now. And if that's the case then Currys has some great deals for you. Right now a number of LG OLED 4K TVs that are the perfect companions for the latest PlayStation and Xbox consoles have received price cuts.  For instance, the 48inch LG OLED48C14LB has had its price cut from £1,099 to £979 as part of the Currys Epic Deals promotion. And not only that, you can take advantage of additional discounts such as 50 percent off an LG GP9 speaker when you purchase it with the 4K telly. Alternatively, you can opt for the 55inch LG OLED55C14LB. This is usually priced at £1,299 but Currys has taken £150 off the price tag. The listed price right now is £1,149, and you can get a further £100 off by entering the VISION100OFF code at checkout. This brings the price down to £1,049 instead of the usual £1,299. Both these LG TVs come with all the features you need to get the most out of your PS5 or Xbox Series X. The LG OLED tellies come with HDMI 2.1 ports, a silky smooth refresh rate of 120Hz as well as support for Variable Refresh Rate (VRR) which will all ensure you get the best possible picture quality from your console. 