Powerful explosions tore through Kyiv in the early hours of Friday morning as residents braced themselves for more attacks from Russia as sirens blared out following the sinking of the Black Sea vessel. It is thought that the explosions were the heaviest they have been since Russian forces retreated from the capital to bolster forces on the south and east borders.  Videos posted on social media show the sky over Kyiv being lit up by the explosions. Explosions were also heard on Thursday night in Kherson in the south, the eastern city of Kharkiv, and the western city of Ivano-Frankivsk. Ukrainian MP Lesia Vasylenko tweeted: “Three explosions in Kyiv right now. One after the other. The air raid warning has been on for an hour. “Most likely Putin gone livid because of the Moskva sinking. Oh well, we’ll just keep standing to Russia’s annoyance.”  She had previously tweeted: “Sirens in every single region of Ukraine. This means again that Russia launched missiles and fighter jets. All over Ukraine. Concentrating in the east of course.” It has been reported that the sinking of the Moskva will go down as one of the highest-profile naval attacks so far this century. The destruction of the Soviet-era flagship that symbolised Russian military has been claimed by Ukraine. It is reported that the vessel was struck by one of Ukraine’s missiles and the Russian defence ministry has confirmed that the warship sank as it was being towed to port. READ MORE: What forces Putin has left - & the ongoing argument over dead soldiers The Defence Ministry said: “While the cruiser ‘Moskva’ was being towed to the destination port, the ship lost stability due to damage to the hull from the fire.” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has thanked all people “who halted the progress of the endless convoys of Russian military equipment…those who showed that Russian ships can go…down to the bottom”. The 500 crew members of the ship were evacuated following the explosion on board of the ammunition. The Russian ministry has not directly acknowledged the attack by Ukrainian troops who used a locally made Neptune anti-ship missile. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson is NOT using Ukraine to save himself – POLL (POLL)Johnny Depp's best friend sobs in court over Amber Heard abuse case (INSIGHT)Japan humiliates EU with blueprint to cut Russia ties (REVEAL)  Russia’s naval fleet has been attacking Ukraine’s cities on the Black Sea since the beginning of the invasion 50 days ago. The residents of the port cities of Odesa and Mariupol are bracing themselves for further attacks, which have been alluded to by President Zelensky. As a result of the explosions, there are electricity outages in part of Kyiv but there has been no other reported damage in Kyiv, Kherson, Kharkiv or Ivano Frankivsk. The air raid sirens reportedly sounded in all regions of the country after midnight on Friday and while other places fell quiet, they continued to ring out in Luhansk and Zaporizhzhya. 