Back in April 2007, Kate, who'd been dating William for five years and had shared a house with him at St Andrew's University, received a phone call from the prince - then a junior army officer based at Bovington Camp in Dorset - telling her it was all over. He wasn't ready to commit, he wanted his freedom. The relationship had been going through a bad patch and recently William had been seen on the arm of a number of other girls. The 24-year old future king was feeling cornered. The problems had begun the previous December when William invited Kate to Sandringham for the Queen's annual Christmas party, and she said no. By now as high-profile as Princess Diana had been at that age, and assumed by the world's media to be William's future wife, she put her foot down - she wouldn't go to a significant Royal Family gathering without a ring on her finger. William met that decision with angry silence and failed to show up for the longplanned Middleton family New Year festivities. What happened next forms the basis for a gripping tale of stratagem, artful love, and steely backbone as complex as any manoeuvrings in the Tudor court, told brilliantly by the British journalist, biographer and editor Tina Brown in her jaw-dropping new book, The Palace Papers, published this week. Far from burying herself in the Berkshire countryside or taking a long holiday abroad, Kate overcame her dismay by fighting her way back very publicly. "To William's discomfort, he saw pictures of Kate leaving their old nocturnal haunts late at night in thigh-high skirts," Ms Brown writes. She joined a women's team to row a dragonboat across the Channel and as they practised "the riverbanks were soon bristling with paparazzi trying to catch her toned, tight T-shirt look". Brown adds: "By June, it started to dawn on William that his ex was as much of a catch as he was. He was soon begging to have her back. But she held out, savouring his contrition, before finally accepting an invitation to a party at Bovington where she rocked the room dressed as a sexy nurse, and William followed her round like a lost puppy."  It was on again after a three-month break, and everyone - on both sides of romance - could breathe a sigh of relief. Much of this was played out in the newspapers at the time, but what makes Tina Brown's version so gripping is the fine detail she deploys to show how far the royal romance was instigated - "negotiated" is the word she uses - by Kate's mother. "Carole Middleton," she says, "is usually characterised as across between Jane Austen's Mrs Bennet and the sitcom social climber Hyacinth Bucket. Neither model is right - Carole has considerable strategic flair, and her fingerprints are all over Kate's first move on the royal chessboard." Describing her as "Coach Carole", the author says that right from the start she gave Kate daily advice on the right moves, urging her to keep her eye on the prize. When William's choice of university was announced, at Carole's behest Kate switched from her offered place at Edinburgh to the lesser-rated St Andrew's, where William was headed - "Carole was, after all, the chancer in the family, not Kate". Whenever their romance hit a speedbump, says Ms Brown - "he could be flip and curt with her, he expected her to run after him" - Kate would retreat to the Bucklebury family home for strategy sessions with Carole, who'd counsel: "Give him space." How shrewd she was - it's impossible now, given the choices his brother Harry made, to imagine anyone more suited to William. The full story of how a jobbing builder's granddaughter became our future queen takes a lot of telling, but it's all there in Brown's book. The Palace Papers is a formidable collection of anecdotes - some new, some borrowed, some long-forgotten - which add up to the most entertaining royal book in a generation. On virtually every page, Brown reminds us why we're so gripped by all things royal - no other family in the universe can turn out so many astonishing anecdotes.  She's been gone these past 20 years, but the Queen Mother still casts a glittering shadow over the narrative. However, the portrait painted reveals some startling truths about the influence she wielded over her two daughters. During Princess Margaret's ill-fated romance with royal aide Peter Townsend, Brown says, "tensions between the two became so bad that Margaret threw a book at her mother's head". And even her elder daughter, while sovereign in her own right, had to listen to daily telephone calls telling her what to do. "Her mother's influence on her, even in her waning years, was always more dominant and burdensome than people knew. Her voice was in Elizabeth's ear every day, planting doubts about decisions," Brown writes.  The Queen Mother had been married to a king who leant on her for support and could not get used to the fact that after her husband died when she was only 51, she no longer wielded any real power. Courtier Martin Charteris said to the new queen, as her mother's car rolled into the Buckingham Palace forecourt: "Here comes the problem." It was an assessment with which Philip agreed. After the King died, she was supposed to move out of the palace to Clarence House ("a horrid little house") but appeared reluctant, I understand. So the exasperated Philip resorted to the simple ruse of switching off the heating in her rooms. It was a hard, cold winter and pretty soon Her Maj was gone.  Another of my favourite anecdotes is about the occasion when Philip, forced against his will to wear the kilt for his first visit to Balmoral, dropped a curtsy to King George VI, his future fatherin-law. His Majesty was not amused. Ms Brown does not quite pin down the extraordinary friendship between Philip and Lady Penny Romsey, later Mountbatten, who travelled the country with him on carriage-driving competitions and was with him in his final months. The author can't quite decide what to make of it, but a fellow house-guest once told me firmly: "Separate but adjacent bedrooms." But the stories keep coming, thick and fast - many hilarious, others occasionally less so. Prince Andrew describing his wife the Duchess of York as "this fat cow" to someone he didn't even know is a case in point. Prince Charles with his "selfpitying paranoia about never being appreciated enough" complained that his life was "unbearable" when his office was the wrong temperature. And there are lovely untold vignettes of life behind palace doors. Peter Mandelson, the Labour cabinet minister, tells Charles frankly that fellow ministers find him "rather glum and dispirited". The Prince, records Ms Brown, is so unused to hearing the truth that afterwards he asks Camilla in tortured tones, "Is that true? Is that true?" "I don't think any of us can cope with you asking that question over and over again for the next month," comes the snippy reply.  Camilla comes out of the narrative as grounded, shrewd, charming and steely: "She is the horse whisperer of Charles's emotional needs... [she] knows how to dispense tough love with charm." What's refreshing about Ms Brown's approach to the royals is that she treats them as human beings while recognising their unique position in the world. She's often naughty but only occasionally derogatory - she describes royal chum the Marquess of Reading as "an upper-class bonehead," and Prince and Princess Michael of Kent as "a low-boil, money-grubbing embarrassment". The Duke of York as "a coroneted sleaze machine". But this book, a monumental undertaking, is witty, accomplished, sure, and never wrong. Royaholics, and I'm one, won't be able to live without it. The Palace Papers: Inside The House Of Windsor, The Truth and the Turmoil by Tina Brown (Century, £20) is out now. For free UK delivery, call Express Bookshop on 01872 562310 or order online via expressbook shop.com 