Erik ten Hag has made contact with Robin van Persie as he plans for the Manchester United job, reports say. The Ajax boss is the frontrunner to take over at Old Trafford, despite the club also admiring Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Loptegui and Luis Enrique. And he may be about to bring a Red Devils legend with him. Manchester United are set to start another new era this summer. And it’s Ten Hag who is poised to oversee their rebuild, with the Dutchman in pole position to secure the role after a second round of interviews conducted by John Murtough and Darren Fletcher. United admire the Ajax boss for his attacking style of play, with the 52-year-old working wonders throughout his five years in charge in Amsterdam. Now, the Mirror say Ten Hag has made contact with Van Persie about potentially working under him should a move to the Premier League materialise. Van Persie spent three years at United after signing from Arsenal in 2012, propelling the Red Devils to Premier League title glory during his first season at the helm. Ten Hag and Van Persie’s talks have been described as ‘informal’, but it’s stated the Ajax boss thinks the retired striker’s knowledge of the club would be ‘invaluable’. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The former United striker is said to be ‘tempted’ by the prospect of working in the Premier League again. However, his son Shaqueel has recently signed a contract with Feyenoord and they’re currently working together in the Dutch side’s youth set-up. And with his daughter one of the Netherlands’ biggest showjumping talents, that’s another factor he’ll reportedly take into account. United initially thought they’d have to pay just under £5million as compensation for the final 12 months of Ten Hag’s contract. But they can now trigger his release clause for the low sum of £1.68m instead, making him a bargain. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players United have also interviewed Pochettino, Lopetegui and Enrique - who are currently working at Paris Saint-Germain, Sevilla and Spain respectively. Yet they face competition to land Ten Hag, who is also the subject of offers from two other clubs. Ten Hag, providing he gets the job of re-awakening United from their post-Sir Alex Ferguson slumber, wants to build a team capable of competing for the Champions League. And he thinks he’s unable to do that at Ajax due to the turnover of players they have each and every year. He would like to raid the Dutch side, too, for two of their best players. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Antony is one star he’s earmarked as a potential signing, with the winger scoring 12 goals across all competitions this term. And, at centre-back, Ten Hag is ready to snap up Jurrien Timber - believing he can address the club’s issues at the back. Ten Hag was coy on United links when quizzed on the matter in midweek, though did admit they were a ‘great club’. “Everyone knows each other in the industry,” he said. “There are always talks with representatives from other clubs, that's normal. Manchester United is a great club with great fans. “But I can only repeat myself: My full focus is completely on Ajax! We are already planning for the new season.” And he also revealed he wouldn’t rule anything out when it comes to his future. “My focus is currently only on Ajax. But in football you never know,” he said. “I don't want to rule anything out. "If at some point I should decide to take the next step, I hope that people here will understand.”