The NBC's TODAY presenter said it was "interesting" to see Prince Harry refuse to address whether he missed his father Prince Charles or his brother Prince William. Ms Guthrie noted the snub as she commented on the Duke of Sussex's latest interview with her programme's co-presenter Hota Kotb. She said: "It's a fascinating conversation, I could listen all day to that.  "It's interesting what he said and what he didn't say." Ms Kotb agreed: "That's what I was thinking because, obviously, there are many issues with the family. "And he was willing to share some of those issues and a lot of it, he was kind of keeping close to him. There's a lot left to unpack." The NBC host asked Prince Harry whether he missed Prince Charles and Prince William as they spoke during an exclusive interview this week. He said: "For me, at the moment, I'm here focussed on these guys and their families and giving everything that I can, 120 percent to them, to ensure they have the experience of a lifetime. "That's my focus here, and then when I leave here, I get back and my focus is my family, who I miss massively." Prince Harry was escorted to The Netherlands by Meghan Markle, who however returned to their children Archie and Lilibet in California earlier this week. Before arriving in The Hague for the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games on Sunday, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stayed in the UK and visited the Queen at Windsor. READ MORE: Prince Harry interview: Duke boasts about his unique relationship with the Queen The meeting was brief and included a catch-up with Prince Charles which lasted only a few minutes, according to royal insiders. The Duke of Sussex had not seen the Queen in person since returning to the UK to attend the funeral of Prince Philip in April 2021. He had also stayed for two days in July last year to oversee the unveiling of a statue in tribute to Diana, Princess of Wales at Kensington Garden. Meghan Markle however did not return on either occasion as she was pregnant with the couple's daughter, Lilibet Diana, at the time. DON'T MISS: How Queen celebrated Silver, Golden, and Diamond Jubilees in pictures [REVEAL]Queen 'saving up her energy' for Platinum Jubilee events [REVEAL] Queen’s aides ‘worried’ as public may miss out on seeing monarch  [INSIGHT] Reports earlier this week also suggested the Duke and Duchess of Sussex might return to the UK later in the Spring to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Royal Family will mark Her Majesty's record-breaking milestone in a four-day weekend of celebrations. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle last appeared at a family event days before departing from the UK after stepping down in March 2020. They have since taken up residence in Montecito, California, with their two children.