Louise Minchin announced in June she would be stepping down from hosting BBC Breakfast, 20 years after first joining. Ahead of her last time on the show in September, the broadcaster shared the reason behind her decision to quit. The 53-year-old put it down to the early morning starts and also shared lockdown had given her a new perspective on life. At the time of her exit, Louise explained she was looking forward to spending time with her husband and their two children. But it appears she could be making an imminent return to viewers' screens in the near future. Louise took to Instagram where she took part in a candid Q&A with her loyal following yesterday. READ MORE: Helen Skelton announces heartbreaking split from husband Richie Myler Taking to her stories, the presenter spoke candidly in view of her 129,000 followers. A fan asked: "Any thoughts of coming back on TV in some capacity?" To which she replied: "Yes absolutely. If the right programme came up." Another fan quizzed: "Do you miss the Breakfast team?"  Louise admitted she missed the team on BBC but certainly not the early starting time. She commented: "Yes. But not the early mornings." The broadcaster has previously admitted she was "unsure" about quitting BBC Breakfast after two decades on the programme. Speaking on Her Spirit podcast, Louise admitted it took a long time to make a decision to leave the show. DON'T MISS... Michelle Dockery stuns in caped gown at Downton Abbey premiere[LATEST]Jameela Jamil quits Twitter after Elon Musk buys site for $44 billion[TWITTER]Carol Vorderman stuns fans with transformation 'Scruff to not scruff'[PICTURES] "It wasn’t just months, it was probably even longer than that," she explained. "In the end, my husband always said, 'There will be a moment.' And the moment was very specific because it had been going around my head so much." She added she felt "out of balance" in her life and wanted to explore what lay beyond BBC Breakfast, despite loving it so much. "In life, I’ve tried to be brave," Louise continued. "I don’t even know if it was the right decision – I think it was but sometimes you have to jump off the ferry and that was the time." Meanwhile, her former colleague of six years, Dan Walker, has also announced he has quit BBC Breakfast. The Strictly Come Dancing star, who has hosted BBC Breakfast since 2016, announced earlier this month he is leaving to join 5 News on Channel 5, replacing Sian Williams. The presenter will be lead anchor of the channel’s recently re-launched 5pm news bulletin. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.