In what appeared to be the start of a new initiative to punish the west for sanctions, Kremlin-controlled energy firm Gazprom warned the two countries it was stopping their gas supplies from this morning. It said it was cutting all gas to Poland and Bulgaria because both countries had refused to start paying for their supplies in roubles, the Russian currency. "The need for a new payment method was a result of unprecedented unfriendly steps in the economic sphere and the financial sector, which were taken against us by unfriendly countries," Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said. The threat was then apparently carried out this morning, with Gazprom issuing a statement in which the company said services would not be restored until payments were made in the Russian currency. The move saw European gas prices initially surge by 24 per cent, before falling back later to rises of between five and 10per cent. Poland, which borders Russia, quickly claimed it could manage the situation, by accessing gas from other sources. The country’s deputy foreign minister said Warsaw would be able to get by without Gazprom's gas. Marcin Przdacz explained that Poland had "taken some decisions many years ago to prepare for such a situation" and said that as a result "now there are options to get the gas from other partners," including the US and gulf nations. Mr Przydacz said his country had been preparing for the possibility Russia might limit gas exports by diversifying its supplies. "I'm pretty sure that we will manage to handle this," he said. He added that the suspension of supplies proved Moscow was "not a reliable partner in any kind of business" and urged other European nations like Germany to support a ban on Russian energy imports. Poland was already planning to stop importing Russian gas by the end of the year, when its long-term supply contract with Gazprom expires. But Polish state gas company PGNiG confirmed that Gazprom's supplies to the country had indeed been halted. PGNiG bought some 53per cent of its gas imports from Gazprom in the first quarter of this year, but authorities in Warsaw said it could still get gas from other sources. It described the suspension as a breach of contract, adding that the company would take steps to reinstate the gas supply. European Union Commission President Ursula von der Leyen called the move 'yet another attempt by Russia to use gas as an instrument of blackmail. This is unjustified and unacceptable.' But there was some confusion in Bulgaria. While Gazprom said supplies had been halted, authorities in the capital Sofia said that gas from Russia was continuing to flow for the time being. But Bulgaria, which relies on Gazprom for more than 90per cent of its gas supply, stressed that it too it had taken steps to find alternative sources. And it added that no restrictions on gas consumption were currently required. The country's energy ministry Temenuzhka Petkova explained that  Bulgaria had fulfilled its obligations under the current contract with Gazprom and made all required payments. Ms Petkova accused Gazprom of breach of contract and said Sofia would continue to follow the EU's position and pay for its supplies in euros. Ukraine also branded the action by Russia “gas (and heating) blackmail". It was just last month that Russian President Vladimir Putin first ordered what he described as "unfriendly" countries to pay for gas in roubles. Supplies from Russia account for about 40per cent of the EU's natural gas imports. However, many countries have pledged to move away from Russian energy in response to its invasion of Ukraine. The US has declared a complete ban on Russian oil, gas and coal imports. And the UK has announced it is to phase out Russian oil by the end of the year, with gas to follow as soon as possible, and the EU is reducing gas imports by two-thirds.