Formula One fans are doubtful of Max Verstappen’s ability to overcome Charles Leclerc in the race to win the Drivers’ Championship in 2022 despite the Red Bull driver’s success in Saudi Arabia. Verstappen won his first Grand Prix of the season two weeks ago, coming out on top in a thrilling battle with Ferrari’s Leclerc. Ferrari have emerged as a relatively surprising contender for wins in 2022, capitalising on issues at Red Bull and Mercedes. Leclerc won the season opener at the Bahrain Grand Prix and then went toe-to-toe with Verstappen in Saudi Arabia. With Mercedes pair Lewis Hamilton and George Russell struggling for performance, another tight contest between Verstappen and Leclerc could be the main story at the Australian Grand Prix this weekend. However, Express Sport readers are unsure about the 2021 world champion’s ability to come out on top. In an exclusive Express Sport poll, 57 per cent of 10,210 voters do not think Verstappen will beat Leclerc to the world championship. The 24-year-old got the better of Hamilton to win in 2021 but his rivalry with Leclerc has a slightly different dynamic.    Verstappen does, though, have the backing of 43 per-cent of readers, who think he will claim successive world champions. That is presuming Hamilton will not force his way back into the debate. Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has praised the racing between the pair, who have known each other from a young age. “I think you're seeing two fantastic young drivers that have raced each other probably from when they were about 10 or 11 going head-to-head in two very competitive Formula 1 cars,” Horner told Sky Sports last week. “The racing in these first two races has been phenomenal. You can see there's a respect between the two of them and these cars seem to be easier to follow and race each other with. The sample from the first two races has been really exciting.”   DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton has two chances to break another F1 record this yearF1 chief Rob Smedley eases Lewis Hamilton fears with clear warningHamilton was ‘very keen’ to join Red Bull and proved Horner wrong Mercedes and seven-times world champion Hamilton have endured performance issues at the start of the season. but Horner believes the Silver Arrows will soon improve, adding: “Racing Ferrari is always slightly different. “They're such a long-standing team in Formula 1 and it's not perhaps some of the animosities that had grown between our other rivals.  They're a great team, they've got great drivers. “Mercedes are going to be bouncing back soon, I've got no doubt about that. We have to focus on ourselves and keep evolving and developing this car.”