There will astonishment and dismay in capitals across Europe if Marine Le Pen, who leads the successor party to the National Front, gains enough momentum to overtake Mr Macron in today’s run-off election. Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen’s chances of success are expected to hinge on whether they can win the backing of voters who supported knocked-out Left-wing candidates such as Jean-Luc Melenchon, who was narrowly beaten into third place. Political analysts said the election should be seen as a “wake-up call” for the EU establishment but predicted elites would fail to respond to this “serious warning”. Jonathan Eyal, director of international security studies at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI), said more than half of people in the first round of voting had backed candidates on the hard Left and hard Right who are “against the European Union as currently constituted”. He said: “That is a serious warning. [The] French political system has completely melted down. “And what you have is a political system that is largely occupied by the extremes.” Dr Eyal doubts that the EU establishment will heed the lessons of French election, predicting a common response will be: “Hallelujah, Macron won. Let’s move on – end of story; we don’t need to worry about it for the next five years.” He warned: “They do need to worry about it because it is not sustainable, this sort of enormous political void in the centre of French politics.” Joseph Downing, an expert in French politics at Aston University, also doubted that the election would force reform at the heart of Europe, saying EU institutions “seem impervious to any kind of wake-up call”. He said: “If the absolute catastrophe, for them, if Brexit was not a wake-up call, this election won’t be either. [They] seem to be unable to react or to adapt or to reform in the face of Eurosceptic voices.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “If Melenchon and Le Pen can take more than 40 percent, combined, of first-round votes in the heart of Europe, [that] should be a massive wake-up call in Brussels but it won’t be because they don’t seem capable of self-reflection in that way.” Dr Downing was impressed by how Mr Macron, who until recently had been criticised for running a lacklustre campaign, performed in his head-to-head debate on Wednesday with Ms Le Pen. A snap poll suggested 59 percent of viewers thought Mr Macron emerged the winner. He said: “I’ve got to say, he pulled it off. He delivered a masterclass in how to debate... “It was actually quite a shock to see just how intelligent and articulate the guy really is. [He] was relentless.” As Mr Macron pursues a majority, he said, he is “chasing the Left”, hoping to win the backing of people who supported Mr Melenchon, the socialists and the Communists.  A key question is whether these Left-wing voters will vote for Mr Macron, a centrist with a background in banking, in order to keep Ms Le Pen out of the Élysée Palace. In his 2017 face-off with Ms Le Pen, Mr Macron was able to win more two-thirds of the vote, but there is strong speculation many people will abstain this time. Dr Downing said: “I’ve been concerned for some time about how often the rallying call of ‘save France from the far Right’ will work because it’s the third time now and each time I think voters are becoming more cynical about that claim." Former Labour foreign minister Kim Howells said the collapse of the traditional main parties of the Left and the Right – which each polled less than five percent – was “absolutely startling”. Commenting on the rise of extreme parties in Europe, he said he was “immensely grateful” that while the UK is home to “plenty of nutters we don’t have a powerful ultra-right-wing or ultra-left-wing party”. He said: “I can’t see any degree of normality returning to French politics.” 