ITV host Bradley Walsh was joined on the celebrity season eight repeat special by actor Perry Fenwick, comedian Jenny Eclair and TV presenters Ore Oduba and Richard Madeley. Airing on Saturday, April 2 three celebrities made it to the final chase but came unstuck at the last second, with the host remarking they only "needed one" more question to win big.   Game show frontman Bradley thought he was onto something with his celebrity panel when they managed to bank an impressive £90,000. EastEnders Perry was first up and sailed through, securing £7,000 from his round. Next up was Jenny, who listened to Richard's encouragement to "take the higher offer" and when she asked the audience what she should do, they all agreed with the former This Morning star. She went big but sadly went home when she was caught by Anne "The Governess" Hegerty. Ore followed the Billy Mitchell star and banked £7,000 in the cash builder. Broadcaster Richard had encouraged each contestant to go for the higher offer, and the female quiz master heard his taunts. Also wracking up £7,000 in the cash builder, she offered him a whopping £76,000, which he jumped at. Richard reminisced over his career while talking to Bradley about the game shows he has both hosted and appeared on, stating that he "had never won" one. With £7,000 safely in his pocket, he asked his teammates, and they both agreed he should go higher. Ore replied: "Only one way to go", and Perry added: "You have said from the off [that you would go high]." Bradley asked if his presenter wife, Judy Madeley, had offered any advice, and he answered: "Yes, don't go for the high figure." Managing to stay ahead of The Governess, his high offer total took the team up to an impressive £90,000. DON’T MISS…‘It is his choice’ Giovanni Pernice reacts to Aljaž's decision to quit Strictly [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin heartbroken as Toyah Battersby adopts baby Alfie [SPOILERS]'No end to his ghastliness?' Lorraine Kelly blasts Prince Andrew over 'fraudster' claims [LATEST]   Anne said: "[That was] very impressive indeed. "There was no way I could have caught you." Bradley praised the team, who bagged 19 questions in the final Chase. Not going down without a fight Anne gave them a run for their money.  