According to one body language expert, there may be similarities between both women in technique, such as touch, absorption levels, mirroring, and empathy signals. But, Judi James stressed, “overlaying two very different types of personal charisma”. Judi continued: “The science of sensation, for example, the way each woman would have made people feel, is important and difficult to imagine without the full impact of context. “Diana was the first royal who looked as though she genuinely liked the people she was meeting on a shared, personal level. “For other royals the sense of duty had always suggested superiority, distance and separation. “They had better, charmed lives in luxury palaces but their sense of duty prompted them to come out and visit their public.” READ MORE: Beatrice wears £370 hat to service with Eugenie in £1,695 floral dress Diana made headlines at the time for the way she interacted with locals in other countries, hugging them and holding their hands. Judi claimed: “Diana, who was little more than a girl when she married, was felt to be isolated in those palaces and always looked as though she had been set free to meet her real ‘family’ when she paid her visits. “It was why people felt they really knew her and why they felt a genuine friend had gone when she died. “People wanted to shower her with love and affection and that sentiment appeared to be mutual.”  Referring to the rarity of royals being tactile with others at that time, Judi continued: “Diana was also busy breaking through barriers and traditions when she made these appearances. “Royals rarely touched or hugged the public and they very rarely used a body language technique known as mirroring, which is changing their state to create rapport and imply empathy.” Therefore, Diana set the tone for Kate, who had a role model to look up to when entering the Royal Family. Judi continued: “For Kate these barriers had been broken many years before and then more recently and impressively, by Diana’s son Harry and his wife. “Kate’s body language might be so similar to Diana’s but it is now expected, rather than revolutionary. “Diana was pushing the boundaries, but Kate keeps within the rules by doing the same things.” Judi went on to further highlight the differences between the two women, saying: “Looking at the faces of the crowds that greet Diana here there seems to be a feeling that she belonged to them, while Kate clearly belongs with William and the rest of the royal Firm that she is now so well established into. “Diana looked like the rescuer who needed rescuing. “She had her own frailties and sadness which created strong bonds when she met people in hospital and victims of war. “She also had little if any sense of inhibition when it came to touching and nurturing, possibly partly thanks to her experience working with small children before her marriage. “We can see her eye contact and the way she places a tender hand on a child’s cheek while carrying the girl’s crutch like a visiting relative.” However, Judi noted that Kate too seemed to know how to act around young children during the royal tour. She said: “Both women bend to the lowest crouch to greet small children, sitting on their own heels and offering total attention signals to make the children feel important and to create good connections. “Both often use touch or hand-holding to retain the child’s attention while also offering reassurance. “They both use facial expressions of concerned listening when necessary and can convert to a more playful, happy smile when appropriate. “Kate is also happy to pose for this selfie and it would be hard to imagine the number of happy selfies that Diana would have taken part in had she lived long enough to experience them,” the body language expert added.