Disney+ (pronounced "Disney Plus") is home to a wealth of shows and movies – from blockbuster Marvel movies, animated Walt Disney classics, exclusive TV shows set within the Star Wars universe, and award-winning documentaries. There's plenty to binge-watch on the streaming service. However, Disney rarely drops the monthly cost of this popular streaming service, which costs £7.99 a month. Fortunately, there are a few tricks and deals out there to unlock a discount on the Netflix rival. Express.co.uk has brought together everything you need to know to get the best Disney+ deal in the UK today... While Disney+ doesn't offer a discount on its monthly plans, those who opt for an annual subscription do secure a discount of £15.98. In other words, you'll be getting two months of your subscription for free compared to those who pay each month. That's a pretty stellar deal. In total, Disney charges £79.90 a year for its 12-month Disney+ plan. But there's another bonus of opting for this deal – buying an annual subscription to Disney+ means you'll be shielded from any price rises that occur during the following year. That's because you've paid in advance, rather than on a rolling monthly basis. This has already happened once in the short time since Disney+ launched in the UK back in March 2020. The following year, Disney introduced its new Star brand, which is aimed at an older demographic than some of the other sub-brands within Disney+, like Pixar. With the arrival of 270 films and 75 boxsets, Disney decided to increase the monthly cost for all subscribers from £5.99 to £7.99. However, those who bought an annual plan ahead of the price rise were able to avoid the extra cost for almost an entire year! If you shop at Tesco, you can trade your Clubcard points for a free subscription to Disney+. From today until April 29, Disney has doubled the length of the free subscription from three months to six months. The six-month subscription code will cost you £8 in Clubcard vouchers. Crucially, if you don't have enough vouchers, you won't be able to pay the £8 in cash to unlock the deal – it has to be Clubcard points, which is bad news for those who don't own a Clubcard or who shop at a different supermarket chain. O2 customers can enjoy some stellar deals on Disney+ right now. If you're looking to buy a new smartphone or upgrade to a new SIM-only plan, you can claim a six-month subscription to Disney+ for free. O2 offers a range of free subscriptions to new customers or existing users who take out a new plan, including Amazon Music, Prime Video and Audible. You'll need to select Disney+ when presented with the list of O2 Extras during the checkout process. This deal is available on the most popular smartphones available today, including the latest iPhone, Samsung Galaxy, and many more. You can shop the full range here. If you're already with O2, and not looking to buy a new handset or SIM plan anytime soon, you can still enjoy a discount. If you add Disney+ to your current plan within the My O2 account settings, the subscription fee (£7.99) will be included as part of your monthly direct debit for your pay monthly smartphone deal or SIM plan. However, O2 will discount your bill by £2 each month just for linking your Disney+ subscription to your O2 account. That means you'll be getting Disney+ for £5.99 a month. And that £2 a month discount isn't limited to the same six-month promotional period as the free subscription, either. As explained in the small-print on O2's website "we’ll give you £2 off your bill each month for as long as you keep the paid Disney+ Extra". That makes it a slightly better deal than buying an extra subscription direct from Disney+, although of course, if you're not already with O2, you'll need to calculate whether you'll be able to get the same deal on your phone bill as your current provider. Disney+ is a video on-demand service that was launched by the House Of Mouse to compete with the likes of Netflix and Prime Video. It made its debut in the United States, Canada and Netherlands at midnight on November 12, 2019. It was followed by an expansion to Australia, New Zealand, and Puerto Rico on November 19 and across Europe and the UK in March 2020. Disney+ is currently available in 60 nations around the globe, with plans to expand to 42 new counties by the end of summer 2022. For comparison, Netflix is now available in 190 countries worldwide. When the US streaming service rolled out across the globe back in 2016, expanding from 60 countries to 190 nations in one fell swoop, CEO Reed Hastings announced that it was "the birth of a new global Internet TV network". Disney+ brings together a wealth of content owned by the Walt Disney Company, including the feature-length animated films that its brand is most associated with, like Snow White and The Seven Dwarfs, The Jungle Book, The Lion King, Sleeping Beauty, films and shorts from Pixar Studios (acquired by Walt Disney in 2006), such as Toy Story, Wall-E, The Incredibles, Finding Nemo, and more. It also bundles every entry in the Star Wars saga, which became part of Walt Disney following its acquisition of George Lucas' Lucasfilm firm back in October 2012 for $4 billion, as well as exclusive new entries, like the award-winning The Mandalorian and upcoming Obi-Wan Kenobi. The Simpsons, which came under the ownership of Walt Disney when it bought most assets from 20th Century Fox – including the likes of Alien, Die Hard, The X Files, Avatar, X-Men, Ice Age, Independence Day, Family Guy, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, American Horror Story, Prison Break, to name a few – in December 2017 is also available in its entirety, including all-new episodes when they air in the US. The other blockbusters and series from the 20the Century Fox deal, including a number of those listed above, are now available on Disney+ under the banner of sub-brand Star. Disney+ also includes all entries in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, or MCU, which has been owned and operated by Walt Disney since 2009. As well as the 27 film instalments in the ongoing saga, which includes some of the biggest blockbuster hits of all time – like Avengers: Endgame, Avengers: Infinity War, Spider-Man: No Way Home, and The Avengers, which have all cracked the top ten biggest grossing films in the history of cinema, Disney+ is the exclusive home to a number of new series set in the same universe. Shows like WandaVision, Loki, Hawkeye, and Moon Knight are already available to stream, with new entries in the pipeline like Ms. Marvel, She-Hulk, and Secret Invasion. Boxsets that were created in collaboration with Netflix, like Jessica Jones, Daredevil, and Iron Fist, have vanished from the rival streaming service and found a new home on Disney+. Rounding out the selection on Disney+ is National Geographic, which hosts a number of its most popular and critically-acclaimed shows and films, including Free Solo, The Rescue, and Cosmos. A number of new shows, developed for Disney+, have also appeared under the National Geographic banner, like The World According to Jeff Goldblum. Despite launching a few years ago, Disney+ has built-up an enviable library of shows and movies that you cannot watch anywhere else. Excitingly, Walt Disney CEO Bob Chapek has confirmed that it plans to add much more content to the streaming service in the coming months and years. Delays to productions due to the Covid-19 pandemic had slowed the arrival of a number of projects commissioned for Disney+, however, the company has now achieved its internal goal of launching at least one new title on the streamer every week. And starting from next year, Disney+ will double its production output, CEO Bob Chapek revealed. There's already plenty on the horizon to get excited about. Disney+ has announced an impressive slate of titles for the next few months. Here's what we know is coming to the streaming service in the coming weeks...