The first-ever fully private crewed mission to the International Space Station (ISS) will have to wait a little longer before they can return to Earth. The four-man crew had been due to unlock from the ISS this morning, but adverse weather conditions at the splashdown location means they will now begin their return at 2am GMT on Wednesday morning. In an historic first, three paying passengers travelled to the ISS alongside a former NASA astronaut serving as commander, as part of commercial spaceflight company Axiom Space’s inaugural mission. The quartet are riding in a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, and docking at the ISS via a SpaceX Dragon capsule. Elon Musk’s company became the first private company to send astronauts to orbit and to the ISS, while the Axiom mission is the inaugural mission with four civilians. He is the world’s richest man according to the Forbes billionaires list, and has enjoyed a colourful life away from his multiple business ventures. He met his first wife, Canadian author Justine Wilson, while attending Queen’s University in Ontario, and the couple married in 2000. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: 'Unknown chemical' released by Russian soldiers They divorced in 2008 and share custody of their five sons. Justine previously opened up on their relationship and the way she claimed he mistreated her in a 2010 article for Marie Claire. She wrote: “As we danced at our wedding reception, Elon told me, ‘I am the alpha in this relationship.’ “I shrugged it off, just as I would later shrug off signing the postnuptial agreement, but as time went on, I learned that he was serious.” She continued: “Elon's judgement overruled mine, and he was constantly remarking on the ways he found me lacking. “‘I am your wife,’ I told him repeatedly, ‘not your employee.’ “‘If you were my employee,’ he said just as often, ‘I would fire you.’” Justine said that while she led a “privileged and surreal” lifestyle, this could not disguise a “growing void at the core”. DON'T MISS:Putin's mouthpiece claims UK ready to launch nuclear strike on Russia [QUOTES]Putin dealt devastating blow as 200,000 to lose jobs [NEW]'Kremlin enablers' infiltrating Georgia [EXCLUSIVE] She recalled: “Elon was obsessed with his work: When he was home, his mind was elsewhere. “I longed for deep and heartfelt conversations, for intimacy and empathy.” She added: “I had turned into a trophy wife — and I sucked at it. “I wasn't detail-oriented enough to maintain a perfect house or be a perfect hostess. “I could no longer hide my boredom when the men talked and the women smiled and listened. “I wasn't interested in Botox or makeup or reducing the appearance of the scars from my C-sections.” Justine said she and Elon tried marriage counselling, but her husband “was running two companies and carrying a planet of stress”. Attempts to save the marriage ultimately failed within a month, and Elon, she claimed, issued her with an ultimatum. Justine recalled: “Either we fix this marriage today or I will divorce you tomorrow, by which I understood he meant, Our status quo works for me, so it should work for you. “He filed for divorce the next morning. I felt numb, but strangely relieved.” The couple went their separate ways in 2008, and the SpaceX CEO was engaged to actress Talulah Riley just six weeks after the divorce papers were delivered. Elon and Talulah married in 2010, divorced in 2012, remarried in 2013, and divorced for a second time in 2016. He then dated actress Amber Heard for several months in 2018, before he began dating Canadian musician Grimes. The couple have had two children together — a son called X AE A-XII Musk, with X as his first name, and a daughter called Exa Dark Sideræl Musk, nicknamed Y.