Netflix's hit fantasy series The Witcher left fans on the edge of their seats with its season two cliffhanger and thankfully for fans, the network has delivered a major update. The series led by Henry Cavill has finally begun filming for its upcoming third season.  After coming to a close at the end of 2021, fans will soon have their questions answered when The Witcher returns for season three. Netflix confirmed the beloved cast were back together and reunited on set with a behind the scenes photo. The fan favourites Geralt of Rivia (Henry Cavill), Yennefer of Vengerberg (Anya Chalotra) and Princess Cirilla of Cintra (Freya Allan) were pictured while they sat together on set. The snap was taken on the very first day of production and as the only photo released by Netflix, the show had begun filming with the leading cast. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... The photo didn’t reveal any clues about season three, as the trio sat in production chairs with their backs to the camera. The snap was taken on a white, snowy field, with the crew off to the side preparing for their next shot. The series shared a brief summary, which read: “As monarchs, mages, and beasts of the Continent compete to capture her, Geralt takes Ciri of Cintra into hiding, determined to protect his newly-reunited family against those who threaten to destroy it. “Entrusted with Ciri’s magical training, Yennefer leads them to the protected fortress of Aretuza, where she hopes to discover more about the girl’s untapped powers; “Instead, they discover they’ve landed in a battlefield of political corruption, dark magic, and treachery. They must fight back, put everything on the line — or risk losing each other forever.” As well as being an acclaimed TV show, The Witcher is also the on screen adaptation of a series of novels by the same name written by Andrzej Sapkowski. Even fans who have read the books were left stunned after the season two finale, as the series picked up a surprise new storyline away from the original plot. Viewers will recall Yennefer had made a deal with the Deathless Mother, Voleth Meir (Ania Marson) to restore her magic, but didn’t realise she was falling into a trap. DON'T MISS...The Witcher season 3 release: Netflix boss shares major filming update [INSIGHT]The Witcher star defends 'necessary' season 2 death after backlash [REACTION]The Witcher showrunner admits biggest regret from Netflix series [INSIGHT] Ciri had also become possessed after inhaling a red-glowing substance which enabled Voleth Meir to control her body. Though Yennefer had changed her mind and tried to do the right thing, she was far too late. Havoc ensued as Ciri began to kill members of Kaer Morhen, though many including Geralt tried to stop her. As a result, the possessed princess summoned an army of reptiles. As the fighting continued Yennefer made a potion which successfully separated Ciri from Voleth Meir however it then went into Yennefer as she had sacrificed herself. Later Voleth travelled through a portal while the others discovered another realm where a man on a horse told them: “Join the Elder Blood, starry-eyed daughter of chaos. Join our hunt. Your place is among us.” The upcoming season three is expected to explore this further as well as the potential return of Voleth. A new spin-off series, The Witcher: Blood Origin has been teased to be released this year and will take place 1,300 years before Geralt’s adventures. Its storyline will explore the first-ever Witcher and follow the Conjunction of the Spheres. The Witcher is available on Netflix. 