Manchester United midfielder Andreas Pereira could see his move from the Red Devils to Flamengo derailed, according to reports. The Brazilian midfielder was sent on loan to the South American giants at the start of the season after falling out of favour under then manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Pereira found himself behind the likes of Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba in the Reds’ pecking order at the start of the current campaign. With first team opportunities appearing slim at Old Trafford, Pereira was sent on his second consecutive loan spell by United. The 26-year-old was loaned to Serie A giants Lazio in the preceding campaign, where he contributed one goal and four assists in 33 appearances for the Italian giants. However, any opportunities of forcing his way into first team contention at Old Trafford appear to be rather slim. Pereira had repeatedly expressed a desire to remain with the Brazilian side when his temporary spell comes to an end. However, his wish may not be granted as Flamengo are yet to secure a deal with United. JUST IN: West Ham's Manuel Lanzini survives 'car crash' as firefighters called Reports from ESPN understand the Rio De Janeiro side are still in negotiations with United over a permanent deal for Pereira. A fee believed to be around £10million was understood to have been agreed between the two sides. Flamengo reportedly have an option to sign Pereira at the end of the campaign as part of the agreement they made with United at the start of the season. But while a deal may have been agreed, Flamengo will still need to stump up around £17m if they are to affirm a deal for the midfielder. DON'T MISS...Philippe Coutinho 'not even contemplating' Newcastle move18,000 sign petition to stop Ricketts family buying ChelseaArsenal receive Nunez transfer boost as Benfica slash price in half However, clubs from La Liga and the Eredivisie could yet make a late move for the midfielder. Pereira has previously impressed while on loan at Spanish giants Granada and Valencia when he was still trying to force his way into first team contention under Jose Mourinho. But Pereira has already affirmed a desire to secure a permanent move to Flamengo at the end of the season. After making a decisive mistake in the Copa Liberatadores final against Palmeiras, Pereira said in an interview that he will remain at the club until they “win the next one”. He stated: “You can count on me, I’ll stay here until we win the next one,” shortly after the contest. Pereira also went on to suggest that the Copa Liberatadores was the main title he wants to win. Unfortunately for him, his hopes of avenging his crucial mistake continue to hang in the balance. Pereira’s current deal at Old Trafford expires in 2023, meaning there is still time for the Reds to sell him for a sizeable fee.