Naga Munchetty, 47, has excited her fans as she took to running again after previously injuring herself exercising last year. The BBC Breakfast star shared her accomplishment on Instagram, warning her followers that "injuries do take time to recover from". Naga took to Instagram to share a sweaty selfie earlier today as she returned from her 5km run. She captioned the post in view of her 52,600 followers: "It's been a while since I've been able to run 5k non-stop. Injuries take time to recover from. "Patience isn't a virtue of mine. Feels good to get back on the road to fitness. Happy Sunday." Many social media users took to the post's comments to congratulate the presenter on her accomplishment and share their sympathy regarding her lengthy recovery. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams claims Prince Harry is ‘protecting' the Queen Creggmeister said: "Brilliant, well done! It's not too hard getting back after an injury." Royllowarch added: "Lovely to see you this morning Naga. Well done getting back out running! "But be careful if it was a knee injury honey! You are looking very fit." Butlerpaddy commented: "Patience, courage and perseverance is what you exemplify, well done!" Naga's injury came after she rushed back to the gym when Covid restrictions began to ease last year. The BBC Breakfast presenter then confessed to Gethin Jones on Morning Live the details of what she had done. Naga said: "I love running! But I've got Achilles tendinitis and I've dislocated my knee. There’s a couple of injuries." As a result, a smiling Gethin teased: "You’re falling apart, Naga!" DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [INSIGHT] A Place in the Sun Laura Hamilton, 40, shares snaps of birthday party [INSTAGRAM] Demi Rose flaunts her jaw-dropping curves in diamanté bodysuit [PICS] Achilles tendinitis is an injury caused by overuse of the Achilles tendon, resulting in extremely painful and inflamed muscles. In other Naga news, the BBC Breakfast presenter was recently supported by co-star Carol Kirkwood after sharing her experience with IUD, a contraceptive device also known as the coil. In a video on BBC Radio 5 Live’s account, Naga described how her “screams were so loud” her husband was rushing around the doctor's, trying to work out which room she was in. The powerful interview has now been nominated for an award, Naga explained on Twitter. Quote-tweeting the video clip from June 2021, the journalist wrote: “This has been nominated for ‘Radio Times Moment Of The Year’. “So proud of the work our @bbc5live team put into this important subject to be aired.” To this, weathercaster Carol showed her support with a love heart emoji and kisses in the replies. According to the NHS website, an IUD is a small T-shaped plastic and copper device that's put into the womb by a doctor or nurse. The device releases copper to prevent pregnancy and is efficient for five to 10 years.