TV personality Piers Morgan has spoken out after it was revealed that a transgender woman has been called up to the England Universities Sport Women’s squad. The 57-year-old has not shied away from sharing his views on transgender athletes previously. It was announced last week that Hastings United goalkeeper Blair Hamilton, who was born a male but identifies as a woman, has been selected by England head coach Rebecca Sawiuk. Blair is a PhD student at the University of Brighton, having previously studied exercise and health at Aberdeen University. The 32-year-old also played for its men’s football team. Blair has impressed at East Sussex side Hastings so far this season, with her performances giving her a good chance of featuring in the England team’s matches in a few weeks’ time. But Morgan has tweeted his fury at the news, saying: “I don’t need to ponder it, this is obviously unfair to biological female footballers, at least one of whom won’t now play for England because a previously very average male footballer is now an international women’s player. Ridiculous.” JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard labelled a 'fool doing nothing' The tweet received over a thousand likes, with many sharing their views on the announcement. Hastings were, of course, ecstatic with the news though, tweeting: “The ‘U’s are delighted to announce Blair Hamilton has been selected for the England Universities Women’s squad.” But Morgan was not the only person to reveal their disagreement with the call-up. Maya Forstater of Sex Matters – a group that campaigns for clarity regarding women-only spaces - said: “Women will lose out from being on the squad and will also potentially be put under pressure not to speak up on it.” Blair is reportedly a lead investigator of the Tavistock Transgender Athlete Study, the NHS’s gender identity development service. A personal profile page on the University of Brighton website says that she is looking into ‘the effects of testosterone suppression or supplementation on the athletic performance of transgender athletes’. Hastings chairman Billy Wood has spoken about how playing Blair’s inclusion in the England squad could cause uproar, he said: “It's a touchy subject, but Blair's not one that shies away [from controversy]. And nor are we as a football club.” But Morgan isn't the only one who disagrees with biological males competing in female sporting events, Prime Minister Boris Johnson recently spoke on the matter, he said: "I don't think biological males should be competing in female sporting events. Maybe that's a controversial thing to say, but it just seems to me to be sensible. "I also happen to think that women should have spaces - whether it's in hospitals, prison or changing rooms - which are dedicated to women. That's as far as my thinking has developed on this issue. If that puts me in conflict with some others, then we have got to work it all out"