Emergency services were called to the collision on the southbound carriageway between junction six for Horwich and junction five for Bolton. National Highways: North-West said on Twitter at around 9.22am: “Traffic has been STOPPED on the #M61 southbound between J6 (#Middlebrook) and J5 (for #Bolton) due to a multi-vehicle collision. “Emergency services are in attendance. Congestion is building on approach.” They also clarified this is a separate incident to that which occurred at 4am between Junctions five and four. Traffic alert service Inrix reported: "All traffic being temporarily held and stationary traffic due to accident on M61 Southbound at J6 A6027 De Havilland Way (Horwich). “Accident has occurred within the delays caused by the spillage between J5 and J4." "Two lanes closed, long delays and queueing traffic for four miles due to spillage of hydraulic fluid on M61 Southbound between J5 A58 Snydale Way (Westhoughton) and J4 A6 Watergate Lane (Farnworth). “Congestion to J6 (Horwich). Also seeing delays along the A6 towards Four Lane Ends and along Chorley New Road from Horwich towards the Beehive Roundabout as traffic avoids the motorway. Travel time is around 30 minutes." Traffic was released at around 9.51am, with National Highways saying: “This incident is now all on the hard shoulder, and traffic has been released on the #M61 southbound between J6 (#Middlebrook) and J5 (for #Bolton). All lanes are open. “Delays remain in the area, but should now start to ease. Thanks for your patience if you were held up.” Social media users reported a “big smash”, with user @hanneman9001 saying: “Big smash on M61 southbound just before junction 7 for anyone wondering why the big queue. Hope everyone involved are ok.” It is the second crash to hit the stretch of motorway following an incident earlier this morning. National Highways said at 6.35am: “Two lanes (of three) are closed on the #M61 southbound between J5 (for #Bolton) and J4 due to a collision which has resulted in a significant hydraulic fluid spillage. “It is likely that the road surface will need resurfacing. There is just over two miles of congestion on approach. At 10.11am, National Highways issued an update and said: “Two lanes (of three) remain closed on the #M61 southbound between J5 (for #Bolton) & J4 due to a hydraulic fluid spillage following a collision in the early hours of the morning. “Assessments are being made for repairs/resurfacing. There's 2.5 miles of congestion on approach.”