Ozark season four, part two arrives on Netflix on April 29 and fans are keen to see if Ruth Langmore (played by Julia Garner) will get her revenge. The fourth outing turns its attention to Ruth as she left the Byrde family to go in pursuit of antagonist Javi (Alfonso Herrera). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether there will be a season five. Ozark has kept fans hooked since it first launched back in 2017 and the crime drama has received countless award nominations. The show's global success comes as no surprise as it has left viewers on the edge of their seats with shocking twists and turns. The stellar cast is also the driving force behind the show's positive reviews. With this in mind, fans are keen to know whether there will ever be a fifth instalment. READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' Sadly, the latest batch of episodes marks the end of the road for the Byrde family. Marty Byrde actor Jason Bateman confirmed there will not be a season five, leaving many fans heartbroken. Yet no Netflix series can last forever, and the cast and crew felt it was the right time to bring the story to an end. In 2020 when the season four announcement was made, showrunner Chris Mundy said: "We’re so happy Netflix recognized the importance of giving Ozark more time to end the Byrdes’ saga right. "It’s been such a great adventure for all of us — both on screen and off — so we’re thrilled to get the chance to bring it home in the most fulfilling way possible." Ahead of the release of the finale, in April 2022, Bateman appeared on the Tonight Show to discuss the finale. Speaking to Jimmy Fallon he said he does not usually get asked to reveal spoilers to fans. He joked: "No one really tries to get the spoilers out, but I do like to just go ahead and offer them. "I was actually watching a cut of one of the scenes, I was working with the editor. "I was watching on the computer and Amanda, my wife, walked in and she was talking to me. DON'T MISS... 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry[INTERVIEW] Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy[THEORY] Ozark's Ruth Langmore meets rapper Killer Mike in part 2 preview clip[VIDEO] "She looks and she watched one of the characters die and she was like god d-" He did not specify whether the spoilers were from the final few episodes. The star said he started the Ozark journey about six years ago and it has been a huge part of his life. The seven-episode part two will reveal whether any of the Byrdes live to tell their unbelievable story. Viewers are hoping Ruth gets justice as she has lost so much along the way. Marty is starting to feel guilty as he is the cause of the deaths of her beloved family. Bateman opened up about what to expect, saying: "With the final season, the whole thing was like, ‘Well, how are we gonna end it?’ "Should the Byrde family pay a bill, you know? Like, should they get away with it? Should they not?” “Hopefully, the audience will think, ‘Ah, they’ve kind of threaded the needle between a happy ending, but they’re limping’.”  Ozark seasons 1-4 are on Netflix now, the second part of season 4 airs on April 29.