The 15th season of Britain's Got Talent premiered Saturday, April 16, and fans were excited to see the show's presenters and judges again. Due to the pandemic, the last season aired in 2020 and now back in its primetime spot, many viewers took to social media within seconds of the show starting to say how grateful they were for its return. Judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon returned to Britain's Got Talent, as did co-hosts Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly Simon's 2022 Britain's Got Talent look whipped fans up into a frenzy online. Simon Cowell has recently sworn off facial fillers and has been working on living a healthy lifestyle by eating well and drinking a lot of water. @Matts_Tweeting said: "Simon looks a lot more healthy now than the last time he was on TV #bgt." Read More: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ after TV exit decision    @JonCAustin added: "Simon Cowell and Amanda look amazing, how do they do it?" Loyal viewer @JennySunshine61 was delighted the show was back and said: "Can’t believe how happy I feel seeing #BGT back on our TV - no masks, full audience, David, Aleisha, Amanda and Simon!! And brilliant acts too I’m in heaven xx. "The world must be back to normal Happy Saturday everyone." (sic) However, not everyone was a fan, @becikrievens commented: "Simon just looks like he’d rather be anywhere else than on that panel #BGT."  The show's first quick change human act featured a Simon lookalike which prompted @RMufc20 to comment: "Simon Cowells double looks more like Simon then the real Simon does #BGT." (sic) @Erdogan44 remarked: "Simon Cowell looks awful these days... #BritainsGotTalent." The mogul had previously admitted he might have gone a bit overboard with fillers in the past. He said: "There was a stage where I might have gone a bit too far." DON’T MISS…Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames Abi in drugs twist [THEORY]Simon Cowell labels fellow Britain's Got Talent judge David Walliams 'desperate' [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass forced to turn killer again after Rick discovery[THEORY]  Talking to The Sun, he showed his eight-year-old son Eric a younger photo of himself and described: "I saw a picture of me from ‘before’ the other day, and didn’t recognise it as me first of all. “Eric was in hysterics. Enough was enough. There is no filler in my face at all now. Zero." Now 62, for his 60th birthday, the star had a £2,000, non-surgical procedure that involved “sewing bioplastic-infused thread” into the face to give a more lifted appearance. The new season's premiere episode was full of comedy, dancing, failed acts, and spooky encounters.  Fans were treated to four young daredevils who performed stunts on scooters and, despite a fall, went on to get a 'yes' from the entire panel. Singer and father Nick Edwards was surprised by his family, and after a spur of the moment performance, he reduced Dec to tears. Other acts included Titan the Robot, Matricks Illusion and singer Loren Allred who received the golden buzzer from Amanda. Loren sang the hit song Never Enough from the smash-hit movie The Greatest Showman and performed the song live on BGT. Britain's Got Talent continues on Sunday, April 17, at 7.35 pm on ITV and is available on ITV Hub 