ABC’s police procedural series The Rookie follows the professional and personal lives of its LAPD cops. As viewers await the upcoming episode, many should prepare to potentially say goodbye to a fan favourite couple, as the promo video hinted that Nyla Harper (Mekia Cox) and her boyfriend James Murray (Arjay Smith) could soon face a heartbreaking split.  Mekia Cox was first introduced to The Rookie as Nyla Harper in season two’s episode ‘Warriors and Guardians,’ which aired in 2019. As well as learning about her prior role as an undercover detective, it was also revealed she was fighting for custody of her daughter Lila (Carsyn Rose) against her ex-husband Donovan Town (Enver Gjokaj). Later on, this proved to work out in Nyla’s favour as she gained custody of her daughter and began dating again. Despite initially meeting in the first episode of season three, it wasn’t until a few episodes in that Nyla and James made a romantic connection. READ MORE: University Challenge finalists despair over drag slang round The romance was further fuelled when they discovered they had many things in common, this included both having daughters in the same class. As their relationship progressed Nyla soon realised she was six weeks pregnant. While this came as a shock to the cop, fans were also surprised as it was previously thought Nyla could no longer have children. However, no one was more taken aback than James, who responded with nothing but a stare when he was told. With a baby on the way and their families coming together Nyla wanted to take the next step in their relationship and get married. In the promo video for the upcoming episode ‘Backstabbers,’ it looks as though she took the plunge. While James was still in bed Nyla sat on the end of their bed dressed and holding a hot drink. As he woke up, Nyla blurted out: “We should get married,” and her boyfriend, who was still adjusting to sunlight, agreed: “Um, let’s get married.” DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun buyer slams counter offer in ‘tense’ negotiations [REACTION]The Rookie fans ‘distraught’ as Lucy relives harrowing kidnapping [REACTION]The Rookie fans ‘distraught’ as Lucy relives harrowing kidnapping [INSIGHT] While the couple hugged each other, it appeared James was unsure and may have spoken too soon. Nyla shared the news with Angela Lopez (Alyssa Diaz) who responded: “And James is cool with that?” when she learned the colleague had proposed. James’ doubts were confirmed elsewhere in the promo while he was having a conversation where he admitted: “I panicked when she said we should get married.” To which Wesley Evers (Shawn Ashmore) asked: “And now you’re rethinking it?” The daunting trailer made it clear James wasn't prepared to answer when he did and truly didn’t want to get married. While Nyla was happily sharing the news with her colleagues, the couple will soon have to have a difficult conversation where James tells her the truth. As the couple do love each other and are expanding their family, fans will have to tune in to see if this revelation could cause them to break up. The Rookie is available on ABC in the US and on Sky Witness in the UK. 