Manchester United are unlikely to give Erik ten Hag different treatment than previous managers in the transfer market if he's appointed manager this summer. The Dutchman is in advanced talks with United about succeeding Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at the helm, but he has tabled demands over control during the club's impending rebuild. On Sunday, David Ornstein reported Ten Hag wants assurances about power in power in decision-making, style of play, recruitment, budgets, area of communication, and getting rid of players. Such desire suggests he wants a more hands-on approach to all aspects of the job compared to other managers over the last decade. However, according to the Telegraph, United's recruitment strategy would be no different under Ten Hag. Despite the club's failings in the transfer market since Sir Alex Ferguson's 2013 retirement, the Ajax boss would veto potential signings, just as David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer were. Of course, he'd be expected to provide input on targets under the current strategy, but fans hope for a refreshed approach after a decade of failure on and off the pitch. United have spent north of £1billion, similar to thriving rivals Manchester City, post-Ferguson, with embarrassingly little to show. JUST IN: Man Utd have held 'talks' over signing Nkunku but reservations remain The £29m capture of Maroune Fellaini as Moyes' sole summer capture kick-started the trend before Ed Woodward sanctioned £299m on 13 signings in two years under Van Gaal. Of that crop, only Luke Shaw remains in United's current first team. Then came Mourinho's turbulent two years at the helm, during which the club splashed another £401m on 12 players, including the then-world record signing of Paul Pogba. Beyond this summer, only Diogo Dalot, Fred and Nemanja Matic could remain at Old Trafford. READ MORE: De Bruyne refuses to discuss chances of City vs Liverpool CL final Another £357m was splashed on 12 more stars during Solskjaer's tenure, as well as making Cristiano Ronaldo the best-paid player in the Premier League. Whilst there is optimism Jadon Sancho and Bruno Fernandes can guide the club back to glory, the big-money deals for Harry Maguire and Aaron Wan-Bissaka are rightly often scrutinised. With football director John Murtough, his soon-to-be-appointed deputy, technical director Darren Fletcher and advisor-elect Ralf Rangnick now in the boardroom, United are much better placed for wiser football decisions. And whilst Richard Arnold is in charge and Ten Hag unlikely to receive any different treatment than his predecessors, there is undoubtedly more confidence in those making the final calls heading into this summer than there ever was under Woodward's reign. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.