CBS’ hit procedural drama NCIS Los Angeles is expected to take a personal turn as the show delves into Sam Hanna’s (played by LL Cool J) childhood. Viewers can expect to see a more vulnerable side of the beloved special agent as the episode will feature a fraught reunion with his estranged father.  Sam Hanna made his first appearance in the season six episode titled ‘Legend [Part 1]' and since then he has remained a fan favourite and a key member of the team. As well as his expert training and skills on the field, fans gained insight into his personal life as a father and husband. In season 12, his daughter Kamran ‘Kam’ Hanna (Kayla Smith) became the focus of the team after she was the victim of a shocking kidnapping. Although she put up a fight, thankfully, Sam was able to break the barrier, where she was being kept and brought her to safety. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in...  The series also provided some background into his marriage to CIA agent Michelle Hanna (Aunjanue Ellis), who he met while working on a joint task force. The two worked together again on a mission to stop the Russian arms dealer Isaak Sidorov (Timothy V. Murphy), who was selling weapons to an Al-Qaeda cell. Michelle realised she had a passion for the job when she returned to work after taking an undisclosed length of time away to raise the children. However, in the episode titled ‘Uncaged,’ Michelle met her demise when she was kidnapped and put in a portable freezer, where she died from carbon dioxide poisoning.  With heartbreak involved whenever his family became the focus of the episode, it looks as though there could be more sadness for Sam. NCIS LA’s 300th episode titled ‘Work & Family,’ will introduce Sam’s father Raymond Hanna (Richard Gant) with a recurring role. This will be the first time fans will see Raymond, as he had only been mentioned in the past. It was revealed he had been in the Marines as a Colonel and Sam had also shared his father's disappointment in him when he joined the Navy after military academy.  DON'T MISS...Vera's Kenny Doughty admits he’s ‘never been on a job like’ ITV drama [INSIGHT]NCIS LA’s Chris O'Donnell on how daughter inspired new role [INSIGHT]NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah celebrates season 14 renewal [INSIGHT] TV Line reported Raymond’s debut episode will see Sam move in with his father after he began struggling with the early stages of dementia. With the 300th episode being a huge milestone for the show, the executive producer and showrunner R Scott Gimmel opened up about the achievement. He stated: “Reaching our 300th episode is such a blessing. “We are all so grateful for the support of the studio, network, and especially our fans who have supported us for 13 seasons and allowed us to work together as a cast, crew and family for all these years.”  Gimmel added: “Such longevity for a TV series has become a rarity. “Everyone on the show works so hard because we know how truly lucky we are and continue to be as we excitedly head into Season 14!” Last week, CBS announced the spin-off NCIS LA would be expanding with its 14th instalment. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 