Philip Serrell is a regular face on BBC One's Bargain Hunt and the expert specialises in Royal Worcester Porcelain. The TV star has been an auctioneer for more than 30 years and has met some fascinating people. Outside of work, he is married to his wife Briony and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about their children. Philip is a 68-year-old auctioneer who has become a familiar face on BBC antiques shows. He initially aspired to be a PE teacher but changed careers, starting work in the livestock trade. He qualified as a chartered surveyor in 1988 and specialises in fine art and antiques. Philip owns his own valuers firm and he lives in Worcester with his wife. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy The pair have a daughter called Clementine and in November 2020 he shared a rare snap of her. The throwback photo showed Clementine as a toddler, alongside a snap of his daughter in 2020. The star wished his daughter a happy birthday, with a few kisses. Clementine is also on Twitter and she describes herself as a cake maker and qualified personal trainer. Philip has previously spoken out about his daughter's recovery following a battle with anorexia. Back in 2016 he shared a touching photo of Clementine, who was 32 at the time, at the height of her eating disorder. Alongside the image was a more recent snap of his daughter, at a healthier weight. In her own social media post, Clementine described herself in the older photo as being "desperately unhappy". She said: "I didn't really have a life, I was just existing." DON'T MISS... Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [INSIGHT] Philip Serrell wife: Who is the Bargain Hunt expert married to? [EXPLAINER] What did Roo Irvine do before Bargain Hunt? [INSIGHT] Philip said he was very proud of his daughter following her achievement. Speaking to the Mail Online at the time, he said: "As a dad, it's been very difficult. "I've found it very hard to understand. I've spent 62 years enjoying eating and it's very hard not to say, 'Just eat, it's easy.' "But Clementine has come through this on her own and I know she'd love to help others who are in a similar situation." Since then Clementine has been keeping her followers up to date with her adventures. She regularly posts about days out with friends and family and shares snaps of stunning locations. In March 2022, she uploaded photos of herself with both of her parents. She said: "Double whammy in the Serrell household- Happy Birthday to my dad and happy Mother’s Day to my mum."  Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One at 12.15pm.