Prince George and Princess Charlotte may be royal, but they also have a sibling dynamic - just like regular families. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the royal clan. Judi James told Express.co.uk exclusively: "This always appears to be a very calm and well-synchronised sibling dynamic, with no obvious body language traits suggesting status or power jostling or battling for attention. "There is also the appearance of equality in the trio, suggesting three quite confident children who appear to see no need to over-protect or ‘parent’ one another." This is particularly interesting regarding George, who is not only the eldest sibling but heir to the throne. Prince George will turn nine later this year in July, but apparently already know what his future holds, according to royal historian Robert Lacey. READ MORE: Key difference between Princess Charlotte and her brothers highlighted "Sometime around the boy's seventh birthday in the summer of 2020 it is thought that his parents went into more detail about what the little Prince's life of future royal 'service and duty' would particularly involve." In light of this, it is endearing that the young Prince still retains his childlike manner, viewing sister Princess Charlotte as his "friend and sometimes partner in crime", according to Judi. In fact, it is oftentimes Charlotte who takes the lead. "When they appear together it is often Charlotte taking the initiative in terms of walking ahead, walking alone and instigating gestures like waving or picking out the cameras." But the future King is not jealous when Charlotte steals the spotlight, and is "never seen either moving to protect, copy or correct her, which adds to the suggestion that he sees her as an equal". The future King possibly inherited this trait from his father, Prince William, who smiles adoringly at Kate at public engagements when the focus is on her. Most recently, on the pair's Caribbean tour, Kate was seen to take the lead, much to her husband's acceptance. Judi previously told Express.co.uk: "This royal tour became the moment that Kate really did step out into the spotlight like the royal star she is and begin to take the lead on many of the couple’s public moments. “This has been a slow-burn evolution for the couple and for good reason. Windsor men can be surprisingly difficult when it comes to star billing." It is perhaps because of the example that William and Kate set that Prince George and Princess Charlotte have settled into roles where Charlotte can be the star too, while the Prince watches on. Judi continued: "They might have posed together sweetly on Charlotte’s first day at school but there were no signs that she felt in the need of protection from her older brother, or that he felt she might need it, which tends to suggest Charlotte has equal amounts of confidence as George, if not more." Rather, it is mother Kate Middleton who the young Princess looks toward "when she does need reassurance". As for George, he "always looks happiest when he is with his father, either holding his hand; being coached by him or chatting as friends at football matches". They were recently spotted enjoying the England Vs Wales game together at the Six Nations. There is an "obvious sense of empathy between the pair", which is unsurprising since they share one thing in common that no one else in the world - other than Prince Charles - does.With George in line to succeed the throne after his father, it is fundamental that the pair share a strong bond. However, Judi noted that "there are no signs of territorial or jealous behaviour when William plays with all three children together and he is forced to share". This suggests a maturity in Prince George despite his young age.