Hollywood star Catherine Zeta-Jones has taken to Instagram to share a rare family snap of herself, her husband Michael Douglas and their two children daughter, Carys and son, Dylan as they celebrated being "back together". The Entrapment actress, 52, was elated to have her whole family together again and was quick to share the moment with fans. In view of her four million followers, the Mask of Zorro actress captured the moment her family was reunited. She captioned the snap: "The band is back together! Happy, so happy! College campus!" In the first picture, Catherine took a snap of the family altogether while posing in front of the college buildings. Her daughter Carys, 18, grinned as she held her face up to the son while Dylan, 21, looked directly at the camera and smiled. READ MORE: Amanda Owen hits back as fan asks ‘why doesn’t your husband appear?' Mum Catherine struck a sultry pose as she appeared in the middle of her two children. However, Michael, 77, was barely visible in the snap as he stood behind his wife-of-22-years and Dylan. The Basic Instinct star wore a pair of brown sunglasses and a baseball hat. Following Catherine's post, the star was soon inundated with comments from followers who weighed in on the family's reunion. Instagram user bugsydrake wrote: "Beautiful Family!" alongside a red heart. Clairerams penned: "Lovely picture x." While inesicmartins added: "The cutest family reunion... I’m so glad your adorable band is all together again: wishing you and yours a joyful Easter weekend... enjoy it all, Cath. It comes after Catherine shared a radiant selfie of her and husband Michael back last month. DON'T MISS... Monty Don talks gardening duties as wife steps in [INSIGHT]Alison Hammond 'really upset' by response to replacing Eamonn and Ruth [ANALYSIS]Ant and Dec reignite Boris Johnson row as they mock him in BGT gag [UPDATE] The two members of Hollywood royalty, who tied the knot in 2000, can both be seen sitting in the front of a car, beaming into the camera. Harking back to the Hollywood Golden Age, Catherine captioned the post after a line from the 1942 film Casablanca. "Here's looking at you, kid," she wrote. Catherine wore a simple black top with frills around the sleeves and minimal makeup, while Michael looked suave in a white shirt with sunglasses and a pricey-looking watch. In February, Catherine told how she was "so proud" of her husband-of-22-years as he made a statement in support of Ukraine at the SAG Awards. Bagging awards for his performance in The Kominsky Method, Michesl wore a pocket square in the colours of the Ukraine flag. Furthering his support, he told the presenter on the red carpet: "This is not for the LA Rams. This is the colour of the Ukrainian flag. "If ever there was a time for us to appreciate what true democracy is, I'm just so proud of what the people in this country have done."