Leader Sir Keir Starmer has called on voters to "send the Tories a message they cannot ignore" on the issue, as he says his party would cut people's energy bills by up to £600 - funded by a windfall tax on oil and gas companies. But Mr Paterson said: "You have said previously the windfall tax plan would all but eliminate the energy price rise for low-income families, pensioners and middle-income families. That might be true now but it won't be true later on this year when we see another set of price rises." Sir Keir told the Sky News Breakfast show: "It is a one-off tax. It is a windfall tax but it would deal with the immediate crisis and people waking up today are asking the question, it there a plan on the table to deal with the problem right now which is a rise in energy costs. "They're seeing nothing from the Government. "The Government are saying you can have a loan starting in October of about £200 so a six-month wait." Mr Paterson interjected: "I get that, my point is simply this. READ MORE: Average cost of life rises to £1.5m - 6 expert tips to help you save  "The windfall tax that you're proposing will give a break of a few hundred pounds right now which frankly will be utterly wiped out by the price rise we're all expecting come October." The Labour leader continued: "There are two answers to that. There's got to be a wider, long-term strategy and that's why we set out our energy strategy last week which included turbocharging renewables, fast-forwarding on nuclear power but importantly and significantly, a project to insulate homes and make them warmer." It comes as the biggest jump in domestic energy bills in living memory has come into effect as charities warn that 2.5 million more households are set to fall into "fuel stress" and supplier websites remained unresponsive to customers. As a 54 percent increase to Ofgem's price cap hit bills, the Resolution Foundation think tank said the number of English households in fuel stress - those spending at least 10 percent of their total budgets on energy bills - was set to double overnight from 2.5 to five million. Resolution Foundation senior economist Jonathan Marshall said: "Today's energy price cap rise will see the number of households experiencing fuel stress double to five million. "Another increase in energy bills this autumn hastens the need for more immediate support, as well as a clear, long-term strategy for improving home insulation, ramping up renewable and nuclear electricity generation, and reforming energy markets so that families' energy bills are less dependent on global gas prices." Citizens Advice said around five million people would be unable to pay their energy bills from April, even accounting for the support the Government has already announced. It warned this number would almost triple to one in four people in the UK - more than 14 million - if the price cap rises again in October based on current predictions. DON'T MISS Energy firms feeling the heat as websites crash [INSIGHT]Chancellor's pledge - Rishi Sunak: I will help out if it gets worse [ANALYSIS]BBC QT: Blackford blasts Sunak amid crippling cost of living crisis [VIDEO] Concern about the pressures households are facing came as energy firms continued to struggle to allow customers to submit up-to-date meter readings to avoid paying the higher tariff on energy used before April 1. Customers reported issues logging in to supplier websites including British Gas, EDF, E.On, SSE, So Energy and Octopus Energy from early on Thursday. Energy UK, the trade body for the industry, urged people not to worry if they were unable to submit a meter reading ahead of Friday. It said: "Most suppliers are offering alternative options such as submitting at a later date, and different methods to send meter readings such as text, social media and email. "This demonstrates the scale of the problem and how worried people are about high prices, which is why we have been asking Government to intervene to provide further support to consumers."