While inflation climbed to a new high, new research from local services marketplace Airtasker, unveiled that one in five people still plan on moving home this year. The company, who connects people who need work done with skilled experts, has teamed up with property guru Phil Spencer to share top tips on moving home smoothly, including how to add value to a property once you’re settled in. Increasing the value of a property is often important when selling a home, to help make it stand out to potential buyers. It also helps to add kerb appeal to a home, with renovation work often adding value to a home. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Phil Spencer recommended extending a property if increasing its value was of priority. The property expert explained: “The biggest win is actually making the property bigger. READ MORE: Is it cheaper to boil water in a microwave? “It is always cheaper to build and extend a property than it is to buy a property that is already done. “So if you can possibly make something bigger, whether that’s a loft extension or a basement, that’s the biggest win.” For those who cannot extend their property, the expert recommended focusing on renovating the home internally. This includes making sure the kitchen and bathroom are renovated to a high standard. DON'T MISS:Buyers ‘facing a far higher cost’ for a home as stock remains ‘slim’ [COMMENT]Property: ‘Basic steps’ to save on household bills [EXPLAINER]How to sow hardy annuals in April including sunflowers [INSIGHT] Phil said: “It’s the kitchens and bathrooms that sell houses, they always have and they always will.” In 2020, Magnet said a great kitchen could add up to a staggering £20,000 to the value of a home. The property expert continued: “But you need to be careful about making something too personal, if you make it really personal to you, well that’s not necessarily the way forward. “If you’re interested in value, it needs to appeal to the widest common denominator.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The expert also explained how garden offices and sheds have become more popular in the last couple of years. This is down to many working from home and wanting a separate working space. Phil added: “The last couple of years have meant we have all asked ever more from our homes, and that’s probably likely to remain. “If you think back over the last couple of years, they haven’t just been our homes, they’ve been our gyms, offices and our schools. “Everything has taken place at home and so people are more conscious.” For those moving home, Phil also shared top tips on making the process run as smoothly as possible. He said: “Write yourself a moving checklist and do it early so you can map out your to-do list and timeline for what’s involved with your move. I’d recommend writing your checklist as soon as you’ve decided you’d like to move or at three months before you move. "Think methodically when you write your checklist and don’t forget to include any small tasks as these often go a long way to help things run smoothly. I’d always recommend decluttering your space, getting rid of any unwanted items one month before your move so you’re not packing any unnecessary items on moving day. “Notifying your suppliers and redirecting mail is another one to add to the checklist, and I’d recommend doing this one month before your move date. Notify your bank, utility providers and insurance company of your new address to ensure your mail doesn’t go missing.” The property expert also recommended ordering packing boxes in a variety of sizes to help make the process easier. He said: “My number one packing tip is to order your packing boxes in a range of different sizes, and if in doubt, order more boxes that you think you’ll need as you can always reuse them. Don’t forget to also buy packing tape and any proactive wrap for delicate items. “Start packing in the least-used room, and make sure you label your boxes as you go (you can even take photos of the inside of boxes to help you find your contents quicker). Save time by leaving clothes on hangers and make sure you protect lids of liquids to avoid any spillage in transit. “Keep daily essentials at the top of your boxes for easy access later, things like your phone charger or toothbrush.” Phil also recommended taking gas and electricity readings as well as changing the locks for a peace of mind. To help ease your move, visit Airtasker, the local services marketplace.