The Queen's four-strand pearl and diamond choker has made many appearances over the course of her long reign, and it has recently been worn by Kate, Duchess of Cambridge on two important royal occasions. Kate wore the piece to mark the Queen and Prince Philip's 70th wedding anniversary in 2017. And in 2021, Kate donned the piece again for a much sadder occasion, Prince Philip's funeral at Windsor Castle.  The Queen is known to love pearls, and she often favours a simple three-strand pearl necklace for her day-to-day duties. But when she wants to pull out all the stops, she has often turned to her dazzling four-strand pearl and diamond choker. Claire Beatson, jewellery expert from the ethical jewellery brand Nightingale, told Express.co.uk: "Commissioned in the late 1970s by the Queen and made by longtime royal jewellers Garrards, this choker is a departure from the Queen's preference of slightly longer necklaces. "The choker was created after the Queen's first state visit to Japan in 1975 where this magnificent set of super fine cultured pearls was presented to her as a gift from the Japanese government.  READ MORE: Charles and Camilla's 'LOVE CHILD' unveils new 'undeniable proof' "The four rows of round pearls are joined by an open clasp that actually creates the diamond feature at the centre of the necklace. "The delicately curved clasp is created from three rows of claw set round brilliant diamonds on either side that join at the bottom with an impressive single marquise-shaped diamond and three smaller marquise-shaped diamonds (in a fleur de lys shape) at the top of the clasp." While the Queen's pearl and diamond choker is not the most expensive in her impressive jewellery collection, it is a hugely sentimental piece to the Royal Family. As well as the Queen, the choker was beloved by another famous royal woman - Princess Diana.  Ms Beatson added: "Valued at around £25,000 to £30,000, whilst this isn't the most impressive of the royal jewels it does hold emotional significance for the Queen. "It's claimed by Garrards that the piece was inspired by the Queen's daughter-in-law to be, as its first outing was shortly after Prince Charles and Princess Diana announced their engagement in 1981. "Shortly thereafter, the Queen loaned the necklace to the new Princess on a state visit to the Netherlands in 1982 following her marriage to Prince Charles. "The Queen sported this piece throughout the 1980s and 1990s, most notably for the then-prime minister Margaret Thatcher's 70th birthday." DON'T MISS:Princess Anne husband: Why does Sir Timothy Laurence not have a title? [INSIGHT]How will the Queen mark Prince Philip's death anniversary? [ANALYSIS]10 of the best pictures of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh [PICTURES] In recent years, the necklace has earned recognition as a firm favourite of Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and she wore it as a "bittersweet" tribute to the late Duke of Edinburgh last year. Kate paired the necklace with a black coat dress from one of her favoured brands, Catherine Walker, and a black fascinator. The jewellery expert added: "Given its inspiration, it seems very apt that the Duchess of Cambridge has recently been seen sporting this piece. "In slightly bittersweet circumstances, Kate wore this necklace at both the Queen and Prince Philip's wedding anniversary in 2017 and then again at Prince Philip's funeral in 2021, again highlighting the poignancy of this piece to the royals." 