On Friday, it was revealed both Meghan and Harry will make the trip to The Hague to attend the fifth Invictus Games. Prince Harry helped found the Invictus Games, and is a patron of the Invictus Games Foundation. But the planned trip comes after the Duke failed to attend the memorial service dedicated to his grandfather, Prince Philip, at Westminster Abbey last month. Prince Harry is embroiled in a High Court battle against the Home Office after the Duke was told he would not receive the "same degree" of security when coming back from the US. The Duke has said he wants to bring his and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex's, two children across when he makes the journey from California to London. But Prince Harry insisted he "does not feel safe" to do so without the protection he seeks. He has offered to foot the bill for the protection himself. The decision to travel to the continent rather than the UK prompted a wave of backlash against the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who are yet to introduce youngest child Lilibet to most of the Royal Family in the UK. The Mirror’s royal editor, Russell Myers, tweeted that the move had “raised eyebrows” among Harry’s family members as well as the public. He posted: “Harry and Meghan’s decision to travel to The Hague for the Invictus Games has “raised eyebrows” among the royal family, amid the Duke of Sussex’s claim he can not travel to the UK with Meghan or their children as it is “too dangerous”.” READ MORE: ‘Silence says it all’ Harry left in awkward silence after question Twitter user @American_RF_Fan wrote: “Meghan & Harry skipped the memorial [because] they would've been small fish in a big sea of monarchs & royalty. “With Invictus, there's no competition & they can pretend they are the monarchs.” Royal commentator @according2_taz went a step further, writing: “Harry & Meghan are using Invictus veterans to make a reality TV show about themselves. How utterly self-absorbed.” The pair will be followed by a camera crew during the Games, filming material for a new Netflix documentary. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Queen pays emotional tribute to 'legacy' of Philip [LIVE] Meghan 'had to shrink' for Royal Family like 'Alice in Wonderland' [ANALYSIS] Prince Harry picks up habit from Meghan as Duke cuts ties from UK [INSIGHT] A source told the Mirror: “Meghan is excited to travel with Harry for the event, which is certainly close to his heart.” The new docu-series, entitled ‘Heart of Invictus’, was announced by the Sussexes’ Archewell Productions last year. The website describes the series as “a multi-episode production that will spotlight a group of extraordinary Invictus Games competitors from around the globe - members of the military community who have experienced life-changing injuries or illnesses - on their road to Invictus Games”. The Games have been two years in the making, delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and use "the power of sport to inspire recovery" for injured servicemen and women. They will run from Saturday, April 16 until Friday, April 22.