Since the shock exit of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry from the Royal Family, it has been widely reported that a rift exists between the Sussexes and the Firm. Harry has returned to the UK twice since their departure – once for the funeral of his grandfather, Prince Philip, and second for the unveiling of a statue in tribute to his late mother, Princess Diana. The latter event is understood to have been the last time Harry saw his brother, Prince William. The Sussexes’ exit was said to have created tensions between a previously close brotherly bond. Harry, Meghan, William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, were once nicknamed the “Fab Four”, and were seen as a new generation of royals who could help modernise the monarchy. However, in the wake of Harry and Meghan’s departure, that hope was firmly rubbished. Signs of any awkwardness that spelled-out the alleged royal feud have been scrutinised by royal experts, with one claiming to have spotted a key signal from William. Katie Nicholl, the Royal editor at Vanity Fair, told Channel 5’s new documentary ‘Funniest Royal Cock-ups’ that William’s “awkward laugh” during a joint interview hinted that there were tensions behind the scenes. She said: “It is William’s slightly awkward laugh that gives it all away, and of course, knowing what we know now about what, at that time, was really going on behind the scenes, you know, this is no family banter, sort of digging at each other. “There was a major family feud.” The interview in question was part of the “Fab Four’s” first official joint outing. In 2018, they took to the stage at the Royal Foundation Forum in Central London to discuss the programs they ran that were close to their hearts, ranging from the Invictus Games to Heads Together. During the interview, they were asked whether they ever had disagreements while working together. The question was met with laughter before William replied: “Oh, yes.” Harry was quick to add: “Healthy disagreement.” The couples were then asked how they resolved their last disagreement. The Duke of Sussex said: “I can’t remember,” and gestured to his brother to take the lead, to which William said: “Is it resolved? We don’t know.” Two years later, the tensions reached a head when Harry and Meghan announced their plans to step down as senior royals. In their bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021, the Sussexes said that they had struggled during their time as working royals and felt unsupported by the Firm. They made a string of allegations against the Firm, some regarding racism and mental health. Harry also commented on William and his father Prince Charles’ positions in the monarchy. He said: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that.” It is understood that members of the Royal Family – with the exception of Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank – are yet to meet the Sussexes’ younger child – Lilibet Diana, who was born in June last year. The Queen’s upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations are a chance for Meghan and Harry to return to the UK and mark the occasion with the rest of the family. However, it remains unknown whether Harry will return and whether Meghan and their children will accompany him.