From June 1, local councils across England will have greater powers to fine drivers and enforce yellow box junction penalties. The RAC claimed many motorists will be unfairly punished unless the Government improves its design, maintenance and enforcement guidelines for local authorities. The Department for Transport (DfT) will soon begin accepting applications from councils to issue fines for moving traffic offences. This includes yellow box misuse, making an illegal turn or driving the wrong way down a one-way street. It is said that these changes are part of an effort to promote cycling and walking around the UK. Successful applications will be able to issue penalty charge notices (PCNs) for these offences from June 1. READ MORE: French visitor refuses to pay £380 Clean Air Zone fine Government guidance on yellow boxes fails to state their specific function, how to design them in relation to vehicle movements or how to maintain or enforce them, according to the RAC. To date, only local authorities in London and Cardiff – and elsewhere the police – have had the power to issue penalty charge notices for these infringements. While RAC research shows 57 percent of drivers are generally in favour of yellow box junctions being enforced, it has discovered that many junctions have design flaws which cause drivers to become trapped through no fault of their own. It even found that some are so poorly maintained that it is hard to see where the yellow lines start and where they finish. DON'T MISSMotorists urged to save on fuel costs by only half-filling tank [INSIGHT]'Now we know truth' Fury as fuel retailers fail to pass on 5p duty cut [SHOCKING]Major diesel law changing today with huge restriction on red diesel [WARNING] Nicholas Lyes, RAC head of roads policy, said the organisation had written to the Department for Transport asking them to update the guidance. It wants to make clear to local authorities what the minimum standard for design and condition of a box junction should be before letting enforcement begin. Mr Lyes said: “In the absence of definitive guidance on the design, maintenance and enforcement of box junctions there will be a high degree of confusion among drivers and local authorities which could lead to an avalanche of penalty charge notices being wrongly issued and then having to be appealed. “This will inevitably lead to an unnecessarily high number of appeals for local authorities to review, as well as some poor outcomes for drivers. “We are worried that failing to update guidance to include the lessons learnt from more than 15 years of enforcement in London will lead to countless wrong fines being issued.” It is feared that it could lead to “no end of unnecessary stress for drivers who feel they have been unfairly treated and thousands of wasted council hours investigating appeals. “It’s absolutely crucial that yellow box junctions are enforced fairly and, as things stand, this may not be the case which will mean many drivers will be treated poorly and lose out financially as a result,” Mr Lyes added. An investigation by the RAC in 2020 found that London and Cardiff raked in £31.4million in the 2018/19 financial year after issuing more than half a million PCNs for yellow box infringements. The RAC described these laws as “lucrative”, saying it was vital that guidance properly when it is to be extended across the Government. Sam Wright, a chartered engineer who was formerly responsible for the design and approval of yellow boxes on the TfL, said changes need to be made. They said: “The key design principle is that yellow boxes should be no bigger than is necessary to prevent vehicles obstructing through movements. “They are not designed for, and serve no purpose in, situations where vehicles are travelling in the same direction.” A DfT spokesperson said: “These new powers are designed to improve cycle safety, air quality and support of bus services. “It’s for local authorities to enforce them and ensure they meet local needs.”