Everton could be forced to sell star striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin to Arsenal this summer because their £121million loss in the past financial year has left them in the lurch, according to reports. The Blues have had a history of high spending since owner Farhad Moshiri took over in February 2016. They have smashed their transfer record twice since his arrival, and 18 of the 20 most expensive signings in Goodison Park history have come in the last six years. However, only a handful of those transfers have proved beneficial to the club, with most failing to garner a profit upon their departures from the Toffees. And this financial mishap could force the Blues into the sale of either one of their two star players Calvert-Lewin or Richarlison - with The Sun claiming that the club accept one of the duo will have to leave in the summer, putting Arsenal on red alert. A huge £373m loss has occurred at Everton over the last three seasons, with a statement claiming that £121m was lost over the last campaign. As a result, there is a burning need to balance the books on Merseyside, especially with a move to the newly-proposed Bramley Moore stadium on the horizon. Calvert-Lewin and Richarlison are the obvious options to sell and it is thought that manager Frank Lampard would be open to a sale as he understands the need to balance the books if he wants funds of his own to spend. With Arsenal having been linked for England striker Calvert-Lewin's services in the past, Everton's circumstances could well tempt Mikel Arteta into making a huge money signing once Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah depart the club. The Gunners could raise funds for themselves by selling flop Nicolas Pepe. The Ivorian, who remains their record signing, has failed to impress at the Emirates since his £72m move from Lille in 2019. And he opened up the door to a potential move ahead of his nation's 3-0 loss against England on Tuesday. “I am focused on how well we do until the end of the season and the club’s target, which is getting into the Champions League. Then we will see what happens," Pepe said. "It is happening at international level [getting game time] and a bit less so at club level. It is frustrating not to play. No player enjoys not playing, but I have to respect the coach’s decision."