The episode followed married couple and estate agents, Kerry and Steven Mellor. They decided to make their own move to Spain after travelling there five or six times per year for holidays. Steven told Channel 4: “I think the clients trust us, because we’re just dead down to earth.” Kerry added: “The only downside I would say is you walk round the most palatial properties and know you’re never going to live there yourself.” This week, the couple had their work cut with wealthy couple, Michael and Patricia, who were looking for a dream Costa del Sol home to retire to. With a budget of two million euros (£1.6m) for the right property, the pair had a long checklist to tick off. READ MORE: Jet2 seating policy - extra legroom and free seats Among the couple’s dream factors was a huge house with a big garden, pool and incredible views. Patricia also wanted a walk-in closet in the bedroom for her huge wardrobe of clothes and shoes. The first of Kerry and Steven’s properties was a 1.3m euro (£1.08m) mansion with five ensuite bedrooms and two kitchens. However, although the high flying pair loved the property’s incredible views they weren’t impressed with the house. The second of Kerry and Steven’s properties was far more promising, a 2.5 million euro (£2m) villa with a private pool and Patrica’s walk-in closet. She said: “Finally we’re talking! I feel at home here, I feel it in my heart, I feel a connection with this house.” Although the pair didn’t make an offer, they were very taken with the property and decided to look into the necessary logistics. Over in Almeria, British expat couple Sharon and Steve, were facing their own unique property challenge. They were trying to help Britons Mark and Mandy find their dream property that would suit them and their unusual guests. While the couple was bringing Mandy’s mum to Spain with them, they were also bringing their seven rescued owls. With a budget of 300,000 euros (£251,000), the pair wanted an annexe for Mandy’s mum and had one unique request. Mandy said: “Barn owls screech so we would like the land so we’re not disturbing ourselves or anyone else.”  After a disappointing first viewing, the pair were taken with the second of Sharon and Steve’s properties. An incredible five bedroom house on the market for 295,000 euros (£247,000) met many of the couple’s requests. At the end of the show, the lucky Britons had their offer of 285,000 (£238,000) accepted, making their Spanish dream a reality. The new season of Sun, Sea and Selling Houses started on Channel 4 on April 4 and is available on Catch up.