The second, third and fourth lines of the introduction have it that: “Our world now seems especially bad-tempered. Temperatures are rising. The news is often doom-laden and filled with hopelessness.” The mention of temperatures had nothing to do with any talk of climate crisis – rather I was referring to what I sensed was the mood of the people – here and around the world.  I reread those words now, knowing I wrote them back in 2019, before Covid and then war in Ukraine, and know that tempers are even more frayed, temperatures much higher. As for the prophecies of doom… now that states armed with nuclear weapons are facing off against one another in Europe, who among us can fail to notice the scent of apocalypse in the air? In spite of all the attendant hopelessness, felt by so many, I feel even more strongly than I did those few years ago that much of what troubles us now is just noise, the deliberately manufactured product of manipulative governments seemingly determined to keep the populations permanently anxious, on edge and therefore inclined to submit to more and more erosion of rights and freedoms in hopes of safety. The American biologist Edward Osborne Wilson has been an observer of the society of ants and the wisdom he has gleaned from that study had him make some sage deductions about the plight of our own species. In a 2009 edition of Harvard Magazine he noted: “The real problem of humanity is the following: we have palaeolithic emotions, medieval institutions and God-like technology.” I came across that line years ago, and it has stayed with me. There has been one or other form of humanity abroad on the Earth for perhaps four million years – if not our kind specifically then rough approximations. For almost all that time, our kind were hunters. Our own species is just 200,000 years old – a blink of time – and our forebears too lived by hunting and gathering until around 10,000 years ago when some began domesticating plants and animals, gradually becoming farmers. A few centuries of industrial revolution and science – and the much more recent advent of smart phones and the Internet – have scarcely changed our essential nature.  In every way that matters, the brains of Homo sapiens are still running on hunter software. A handful of us have learned, or rather been trained, to think like scientists. Thinking like a scientist is so demanding that even scientists can sustain the effort only for relatively short periods. For the rest of the time, they think like the rest of us. Whether or not we are thinking like scientists, many of us are in search of answers to the essential questions of what it means to be human and alive. The Canadian anthropologist Wade Davis has said that the world into which each of us is born does not exist – or not in any absolute sense, “… rather, it is a model of reality. Other cultures are not failed attempts at being us; on the contrary they are unique manifestations of the human spirit.” With that elegant thought in mind, I went looking for answers of my own. In these increasingly hot-tempered times, it seemed to me that it might be possible to peek behind the curtain of modern life, with all its myriad complications, and pay attention to what had seemed to matter to our ancestors. I looked again at the some of the stories that have lasted longest – some so old, so many thousands of years old, it is not even possible to say with certainty how long they have been being told. The oldest wisdom available to us now might be worth paying fresh attention to. In end, the things that seem to have mattered longest are obvious – obvious because they truly are what life is about: family, home, memory, love, loss, sacrifice – things like that. In Wisdom of the Ancients I have tried my best to see beyond the clutter of modern life, the incessant noise of rolling news and social media, and to pay attention to what mattered to the ancestors. It seems reasonable to me – more and more every day – that the answers they found in their ancient worlds, might yet help us in ours. Wisdom of the Ancients: Life lessons from our distant past by Neil Oliver is available now in paperback (£9.99) 