Mould can occur for a number of reasons, though the most likely cause is a mixture of poor ventilation and excess humidity in the air. Black mould can have serious implications for your health, which is why it is so important to tackle the problem when it occurs in your home - especially in the bedroom. Removing mould from bedroom walls can be done using a few simple remedies, but what are they? How can you get rid of mould for good? Government data estimates that between five and 50 percent of all homes have black mould, based on research gathered in the two years leading up to March 2019. This unpleasant growth produces harmful spores that disagree with the human body, including irritants and in some cases, toxic substances. While this pungent fungus may seem hard to remove with anything other than harsh chemicals, there are plenty of more natural alternatives which can target the root of the problem. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans on how to remove tap limescale with 2p coin Commercial mould treatments are generally very effective at removing tough spores from your home, but natural alternatives are much safer to use in busy areas such as the bedroom. Grapefruit seed extract offers a completely organic and naturally scented solution for mould, using key compounds known as limonoids and naringenin to penetrate bacteria. For a gentle yet effective mould spray, fill a spray bottle with grapefruit seed extract oil and water - using 10 drops of oil for every cup of water. Spray a generous amount of the solution onto the affected area and leave it to sit for one hour. Use a clean, sponge or brush to wipe over the surface and reveal a mould-free wall.   Grapefruit seed extract can be swapped for a number of other essential oils to tackle mould growth on bedroom walls. Tea tree oil is one of the best options for mould because it is a natural fungicide, deodoriser, antiseptic and can even prevent the regrowth of spores. For a pared-back mould treatment, combine one teaspoon of tea tree oil with one cup of water and pour into a spray bottle. Shake the liquid well before spraying over the visible spores and leave to dry for one hour. Use a clean microfiber cloth to wipe the area. DON'T MISS:Mould: Best houseplants to get rid of mould in your bathroom [ANALYSIS]Mould: Mrs Hinch shares ‘easy’ method for removing mould from walls [INSIGHT]Cleaner who tackles mould in hot climate details vital strategy [REVEAL] Distilled white vinegar is one of the best alternatives to bleach and commercial mould removers because of its powerful acidity and antibacterial properties. This basic ingredient can be used undiluted to treat mould on walls and ceilings, just be sure to wipe the excess liquid away to avoid a lingering scent. Decant the vinegar into a spray bottle and apply generously to the affected area. Use a disposable kitchen towel to wipe the surface mould away, using a toothbrush to clear stubborn stains. Leave the wall to dry and use a damp towel to wipe the surface once more. While it may not be the strongest weapon to use against black mould, lemon juice is one of the best ingredients to use either as a secondary mould treatment, or on smaller clusters of spores. Juice three to five lemons and pour the undiluted liquid onto the mould. Leave the acidic juice to set for around 10 minutes before wiping away with a damp towel. To treat smaller patches of black mould, soak a toothbrush in some lemon juice and scrub away the spores instead. Lemon juice is most effective against mould when paired with a hand or dish soap and a few drops of white vinegar. This gentle combination will leave your bedroom walls clear while releasing a refreshing scent to counteract any musty smells caused by the spores.