Lent is an important, six-week-long event in the Christian calendar, celebrated by a number of denominations during the run-up to Easter. The event lasts 40 days - not including Sundays - and offers a period of reflection for those observing it. It is believed to be a time of preparation and focus, reminiscent of Jesus’ time fasting in the wilderness before he began his public ministry. During Lent, Christians are "encouraged to find [their] own method of confronting [their] sinfulness, remembering [their] mortality, and giving thanks for the gift of salvation [they] receive through the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus Christ," according to the United Methodist Church. Lent is observed by individuals from various churches and denominations of Christianity, including Methodists, Anglicans, Reformed and Roman Catholics. People use this holy time to give to charity, sacrifice an indulgence, study the Bible, and meet with other Christians to reflect on Jesus's life and prepare for the events of Holy Week and Easter. So, what exactly does Lent entail and when it is due to end this year?  READ MORE: Best Easter egg deals 2022: Save 40% off Cadbury, Maltesers and more  The word "Lent" is derived from the Anglo-Saxon term "lencten", which means “lengthening (of daylight hours)”, or less literally, “spring” or “springtime”, in which the event is observed annually. It is a period of reflection and preparation ahead of Easter, and those celebrating will give up an indulgence for 40 days. The 40 days represent the length of time Jesus spent fasting in the desert, during which he endured temptation by the devil. Lent always begins on Ash Wednesday, which is the day after Shrove Tuesday.  On Shrove Tuesday, which many also know as ‘Pancake Day’, Christians will “clean the soul” [link] through participating in confession and forgiveness. They will also finalise their individual Lenten sacrifices, which typically include items such as chocolate, alcohol, and even swearing. This year, Ash Wednesday took place on March 2, marking the start of Lent. On this day, ashes made from the previous Palm Sunday’s crosses are blessed and priests will rub them on congregants' foreheads. This custom dates back to the middle ages. Ash Wednesday services are used to set the tone for Lent, which include sombre readings and hymns, and a focus on penitence (saying sorry for and turning away from sin), according to the Church of England. DON'T MISS: Britons to face travel disruptions during Easter holidays [INSIGHT]Easter weekend weather forecast: Cold blast to hit UK with -10C chill [ANALYSIS]How to live longer: Quitting smoking help people gain life [EXPLAINED]     This year, Lent will officially end on Saturday, April 16, which is the day before Easter Sunday. There are a number of events leading up to the final day, including Palm Sunday and Holy Week. Holy Week starts on Palm Sunday, which will take place on April 10 this year. Palm Sunday is believed to represent the day Jesus triumphantly arrived in Jerusalem to crowds waving palm branches, which were placed at his feet.  During Palm Sunday services, churchgoers are given palm crosses to keep until the next year - to be burnt again on Ash Wednesday. A number of observances take place throughout Holy Week, including Holy Wednesday, which acknowledges Judas’s plan to deceive Jesus. Maundy Thursday comes next, which commemorates Jesus’s last supper with the apostles. Good Friday follows, which is the day used to commemorate the crucifixion of Jesus. Bringing Holy week to an end on Saturday April 16 will be the last day of Lent, as this is believed to be the day before Jesus resurrected. His resurrection is acknowledged every year on Easter Sunday. 