This is good news. While the action taken during the pandemic to protect jobs, businesses and the NHS came at a significant cost, the underlying strength of our economy, built up by Conservatives in government since 2010, has meant we had the fastest growth in the G7 last year and unemployment at levels lower than pre-pandemic. But with public debt still at the highest in decades, we cannot shy away from the importance of taking a sustainable approach to our country’s finances. Crucially, this must be an approach which doesn’t burden the next generation with ever-increasing debt. I know how worried people are about the cost of living. Countries around the world are grappling with inflation, largely driven by global factors including the price of energy and supply chain disruption. We are already taking action to help people with the cost of living – spending £22 billion this financial year to protect people from rises in energy bills, cut National Insurance contributions, double the Household Support Fund available to people to £1 billion, and cut fuel duty. And in the longer-term growth is the most important thing to support living standards and protect the public finances, which is why we’re focussed on improving skills, boosting productivity and levelling up. Some people say the answer is simply to spend more. But more spending just means more debt, more of taxpayers’ money spent on repaying that debt, and less to invest in public services or cut taxes. In this financial year alone, we’re forecast to spend £83 billion on interest on our debt - more than the schools, the Home Office and the Ministry of Justice budgets combined. That’s before we consider the uncertainty created by Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine. So it’s right that we’re protecting the public finances in these uncertain times. That’s why we have a clear plan to balance the books. In practice, that means sticking to our fiscal rules, only borrowing to invest rather than for day-to-day spend, and keeping debt falling over the next few years. Every pound we spend paying off debt interest, or waste on inefficient programmes, is a pound we can’t spend on peoples’ priorities. The British taxpayer is right to demand that their money is spent on improving their lives and allowing them to keep more of what they earn.  We started by cutting the Universal Credit taper rate – worth around £1,000 to those on Universal Credit. We went further by fulfilling our manifesto promise to equalise the National Insurance Threshold with the income tax threshold – worth around £330 a year. And we have a pledge go to further still and deliver the first cut to income tax in 16 years. That is why I will not allow this Government to lose control of spending. This is my driving mission in Government, as I made clear to the Institute of Economic Affairs last month. It is my mission to make sure that hard-earned taxpayer money is not wasted by Whitehall. This is even more important at a time when every penny counts for families’ budgets. So I’ve joined up with my colleagues across government to form a new Efficiencies and Value for Money committee to tackle this issue head-on. We’ll slash costs and Whitehall waste. We’ll cut non-frontline civil service headcount. And we’ll slim down the Government’s bloated property bill and tackle fraud head-on with the new Public Sector Fraud Authority. As Chief Secretary, I will be relentless in pursuing efficient public spending, responsibility over our debt and our commitment to lower taxes. Only by doing these things can we continue to deliver world-leading public services, like our NHS, into the future without passing the buck to our children.