Tyson Fury's brutal knockout of Dillian Whyte at Wembley on Saturday evening will remain in the headlines for quite some time, with the 'Gypsy King' going 33 bouts unbeaten in what is considered one of the best boxing careers of all-time. But after pocketing a cool £25million in the fight against Whyte, Fury has claimed that he will retire in an emotional ringside interview - claiming that money has never been the main motivator for his career.  Fury went into the fight as the clear favourite at Wembley, having seriously impressed last time out with an 11th-round stoppage against Deontay Wilder back in October in Nevada. It was heavily expected that the Wythenshawe-born star would beat Whyte, although it was not known how much of a fight the 34-year-old would put up against the 6ft 9in giant. It became apparent early on that Fury held the court against Whyte, with the 'Body Snatcher' failing to get anywhere near Fury, who landed 76 punches compared to Whyte's 29. That came to a head in the sixth round, with Fury catching a stunned Whyte with a beauty of an uppercut to leave the Jamaican-born star scrambling to his feet under the famous Wembley arch and hand Fury yet another superb win. But immediately after the fight, the Morecambe-based hero admitted after the game that it would be his final fight, despite calls to fight Anthony Joshua before retirement became a reality. And after a career in which he has flown around the world, earning prize money galore for his talents in the ring, Fury claimed his career was never about financial gain - instead being about his family and making people proud.  "I've enjoyed my career, it's been a fantastic career," Fury told BT Sport after his epic victory. "I'm 34 at the minute, every good dog has its day. I know [promoter] Frank [Warren] will be unhappy about that, and there's a lot of money to be earnt. "But for me, I [have] come from f**k all, I've come from nothing. It's never been about money, I'm not a money person. I drive around in a 2007 [Volkswagen] Passat in diesel. I don't care! I don't care what I've got, it's never been about money to me. "I know a lot of people with money, big money. But none of them are happy, not one of them. And I know money can't make happiness. It's not been about belts for me, about legacies, it's not been about anything other than punching a motherf*****s face in on the night."  It is yet to be seen whether Fury will fight again, despite continued links to fighting Joshua in the future. However for now, the Gypsy King seems quite content where he is. 