Mr Trump was joined by supporters in Selma, North Carolina, as the 45th President continues to host campaign-style 'Save America' rallies. During his 70-minute speech, the ex-POTUS took aim at Joe Biden on the issue of immigration. Immigration proved a key issue behind Mr Trump's victory in the 2016 US Presidential Election when he defeated frontrunner and former First Lady Hillary Clinton by 306 electoral college votes to 232. Speaking about the immigration policies enacted by Mr Biden, Trump said: "With last week’s announcement that the Biden administration will rescind the crucial Title 42 protections I put into place to quickly remove illegal aliens ... Biden is wilfully opening the floodgates to a tidal wave of illegal immigration the likes of which the world has never seen before." He added: "To every would-be illegal alien currently thinking of rushing America’s borders because of Joe Biden’s actions, hear these words: if you enter America illegally, you can rest assured that when Republicans retake power, we will hire thousands of new ICE agents to reverse this injustice, we will find you, we will detain you, we will deport you, and you will never be allowed to enter our country ever again." The Title 42 order, which was imposed in March 2020, allowed border officials to expel migrants without giving them the opportunity to apply for asylum as a part of efforts to curb the spread of COVID-19. JUST IN: French election LIVE: Le Pen 'just 4 points behind Macron' The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is due to lift the measure on May 23. The number of migrants crossing the south west border into America has increased drastically since Mr Biden entered office. Almost 165,000 migrants crossed the border in February 2022, according to the US Customs and Border Protection agency. In comparison, the figure stood at just under 50,000 when Mr Trump was Commander-in-Chief in February 2020. READ MORE: Farage urges Musk to bring back Trump as Tesla CEO joins Twitter board Mr Trump also peddled the unfounded claim the 2020 US Presidential Election was rigged. Despite losing by over seven million votes, Mr Trump said: "The truth is, I ran twice, I won twice, I did much better the second time than I did the first. "And now, we may have to do it again." The North Carolina crowd roared when the ex-POTUS asked: "Is there anybody here who would like to see me run again?" DON'T MISS:Donald Tusk sensationally compares Le Pen to Putin as he backs Macron [INSIGHT]'Arrogant and incapable' Macron's time in power savaged [ANALYSIS]Brigitte Macron raged at criticism of her 'untypical' marriage [INSIGHT] Supporters could also be heard chanting: "We love Trump." The most recent Redfield & Wilton Strategies opinion poll suggests Mr Trump could become just the second US President to serve two non-consecutive terms in the Oval Office. The survey found Trump had opened up a five point lead over his successor. The lead could be enough for the 45th President to win back the swing states of Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin from Mr Biden.