Former Top Gear presenter Richard Hammond is also known for hosting series such as Brainiac: Science Abuse and Time Commanders outside his time with fellow petrolheads James May and Jeremy Clarkson. He is now returning to screens for another science-based comedy series away from The Grand Tour, the trio’s follow-up car series on Amazon Prime Video. The motor enthusiast and TV presenter recently told BBC Radio 2 Host Steve Wright that Brain Reaction has been one of his best projects to date. Richard is hosting the new show with team captains Johnny Vegas and Victoria Coren Mitchell. Plus, science expert Ria Lina is also on-board providing some factual insight into the show’s madcap experiments. He told Steve: “Basically, it’s the best gig in the world because I rock up and I say, ‘Hello and welcome to Brain Reaction!’” READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait “And I introduce the teams and then I ask questions and I just sit back and watch everybody be funny and clever. “Then I go home again. It’s not challenging!” he admitted. His new hosting gig is a far cry from his latest Grand Tour adventure, which saw Richard battling some tricky terrain with a Matra Murena before hurtling a car through the air with a trebuchet. Brain Reaction will challenge Johnny and Victoria’s teams in a series of arbitrary challenges and bizarre experiments. Each week they will try to determine which of two random objects will be better at random tasks, while comedian and science whizz Ria explains the results. For example, which will travel further when fired out of a nitrogen cannon - an armchair or a fridge? “It’s pitting things against things in the name of science, but also having fun,” he explained. “I’m basically there to be the butt of jokes. [Ria’s] there to be brilliant and clever.” DON'T MISS:Nick Ferrari slammed after claiming nurses ‘drank prosecco’ [REACTION]The Walking Dead’s Maggie star ‘hated’ Negan scene in 11B finale [INTERVIEW]NCIS fans fear for Gibbs’ future after 'concerning' clue [INSIGHT] The series kicks off on Wednesday night and is sure to entertain science enthusiasts and Grand Tour fans alike as the motoring show enjoys its current mid-series break. However, Richard also revealed he had concerns about bringing his new studio series to screens, as the format required a live audience. “We were worried we wouldn't be able to get to make Brain Reaction because, you know, people have got to come in and out," he told RadioTimes. "I really wanted a live studio audience. It really matters to me because these are comics. They feed off it and they need it. We do have one which is great. "I think viewers are very savvy and bright - we know what we want when we're watching TV. We know if somebody believes their subject. We know if the audience is there and if the comic is feeding off the live audience - you can tell. So I really wanted the audience there.” Brain Reaction will air over the next six weeks, though fans are still waiting for Richard, James and Jeremy to return for another instalment of The Grand Tour. After dropping their latest special, Carnage a Trois, on Prime Video back in December, the next episode of season four is speculated to be released later this year. Richard Hammond’s Brain Reaction airs Wednesdays at 9pm on Comedy Central. The Grand Tour seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Amazon Prime Video.