Max Verstappen attended a crunch meeting with Formula One Group CEO Stefano Domenicali on Thursday. Two of the Dutchman's concerns were supposedly on the agenda as Domenicali aimed to keep the star name onside before the Australian Grand Prix this weekend. Last week it was announced that Las Vegas would be added to the F1 calendar in 2023, and there is hope for the sport to return to Africa in the near future too. While the prospect of new additions is enough to get fans' mouths watering, it does not come without worry for the drivers who already have to contend with a busy race schedule. Verstappen had a meeting with Domenicali on Thursday to talk it out. The pair may have also covered the Red Bull man's gripe with Netflix and their popular Drive to Survive series, the latest of which Verstappen has refused to be a part of. "Of course they have to make money and try to make the sport more popular, but it's also important that the right tracks stay on the calendar and that we don't just go on street circuits in cities," the 24-year-old told De Telegraaf, "Ultimately, these cars are not made for that. He understands that, but he also has to take his shareholders into account. It won't be like it used to be, entertainment is becoming more important." JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton summoned to stewards after Australian Grand Prix practice incident Last month, Domenicali also pledged to address the concerns of drivers who remain reluctant to partake in interviews for Drive to Survive. The popular behind-the-scenes documentary is now into its fourth series and has served as an effective promotion tool for the sport, but Verstappen previously hit out over the creation of 'fake rivalries'. "It is to be understood that the dramatisation is part of the path to ignite interest but in this sense, there are themes that need to be redefined," the Italian told Gazzetta dello Sport, "If a driver refuses to participate because he is not being presented as he wants, we will talk about it constructively. 'Tell us how you want to be presented and we'll find a way'." "Netflix managers are already meeting with the teams, but we are on the topic of culture and language. If you want to be in touch with the US market, you have to speak that language - we need to adjust. But that does not mean upsetting us, of course." Red Bull fans will hope that the content of Verstappen's meeting with Domenicali will not play on his mind too much ahead of F1's return to action this weekend. Practice sessions are already underway in Melbourne with qualifying and the race pencilled in bright and early on Saturday and Sunday, at least in the UK. During the second practice session, Verstappen found himself in the familiar position of being sandwiched between the two Ferraris of Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz. There is little sign of a threat coming from Lewis Hamilton or Mercedes with the seven-time world champion languishing down in 13th. Fans will hope to see another instalment of white-knuckle racing on Sunday after Verstappen and Leclerc contested two blockbuster battles in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia, with each claiming one win in the season's first two races. 