Toby Young jeered at panicked Twitter users in an interview discussing the purchase of the social media platform by American billionaire Elon Musk. The associate editor of The Spectator declared the reaction of outraged Twitter users was “almost worth $45 billion” in entertainment value. Alongside broadcaster Julia Hartley-Brewer, the pair mocked liberal social media users who had “lost their collective minds over the horror” of the platform’s sale. Mr Young declared Twitter users were reacting as if the financial move were an “affront to democracy”. The associate editor proclaimed the reaction of Twitter users to be “ridiculous”. Mr Young highlighted “lots of social media companies are already owned by billionaires,” as he discussed the likes of Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg. He celebrated the move by Elon Musk as “a good example of capitalism working as it should.” Mr Young suggested the shift of ownership could invoke a revolution within social media as, “without exemption,” the prior control of platforms had been “left of centre”. Toby Young claimed moderators of social media networks had actively enforced a “woke orthodoxy” on platform users. Talk TV host Julia Hartley-Brewer highlighted the instance of then US President Donald Trump having his own Twitter account permanently suspended. Mc Hartley-Brewer argued the “left and the so-called liberals” had praised the “censorship” of political opposition. Mr Young outlined hopes for Elon Musk to “urgently review” users whose accounts had been “banned” under the guidance of previous moderators. Read more: 'Not going on!’ Donald Trump rejects chance to rejoin Twitter despite Mr Young suggested the history of Twitter account suspensions had a note of “political bias” against right wing political views. He called for Elon Musk to issue an “amnesty” to reinstate users that had been previously banned. In the Talk TV discussion, Ms Hartley-Brewer declared Twitter to be the epicentre of “public debate,” ahead of other social media platforms like Instagram and Facebook. She described the platform as “very very political,” a quality Elon Musk has promised to protect as the new owner. Don't miss:Elon Musk takes over Twitter as deal agreed [REPORT]Inside Elon Musk's 'free speech' Twitter plans after £34.5bn takeover [INSIGHT]How did Elon Musk become the richest man in the world?  [ANALYSIS] Elon Musk reached a deal with the board of Twitter directors to purchase the platform for $44 billion. In a tweet, the Tesla CEO declared “I hope that even my worst critics remain on Twitter because that is what free speech means.” In a statement announcing the purchase, Elon Musk detailed his hopes to “make Twitter better than ever,” and maintain free speech as the “bedrock” of the platform. The Twitter board of directors will now request the approval of shareholders to move forward with the deal which will see Twitter become a privately held company.  