 After March saw record petrol and diesel prices, drivers are looking at simple methods they can use to help save them money and boost their fuel efficiency. Motorists have been advised to slow down slightly on faster roads, as they could save a lot of money.  Driving at high speeds down dual carriageways and motorways means the car engine is operating at a higher RPM than it is on slower roads. The most efficient speed to drive at is between 55 and 65 miles per hour, according to the Energy Saving Trust. Driving at 70mph compared to 80mph on a motorway could save drivers 25 percent more fuel. When doing this, drivers should obviously drive at speeds appropriate to the road they are using. READ MORE: Scientists make breakthrough that doubles EV lifespans  Going slower saves fuel because at higher speeds, the engine is working harder to overcome drag from wind resistance. The tyres, the transmission and the drag of the car increase exponentially the faster the car travels. The RAC states: “Over the years the speed of 56mph has often been talked about as being the optimum speed. “This was due to the old fuel consumption test being run at three speeds: urban, 56mph and 75mph – and 56mph was always, unsurprisingly, the most efficient of these. DON'T MISSSevere concerns over car tax changes as drivers warned of road pricing [WARNING]New car tax changes introduced today with drivers paying more in VED [INSIGHT]Charging my electric car is nightmare: EV owner furious at charge hell [SHOCKING]  “Typically, cars are most efficient at 45-50mph. “As well as fuel economy differing from vehicle to vehicle, it is also dependent on a number of other factors such as tyre pressure, presence of roof racks, and driving style.” Current RAC Fuel Watch data shows that petrol and diesel prices hit their all-time record high price in March. Currently, drivers are facing average prices of 162.91p per litre for petrol and 176.98p for diesel, while premium fuels like super unleaded remain slightly below diesel at 175.523p per litre.  The RAC estimates that prices for unleaded, super unleaded and diesel “should fall”. In 2011, the Spanish Government introduced a 110km or 68 mile per hour speed limit on its motorways as part of a series of measures to cut petrol consumption by more than five percent. The Department for Transport states that a car speeding at 80mph uses 10 percent more fuel than one cruising at 70mph. The Government agency also argues that the fuel consumption of similar-sized cars can vary by as much as 45 percent.  By choosing the most fuel-efficient car in its class, rather than the one with the average emissions, overall fuel consumption can typically be reduced by up to 24 percent. Some drivers have looked into the viability of “hypermiling” which sees drivers using techniques to maximise every drop of fuel. Hypermilers have reported saving hundreds of pounds a year thanks to their techniques. This includes avoiding harsh braking and watching the flow of traffic to avoid stopping as much as possible.