Ochuko Ojiri signed up to both Bargain Hunt and its sister show Antiques Road Trip on BBC One in 2021, giving the shows a new lease of life. Ready with plenty of enthusiasm, Ochuko has been primed with bundles of enthusiasm when it comes to giving the Red and Blue teams a helping hand. So it's no wonder fans are eager to know more about the man and, in particular, that memorable hat of his. As Bargain Hunt fans will know all too well now, Ochuko is never seen without his trusty hat. In every episode he has appeared in so far, the expert has been wearing this accessory, no matter the weather. So what is the real reason behind the BBC One show star's regular uniform of hat and suit? According to the man himself, it goes way back, long before he started working on the hit daytime series. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge "For as long as I can remember, I've worn a hat every day," Ochuko explained to Style Savage. "I think it goes back to growing up in the 70s and 80s and seeing these old black guys in their hats, accessorising those sharp suits. "More than being underdressed, I feel undressed without a hat. "People fail to recognise me if, for whatever reason, I am hatless. Hats are an important part of my look." Ochuko continued he goes through "cycles of obsessions" with different kinds of hats. He also said he has got a "more formal hat" which he has worn on and off for the past decade. So it isn't an accessory Ochuko decided to wear when he become part of the Bargain Hunt cast but rather something he has chosen to wear since he was little. Of course, his other passion in life is antiques which he also collects when he is away from the camera. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed at Harry and Meghan's camera crew  [REACTION]Philip Serrell wife: Who is the Bargain Hunt expert married to? [RELATIONSHIP]What did Roo Irvine do before Bargain Hunt? [EXPLAINER] Ochuko is an avid collector of contemporary art, paintings, sculptures and drawings. This hobby of his assists with his everyday work on Bargain Hunt, giving teams an insight into more modern collectibles. He says his favourite part of the job is "meeting new people and breathing new life and context into forgotten and neglected treasures". Ochuko will be on TV once again when Bargain Hunt returns for another episode on Wednesday, April 20 on BBC One. The synopsis for this next instalment reads: "Ardingly in West Sussex is the location for today’s programme. "Christina Trevanion is in charge, with experts Nick Hall and Ochuko Ojiri helping the red and blue teams spend £300 on antiques. "Christina looks at the interesting names we have for collectors of different antiques. "As usual, the teams face profits and losses at the auction, but which team will come out on top?" Bargain Hunt is available to watch every weekday at 12.15pm on BBC One.