Fire crews were deployed to the scene, which unfolded at Bassetlaw NHS Trust earlier today. Hospital parking at the front of the department was closed. The hospital said the incident occurred after a "patient presented after exposure to an unknown chemical substance".  Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service was called to the hospital at 5.10am. Crews were sent from across the county and from neighbouring Leicestershire. According to a social media post from Doncaster and Bassetlaw Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, the rest of the hospital was unaffected. The fire and rescue response was scaled down after first being deployed and the hospital has now reopened.  When the incident first occurred, the hospital said: "Please note, colleagues are currently dealing with an incident within the Emergency Department at Bassetlaw Hospital, which means the service is temporarily closed. "The area directly in front of the main entrance is also not available for parking - alternative arrangements have been made within the triangle car park. "We are currently working closely with partners and will update shortly when this matter has been resolved." The hospital said that the "appropriate decontamination procedures" have now been followed, reassuring the public that "no additional harm occurred".   In an update posted to Facebook at 9.15am, the hospital said "We anticipate Bassetlaw Hospital’s Emergency Department to reopen at 9.30am. "The service was temporarily closed earlier this morning as a patient presented after exposure to an unknown chemical substance. "The appropriate decontamination procedures were followed and colleagues worked with the relevant agencies. "Following final checks, the Emergency Department will safely reopen - no additional harm occurred during this incident and we thank colleagues for their response and our communities for their patience in this matter." The hospital reopened at 10am. Just last week, two people were taken to hospital with "breathing difficulties" after a chemical leak occurred in a hotel in York. A total of 14 others were being monitored after the incident, which triggered a huge emergency response.     At least eight fire engines, several ambulances and multiple police cars were deployed to the scene. Another similar incident occurred last month when 29 people were taken to hospital in London after a "major" chemical incident at the London Aquatics Centre. A total of 200 people were evacuated from the centre as a result of the incident. London Air Ambulance teams were also dispatched after those affected by the incident were reporting "minor breathing difficulties". In December 2021, Russells Hall Hospital A&E department was temporarily closed after a chemical incident. A patient walked into the department reportedly declaring they had "anthrax". Eight police cars were called to the hospital while ambulance crews were diverted to the incident. West Midlands Ambulance Service said: "We were alerted to a temporary closure of the A&E Department at Russells Hall Hospital last night (Thursday). "The Trust deployed two paramedic officers to the scene to assist hospital staff. "We implemented standard procedures to divert ambulances to New Cross, Walsall and Sandwell Hospitals and in the end, only five patients had to be diverted." The spokesman added: "The A&E Department reopened at 8.15pm."