Just because it's Friday and you're excited about the weekend, it doesn't mean you should forget about the daily Wordle puzzle. Available for one day only, Wordle 307 is another fairly tricky puzzle, although not quite on the same level as some of the teasers we've seen this week. If you're finding it tough to crack the code and figure out the answer to today's Wordle puzzle, then head to the bottom of the page for three spoiler-free hints and clues for Wordle 307 for April 22. A fantastic game when you've got ten minutes to spare, Wordle tasks players with figuring out a five letter word in six attempts. Sounds simple, but it can be a lot harder than you think. If you want to solve those Wordle puzzles, then you'll need to pay close attention to the colour of the tiles after each guess. If the letter tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. The app keeps track of your statistics, showing the number of correct answers you've managed, as well as your winning streak. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. You'll also lose your precious winning streak. Read on for some general Wordle tips, followed by three specific clues for Wordle 307 on April 22... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 307 hints and clues for April 22... 1. Wordle 307 starts with the letter P. 2. Wordle 307 contains just one vowel. 3. It starts with a seed.