During Monday's all-new episode of The Chase, ITV host Bradley Walsh welcomed four new contestants onto the show. Fran, Ben, Darshika and Matthew had to work together as they each went head to head with Paul 'The Sinnerman' Sinha. If they made it to the final, the players would then have to answer as many questions correctly within two minutes, in the hopes of beating Paul. Retired safety officer Fran was the first contestant to take on Paul but she didn't get off to the best start in the cash-builder round. After answering three questions correctly, Fran decided to play it safe and took Paul's lower offer of £1,000. The contestant sailed through her round and host Bradley even pointed out she could have won the £3,000 if she'd risked it. Ben was up next and despite answering an impressive six questions correctly in his quickfire round, quizzer Paul didn't seem impressed. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry The Sinnerman labelled Ben's effort a "shambles" and told him it was one of the "least impressive" cash-builders he'd ever seen. "Ben, £6,000," Bradley began as the player replied: "It's alright, yeah." The host continued: "It's alright if I gave you £6,000 in cash and said, 'Give it here', you'd say no?" "So it's not alright, it's great," he added as Ben joked: "Can we? Then I won't have to do all of this." As Paul came out to face Ben, he said: "Hello, Ben, first things out the way £6,000 is an excellent score, well played. "However, that is the least impressive £6,000 I have ever seen in all my years of watching cash-builders. "That was a shambles, absolutely all over the place." When it came to his offer, Paul gave the player a low offer of £600 or a high offer of £30,000. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Amy Barlow blamed for Summer Spellman death [SPOILERS]Steve Fletcher opens up on getting sister Suzie Repair Shop role [INSIGHT]Vera star speaks on having exclusive access to key location [NEWS] However, Ben decided to play it safe and went with the £6,000 he'd won so far. The player stormed through his round against Paul, and he would have had a good chance of winning the £30,000 if he'd tried. However, the game took a turn when player Darshika had to face Paul. The contestant really struggled through her cash-builder round and passed on a number of questions. After answering two questions correctly, rather than trying to win what she'd already banked, Darshika took a risk and went for Paul's high offer of £40,000. Darshika stunned both Paul and Bradley as she managed to win the £40,000 for her team. Matthew also sailed through his round and after answering six questions correctly he won £6,000. However, things didn't go to plan for the contestants in the final round as they only managed to answer 14 questions. It was touch and go for Paul, who managed to beat his opponents with just a few seconds remaining. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.