Kate and Prince William tied the knot on April 29 2011 at Westminster Abbey, in front of nearly 1,900 guests. Among them there were the Queen and her husband Prince Philip.  While the Duke and Duchess did not mark their anniversary on social media this year, the official Royal Family account did celebrate the occasion by retweeting a post by Westminster Abbey, the couple’s wedding ceremony venue. The photo left the royal fans nostalgic with many recalling the wedding day. A fan Ediee Foskew tweeted: “As Adam Lindsay Gordon said ‘Life is mostly froth and bubble, two things stand like stone. Kindness in another's struggle, courage in your own’- they are A Kind and Courageous Couple.” Another fan Jackie Keiper Black tweeted: “Happy 11th anniversary to TRH The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. They are true examples of what it means to be Royal.   “11 years! Wonderful. It would be my late husband, Ed and my 61st anniversary today!” William and Kate, 40, celebrated their 10th-anniversary last year by releasing new portraits as well as a sweet video giving a glimpse into their home life with their three children: Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 6, and Prince Louis, 4. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge normally celebrate their special day privately. Last year, to mark their first decade as a married couple, Kensington Palace released two new portraits which mirrored the photographs taken in 2010 to announce the couple's engagement. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton’s wedding tiara was almost shunnedAir France plane ‘went nutsPsychologist slams Parliament's ‘boozy environment’ The photograph was loved by the fans on Instagram as well. User Ylgrbnv commented: “love you wonderful couple.” Another user Katherinewaistell recalled the day and commented: “My daughter's birthday. She was 1 on the day they got married. “I didn’t know what to do, watch the wedding or my daughter open prezzies.” The Duke and Duchess met at St Andrews University in 2001, when they were both studying for an Art History bachelor's degree. The pair did not immediately start to date but, rather, struck up a close friendship which lasted for several months before the romance blossomed. During their four-year-long studies, Prince William and Kate moved in together, with the Duke enjoying a life as normal as possible thanks to the media blackout agreed upon between British journalists and Buckingham Palace. The couple's love story was brought to a halt in 2007, when they split for a few weeks, however they were soon reunited. 