Roy Keane has suggested there is “something not right” with Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku after his latest misfire in front of goal. The Belgian star came off the bench late on in the Blues’ FA Cup semi-final victory over Crystal Palace but was guilty of a horror miss after hitting the post from close range. Timo Werner put a low cross on a plate for Lukaku to tap home, but the struggling striker somehow steered his effort onto the post from four yards out. The 28-year-old had started on the bench again after Thomas Tuchel bluntly claimed the club’s record signing was lacking fitness, and his latest day to forget in front of goal would have hardly convinced the German he was wrong. And Keane, working as a pundit for the game for ITV Sport, questioned the striker’s desire after piling onto his problems in front of goal. "Hit the target. Sometimes you have to ask a striker how badly do you really want to score? His mindset... Something's not right,” Keane said. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel says Loftus-Cheek 'hides talent' after Palace win It did not affect the outcome out of the game, with Tuchel’s side advancing to the final with a 2-0 win after goals from Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Mason Mount. But it marks another sour moment in Lukaku’s Chelsea career since he moved back to west London. Lukaku has scored just five goals in the Premier League this season and is yet to score a league goal in 2022. His total of 12 goals in all competitions is hardly representative of a player who commanded the second-highest fee paid by an English club and he has been linked with a return to Inter Milan after making ill-timed comments about missing life in Italy back in December. DON'T MISSChelsea ace Mount warns Liverpool of 'payback' as BluesChelsea star Havertz told he should have been sent off for diveHazard's brother speaks out on future amid Chelsea and Arsenal links As the discussion moved on to Lukaku’s future, former Chelsea man Joe Cole admitted Lukaku is playing for his future at the club just nine months on from his £97.5million move from Inter Milan: “Without a shadow of a doubt. When he came into the club we thought he was the missing piece of the jigsaw, that target man,” he added. “It didn't happen for him, he got an injury, it's just sort of got away from him. He can come back as quickly as it can go. If he scores last week against Real Madrid, if he scores today, he could be starting in the cup final, then things look rosy. Football can change in one game.” But Keane called on Lukaku to show more to his manager in order to salvage his career, responding: "He's got to make a change though. It's got to go back to the player. How badly does he want to save his Chelsea career?”