The Jupiter Icy Moons Explorer - shortened to Juice - is the name that the European Space Agency (ESA) has awarded for its mission to explore three of Jupiter’s moons. Scientists have planned for Juice to explore the planet’s Jovian system and search for oceans on Jupiter’s icy moons. In anticipation of the launch date for next year the ESA is hosting a media event on Tuesday, April 5, 2022. The event is pencilled to get underway from 12am CEST (10am GMT) from the Airbus Defence and Space’s cleanrooms in Toulouse, France. Attendees will be able to take photographs and videos of Juice for one and a half hours before having the opportunity to interview ESA and Airbus experts. The ESA has said its spacecraft is starting its electromagnetic compatibility testing and will be in a “once in an Earth time” configuration upon its unveiling.  READ MORE: Germany backs down and REFUSES to cut energy ties with Russia In short, this means that all of its instruments are now integrated and the 16-metre long antenna for Juice’s RIME instrument (Radar for Icy Moons Exploration) will be fully deployed to perform the tests. Anyone who’s not able to attend the event in person can watch it live, via the ESA’s social media channels, when it begins at 10am GMT. The space agency’s YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram channels will all be showcasing highlights of the event.  According to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), Jupiter has 53 named moons and another 26 awaiting official names. The ESA plans to explore three of these - Ganymede, Callisto and Europa - which make up Jupiter’s largest ocean bearing moons. At present, the mission is planned for launch in 2023 and arrival at Jupiter in 2031. When it does arrive at Jupiter, scientists want to characterise the three moons as both “planetary objects and possible habitats”.  DON'T MISS:  Kremlin directly explodes at UK with new announcement [NEWS]£33m-winning family face almost 50 objections for Hollywood mansion [INSIGHT]Kate’s concern after giving birth to Prince Louis [EXPLAINED] They also plan to explore Jupiter’s complex environment in depth, and study its wider system as an archetype for gas giants across the Universe. By doing so, the ESA hopes to then answer two core themes of its “Cosmic Vision” programme. These are:  Ganymede - the largest moon we know of. It’s bigger than Mercury and Pluto. It has a magnetic field, atmosphere and it may also have an underground saltwater ocean. Europa - the smallest of the so-called Galilean moons of Jupiter, but one of the most exciting. It’s also thought to have an ocean below its frozen outer shell that may have existed since the formation of the Solar System. Callisto - Jupiter’s second largest moon after Ganymede, has a dull, lifeless look about it, but is now also thought to have an underground ocean. 