Kyiv has asked for heavy weapons and planes as part of its defence against Vladimir Putin. The West has boosted the supply of weapons to Ukraine but previous discussions about providing MiG-29s - which are also used by Poland and Bulgaria - were halted because the plans were seen as too risky in increasing tensions between Russia and NATO. Slovakia, which neighbours Ukraine, operates a dozen MiG-29 planes and has already given Kyiv its Soviet-designed S-300 air defence system. Bratislava is expecting the first deliveries of US-made F-16 jets in 2024, from a batch of 18 it agreed to buy in 2018. On Monday, Slovakia's Prime Minister Eduard Heger was asked about allies helping to secure airspace and the possibility of giving MiG-29s to Ukraine. He responded: "After how the Russian Federation has behaved now, Soviet-made equipment is becoming very risky. Therefore your question is in place and comes into consideration." Mr Heger told POLITICO last week his government has been asked to provide Ukraine with the MiG-29 fighter aircraft as well as Slovak-made Zuzana self-propelled howitzers.  He said Slovakia is in a very intensive discussion with its allies about who would protect the country’s airspace. Mr Heger added: "After that, we can consider speaking about this equipment in regard with Ukraine as well." Russia said on Monday it had used cruise missiles to destroy S-300 anti-aircraft missile systems supplied to Ukraine by an unidentified European country. The Russian defence ministry said Moscow launched Kalibr cruise missiles on Sunday against four S-300 launchers concealed in a hangar on the outskirts of the Ukrainian city of Dnipro.  READ MORE ABOUT BORIS JOHNSON'S FAMILY DAY OUT Russia said 25 Ukrainian troops were hit in the attack. Slovak government spokesperson Lubica Janikova said: "Our S-300 was not destroyed." Meanwhile, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday that Moscow's "military operation" in Ukraine would undoubtedly achieve what he described as its "noble" objectives. Putin, speaking at an awards ceremony at the Vostochny Cosmodrome in Russia's Far East, he was quoted by Russian news agencies as saying that Moscow had no other choice but to launch a "military operation" to protect Russia and that a clash with Ukraine's anti-Russian forces had been inevitable.   DON'T MISS: ‘Chemical weapon’ horror as Putin drops ‘poisonous substance’ on city [REVEALED] Andrew Neil pinpoints nightmare NATO scenario for Putin [LATEST] Putin's economy in freefall as Russian Railways crashes into default [REPORT] Putin said of Russia's military campaign: "Its goals are absolutely clear and noble." The Russian leader added that the main aim of Moscow's military intervention in Ukraine was to save people in the eastern Donbas region where Russian-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian forces since 2014. He said: "On the one hand, we are helping and saving people, and on the other, we are simply taking measures to ensure the security of Russia itself. It's clear that we didn't have a choice. It was the right decision." It comes as Ukraine's Deputy Defence Minister Hanna Malyar said on Tuesday that Kyiv is checking unverified information Russia may have used chemical weapons during the siege of Mariupol.  Ms Malyar said: "There is a theory that these could be phosphorous munitions." Russia-backed separatist forces trying to wrest control of the port city have denied using chemical weapons in comments published by the Russian news agency Interfax. Mariupol's city council wrote on the Telegram messaging service it was not yet possible to examine the area where the poisonous substance was allegedly used due to enemy fire. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky warned on Monday that Moscow could use chemical weapons in his country.  Britain and the US have said they are aware of reports Russia may have used chemical agents in Mariupol. The UK said it is working with partners to verify the reports. Russia had previously accused Ukraine of preparing to use chemical weapons, without providing evidence. 