Therabody has recently launched the TheraFace PRO and its new facial device that combines eight different treatments into one. The brand new product is more cost effective than buying individual products and is still highly effective at treating all skin problems. If you’re looking to invest in your skin or want to gift a luxurious present to a loved one, the TheraFace PRO is the perfect solution. Launched last week, the brand new device is the first-of-its-kind from Therabody and optimises its technology by offering eight professional facial treatments in one device. Facial devices have risen in popularity over the past few years but most devices only offer one treatment. Multi-functional and offering science-backed facial therapies, the TheraFace PRO can be used for deep cleansing, microcurrent toning, LED light therapy, percussive therapy, hot ring and cold ring. One of the standout features of the TheraFace PRO is that it offers three levels for each treatment, with everything from low to high intensity. In addition, the LED light therapy features offers three different kinds of LED lights to treat ageing, acne and stimulate collagen production. The TheraFace PRO is also a great tool to help with jaw and neck pain as there’s a flat, cone and micro-point attachment that can be used to gently massage the face. Shoppers can choose to use the device to help a range of problems including skin care, headaches and jaw pain, so its versatile to suit different types of people. Dr. Jason Wersland, Founder and Chief Wellness Officer of Therabody, said: “Therabody’s solutions have a long track record of helping people feel better, recover faster, and achieve health and well-being.” He added: “We applied our origins and expertise in percussive therapy to create a game-changing product with a precise amplitude and other modalities specifically designed for the face.” The TheraFace PRO is available online at Therabody for £375 with free shipping. It’s also available on John Lewis, Harrods and soon to Selfridges and Boots. The Hot and Cold Rings are extra additions can be bought here for £79. According to a clinical study by Therabody with 35 US-based participants with ages ranging from 25 to 61, 94 percent reported that their skin looked overall healthier after 12 weeks. Plus, 89 percent observed a decrease in wrinkles and felt that their skin was more rejuvenated. The participants of the study all completed a six minute routine six times a week, with a 45 minute treatment one day a week. You can find out more about the TheraFace Pro here.