Psychic, astrologist and tarot reader Inbaal said: "Dog breeds have their own likes and dislikes, and different star signs have unique characteristics. It's best if they fit well together." People born under the sign are ambitious and adventurous, so an active dog will most likely suit their lifestyle. Playful breeds are particularly compatible with them and, as Aries are natural-born leaders, it's a good idea to choose a dog that can follow commands well. Active breeds such as Labradors, German Shepherds, and Golden Retrievers are the perfect option. Inbaal explained: "These breeds make perfect companions for adventurous Aries, who enjoy burning off lots of energy outside." Taurus value loyalty, which makes them perfect dog owners. They are also quick learners, that's why they'll be suited to a dog that also shares these characteristics. Boxers are one of the most loyal breeds and the perfect match for a Taurus. Other intelligent dog breeds include Border Collies, German Shepherds, and Shetland Sheepdogs. Geminis are intelligent, passionate and fun. Inbaal said they need a dog that matches their energy: "Speedy doggies who love company would suit them well." An energetic breed, such as a Dalmatian, Greyhound, or Jack Russell Terrier would fit perfectly with a Gemini. Bearded Collies also love to have fun. READ MORE: Zara and Mike Tindall share ‘strong bond’ with Kate and William  Inbaal said Cancers are incredibly family orientated: "Caring Cancerians are home-loving and would enjoy a dog that likes to snuggle by the fire." Rottweilers are great family dogs, loving and friendly. Pugs, Shih Tzus, and Neapolitan Mastiffs are also great options. Inbaal explained Leos need brave and dominant breeds: "Those born under the sign of the lion are proud and strong." They are also very sociable so a playful breed, such as a Corgi or a Labrador, will be their ideal companion. Brave and loyal dogs, such as Kuvasz, Daschund, and Rough Collie breeds could also complement Leo's personality very well. Virgos love to stay busy, so an active dog would suit their lifestyle best. Siberian Huskies are a hardworking breed, as well as Staffordshire Bull Terriers. Staffies are also gentle and loving dogs that match Virgo's personality.  Libras are indecisive so they need a patient and gentle dog. They are also very sociable, so a friendly and outgoing furry friend would be the best match. Calm breeds such as Shih Tzus, Pugs, and Greyhounds are ideal, as well as Newfoundlands. Scorpios are secretive and don't give much away. That's why a quiet dog is perfect for them. A Dalmatian is the best match for anyone born under the star sign. Adventurer and fun, an independent dog is the best match for Sagittarius. Dachshunds are very sociable and fun but also easy to travel with. Playful Corgis also suit the star sign's personality. Capricorns are responsible and realistic. Inbaal recommended dogs who are hardworking and quick learners. One of the best-matched breeds for a Capricorn is a Shiba. They're one of the most independent and intelligent breeds. Playful Poodles are also a great option. Those born under the star sign are intelligent and love to help. A smart and independent dog is their perfect match. Havanese and Labradors are both loving and smart, perfect for Aquarius. Pisceans are generous, compassionate and loving so rescue dogs match their personality very well. Maltese work well with the personality of a Pisces as they are bright and incredibly affectionate, while St Bernards are another loving breed, who also have the sensitivity of a Pisces.