Warning: This article contains spoilers for Ozark season four. Marty Byrde (played by Jason Bateman) and his wife Wendy (Laura Linney) made a final bid for freedom in the heart-stopping final seven episodes of Netflix’s hit crime series. Meanwhile, Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) makes herself an enemy of the Navarro cartel when she takes revenge for the death of her cousin, Wyatt (Charlie Tahan). Ozark delivered plenty of surprises in the second half of season four, but did fans get the ending they wanted? Fans of Netflix’s hit crime drama have been split down the middle by the bold yet risky conclusion to its fourth and final season. In an extended last outing, the Byrdes returned to make one final push to escape from under the thumb of the Navarro cartel. The second half also picks up with a vengeful Ruth, who is out for blood against Javi Elizonndro (Alfonso Herrera Rodriguez) for the murder of her cousin, Wyatt. Unfortunately, the cartel’s new boss Camila Elizonndro (Veronica Falcón), Javi’s mother, is hot on her trail and ends the season by shooting Ruth in the chest. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy Viewers were distraught to see Ruth meet her inevitable downfall, but many were disappointed when Wendy and Marty failed to get their comeuppance. After years of getting away with murder, corruption and fraud, fans were furious when the Byrde family remained unscathed and unpunished by the end of the series. Twitter user Cody fumed: “Okay, Ozark had to have the most unsatisfying and dumbest ending of any single show I’ve ever watched. What a massive disappointment.” And Redditor Multiple_Issues 7 said: “As someone who was an avid fan of s1-3, this season is just complete b******t. Weak, dull and unsatisfying.” Not only did the Byrdes remain on top, but their corruptive influence on their children became clear in the final moments before the credits rolled. When private detective Mel Sattem (Adam Rothenberg) confronts them about the murder of Wendy’s brother Ben (Tom Pelphrey), the Byrdes’ son Jonah (Skylar Gaertner) is quick to grab a shotgun and aim it at the unwelcome guest. Although it’s unclear who exactly he shoots, Marty gives a signal before the screen goes black and a shot is heard, heavily implying it's Mel who gets a face full of buckshot. Some fans were also confused with Mel’s introduction to Ozark if the series was just going to end with the Byrdes winning, despite his investigation. DON'T MISS:Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco pays teary tribute to co-star [COMMENT]Grace and Frankie ending: Dolly Parton's cameo in finale explained [INSIGHT]Kevin Costner on challenges of launching project away from Yellowstone [INTERVIEW] Redditor Xyzjr said: “What's the point of having a fourth season if the Byrdes winning it all and becoming a big shot philanthropist family is exactly how season three was heading? “Why add Mel to the plot just to have him uncover all the s**t the Byrdes did and just die? Why all those subplots? Why Wendy's dad?” “Moral of the story: Don't expect much from mass media shows. They just want your sweet long watch hours.” OhNoATriple commented: “Can't say the ending was bad, but I expected better after all the build-up. The Byrdes just simply win? They were able to conveniently remove and get rid of any obstacles? Disappointed." However, craziiawesome argued: “Loved that all the Byrdes survived in the end. So unexpected and nice to see a show not actually kill one of them off just because fans wanted/expected them to. Sad about Ruth though.” Queenofnoone added: “Heartbroken about Ruth’s death, what an iconic character and performance by Julie Garner.” After months of rumours and speculation about who would live and who would die, Ozark’s legion of fans certainly wasn’t given the outcome they were expecting. Even so, the final episodes have proven just as anxiety-inducing and riveting as ever for most of the audience, even if the Byrdes didn’t get what they deserved. Ozark seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.