German car giant BMW will offer buyers of its new electric i7 one of the largest in-car screens ever seen with the bonus of Amazon Fire TV built-in. The system is capable of streaming 4K UHD films via 5G to a whopping 31.3” display. BMW boasts that the ‘Cinecar’ will allow people to “play games, listen to music and watch downloaded programs – all while on the road and in complete comfort and luxury.” The i7 xdrive60, which launches in December, will be the first battery-powered 7 series made by the Bavarian company. The flagship 7 series has had a full redesign, with the styling dividing opinion somewhat. But inside it’s unlikely to gain anything other than admiring stares with built-in touch screen remotes in the door panels and an automated rear shade system that closes when the BMW Theatre Screen is turned on. READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine The huge screen spreads out horizontally across virtually the full width of the interior and extends down from the headliner to the front seat backrests. It folds into the ceiling to be out of the way when not in use, and can be moved closer or further from the rear passengers to put it within arm’s reach for touch controls. When the screen moves into position, the sunblinds for the side windows, rear window and panoramic glass sunroof are closed and the ambient lighting in the rear compartment is dimmed. Just to add a touch more drama, that sequence is set to a sound specially composed by Hans Zimmer of Batman and Interstellar fame. Passengers won’t get all the fun in the new range though as the front features two massive screens, a 12.3-inch information display behind the steering wheel and a control display with a screen diagonal of 14.9 inches. The cars also introduce something called the BMW interaction bar which extends across the instrument panel and into the door trim. BMW says it means getting in and out of the car will be “accompanied by a welcome/goodbye production” and it will even let people know when it’s safe to do so. The bar also houses touch-sensitive control panels for adjusting the ventilation and climate control, activating the hazard warning lights and opening the glove compartment. The electric 7 series has some impressive driving stats to go with the heated armrests and cashmere seats. The motor driving the rear wheels generates a peak output of 313hp, while the unit at the front axle produces 258hp. Those drive units deliver a combined maximum output of 544hp and posts overall torque of 745Nm. That means the xDrive60 will do 0 to 62mph in 4.7 seconds, which is pretty rapid for a car this big. It has a 102kWh battery that gives you up to 388 miles of range. It’s also compatible with 195kW fast charging, enough to give an extra 106 miles of range in about 10 minutes. BMW has also confirmed it will build an even faster i7 M70 in the future. That will pack 660hp and 1,000Nm of torque, making it the most powerful BMW road car in history.