Bedscaping has become a new craze among interior enthusiasts and homeowners. The trend involves creating a luxurious, comfortable bedroom using just bedding. Bedscapes are making waves on social media with people sharing their sleeping spaces with strangers online. Google searches for “bedroom interior design” have increased by 83 percent from January to March 2022. Rhiannon Johns, trained interior designer and brand manager at Piglet in Bed exclusively told Express.co.uk how to create a “hotel-style bedroom”. The interior pro said creating a “hotel-style” room doesn’t mean you have to “remortgage your house”. She said: “A thick fluffy duvet with a natural filling such as Merino wool will create that desired cloud-like effect that you see in luxury hotels. READ MORE: How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas “Fold the duvet over twice at the end near to the pillows to add even more height. “A super-soft fitted sheet made out of 100 percent linen will create a beautifully cosy effect that you’ll be desperate to dive into. “Mix and match pillows and cushions in a variety of sizes and add a soft throw to add layers of natural texture.” Some of Rhiannon’s tips for creating a perfect bedscape include embracing floral decor, seasonal colours and layering with a throw.  DON'T MISSHow to save spring bulbs after flowering - 4 easy steps to follow [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share dishwasher tablet tip to clean oven doors [UPDATE]Avoid keeping milk in door compartment of fridge to save hundreds [ANALYSIS] To really make a bedroom or guest room pop, Rhiannon suggested going for a bouquet and evergreen plants. Some plants don’t only brighten up a room but can purify the air while you sleep. For spring, Rhiannon suggested going for seasonal plants or flowers. Tulips, daffodils, hyacinths or a calathea plant, can really brighten up your bedscape. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea With the warmer weather now here, it’s time to swap out dark winter bedding for warmer tones. Those with a neutral backdrop can try warmer tones such as blush pink. People who don’t like pink could try burnt orange or lake blue. Rhiannon said these are both calming and comfortable colours which can set the tone for spring.  Different textures can also help draw the eye towards different elements. Linen is the best choice for spring as it's breathable and easily washable. Linen can either be ironed or left to create a crumpled effect. Draping a stonewashed throw across the corner of a duvet can add contrast. Not only is a tool an ideal decorating tool but it can provide a touch of comfort too.