Britain's Got Talent has been airing its 15th season on ITV and the third round of auditions is coming up. A whole host of performers will take to the stage at the London Palladium Theatre to impress judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time to tune in. With the live semi-finals drawing ever closer, the heat is on for the remaining hopefuls to earn their place. Two golden buzzers have been awarded already, with The Greatest Showman singer Loren Allred getting Amanda's free pass straight through to the semi-final. Simon also offered his golden buzzer vote to comedian Axel Blake. Viewers are eager to see who else will win over the remaining judges and secure a place in the live shows. The upcoming episode will air at 8pm on ITV and will end at 9.15pm. READ MORE: Simon Cowell speaks on shaking up BGT judging panel Long-running fans of the show were disappointed to see the follow-up series Britain's Got More Talent had not made a comeback. Stephen Mulhern hosted Britain's Got More Talent on ITV2 alongside the main show for more than 10 years. Yet the series, featuring extra behind the scenes moments and auditions, came to an end in 2019. Bosses decided to turn their attention to the main show and its social media networks. But viewers claimed they had no idea the show had come to an end. At this moment in time there is no official date for when the semi-finals will begin. The semi-final shows take place daily, until the grand final later this year. As always, the winner will bag themselves £250,000 and the chance to perform at the Royal Variety Performance. The last time the show was on air was in 2020 when comedic singer Jon Courtenay won the series. DON'T MISS... 'Sorry for having an opinion!' BGT's Simon Cowell defends critique [VIDEO]'Never has a dog wanted to leave more' Simon Cowell cringes at BGT act [DISCUSSION] 'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands [INSIGHT] The talent show did not air in 2021 due to the Covid pandemic. Viewer backlash has dominated headlines this time around, with some accusing the results of being "fixed". Fans criticised Amanda for putting American professional singer Loren through to the semi-final. Simon also received backlash for securing Axel a place, as he already has his own comedy show. Following his audition, Axel appeared on Good Morning Britain and he spoke about his career. He said he had performed at O2 Indigo, the smaller venue at London's O2 Arena. Other quirky acts this year include the Phantom Man who got Amanda up on stage to take part. Yet fans think they have figured out how the chalk moved itself on the blackboard. @SgHaras said on Twitter: “What a load of rubbish the chalk moved from the centre to the side of the board without making a mark. “And no way did she pull a big set of keys out #BGT.”  Britain's Got Talent airs on ITV on Saturday at 8pm.