Thumb-sucking Janiel Verainer of High Street, Chatham, had appeared in court before Christmas dressed as an elf. Before a sentencing hearing last week, Verainer, 61, left a dummy on a counter during a routine search at Maidstone Crown Court. Verainer sobbed on hearing the charge of breaching a legal order carried a maximum two year sentence as he sat in the dock wearing pigtails, an Alice band, dress, long socks and a cape. Judge Philip St John-Stevens was told Verainer kissed two young children on the lips after playing piano at a gathering in 2019. It breached a Sexual Harm Prevention Order made at Canterbury Crown Court in 2016 which required Verainer to stay away from children. Verainer asked to be called Jorven Seren and claimed to identify as a five-year-old girl at the 2016 hearing.  However, he was jailed for 15 months for kissing a girl outside a cafe in Thanet. Then living in Grotto Hill, Margate, indecent images were also found on his phone. The defendant was told off by the judge for hugging a large doll throughout the 2016 hearing. Psychiatrists had told the court Verainer had personality problems but no mental health issues.  READ MORE ABOUT A UK TRADE REVOLUTION Verainer admitted the 2019 offence before Christmas, entering court dressed in a red and green seasonal outfit, with a woollen cardigan, Santa Claus badge as well as a red and green elf-like cap. Defence barrister Eve George told the judge her client was "absolutely terrified" of returning to prison. The convicted sex offender, who admitted the breach, was given a seven-month jail term suspended for 18 months on Friday.  DON'T MISS: Putin humiliation as Russian forces lost 70 percent of missiles [REVEALED] Putin humiliated by mouse as Russian chopper destroyed in Ukraine [REPORT] Macron's victory night in tatters with Paris deadly protests [LATEST] He was also ordered to carry out 20 rehabilitation days with the probation service to address his mental health. The judge did not order Verainer to pay the £1,800 costs of bringing the case to court, but he extended the Sexual Harm Prevention Order to 2030. 