Last week Prince Andrew made his first public appearance since settling the sexual assault case filed against him by Virginia Giuffre, whose allegations he vehemently denied. He attended his late father, the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service, alongside his mother and other members of the family. Pictures of the pair walking down the aisle and Andrew helping his mother to her seat were circulated in the media, however, it has since been revealed the photographer who took the photos was told by the royal press team to not take pictures of the pair. GB News host Isabel Webster kicked off the discussion with royal journalist and author Robert about the photographer's decision. She said: "The photographer attending the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service has revealed he was told not to photograph Prince Andrew, who accompanied the Queen at Westminster Abbey last week. "It comes as the Duke of York is set to join Her Majesty at the Epsom races during the jubilee celebrations this summer. "Robert, let's just get your reaction to this news that the photographer that was given access to this memorial broke protocol. READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits "Just explain how difficult and privileged it is to be nominated as the only photographer in there and what the advice from the palace was, and how significant it is that he broke those rules." Robert explained: "Well, I was sitting only a few yards away from him when he was there, he was chaperoned by the press advisor, the press team for the palace. "He was on the royal rota, so he was sort of under their jurisdiction to a certain degree, of course, bottom line was we broke the story on GB News that Andrew was going to accompany the Queen to the event. "Of course, that then became the story, so quite rightly, as the news photographer, he decided to take that picture. "But it is difficult because you're under their rules, but I am sure if you don't get that picture, the editor would be asking 'What on earth he was doing?'" Isabel added: "Will he be struck off then to be able to ever get on that royal pool again?" "I think if that happens, there will be uproar," Robert exclaimed. "I think the palace got it completely wrong from beginning to end on this. "The reality is the photographer was there to report the news as other reporters were, you can't be controlled by the palace. DON'T MISS...Prince Andrew's 'weird' Falklands post made him 'look desperate' [INSIGHT]Aussie TV host savages Prince Andrew public return [LATEST]Queen warned Prince Andrew's Epsom presence could be a PR threat [WATCH] "During the pandemic, there has been far too much control of this royal rota, what can be embargoed and what can't be. "Frankly, they have utilised it to almost stage-manage what they want in the papers, and what they don't, I don't think they can continue to do this," he fumed. Robert continued: "We can understand it when there were restrictions in the pandemic, and I can understand all that, but I can't understand to completely organise the agenda to suit themselves. "The story was there, and all the reporters were there to tell the story, not the image that the palace want, and I think once we broke the story on GB News, there was an image of them actually getting out of the car so what happened after that, did he just disappear?" It has been reported Prince Andrew will now accompany Queen Elizabeth to the Epsom races after his first public appearance. A source revealed: "He was meant to stay invisible during the Platinum Jubilee, so there is no way he will be at events like Trooping the Colour. “But the Queen needs a chaperone on all occasions at the moment due to her mobility issues, and Andrew has earmarked the Derby as the one he will accompany her at. “He just doesn’t seem to understand the public outcry." Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.