  EastEnders star Tamzin Outhwaite has taken on a new challenge this year, as viewers will watch her compete in new BBC show Freeze The Fear. However, the actress shared that early on during filming, she was scared of suffering a heart attack like her mum had years before.     Tamzin, 51, is best known for playing the popular character Mel Owen on the BBC soap EastEnders. In Freeze The Fear, fans will have a chance to watch the actress quite literally take the plunge, as one of their first tasks involved jumping feet-first into a frozen lake. The show explores the wellbeing ideas of Dutch motivational speaker and cold-water therapy advocate Wim Hof, who will put the celebrities through their paces in a series of chilling challenges. Within the first few minutes of being filmed in the sub-zero temperatures of northern Italy, Tamzin admitted that the scene conjured up some painful memories.      She revealed that her mum, Anna Santis, died suddenly at the age of 67 back in 2018. Fears about Anna’s unexpected heart attack set in ahead of Tamzin dropping below eight inches of ice and entering the freezing water – which can cause hypothermia to set in within minutes. “My mum died of a very sudden heart attack and, in my head, jumping into ice-cold water could trigger something like that,” Tamzin explained. “My main fear was, ‘Am I going to have a heart attack when I hit the water?’”      The soap star went on to share how she felt her mum was with her at every part of her journey, helping her to overcome each new hurdle. “I trusted everyone with my emotions,” she said of the Freeze The Fear challenge. “I just felt like I’d had a meditation and I definitely felt a sense that my mum was around, which was a lovely, warm feeling.” Iceman Wim also helped Tamzin and her fellow celebs deal with the cold through altering their mindsets and using breathing techniques. READ MORE... Fans ecstatic as comic Peter Kay returns to the stage [LATEST] Martin Kemp admits he and wife Shirlie have 'empty heart syndrome' [INSIGHT] 'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands [NEWS]      Tamzin explained: “Everybody had a journey of their own. Everybody had a breakthrough of their own. “The main attraction, I thought, was going to be cold therapy, but it was just so much more than that – the breathing, the unlocking things,” she told the Mirror’s Love Sunday Magazine. Tamzin is a mother to two daughters: Florence, 13, and Marnie, nine. She shares her children with ex-husband Tom Ellis, whom she split from in 2013.      The star has been dating personal trainer Tom Child, 30, since 2017. Freeze The Fear is presented by This Morning’s Holly Willoughby and comedian Lee Mack, who witness the journey of several celebs as they tackle sub zero temperatures. The eight stars competing are: Tamzin, French football coach Patrice Evra, former professional gymnast Gabby Logan, singer Alfie Boe, journalist Owain Wyn Evans, Strictly Come Dancing’s Dianne Buswell, rapper Professor Green and singer Chelcee Grimes. Freeze the Fear will return to BBC One every Tuesday at 9pm.   