But in his usual fashion Prince Harry has done his best to try to ensure that the story is about him rather than the Queen. His remark, in an interview on America’s NBC network, that in visiting his grandmother at Windsor last week he was “just making sure she’s protected and got the right people around her” says it all. What an incredibly arrogant thing to say. Not only did it make Harry sound more like a member of the Corleone family than the royal family, it implied that his father, brother, Buckingham palace staff, police and household cavalry are between them incapable of looking after the Queen. Even worse, it implied that the Queen herself is incapable of looking after her own interests. Our 96-year-old monarch may be a little uncertain on her feet nowadays, but she remains as bright as a button. She has acted with remarkable diplomacy throughout Harry and Meghan’s self-exile from the royal family. Rather than cast them adrift as many people would have been tempted to do if a grandson and grand daughter-in-law had used a prime time TV interview to attack their family, she has reached out to the couple. When Harry and Meghan accused an unnamed member of the royal family of making a racist remark, the Queen showed no public anger, but instead put out the skilfully-crafted statement that “recollections may differ”. The Queen has made it clear that however much hurt has been caused, she will not write off her grandson and his family. Her door, she has made clear, is always open. So it was last week when the Queen had Harry to tea at Windsor. The Queen is reported to have made it a condition of the meeting that Harry make contact with his father first. And how has Harry responded to her kindness? It seems to me by using another prime time interview to deepen the rift. The great unknown about Harry is whether he realises how much hurt he is causing, or whether he is just blundering along, not knowing what he is doing. I would like to think the latter, but his comments about protecting the Queen came across as so scripted that it is hard not to believe that he really does want us to think that he is the only one who can look after his grandmother. There is one subject, however, on which Harry clearly does lack insight. Since leaving for the US two years ago he and his wife have tried to launch themselves as global superstars. They have thrown themselves into the Californian celebrity circuit, living by its rules and enjoying its rewards. They seem to have forgotten, however, that their fame rests on one thing and one thing alone: Harry’s birth into the royal family. Prior to their marriage, Meghan was a “B” list actress in a sitcom called Suits – successful in her own way but hardly a household name. In my opinion she was never going to be starring on Oscars night, nor was she ever going to be thrown multi-million deals by Netflix. As for Harry, we can only guess where he would be now had he been born a commoner. One thing, though, is for sure: he would not be being paid a fortune for making documentaries about mental health. Nor would he have interviewers running up to him, inviting him to spill the beans about his family relationships. The Queen, Prince Charles, Prince William and most other members of the royal family are fully aware that they have been born into their roles, and those roles require a certain amount of humility. Her Majesty has been getting it right over and over again throughout her 70-year reign: she clearly appreciates that the monarchy is bigger than the individuals who hold its offices, and accepts the duties which it places upon her. With Harry and Meghan, it seems to me that it is the other way around. They see themselves as the stars, while the monarchy is a mere springboard for personal ambition. In six weeks’ time, Britain will stop to honour the Queen and what she has achieved as our Head of State. Harry, as a non-working member of the royal family, has been invited to some of the family events but not the official ones – as is right. But if he cannot accept that he is a junior auxiliary in the celebrations, and not the star, then it would be better if he stayed away altogether.