Nicola Little, 46, took a combination of drugs, including Spice and high levels of methadone, and suffered poisoning. The mother of six was found dead at her hostel in Hull, where she had battled addiction for years. However, Nicola had studied law at university and worked in the legal department at Hull City Council for years before her life became blighted by addiction. Her mum had seen Nicola the day before she died - in April last year - and said she was "really happy" but the woman was discovered dead hours later. Toxicology results found Nicola had taken a significant amount of Spice and methadone, along with smaller amounts of cocaine and illicit painkillers, Hull Live reports. Her inquest this week heard Nicola, who had also worked as a housing officer, faced a great deal of trauma throughout her life, including the loss of a child at birth and the diagnosis of a rare blood condition. In a statement read at the inquest in Hull, Nicola's mother said: "Nicola has one brother who she remained very close to. She as always sporty when she was younger and loved football, going to games with her dad and brother. Our relationship was strong but it could be difficult as she struggled with drugs. "Nicola raised her children really well. She was interested in law and worked as a paralegal for five or six years before the practice closed. She then studied law at the University of Hull but she was also working and raising three children at the time so she could not complete her course. "She worked in the legal department at Hull City Council for around 12 years. But she was off sick quite a lot and then she began taking more drugs and she eventually had to quit. "I gave her money but when I realised it was going on drugs and not the essentials I stopped. It was only in the last four years or so that she had a big problem with drugs and she could just not come off them." Recalling the last day Nicola's mum saw her daughter, she said: "She looked genuinely really well, the best I had seen her in a while. She really seemed to be trying to get back on track and was really happy. "Nicola was too trusting but she loved her children and they loved her. She would do anything for anyone. She was clever, hard working and very pretty. Nicola was such a loving person."  The toxicology report flagged up the concerns over the use of highly toxic chemical drug Spice, warning that it’s effects were “unpredictable“ owing to the variety of chemicals found which are not subject to any regulation. Area coroner Lorraine Harris concluded Nicola’s death was "drug related" and issued a warning about the dangers of Spice. She said: "I find Nicola was an intelligent woman who worked hard to support her family. But she had a history of substance abuse. "I see no evidence of any intention to commit suicide but those trying to get clean can find the drugs they take become more toxic. I also take into account the issues over Spice which is a synthetic cannabinoid which can be very dangerous. "I offer my very sincere condolences to Nicola’s family. It’s evident to me how much she was loved surrounded by a large family all who she had a good relationship with. "She loved, not just her only children, but also her nephews and nieces. "This is a tragic end to the young life of a warm, intelligent and hard working woman who struggled with substance abuse." 