Tim Feerick, who played bass for American rock band Dance Gavin Dance, has died suddenly. His bandmates announced the sad news in a statement on social media, explaining they were "devastated" about his passing, which has happened just days before their tour was due to begin. They said: "We are absolutely devastated to share the news that our friend and bass player, Tim Feerick, passed away last night. “We ask that you respect our privacy and that of Tim’s family while we deal with this heartbreaking and untimely loss. “We will share further updates on Swanfest and our upcoming touring schedule as soon as we have them.” Further information about Tim's cause of death is yet to be revealed. It is not currently known what Tim's exact age was, but he was thought to be in his thirties. He joined the band in 2009 as a touring member, before leaving after a year. But in 2012, he rejoined and has appeared on all of Dance Gavin Dance's albums since then, with the lasting being Afterburner, released in 2020. His bandmates comprise vocalists Tilian Pearson and Jon Mess, lead guitarist Will Swan, rhythm guitarist Andrew Wells, and drummer Matthew Mingus. The sad news comes as the band were due to start touring later this month, starting with Swanfest in their native Sacramento on 23 April. Their tour was planned to take them across the US, the UK and Europe. Taking to the Twitter, Tim's heartbroken fans paid tribute. Musician Anthony Green replied to the band's statement, writing: "Devastated for you and everyone involved in anyway. All our love to you". Alex added: "Tim was never a flashy individual on stage, but he had that presence about him that you couldn’t help but turn your attention to him on stage. "A distinct sound that separated him from some of the best bassists to ever do it. A truly sad day for DGD fans around the world. RIP Tim". Evan FGC penned: "I'm in absolute shock, this is devastating for everyone. "The pain that will ripple through this community is immeasurable. I am so sorry for your loss, and my condolences to all of you as well as Tim's family. Rest in peace Tim, you changed so many lives." Xero Chances added: "Devastating news. "DGD has become my number one favorite band since stumbling upon their music, always made me happy when things weren't going well. "My heart goes out to you guys & his family, rest easy Tim & thank you for making our lives dance the night away".