According to Magnet, Google searches for kitchen home improvement have risen in the last 12 months as the more time homeowners spend at home, the more changes they want to make to the heart of their property. The company spoke to industry experts to unveil the true value and importance of a kitchen, alongside the features to avoid that could devalue your home. According to Magnet, not all kitchens can add value to a property, with some features actually devaluing a property. Daniel Copley, Consumer Spokesperson at Zoopla, said: “As a focal point for many houses, it’s important to ensure that where possible, your kitchen is not devaluing your property with features like poor lighting, broken cupboards and cluttered surfaces all having the potential to make your home harder to sell. “The devil can also be in the detail, and small superficial issues like dirty walls, mouldy sealant and limescale build up on kitchen fittings can also devalue your home and make it hard to sell, although the positive is that these issues can often have quick fixes.” John added that old fashioned kitchens could be a “turn-off” as well as poorly fitted units. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 85p hack to keep moths out the home Robert Swann, Foxtons’ South Kensington Sales Manager, said: “There are a few things that can put buyers off when viewing your home. “These include cheap worktops, electric hotplates, coloured or patterned tiles as a splashback and a big island. “A big island is fine, but if it takes up too much space, it can be an issue.” Christian also agreed that strong colours could also decrease the market of people likely to put in an offer on a home. DON'T MISS:Carpet beetles: How to ‘kill’ common household pest [EXPERT]‘Inexpensive’ ways to keep ‘destructive’ bugs at bay [COMMENT]‘Simple’ ways to ‘save energy’ in the kitchen [EXPLAINER] He recommended sticking to colour schemes which are popular to avoid potential homebuyers offering less money because the kitchen needs renovating. This includes sticking to neutral colours. Magnet said avoiding these features should mean buyers will be attracted when it comes to sell as well as creating one homeowners will love to spend time in. Depending on the size, installation and materials used, a new kitchen can cost anywhere in the range of £3,000 to £30,000. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Speaking to Magnet, Christian Dickinson, Sales Manager for Foxtons, said: “Wow factor in the kitchen can sometimes add five to 10 percent to the property value in my opinion. “I have seen average houses around £415,000 compared to houses with a huge kitchen, which often required a ground floor extension) being around £500,000 quite easily.” According to another expert, an “attractive kitchen” can add around five percent, depending on the quality and size of the kitchen. John Wetherwell, Regional Managing Director for Your Move and Reeds Rains estate and lettings agent, also said: “In terms of added value for individual features, that very much depends on a buyer’s preference and ultimately how much time they plan to spend there.” When it comes to selling a home, having a nice kitchen can help a home to sell quicker. John explained: “The kitchen is often described as the heart of a home, which is why it can often influence a buyer’s decision, even more so following lockdown when people found themselves spending more time at home and with cooking and baking becoming a more popular pastime. “Ultimately, the kitchen remains one of the top priorities for homebuyers and tenants and, with recent advances in technology that we have implemented, it’s making it easier for buyers to conduct virtual viewings even before they view the property in person. “It means they can find out what the kitchen is like, just as if they were standing in it themselves, before viewing it in person.”