The man footing the bill was Nicola’s Dad, 79-year-old billionaire Nelson Peltz, who is one of the wealthiest men in America. Just think how Posh must have loved that. She’s come a long way from Harlow in Essex with that tinny little voice and her very expensive dress business that hasn’t turned in a profit since the day it started. Do I sound like I’m carping? Well Yes, I think I am. Because the whole thing reeked of decadence, profligacy, the kind of Gatsby-like hedonism that isn’t just sickening but is actually out of place in today’s world. This was showing off on a grand scale. It wasn’t just about two parents wanting to give their kids a lovely wedding. This was poseur parents saying to the world “Look what we’ve got. Look what we can do.” This wedding would have looked wrong even if we weren’t in the worst cost of living crisis since the 50s. It has given a whole new meaning to the word excessive. Three days of brunches, lunches, BBQs, pre-wedding parties, after-wedding, parties, formal dinners, entertainment for Hollywood’s finest. I don’t know much about Brooklyn Beckham, 23, other than the fact he’s a young man who’s never actually achieved anything. He always looks very pleased with himself and seems to spend his life in a permanent pose that reeks of louche.  This is the lad you might remember who struggled to make a bacon sandwich on national TV when he’d decided to become a “chef”. He was widely ridiculed. He then tried his hand at modelling even though in my opinion he was never really good looking enough. But hey his surname is Beckham and so his parents were able to pull strings with the big designer brands. Then he had a go at photography – even brought out a book called, What I See – which turned out to be not very much because his photos were shockingly bad. I think everything this young man has ever done has come about thanks to nepotism. He’s been given opportunities few others get yet he’s done nothing with them. He can’t seem to stick seem at anything. And now he won’t have to ever again – or at least for as long as this marriage lasts – which let’s face it isn’t likely to be more than three years if you ask me. suppose what grates with me is that the Beckhams have spent years telling us what great parents they are, how strict they are with their kids, what good manners they have. But what about meaningful lives, careers, things they can achieve where they wouldn’t have to live in the shadow of their parents? Their 23-year-old son may have exquisite manners but how are they going to sustain him for the rest of his life? What is his life actually going to be about? He’s a million miles from being on a career path but then where’s the incentive when your Mum and Dad buy you a £500,000 electric jaguar as a wedding present? Society’s always quick to demonise celebrity parents who say they won’t leave their millions to their kids. But I totally see the sense of it. It’s also courageous because clearly, the instinct of every parent is to take care of their kids. But there’s taking care of them – and there’s infantilising and ruining them.   I’m sure the parents who’ve said they won’t leave fortunes to their kids actually do in the end but at least those kids grow up believing they’re not going to be handed everything on a plate. They don’t just sit around on their pampered backsides waiting for Mum and Dad to die – they learn how to make their own way in the world which is THE most valuable thing a parent can do for their kids. Could Brooklyn Beckham ever make his own way in the world I wonder? I think the worst thing that could have happened to him is that he’s married a billionaire’s daughter, another entitled young person in my opinion who will never understand the meaning of the words independence, struggle, achievement. Neither will know the value of anything – just the cost of it. Says Victoria: “David and I have explained to the children what privileged lives they lead. We tell them that in many places in the world children are hungry, homeless, and sick. “They all understand how important it is to help others.”    Yes, well I don't think that little lesson hit home. Because as of now Brooklyn and his new wife live in a world where every single thing they want they can have. Those sick, hungry, homeless children are a world away.  And when the glitz has worn off his relationship with Nicola (whose bride’s dress was custom made by Valentino) when they have both taken off their Gucci rose-tinted spectacles – what then for them both? They’ll have all the money in the world and nothing meaningful to do. Nicola’s father is a self-made billionaire. He worked hard for everything he has. THAT’S her male role model. What’s her new husband ever done? Not much in my opinion but everything he has done was courtesy of his over-indulgent Mum and Dad – and he seems to have failed at it all. The Beckhams' other kids have been similarly indulged – Romeo’s modelling career with Burberry (aged 10), Cruz’s awful pop music debut (at 11) I actually hope these two are happy. But marriage takes hard work and these two have never had to work at anything. Vogue which covered the wedding described their romance as “the stuff that modern fairy tales are made of”. No, it wasn’t. It was a “spectacle”, a flaunting of wealth and ostentatiousness for a marriage that probably won’t last as long as it took to plan.  