Lisa, who is appearing on All Star Musicals at the weekend, spoke to Ranvir Singh on Lorraine about how the experience helped rebuild her confidence. The Coronation Street star reflected on taking a break from acting as she managed her menopause symptoms. Ranvir began: “You’ve lost a lot of confidence with your body haven’t you because of the menopause and so on. “You actually took some time off acting because of it. There are a lot more women talking about it these days.” “Well basically the menopause hit me like a brick,” Lisa replied. “I was suffering with the hot sweats, emotionally.” READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? Ranvir asked: “Was this last year?” as the Corrie star continued: “Yeah, well it started actually on Dancing On Ice when the mechanics of things were going a bit haywire. “Then last year my weight had piled on, it affected my diabetes. “I spoke to an endocrinologist going, ‘I can’t cope, what’s going on?’ “She said, ‘It’s messed your diabetes up. It’s gone off the scale.’ “So I had to see a specialist nurse to get me back with my sugars.” Ranvir chipped in: “And mentally speaking?” as Lisa agreed: “The brain fog! “No one tells you about brain fog, I couldn’t remember anything.” “Well trying to remember lines for a show must be very distressing in those circumstances,” Ranvir remarked. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Steve McDonald exits in Emma prison plot? [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Family torn apart after Sam runs away? [SPOILER]Coronation Street theory: Faye Windass and Craig Tinker to have twins [THEORY] Lisa shared: “Well I just felt like I was in a bubble and also because of Covid I got really paranoid because I thought, ‘Ive got diabetes, I can’t get Covid, I can’t be near anybody.’” At the weekend Lisa will be transforming into Sally Bowles from Cabaret. In a first-look image from the ITV singing competition, Lisa looks unrecognisable as she ditched her blonde locks for a dark pixie crop. She certainly shed her Beth Tinker persona leaving the leopard print in Weatherfield and instead appearing in a silk kimono style dress with fringed and red trim. Lisa was coached by Elaine Paige OBE for the role and will appear alongside Jacqueline Jossa, Michaela Strachan, Colin Salmon, and Danny Care. She said of signing up: “ASM is a dream for me, both professionally and personally. “The team have been so supportive and nurturing and I can't wait to take to the stage." Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV from 9am.