This is a challenging time for the BBC as it struggles to compete with extraordinary television produced by international streaming giants. The right reforms will allow it to keep doing what it does best while also reaching a global audience. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries has described the licence fee as “completely outdated”. The Government’s White Paper describes the sanctions for non-payment of the fee as “disproportionate and unfair”. Over-75s who are now forced to pay this hefty sum will be delighted to see the end of this regressive tax. Families will welcome being able to choose for themselves what digital services they pay for. The BBC should embrace this opportunity to make an evolutionary jump, abandoning an archaic funding system for a new model which will strengthen the broadcaster in the long term. A BBC that is more responsive to what the public really wants can look forward to a brighter future. Brexit boost for trade Trade with Switzerland is due to hit new heights as Britain pursues an enhanced post-Brexit trade deal. We already benefit from bilateral trade worth nearly £35billion a year and a deal on services could unlock new prosperity. Meanwhile, the UK is on course to start signing deals with individual states in the US next month. Indiana is expected to sign the first deal with Texas not far behind. Business and political leaders around the world are jumping at the chance to strike deals with Britain. We are making exciting progress and the effort to negotiate new arrangements should have all the resources it needs because the payback is immense. A wealth of experience Twent-one  Lottery winners with a combined wealth of £146million have donated their time to the mental health charity Veterans’ Growth. The prizewinners worked on a wheelchair-accessible path for the charity which helps veterans acquire skills in horticulture. They also helped put up a fence to stop cattle trampling its display for the Chelsea Flower Show. The Lottery winners will doubtless have relished their time at Rocks Farm Oast in Hastings. They have been blessed with wealth but the sense of purpose which comes with working together for a good cause is priceless.