Spain has been welcoming back holidaymakers by the bucketload following an easing of Covid restrictions. The sunny spot is a firm favourite of British tourists, the most popular destination being Alicante. But travellers should beware of collecting hefty fines for simple beach behaviours. easyJet data claims that over 30 percent of Britons are planning a holiday in Spain this year. However, those flocking to the sunny country should be careful when visiting Spanish beaches, as they could easily incur fines for behaviour deemed inappropriate. The heftiest fine is for hosting a barbecue without permission. Before cooking those sausages, tourists may need to seek permission to have a barbecue on the beach. In some areas such as Salobrena, Grenada, you can be handed a huge €3,000 fine. READ MORE: Spain holidays change for UK tourists as requirements are updated This is equal to around £2,483. In addition to barbecuing, the Spanish authorities are very strict when it comes to sleeping on the beach. After a long night of drinking, some may be tempted to continue the party on the sand or have a late night dip. However, this can be dangerous and sleeping on the beach overnight is actually completely forbidden. In regions such as Valencia, this practise can land the perpetrator with a €1,500 fine. This is equal to around £1,241. Camping on the beach is also against the law. Happy campers won't be so happy when they incur a fee of the same price. Next, Britons can get in trouble for going nude on a non-nudist beach. There is nudist beach aplenty in Spain, some of the most popular including Tenerife's Playa La Tejita and Playa de la Pelada. But, travellers who choose to go nude on a non-nudist beach can expect to be hit with a fine of up to €750. This is equal to around £620. Tourists can expect the same fine if they wash with soap and shampoo at beach showers. This is because the chemicals in these products are harmful to marine life. Another fine that can be dished out is for those who are not appropriately dressed en route the beach. While it may be appropriate to wear a Speedo or bikini on the beach, walking to and from it is a different story. Men walking around with their shirts off or women wearing only bikinis or swimwear could be fined €300 (around £248). Finally, those smoking on certain beaches in Spain can be faced with fines of €30 (around £24). Smoke-free beaches and zones include locations in Galicia, Murcia, Catalonia, Andalusia, Asturias, the Canary Islands and the Balearic Islands.