Tottenham manager Antonio Conte is reportedly weighing up a move for Torino wing-back Wilfried Singo, but may instead be pressured to ditch the Ivorian in favour of a pursuit for Nottingham Forest loan star Djed Spence. Uefa rules are set to put a squeeze on Spurs' squad, which is running out of foreign player slots as the summer transfer window looms. Conte supposedly has big plans for the summer, much as he did in January. The Italian was only landed with two new additions during his first transfer window at the helm, but having kicked on since, the board may be more willing to put cash in his and Fabio Paratici's hands. The Telegraph claim that Conte could demand six new arrivals amid the constant threat that the esteemed boss could walk away if the board do not match his 'ambitions'. Singo is believed to be on his list of targets as he attempts to move on from the frustration of missing out on Adama Traore in January. Singo has spent two seasons in the Torino first team and, at just 21-years-old, the 6ft 3in right wing-back is tipped for a bright future. Having notched three goals and four assists in Serie A this campaign, it may take £42million to prise him away in a double swoop including his team-mate, Gleison Bremer. JUST IN: Chelsea player ratings: Lukaku and Christensen flop as Arsenal win to boost top-four hopes But Spurs may be ushered in a different direction with Uefa rules permitting 17 foreign players in their European squad. Even if Italian back-up goalkeeper Pierluigi Gollini makes way for Englishman Sam Johnstone this summer as expected, they would only have two foreign sports remaining. Furthermore Bryan Gil, Tanguy Ndombele and Giovani Lo Celso's prospective return from loan spells could create added complications and take them over the limit before the club have even ventured into the transfer market. DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports In short, Spurs need more homegrown talent to meet Uefa squad regulations, and renewing their January interest in Spence could help them to that end. As an England Under-21 international with a catalogue of superb performances under his belt this campaign, the Lilywhites would also be landed with a top player. Liverpool and Arsenal have also been linked with the 21-year-old, who has spent the season on loan at Forest from Middlesbrough and could cost £20m. Spurs' extra incentive could encourage them to crank their interest up a notch and pip the duo of Premier League rivals to his signature.  Spence could slot straight into Conte's first-team plans in north London with Emerson Royal faltering at right wing-back. Having racked up two goals and four assists in the Championship this campaign, he could find himself playing Champions League football soon enough if Spurs kick on and secure fourth spot. Their hopes of doing so were dealt a blow on Wednesday evening when Arsenal pulled off an impressive 4-2 win over Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. Tottenham must wait for a trip to Brentford on Saturday to mount their response.