The Royal Family of Sweden hosted a dinner at the Royal Palace of Stockholm where representatives from cultural life, business, health and medical care, education and sports were invited. Princess Sofia chose an elegant black gown. The long silky dress, which featured long sleeves and a gem detail around the neck, is by Norwegian designer Pia Tjelta. The royal combined the gown with a Louboutin silver clutch bag and silver pumps. The Denise Metallic Pumps by designer STINAA.J have a price tag of £450. READ MORE: Meghan Markle puts relationship ‘front & centre’ of Invictus speech Royal fans took to social media to comment on Princess Sofia's sophisticated look. Instagram user @albarosi89 said: "Beautiful!! "Simple but elegant black dress, I love that jewel button details and those specie of pendant pearls on the neckline, silver shoes, hair on one side!!!" Royal watcher @clairearmy commented: "She looks fabulous!!"  Another royal fan, @a.niederauer, said: "I thought the model was Sofia, she is stunning." Social media user @basak_ertas commented: "Looks beautiful! "Dress looks slightly big for her size though..." Princess Sofia and Prince Carl Philip greeted guests along with King Carl Gustaf and Queen Silvia at the Palace. The dinner was organised in order to draw attention to the people who made a significant contribution to Sweden. The Royal Family traditionally holds the gala dinner every year. Earlier this month, the Swedish royals released new portraits where the Princesses looked stunning in three "gorgeous" dresses and breathtaking tiaras. Princess Sofia wore the Jeslyn Embroidered Illusion Gown and the Palmette Tiara, which was a present from her mother-in-law, Queen Silvia. The beautiful purple dress featured a semi-transparent design and a floral pattern. This Palmette Tiara is a very special jewel for her as the royal wore it on her wedding day back in 2015. Crown Princess Victoria opted for a light blue dress from H&M and the Napoleonic Cut Steel Tiara. Princess Madeleine recycled a beautiful pastel pink dress and donned the Modern Fringe Tiara.