At the Port of Dover, long queues of traffic have already started building after P&O Dover-Calais services remain suspended during the Easter getaway weekend. While passengers at airports, ferry terminals, and railway stations have been left waiting for hours in long queues.  Millions of drivers are expected to hit the roads today on Good Friday in what is predicted to be the busiest travel day of the Easter weekend. This all comes at a time when drivers face hefty fuel bills and supplies of petrol and diesel at filling stations in some areas of the country are running at around half their usual level as the UK's travel network comes under pressure. Rod Dennis from the RAC advised drivers to set off early as he warned roads would get busier towards the middle of the day. He told the BBC's Today programme: “Expect your journey, especially if you're going any distance, to take longer than it normally would. "It's very possible this weekend could turn out to be one of the busiest for leisure journeys for many years.” Queueing traffic has been reported on  the M6 Northbound from J29 M65 J1 (Lostock Hall) to J31 A59 Preston New Road (Samlesbury). While drivers have been warned of heavier traffic than normal on M5 Southbound from J15 M4 (Almondsbury Interchange) to J20 B3133 Ettlingen Way (Clevedon). Many travellers reported hour-long waits at Manchester and Birmingham airports, while dozens of British Airways and easyJet flights were cancelled at Heathrow.  READ MORE: Easter travel chaos latest: Queues form at St. Pancras for Eurostar Meanwhile, those at London St Pancras said they were standing in long queues for services to Europe. Rail passengers have also been warned of further delays as Network Rail carries out 530 engineering projects costing a total of £83million over the weekend. These include the closure of the West Coast Main Line between London Euston and Milton Keynes for four days from Good Friday due to upgrades of the existing line and HS2 work.  DON'T MISS  Couple accidentally board the wrong Ryanair flight to Alicante [INFO]'Never seen anything like it': No ventilation at Manchester Airport [COMMENT]Easter holiday hell: Full list of flights and ferries cancelled so far [LIST] No trains will run in or out of Euston station in London until the end of Monday. Trains to the West Midlands, northwest England and parts of Scotland will instead begin their journey from Milton Keynes Central. There will also be no Southern services to and from London Victoria all weekend and no direct trains from London to Stansted Airport.  Parts of the railway between Birmingham International station and Coventry will also be closed, as will lines around Crewe station. Dover-Calais sailings by P&O Ferries were suspended as of Thursday night, which sparked caused queues of lorries forming on roads approaching the Port of Dover, nearly a month after the company sacked 800 workers without notice. Newly-married couple Ashley Griffiths-Beamon, 33, and his husband Damian Griffiths-Beamon, 36, told how the Easter weekend travel disruption has ruined their honeymoon plans after they missed their ferry amid long queues in Dover. They got married on Thursday and were due to travel to Belgium to celebrate their honeymoon. Ashley Griffiths-Beamon said: ”I’m upset and frustrated. "We had lovely plans for today which have now been ruined. “The delays will impact our plans today for our day in Bruges which is a shame as we have both been looking forward to visiting the city," he added. DFDS initially advised customers on Friday morning to arrive at least 90 minutes before their departure time, adding that it is "expecting a busy day through the Port of Dover". It later updated this guidance, encouraging passengers to allow at least two hours.