Queen Letizia of Spain has made a surprise visit to County Durham where she is visiting Bishop Auckland. Auckland Castle was never a royal castle, but rather the former home of the Bishop of Durham. Letizia and Prince Charles are viewing the Francisco de Zurbarán art collection, Jacob and His Twelve Sons.  Letizia looked fantastic in a sleek burgundy dress with a matching burgundy clutch and stiletto heel shoes. She paired these items with a long and elegant black coat and looked elegant for the occasion. The Queen tied her hair in a half up-half down fashion and wore a stunning smokey eye with minimal makeup for the day. Royal fans took to social media to express their love for Letizia's style.  Twitter user @royalblognl said: "Looking bold Letizia!" Another royal fan, @LizzieProfff added: "Looks so sweet."  The mother-of-two cut an elegant figure in her raspberry dress today as she visited the north of England. With the weather certainly colder than Spain, the Queen wrapped up warm with her beautiful black coat for the occasion.  Meanwhile, Prince Charles donned a light grey suit for the outing. He had paired it with a burgundy tie, to match his companion Queen Letizia. Along with his burgundy tie, the Prince of Wales also wore a burgundy pocket square. Royal watcher @BillyDouglass7 wrote: "I don't blame Prince Charles for being so happy and excited to see Queen Letizia!  "Because she is pure beauty and class!" Letizia is in Durham today to visit the Spanish gallery of Auckland Castle for their new exhibition. The Spanish gallery is the home of the biggest assortment of Spanish works from the Golden Age in the UK. These two royals were joined together last week when Letizia attended the memorial service for the late Prince Philip in Westminster Abbey. Prince Charles has met with Queen Letizia on a number of occasions in the past. This includes in 2017 when he hosted a meeting with her and her husband King Felipe at Clarence House. Meanwhile in 2019, the Queen of Spain and Prince of Wales jointly celebrated the opening of a National Gallery exhibition of works by a Spanish impressionist, in an evening hailed as a moment of European unity. The Prince of Wales is a Patron of the National Gallery and they both previewed the new exhibition by the late Spanish impressionist, Joaquín Sorolla y Bastida. 