The EU Commission announced on Wednesday, April 6, that it will begin a new strategic programme to prepare for potential chemical and nuclear attacks. The plan, under the EU Civil Protection Mechanism, will include a €540.5 million "rescue strategic stockpile" of kits and medicines. The EU executive said: "This stockpile will consist of equipment and medicines, vaccines and other therapeutics to treat patients exposed to CBRN emergencies agents, as well as of rescEU decontamination reserve to provide decontamination equipment and expert response teams." They added: "As an immediate first step, the EU has mobilised its rescEU medical reserve to procure potassium iodide tablets which can be used to protect people from the harmful effects of radiation. "Already almost 3 million iodide tablets have been delivered to Ukraine via the EU Civil Protection Mechanism, with the help of France and Spain." Janez Lenarčič, Commissioner for Crisis Management said: “We are taking concrete measures to increase Europe's preparedness in the face of potential threats. "We are setting up both a decontamination reserve and a new stockpile of equipment tailored to chemical, biological or nuclear emergencies. I am thankful for Member States in this effort. "Our aim is to provide rapid response capabilities for our citizens if such an emergency ever occurs.” Commissioner for Health and Food Safety, Stella Kyriakides, added: “Health security needs preparedness. "Preparing for chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear threats is an essential element in keeping our citizens safe, and a key element of a strong European Health Union. "HERA is our watchtower and has been working around the clock to support EU actions through the Civil Protection Mechanism to provide preparedness support to Ukraine and our Member States.” The move comes as the West continues to be threatened by Russia's attack on Ukraine. Artillery pounded key cities in Ukraine on Wednesday, as its president urged the West to act decisively in imposing new and tougher sanctions being readied against Russia in response to civilian killings widely condemned as war crimes. Western sanctions over Russia's invasion gained new impetus this week when dead civilians shot at close range were found in the town of Bucha after it was retaken from Russian forces. READ MORE: Over 300 dogs found starved to death in Ukrainian shelter  As Pope Francis described the killings there as a "massacre", the head of the European Commission signalled further sanctions - including examining a ban on energy imports - on top of ones unveiled by the bloc on Tuesday. Washington is in turn due to announce new sanctions on Wednesday. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said the West needed to act decisively in taking "more rigid" steps. "When we are hearing new rhetoric about sanctions... I can't tolerate any indecisiveness after everything that Russian troops have done," he told Irish lawmakers by videolink. Ukrainian officials say between 150 and 300 bodies might be in a mass grave by a church in Bucha, north of the capital Kyiv, where satellite images taken weeks ago show bodies of civilians on a street, a private U.S. company said. Moscow, which refers to the conflict as a "special military operation" designed to demilitarise Ukraine, denied targeting civilians there and called the evidence presented a forgery staged by the West to discredit it. DON'T MISS:China horror as prisoners have organs harvested while still alive [VIDEO]Joe Biden caught wandering around - ‘Lost again!’ [REACTION]Russian economy facing COLLAPSE with mega-recession this year [DATA] To the south, the besieged southern port of Mariupol has been under bombardment throughout most of the invasion that began on Feb. 24, trapping tens of thousands of residents without food, water or power. "The humanitarian situation in the city is worsening," British military intelligence said on Wednesday, while Ukraine's Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said people trying to flee would have to use their own vehicles. Vereshchuk said authorities would try to evacuate civilians trapped elsewhere through 11 humanitarian corridors. Ukraine's foreign minister said that while he welcomed the latest set of EU sanctions only an embargo on Russian gas and oil and cutting off all Russian banks from the global financial system could "stop" President Vladimir Putin. "I will take a gas/oil embargo and de-SWIFTing of all Russian banks to stop Putin. Difficult times require difficult decisions," Dmytro Kuleba said on Twitter.