David and Victoria Beckham saw yesterday their eldest son, Brooklyn, 23, marry Nicola Peltz, 27. The proud parents beamed as they walked through the venue holding hands at their son’s long-awaited big day at the bride’s family’s property in Palm Beach, Florida. David looked elegant in a black tuxedo, while Victoria dazzled in a silver satin dress with lace embellishments. The former Spice Girl also wore a small silver clutch and a chain necklace, with her locks swept into a bun. The couple could be seen in pictures holding hands as they conversed and walked around the huge venue. The lavish event took place at Nicola’s father Nelson's £58 million property in Palm Beach, Florida. READ MORE: Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue It featured three huge marquees set on the ocean front garden of the compound. Pictures of the luxurious event showed a star-studded guest list including celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay and Desperate Housewives actress Eva Longoria. The £3 million ceremony saw the Beckhams’ eldest son say “I do” to his billionaire heiress fiancée, Nicola Peltz. The couple married beneath a flower garlanded chuppah in honour of Nicola's Jewish heritage. Brooklyn shares some of his wife's Jewish roots via father David's paternal grandfather. His ten-year-old sister, Harper, attended the ceremony as a flower girl. Harper, who also attended the ceremony as a bridesmaid, was pictured wearing a white dress and a flower crown on her head. Nicola had six maids of honour, while the groom was flanked by six groomsmen. READ MORE...'Same Academy took 40 years to ban Polanski' Piers Morgan slams Oscars [INSIGHT]Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer [UPDATE]The Chase's Mark Labbett bids a relieved farewell to Richard Osman [LATEST] Cruz, Brooklyn’s 17-year-old brother, posed as best man on the day. Mel C was the only Spice Girl spotted at the event, after Emma Bunton, 46, confirmed she would not be able to attend. Emma issued her apologies for her absence in a heartfelt Instagram post shared with her 1.3 million followers. In the message, the singer, who was once known as Baby Spice, branded the happy couple “beautiful souls”. She uploaded two selfies with Brooklyn and Nicola, where she could be seen holding a drink and blowing a kiss to the camera. She captioned the shots: “These two beautiful souls are getting married today! "I'm so sorry I couldn't make it there to celebrate you both." Emma signed off the post with: "We love you all very much. @victoriabeckham @davidbeckham try not to cry to much!! #happytears.” (sic)