During a secret-stop off on their way to the Netherlands, Meghan Markle and her husband, Prince Harry, visited Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess Cornwall and later the Queen. The long-awaited reunion took place on the grounds of Windsor, where Her Majesty permanently resides and the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall were visiting for the traditional Maundy Thursday service. While reports described Harry’s meeting with his father as “edgy”, the Duke of Sussex spoke fondly of his reunion with his grandmother. Speaking to Hoda Kotb from the US Today show, Harry said it was “great to see her”. Her Majesty reportedly invited the Sussexes to join the Royal Family during her Platinum Jubilee celebrations later this year. The festivities surrounding the Queen’s historic reign will culminate in an extended weekend in June. Meghan and Harry have been invited to participate in non-formal roles, which may include appearing on the Buckingham Palace balcony and attending the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. While the Duke and Duchess have not yet decided on whether they will return for the celebrations, one royal expert believes their attendance would suit their “brand purpose. Russell Myers, the Daily Mirror’s royal editor, told this week’s episode of Pod Save The Queen: “I personally think that Harry and Meghan want to have that moment with the Royal Family. “It suits the brand — brand Sussex. I think that it suits their purpose brand-wise to be seen with the Queen, to be seen to still be royal.” He added: “They can argue that — I mean Meghan was saying — this is service. “That was seen as a barbed comment as well to the rest of the Royal Family, but I think they benefit from having that association because on a global scale, seeming to do their own thing but also having an association with the Royal Family gives them credence.” When asked whether he and Meghan would be returning for the Platinum Jubilee, Harry told Ms Kotb: "I don't know yet. There's lots of things: security issues and everything else. "So this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her [the Queen].” Harry’s legal battle with the Home Office over police protection is ongoing; he has previously said that he “does not feel safe’’ bringing his two young children — Archie Harrison, two, and Lilibet Diana, 10-months — to his home country without said protection. DON'T MISS: 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed [ANALYSIS] Kate dazzles as Duchess arrives at Easter Sunday service with William [PICTURES] Meghan and Harry's meeting with Queen could be used in Netflix series [REVEAL] Mr Myers said that Harry and Meghan’s potential return for the Jubilee has “divided the Royal Family,” and that the Duke’s comments throughout the Invictus Games are likely to have “soured his relationships” with members of the Firm. During his interview with Ms Kotb, the Duke said he is ensuring the Queen is "protected" and surrounded by the "right people". Speaking to the Mirror, Mr Myers said: "Prince Harry’s comments about ensuring the Queen is ‘protected’ are deeply damaging and insulting to his grandmother and senior royals around her. "Prince Charles and Prince William, as senior members of the family, are doing all they can to make sure the Queen and the Monarchy are in good hands. “Harry chose to abandon his duty in favour of earning millions of dollars as a private citizen, and yet he feels it’s his business to interfere in family matters while living on the other side of the world — and then broadcasting it to American media." His relationships with his father and brother, William, are believed to be particularly strained. While Charles and Harry’s meeting has been described as “tense”, the Duke did not manage to see his older brother. William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge were on holiday at the time of Harry and Meghan’s brief visit.  On Thursday, the pair were questioned about Harry’s controversial comments about making sure the Queen was “protected”. A journalist called out to William and Kate as they left the London headquarters of the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) as the couple arrived at their chauffeur driven car, and said: “Sir, does the Queen need protecting?” The Duke and Duchess did not respond. The Platinum Jubilee is likely to be the next chance for the brothers to see each other; whether the reunion will happen is yet to be confirmed.