The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be heading to the Netherlands this weekend for the Invictus Games. This is the couple's first overseas trip together since they moved to the US after stepping down as working royals. The trip announcement led many to speculate whether the pair will pay a visit to other members of the Royal Family, in particular the Queen and it seems a visit will not be happening. Speaking virtually to the hosts on 9Honey, The Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers discussed the couple's upcoming trip and the unlikeliness that they will pay a visit to Her Majesty. Mr Myers said: "Prince Harry and Meghan are not planning on visiting the Queen or the rest of the Royal Family." "You know a lot of controversy being made of this, they're flying over to Europe and they are going to be in Holland for the Invictus Games for a few days". He added: "They are going to come with a big fanfare aren't they because they've got a Netflix team in tow." "Its going to be all singing, all dancing but you know not popping over to see the Queen, I think its rather a shame, to be honest." The royal editor added that the Queen "absolutely desperately" wants to see not only Prince Harry but she's "desperate to see her great-grandchildren." READ MORE: Queen will not attend Easter Sunday service at Windsor as Palace confirm Monarch's absence He said that she [The Queen] has only met Archie "a couple of times" but she has "never met" Lilibet, who was born last June. He also noted that the Queen "still has a good relationship" with Harry. "She sees the best in him, I think, to put it mildly because its been quite a fractured relationship with him and the rest of the family." He added: "It's pretty sad, all round." Speaking on whether couple are taking their two children with them on the trip, Mr Myers confirmed that they are "arriving without them". READ MORE: Have Your Say: Should the Queen step aside? It was only reported over the weekend by the Daily Mirror that Meghan will be joining her husband at the Invictus Games. The Duke founded the games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe, by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics. This year's event will take place between April 16-22. The 2017 Invictus Games opening ceremony in Toronto marked the first time that Meghan made a public appearance at one of Prince Harry's events. They sat separately but Meghan sat alongside their mutual friend Markus Anderson. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] Since permanently stepping down as working royals, Prince Harry and Meghan now reside in the US. The pair share two children together. They have a son Archie, who turns three next month, and 10-month-old daughter Lilibet.