Research carried out by the Bank of England found that in September 2021 nearly 10 percent of UK households admitted that loan and interest repayments were an extra financial burden for them. This represents a 35 percent increase on the figures reported in 2020, which suggests the cost of living crisis and pandemic is exacerbating peoples’ financial woes. Many experts are now predicting that the newly introduced National Insurance rise will add further pressure to those who are already struggling. This month, everyday workers will see their National Insurance contributions rise by 1.25 percentage points As a consequence of this, the tax on work will reach 13.25 percent for people earning between £184 and £967 a week. The Government’s decision to raise National Insurance comes as inflation and energy bills reach record highs. Last month, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) confirmed that inflation had hit seven percent and households are expecting their gas and electricity costs to skyrocket by £693 a year.  READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Despite this, last month the Chancellor Rishi Sunak confirmed the “largest personal tax cut in a decade” via changes to the National Insurance threshold. Mr Sunak outliend that the amount at which Britons will have to pay National Insurance is set to go up by £3,000 to £12,750 from July this year. The Chancellor likely made this decision to raise the threshold to support low income households after the initial National Insurance hike. However, taxpayers will still have to wait three months before this welcome relief is implemented. National Insurance goes up this month, while the threshold will not rise until July.  Neil Kadagathur, the co-Founder and CEO of Creditspring, explained: “The rise in National Insurance will add even more pressure to peoples’ finances. “With the cost of living crisis already in full swing, this is an additional expense that could tip many people over the edge – we already know that nearly one in five will have to borrow to survive over the next six months, and we should expect this to rise as finances become even more thinly stretched. “For young people who may not have a bank of savings to fall back on, this rise could hit them harder. “Six in ten 18-34 year olds already feel anxious about their financial future, nearly half are terrified and a third are going to have to borrow to survive the next few months. “Amidst this financial landscape, saving for their future will be challenging and the prospect of running into problem debt becomes far more real.” Amon Ghaiumy, CEO and Co-Founder of debt resolution company Ophelos, warned that the the possibility of many Britons falling into debt is a reality which the Government will have to face at some point. Mr Ghaiumy added: “While this blow to the cost of living will be softened by the Government’s decision to increase the National Insurance threshold by £3000, this only comes into effect in July, meaning households still face a tough few months ahead. “As the cost of living soars, we are increasingly facing a reality where families will struggle to make ends meet, and will inevitably fall into debt. “As such, it will be vital for the Government and businesses to rethink the provisions and approaches in place to support vulnerable families facing problem debt. “The reality is that businesses will be increasingly judged by how they treat their customers in debt over the next few months. “Placing more responsibility on these businesses through regulation to identify and support vulnerable customers with technology should now be a necessity.”