This came after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle failed to attend Prince Philip's memorial service last month. It has since emerged that the couple plan to attend the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games in The Hague on Saturday. Royal expert Angela Levin described their absence, and planned attendance at the Invictus Games, as "unbelievable", claiming that they "must want" the Royal Family to be "deeply hurt". She said: "I think it's truly shocking. "I think the royal family are deeply hurt, but that's precisely what they must want, otherwise, they wouldn't act like that. "We saw the queen, you can't help but feel desperately sorry for her, she would have loved to have Harry there for the day. "I just think it's unbelievable." Speaking to the Sun about their attendance at the Invictus Games, she added: "Meghan is going because they're doing the next Netflix documentary. "They're going with cameras, and she wouldn't want to miss out on the publicity. "It's such snub, you cannot believe that Harry is the same person as he was in 2018 when I met him." READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry snubbed over invite This comes after it was revealed last week that the couple would be followed by a Netflix documentary crew throughout the Games. Their visit to the Netherlands will be the first time the couple have been in Europe together since they stepped back from Royal Duties in March 2020. The Invictus Games, which was founded by Prince Harry to support veterans, will take place from April 16 to 22 after being delayed by the pandemic. Prince Philip's memorial service, which took place on March 30 at Westminster Cathedral, saw around 1,800 people attend. DON'T MISS: Kate and William told to be 'very careful' as royals risk fury [REVEAL] Fears Meghan Markle podcast will centre on bitter score-settling [INSIGHT] 'Not a good look!' Meghan and Harry skewered over UK return [REACTION] A spokesperson for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle confirmed that the couple would not be present at the event but did not give an explanation. Royal commentator Omid Scobie tweeted: "A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirms that Prince Harry will not be returning to the UK for the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip on March 29. "He does, however, hope to visit the Queen as soon as possible." Previously, Prince Harry had said he was "unable to return" to the UK unless the Home Office allowed him to pay for his own police protection. A legal representative for the Duke had said: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex personally fund a private security team for their family, yet that security cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed whilst in the UK. "In the absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return to his home."