Liverpool star Mohamed Salah has been slammed as ‘selfish’ and ‘unreasonable’ for his staggering contract demands. Salah is yet to extend his current deal beyond the summer of 2023, which could incredibly see him leave Anfield in a little over a year. The 29-year-old has endured a frustrating few months, despite leading the Premier League scoring charts. He has not scored from open play in 12 outings for Liverpool or Egypt - a run that stretches two months. Disappointment on the world stage has also contributed to some below-par performances. Egypt lost the Africa Cup of Nations final against Sadio Mane’s Senegal, while they also missed out on a place at the World Cup. Liverpool are desperate to tie Salah down to a new deal but will not be held to ransom by a player who will be 30 next season. The forward is widely reported to have asked for around £400,000 per week, but some recent claims suggest he is set to renege on those demands. READ MORE: Liverpool stars support Mo Salah as Alexander-Arnold slams critics BBC pundit Garth Crooks has taken Salah on over his demands and is concerned by the public nature of contract talks. “I'm all for players negotiating the best contract possible for themselves. However, there comes a point when a negotiation can become a war of attrition. Mohamed Salah's reported wage demands of more than £400,000 a week appear selfish and unreasonable,” the former Tottenham striker wrote in his BBC column. “The Egyptian superstar's financial requests, should he get them, would smash Liverpool's pay structure to smithereens and have players in the dressing room at each other's throats. Why Salah's contract negotiations should be so widely discussed in the public domain is a mystery to me as it is unhelpful.” Since Salah’s arrival from Roma in 2017, Liverpool have won the Champions League, Premier League and EFL Cup. There have also been a host of individual accolades. DON'T MISS...West Ham star Vlasic in tears after Westwood suffers horror injuryRomelu Lukaku given deadline to save Chelsea career in stark warningArsenal ace Martinelli can be the answer to Arteta's top-four problems But Crooks argues that there is a middle ground to be found, with Liverpool and Jurgen Klopp able to argue that Salah would not have become the player he is without them. He continued: “The club are quite entitled to argue they made Salah one of the best players in the world and Salah is equally entitled to argue he should be paid in line with his current status. But without Liverpool there is no Mo Salah. There are no record goals, no titles and no awards. He certainly wasn't going to get any of that with Roma. “Meanwhile, Liverpool fans are acutely aware of the situation, but continue to support their hero even though he's gone off the boil recently - and that's because they don't want to lose him. In the meantime, Salah remains central to Liverpool's continued success, regardless of all the background noise, and the club remain on course for an unprecedented quadruple. “However, if Salah was to leave at the end of the season over money, as opposed to staying and winning more trophies, it would signal the continuing emergence of a horrible trait that could, in time, be the game's undoing.”   