French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has “shown her true colours”, President Macron says, as the far-right leader has made a series of missteps over the last few days. Some journalists were refused entry to Le Pen’s headquarters on Sunday on the grounds “they’re not journalists”, Le Pen later justified. That was the last straw for President Macron who went after her on French TV channel France 2 this morning. President Macron told France 2: “When the same person (Le Pen), on the same day, says: 'you're journalists but he's not because he says things I don't like'. This is the beginning of an authoritarian drift.” “This recipe of changing the Constitution by hand under the pretext of consulting the people and choosing journalists.” “Which consists of telling us on the same day: ‘I'm not against going back to the death penalty’.” Marine Le Pen has recently been under fire for using borderline authoritarian language, violating a series of fundamental laws enshrined in the French Constitution. She flouted press freedoms by refusing to grant some journalists access to her headquarters on Sunday when she won the first round. READ MORE: Le Pen victory would spark 'meltdown of the EU' She told French media: “I don't know why so-and-so couldn't get into space. Maybe because there was not enough space, and the accreditations did not arrive in time.” “Oh, but there are no journalists at Quotidien”, she later justified, referring to French TV show Quotidien. “Quotidien is not a news programme.” At a forum on democracy and governance, she defended her plan of holding a referendum on reinstating death penalty. “There’s no debate prohibited in a democracy”, she told French media. READ MORE: 'Don’t care Johnson broke law - what matters is results' Edwina Currie in huge row on GMB TV presenter Roux asked President Macron: “Are you telling me that she is preparing an authoritarian regime?” “I'm just saying that despite all their efforts, the true face of the far right is coming back.”, answered President Macron. “It is a face that does not respect freedoms, the constitutional framework, the independence of the press and the fundamental freedoms of hard-won rights that are at the heart of our values like the abolition of the death penalty.” DON'T MISS:‘EU ignored all UK input’ Bloc savaged for shameless ‘spin’ as it gloats over Brexit move [REPORT]Brexit: Britain carved up! EU rules may replace UK law in 'extremely concerning' blow [REPORT]Brexit LIVE: Europhiles savaged for 'near-deranged' response to British tariff bonfire [LIVE] Four professors of public law warned of Le Pen’s “authoritarian tendencies” in an article in the newspaper Le Monde, saying that holding a referendum to impose the principle of Le Pen’s national priority “violates the Constitution” and threatens the rule of law, in the same way Hungary and Poland leaders have done it. Under her immigration plan, far-right leader Le Pen has been promoting the ‘national priority’ that would give the French priority in social housing, employment, and social assistance over foreigners. Ms Le Pen’s election at the head of France remains a possibility, as only an eight-percent gap separates her from Mr Macron in the polls.