The Queen faced some backlash after she was seen being escorted down the aisle at Westminster Abbey by Prince Andrew. The Duke of York did not appear at any Royal Family event since being forced into early retirement in November 2019 following his disastrous interview with Newsnight about his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. Expert Camilla Tominey claimed even royal aides "were horrified" to see Prince Andrew at Her Majesty's side at such a poignant event. Ms Tominey said: "No one actually knew, not even the Queen that the Duke of York was going to take that prominent role at the memorial. "And actually, royal aides were pretty horrified by the whole scene." The Duke of York has been under considerable pressure to step back from family events as well after his legal battle with his accuser Virginia Giuffre. Prince Andrew vehemently denied all allegations and earlier this year agreed to an out-of-court settlement for an undisclosed amount.  The Duke of York was also stripped of his honourary military titles, with strong suggestions a return to public life would be significantly hard to achieve. Eric Schiffer, Chairman of Reputation Management Consultants, said the Duke of York is likely to remain in the shadows as the rest of the Royal Family celebrates the Queen's 70th year on the throne. Mr Schiffer told Express.co.uk: "The odds of seeing Prince Andrew at the Jubilee are the same as Martians landing on the Mall to honour Her Majesty.” Speaking to The Sun, a royal insider said: "He was meant to stay invisible during the Platinum Jubilee so there is no way he will be at events like Trooping the Colour. READ MORE: 'Emotionally needy' Harry 'utterly taken over by Meghan' as 'whole personality changed' “But the Queen needs a chaperone on all occasions at the moment due to her mobility issues and Andrew has earmarked the Derby as the one he will accompany her at. He just doesn’t seem to understand the public outcry." The Duke of York faced further backlash last week after using HRH to share reflections of his experience on the battlefield as the UK marked the 40th year of the Falklands War. Using Sarah, Duchess of York's official Instagram account, Prince Andrew remarked he returned from the conflict "a changed man". In a series of posts, the Duke presented a 700-word essay on his experience, signing his contribution with the signature HRH. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry mocked over Netflix crew in Europe [BLOG]Meghan drops Duchess title in Archetypes ‘to rebrand herself' - claim [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Megan Markle told to 'move on with your life' [OPINION] However, he is believed to have agreed with the Queen not to use the style when speaking on his own behalf. Announcing the decision to withdraw the Duke's honorary titles, Buckingham Palace said in January: "With the Queen's approval and agreement, the Duke of York's military affiliations and Royal patronages have been returned to the Queen. "The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen." The ducal title, a personal present from Her Majesty on the occasion of his wedding to Sarah Ferguson in 1986, remains in place.