Arsenal talent Bukayo Saka has named his toughest opponent so far in his glittering career as Sergio Busquets, Barcelona and Spain's trophy-laden star. Saka has claimed that the midfielder "embarrassed" him in a friendly match in 2019.  Saka, 20, made his Arsenal debut in November 2018 in a Europa League tie against Vorskla Poltava. Becoming the first player born in the 21st century to compete in a Premier League game just two months later, he has gone from strength to strength since, featuring in 122 games for the Gunners before his 21st birthday. Having broken into the England set-up in 2020, Saka has come up against a plethora of world-class players. But the starlet chose a surprising answer in Busquets, despite only playing against him once. “Sergio Busquets,” Saka told GQ Magazine without a shred of hesitation when asked to name his most difficult opponent. The Arsenal forward played against the Barcelona and Spain hero in August 2019. READ MORE: Liverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clause Saka added: “The way he just so elegantly turned me! I came at him to press him, I tried to fake this side then go to the other, and the way he just embarrassed me. I was just like, yeah, this guy is elite. The way he just took me out of the play, I said, ‘Respect.’ "Busquets is three steps ahead of everyone, and that’s what makes you a top footballer. That’s what I realised that day.” Saka has played against defensive greats in the Premier League such as Virgil van Dijk, Joao Cancelo and Thiago Silva. Even at Euro 2020, he faced top German stars such as Joshua Kimmich and Toni Kroos. But Busquets' trophy cabinet does back up Saka's claims. His decorated career has seen him win multiple team trophies. DON'T MISS  The Barcelona academy graduate - who has spent his entire career at the Nou Camp - has won eight La Liga titles, seven Copa del Reys and four Champions Leagues. Busquets also won a World Cup and a European Championship with Spain, something Saka will look at with envy due to his missed penalty in England's Euros final defeat against Italy in July.