Sky News' Diplomatic editor Dominic Waghorn discussed evidence being gathered to be presented to the ICC International Criminal Court. Russian forces have been accused of killing innocent Ukrainian civilians by performing mass executions in the city of Bucha. Mr Waghorn explained that Russian President Vladimir Putin and his commanders won't be prosecuted right away, but in the future. Mr Waghorn said: "Ultimately we could be looking at all that being gathered and then being presented for some kind of prosecution in the ICC International Criminal Court. "And some kind of process that will in absentia probably be trying to bring Russian commanders soldiers on the ground, and the Russian leadership to some kind of justice. "But until there is any change of regime in Russia that is going to be fairly token. "It will be in absentia and we're not going to see prosecution against Vladimir Putin or any other commanders around him any time soon." JUST IN: Sturgeon to face fresh challenge from ferry fiasco amid Derek Mackay inquiry, expert warns     Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky condemned the Buch Massacre which took place in the Ukrainian city of Bucha. Russian military forces are believed to have killed large amounts of Ukrainians at close range, piling their bodies into mass trenches and leaving some in the exact place they lay dead out in the open for weeks. Mr Zelensky said: “These are war crimes and will be recognised by the world as genocide. The longer the Russian Federation drags out the meeting process, the worse it is for them.”  READ MORE: Airlines turn on Government amid Easter travel chaos - ‘We warned ministers’     Mr Zelensky said citizens who witness the massacre in Bucha were still feeding stray animals, Mr Zelensky added: “That’s a characteristic of our people...treat animals the way you would treat humans. Multiple reports of sexual violence against women and children in Ukraine have been reported by Ukrainian civilians still in the country. Melinda Simmons, the British Ambassador to Ukraine spoke out about the violent acts committed by Russian troops against women in Ukraine. Ms Simmons wrote on Twitter: “Rape is a weapon of war. Though we don’t yet know the full extent of its use in Ukraine it’s already clear it was part of Russia’s arsenal. “Women raped in front of their kids, girls in front of their families, as a deliberate act of subjugation. Rape is a war crime.” British intelligence MI6 chief Richard Moore said: “We knew Putin’s invasion plans included summary executions by his military and intelligence services. “The reports of execution-style killings of civilians emerging from liberated areas are horrifying and chilling.”   