The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have left some members of the Montecito community "bristling" as, despite moving to the area during the summer of 2020, they have yet to really become "part of the community", according to British journalist Richard Mineards. The writer, who pens a gossip column for the Montecito Journal, claimed the public sightings of Meghan and Harry in the community have so far been rare. He told The Times: "Harry and Meghan haven’t become part of the community, and I think a lot of people are bristling about that really. "It’s such a lovely place to go out and they’ve been a no-show. "There is this big question of, ‘Where are they?'" The columnist also said locals had kept their fingers crossed they would see the Duke of Sussex make an appearance at a Santa Barbara concert, where cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason performed alongside his pianist sister. Mr Kanneh-Mason achieved global fame in May 2018, when he played at Meghan and Harry's televised wedding. However, his Santa Barbara performance took place last Tuesday, when the Duke was busy with the Invictus Games which, this year, were at The Hague. Mr Mineards said: "There were high hopes that Harry would appear. "But the Invictus Games meant it wasn’t to be." READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry 'contributing to disinterest in Netflix' Prince Harry and Meghan have been reportedly keeping a low profile in Montecito over the past two years. But they are known to occasionally step out to walk their dogs Pula and Guy at a local beach or enjoy a meal out. Meghan and Harry have been spotted at Lucky’s Steakhouse with Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank as well as music mogul David Foster. Prince Harry himself confessed to having ridden a "Wienermobile", a car shaped like a hot dog famously advertising Oscar Mayer products across the US. And, one insider has claimed, the Duke may soon become more involved in the Montecito buzzing community as he is joining the Santa Barbara Polo and Racquet Club. If this is confirmed, Prince Harry, a fan of the sport, may play alongside his friend and professional polo player Ignacio 'Nacho' Figueras from May 1, when the season begins. Andrew Bossom, an old Etonian and keen polo player who lives in California, told the broadsheet: "It’s one of the most beautiful polo clubs in America and there is expectation and hope that Prince Harry will start playing there. "It would be a huge step into the local community for him." Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex for comment. Meghan and Harry's Montecito neighbourhood includes A-listers such as TV host Oprah Winfrey, singer Katie Perry and actor Orlando Bloom. But it is also made of non-celebrities who are fiercely respectful of their more famous neighbours' privacy and are ready to cast away paparazzi. Prince Harry has opened up twice about living in Montecito with his wife and two children Archie Harrison and Lilibet "Lili" Diana. Appearing on the Armchair Expert podcast in May last year, he revealed Bloom had recently sent him a text to warn him about paparazzi in the area. He also expressed candidly how he enjoyed living in California. The Duke said: "Living here now I can actually lift my head and I feel different, my shoulders have dropped, so have hers, you can walk around feeling a little bit more free, I can take Archie on the back of my bicycle, I would never have had the chance to do that." In a more recent interview with NBC's Today, the royal praised the Montecito community. He told host Hoda Kotb, who interviewed him during the Invictus Games: "We've been welcomed with open arms. "And we've got such a great community up in Santa Barbara". He added home for him at the moment is "in the States". Harry continued: "And it feels that way as well."