Meghan Markle and Prince Harry arrived to attend the opening ceremony to the notes of On Top of The World by Imagine Dragons. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were welcomed by ecstatic attendees cheering as the couple walked to their front row seats. The couple arrive in The Hague on Friday and kicked off the celebrations ahead of the Invictus Games opening ceremony with a series of special events hosted by the sponsors.  The crowd could be seen waving at the couple as they walked by, with phones being held up to film the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's entrance. The Invictus Games, which Prince Harry helped create in 2014, will be held at the Zuiderpark in The Hague from Sunday, with veterans competing in a series of sports challenges until next Friday. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex both delivered speeches during the opening ceremony, sharing a loving kiss after Meghan Markle introduced Prince Harry to the stage with a tribute to her "incredible" husband. Meghan donned an off-the-shoulder white top with a ruched knot in the middle of the bust and black trousers.  She completed the look with a simple gold necklace paired up with diamond studs. Guests and athletes further cheered and applauded the couple as they were officially welcomed to the ceremony. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's stay in The Netherlands marks the first time the couple returned to Europe together since stepping down from their official royal roles in 2020. The Duke of Sussex had previously come back to the UK to attend Prince Philip's funeral in April 2020, at which time the Duchess was advised by doctors to stay in California as she was heavily pregnant with her daughter Lilibet. READ MORE: Adorable moment beaming Harry and Meghan driven by children on first day of Invictus - VID Harry also returned to be present at the unveiling of a statue in tribute to Princess Diana at Kensington Palace in July 2021. Their appearance was greeted with enthusiasm by supporters of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex after the games had to be postponed for two years because of the pandemic. Twitter user @tootla_angeline said: "Harry has waited so long for #IG22. To see his work and effort come together. Wow #PrinceHarry #MeghanMarkle #DukeandDuchessofSussex. What a team." @meg_sussex wrote: "I feel the excitement in the venue through the screen. Love it." DON'T MISS Best pictures of Princess Anne's royal tour so far [INSIGHT] Meghan issued warning as feminists to launch attack on her new podcast [REVEAL] Queen's action 'removes any danger' of Harry and Andrew duties [REPORT]    @Sofia_Alcazar98 said: "Winning couple in all sense of the word." Meghan won over particular praise for her look, with @NaafsSietske writing on Twitter: "Meghan and the messy bun! Missed her “signature look” lately! "They look absolutely fantastic!" And @jepowe11 wrote: "Everything she wears is gold." During his speech, the Duke of Sussex paid tribute to Ukrainian participants to the Games, praising their decision to attend the event to share "their truth" about the ongoing invasion of their country. 