Netflix’s acclaimed crime series Ozark will finally be returning to screens for the highly-anticipated second half of its fourth and final season. After the release of its trailer, fans noticed a familiar face would be making a comeback and as a result, many of them shared their disappointment on Reddit.  Since season two Rachel Garrison (played by Jordana Spiro) has been missing from the series. Having had a troubled past, she was forced to betray her friend and short term fling Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman) after being coerced by a cop. Just when Rachel appeared to have gotten her life back on a straight path, she completely disappeared from the series. However, it looks like she could make a huge comeback when season four returns after being spotted in the trailer by eagle-eyed fans. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... Her return could be explosive as she was seen under the rain and next to Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) with a rifle. Despite this, some fans were disappointed to see Rachel make an appearance in the trailer as they considered her a pointless character. Under a post which revealed her presence, user Stefsureddit commented: “Seriously? I don't understand the point of bringing back the character of Rachel.“ EvilQueen0608 agreed: “I noticed her in the trailer and not very exciting, I was glad when she left! Lol!“ Viewers were first introduced to Rachel in season one when she was seen escaping into the depths of Missouri after entering a dodgy deal with Marty and his wife Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney). Then she went missing again until season two where she was forced to spy on Marty and his business deals for FBI agent Roy Petty (Jason Butler Harner). She felt as though she had no other choice after Roy listed her numerous charges and he threatened to arrest her for this if she didn't cooperate. Knowing her history and battle with substance abuse, Roy proceeded to bribe her with free drugs. DON'T MISS...Ozark season 4 theory: Byrdes' fate after bone-crushing car crash [THEORY]Ozark fans fume as major character killed in trailer [REACTION]Ozark season 4: Charlotte 'foreshadowed' Marty and Wendy death [INSIGHT] Eventually she accidentally overdosed, but survived and was visited by Marty in hospital, where she revealed she had been wearing a wire. At that moment, the two also shared a kiss and they worked together on a plan to get rid of Roy. While some fans shared their disapproval to see Rachel return to season four, other fans were excited to see she would be making a comeback. This included pine_needles24 who wrote: “So glad they are bringing her back....such a good character and now she seems like a bad**s.” Slimeshady666 shared:” I was kinda wondering where the hell she went.” 1spring anticipated: “I think her presence will make Marty wish even harder that he wasn’t married to Wendy anymore. Also, Wendy was very jealous of Rachel, so her presence might make Wendy more unstable.” While an excited Onemoresavblan commented: “Amazing, can’t wait for Part 2” Though part one ended with Ruth furious at the Byrde family, fans will have to tune in to see if the two will come together to take them down. Ozark season 4, part 1, is available to stream on Netflix now. Ozark season 4, part 2, premieres April 29.