Sharon Osbourne, 69, has opened up about receiving death threats following her departure from CBS chat show, The Talk. Ms Osbourne was axed from the show after she defended Piers Morgan’s comments about Meghan Markle after her interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. When Piers claimed on Good Morning Britain that he didn’t “believe a word” the Duchess of Sussex said, it sparked outrage and led to his exit from the ITV show he had hosted for six years. In the wake of the furore, Sharon tweeted in support of her former America’s Got Talent co-star. She wrote: “Piers Morgan I am with you. I stand by you. People forget that you’re paid for your opinion and that you’re just speaking your truth.” The next day, her The Talk co-host, Sheryl Underwood, challenged Sharon on her tweet and voiced whether it appeared she had “given validation” to Piers' “racist” comments. READ MORE:Gogglebox’s Malone family pulled aside at airport security after gaffe CBS launched an official investigation and Sharon gave a public apology to “anyone of colour that she offended”. The former X Factor judge was ultimately told she was on “permanent suspension”, which led to her being ostracized in America, she claims. Recalling that time, she says she and her husband Ozzy Osbourne received death threats and had to hire permanent security. Sharon explained: “They were saying they were going to come in the night, cut my throat, cut Ozzy’s throat, cut my dogs’ throats. “My phone as far as my TV career here [was concerned] was non-existent, not one call...It was like I was dead,” she told The Times. Things were so difficult for Sharon at that time, she had to undergo months of ketamine therapy. The therapy sees nurses inject the drug into patients in a bid to cure depression, pain, and other mental health issues. On her experience, she explained: “If you’re a person that stuffs things, saying ‘I’m fine, I’m fine,’ this drug relaxes you. DON'T MISSBBC Breakfast's Naga Munchetty inundated shares health update[LATEST]Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore[INSIGHT]Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’[NEWS] “You’re not out completely. You can hear, you can talk, but you’re so relaxed, and you can’t bullsh** on it.” Sharon will now join Piers Morgan on TalkTV with a brand-new show, also named The Talk. The 9pm show will see Sharon join five panellists to discuss the biggest topics of the day. After announcing her return last month, Sharon said: “We have a panel of five people talking for an hour about whatever the news of the day is, but in a way that isn't combative. “It's not nasty. We all have different opinions on everything, but everyone will get heard,” as reported by MailOnline. Piers has also shared his excitement that his red-headed friend will be joining him on the new channel, while slamming her axing from the US show. He told The Sun’s TV mag: “Sharon got cancelled from her show The Talk in America after 10 years, a show that she loved and was the star of, because she tweeted her support for my right to have an opinion. She didn’t even agree with the opinion, she just said I was entitled to it, which by the way I was.” Sharon Osbourne will appear on The Talk weeknights at 9pm on TalkTV.