Long lines of traffic have been seen at Manchester air-port check-in, and at the security entrance as well as in the underground car park. The Eurostar terminal in Paris and at Manchester Airport was packed with travellers this morning as 'Manic Monday' got underway. An estimated 14 million cars will also set off on journies to get home ahead of the working week. The AA said that roads will be particularly busy today. This is because all the traffic will be condensed into one day, unlike in the lead-up to Easter when it was staggered over several days. To further add to the travel chaos, at least 20 flights between Scotland and London have been cancelled by British Airways and easyJet today. There have also been cancellations to Heathrow-bound flights.  These include inbound flights from cities including Paris, Amsterdam and Geneva. Airlines and airports have been hit by staff shortages. There has also been more demand from the public over the Easter holidays. This has led to more delays at Heathrow, Birmingham, Gatwick and Manchester airports.  Warnings of further disruption to travel over the Easter bank holiday have come from other quarters. Immigration Services Union general secretary Lucy Moreton said: "This weekend, catastrophically understaffed, with people travelling again, we anticipate queues will move from security-based queues going outward to Border Force queues coming back in." RAC spokesman Simon Williams said: "Rail engineering works lead to more road congestion as some people travel by car instead." Works on the West Coast Rail Line have seen coaches used as almost 50 miles of the route is shut between London Euston and Milton Keynes.    The Stansted Express rail traveller has now been replaced by a bus service to and from the airport. Richard Freeston-Clough, the spokesman for passenger watchdog London TravelWatch, said: "More leisure rail journeys are taking place as it is Easter. "But engineering projects mean disruption." A Network Rail spokesman said: "The vast majority of the network is open for business as usual. "Where our projects are hitting services, we aim to keep disruption to a minimum by using alternative routes and using of buses as the last resort." 