 A bill to scrap the European Union’s “Vnuk” motor insurance law passed through Parliament on Monday, which Transport Secretary Grant Shapps hailed as “another Brexit win”. The EU law could have required a wider range of vehicles beyond cars and motorbikes to have motor insurance, including golf buggies, mobility scooters, quad bikes and lawn mowers.  The law was first introduced after a Slovenian farmer, Damijan Vnuk, was knocked off his ladder by a reversing tractor-trailer on a private farm in 2007. It was ruled that the compulsory motor insurance requirement must be extended to include vehicles being used on private land. This could have also impacted a greater range of vehicles, potentially including those in motorsports, agricultural machinery and light electric vehicles. Tim Short, FSM Partner at Plexus Law, commented on the decision to scrap the law, saying it would bring an “end to the exposure” for insurers. READ MORE: Fury as police seize man's van for parking on the pavement  Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “In the 2019 Court of Appeal judgement in Lewis v Tindale, the Court of Appeal acknowledged Mr Lewis’ entitlement to make a claim against the Motor Insurance Bureau (MIB), as an emanation of the state, for the UK Government’s failure to enact domestic legislation is compliance with the EU Motor Directives. “This in turn exposed the MIB, and their members, UK motor insurers, to liability for unsatisfied judgements for damages arising out of the use of uninsured vehicles on private land. “The bill, if enacted, will bring an end to the exposure of the MIB, and the UK Government, to claims for damages arising out of the use of vehicles on private land. “No longer will the MIB and its members have to foot the bill for golf buggy pile ups and powered lawn mower runovers.” DON'T MISSBelfast named as the best UK airport for parking – Full list [INSIGHT]Delight at scrapping of EU law that wanted sit-on mowers insured [COMMENT]Drivers warned of huge fines for drinking even in the passenger seat [SHOCKING]  There were fears that the Vnuk law could have decimated the UK’s motorsports industry due to additional insurance costs of roughly £458million every single year. Following the passage of the Bill, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said: “Sacking this nonsensical EU rule will protect the pockets of hard-working British people as we continue to help ease cost of living pressures. “This is another Brexit win and I’m delighted this Bill has rightfully passed through Parliament, saving billions of pounds of additional insurance costs and protecting our world-leading motorsports sector.” Not implementing the law will prevent an almost £2billion hike for the country’s insurance industry.  This would have translated into a potential increase in individual insurance premiums of around £50 per motorist per year. Commenting further on the scrapping of the law, Mr Short said: “Some may see this as a lost opportunity for growth in the insurance industry. “If the Road Traffic Act had been extended to require the insurance of all powered vehicles used anywhere in the UK, a lot more insurance policies would be required, and more premiums would be paid to insurers. “Furthermore, some of the cost of vehicular accidents on private land will fall to the taxpayer, through medical costs and payment of benefits, where similar costs arising from road traffic collisions will be shared between insurers, paid for by the premiums of the road users who are at risk of causing such losses.”  The Bill was originally introduced to Parliament by Peter Bone, a Conservative MP for Wellingborough in Northamptonshire. He said he was “delighted” and “grateful” that Brexit allowed him to promote a Bill which saves drivers money every year. James Dalton, Director of General Insurance Policy for the Association of British Insurers, also praised the move for benefitting drivers. He said: “Common sense has prevailed and we welcome the Government’s scrapping of this unnecessary and unenforceable requirement. “Monitoring compliance and enforcement for those using vehicles on private land, as well as establishing the circumstances of any claim, would have been fraught with difficulties and risked increasing fraud which would ultimately end up being paid for by motorists through their insurance premiums.”