This rate rise affected benefits such as the state pension, Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payment (PIP), which were increased in line with the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation. As a result of this, claimants of any of the above payments will receive a 3.1 percent boost to their benefit rates from the DWP. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) published plans to increase benefit payments last year. PIP is a benefit payment designed to assist people with the additional financial costs that arise from having a disability. It is made up of two parts - a daily living component and a mobility component - which have a lower and higher payment rate. The standard and lower payment rate of PIP are awarded depending on the severity of the claimant’s condition. Weekly payments for the daily living component have gone up from £89.60 to £92.40 for enhanced and from £60 from £61.85 for standard. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  In comparison, the mobility component’s rates have jumped from £62.55 to £64.50 for enhanced, and £23.70 to £24.45 for standard. Some PIP applicants are able to claim both the daily living and mobility components of the disability payment. If someone were to claim the enhanced rate of both components, they would receive £156.90 a week. Despite the latest payment hike, experts have sounded the alarm that the cost of living crisis affecting families across the country will need further support to make ends meet. In the last month, inflation has hit a 30-year record high and energy bills are set to go up by £693 a year. Dan Paskins, the director of UK Impact at Save the Children, shared his concern that the recent rate hike may not be enough to meet the demands being placed on households. Mr Paskins explained: “Despite an increase of three percent to benefits from today, families will still be worse off and facing impossible choices such as whether to heat their homes or put food on the table. “We’re working with parents who are already stretched to the limit and tell us there’s nothing left to cut back. “The scale of the cost of living increases is putting huge pressure on budgets. Parents have told us they are skipping meals and relying on foodbanks to feed their children. “A rise that doesn’t even cover a pack of nappies per week when prices are spiralling across the board seems tokenistic to those bearing the brunt of the cost of living crisis. “This isn’t good enough. Families need direct support through the social security system, starting with an increase to benefits of at least eight percent to match price rises. “Anything less means a real term cut to families’ incomes and children will always pay the price.” Recently, the Government has made a conscious effort to promote the various disability benefit payments it has on offer. Outside of PIP, claimants can also put forward applications for other DWP payments, such as Attendance Allowance. Chloe Smith, the Government's minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, emphasised the importance of disabled people taking advantage of the support provided by the DWP. Ms Smith said: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them, so it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.”