Some of the far-fetched excuses included “having to spend time with their hamster”, “their dog ate their shoes” and “they were washing their hair”. “Being busy with the kids” and “their favourite TV show is on” were also among the top excuses for not living a healthier lifestyle. And it emerged that more than half of adults admitted they will find other things they “need” to do rather than the healthy task at hand, such as going to the gym. Avoidance tactics included tidying, completing “this level” on a videogame, and blaming a busy day at work. But over a third (39 percent) were left feeling disappointed, anxious or sad after giving an excuse to avoid doing something healthy. The research was conducted by Bassetts Vitamins to understand more about healthy habit formation – which has led to the development of a motivation generator tool to help encourage people to take on these tasks. Neuroscience expert, Katherine Templar-Lewis, said: “Healthy habits are harder to form than unhealthy ones, as they can feel more complex and take longer to feel the reward. “Bad habits become unconscious “short cuts” we take. We use our brain’s ability for “confirmation bias” to find excuses to justify why we aren’t doing the healthy habits – making ourselves feel better with the bad excuses, and fitting facts to our own agenda. “Negativity bias convinces us that our good habits are harder than they really are. “However, once a habit is formed, it’s like muscle – the more practise it gets, the easier it is. “Small steps can be taken to help healthy habits not feel like a chore and just become part of our usual routine.” The study found young adults aged 18-24 were the likeliest to feel less motivated to live a healthy lifestyle because of the pandemic, with 68 percent of this age group feeling this way, compared to 40 percent of all adults in general who are struggling. As a result, young adults make up three excuses a day to avoid something healthy. And 22 percent of this age group have considered wine one of their “five a day,” compared to one in ten of all adults, who also cited a fruity cocktail such as a daquiri or mojito as part of their recommended intake. It also emerged one in ten adults started taking vitamins in January – but have failed to keep it up. And one in five regularly start and stop taking vitamins, with the top reasons being they forget or find them boring. But while attempting to adopt a new healthy habit alone can be tough, over half (57 percent) said they were more inclined to be healthy if someone else was along for the ride. Rachel Fox, from Bassetts Vitamins, which has launched its new range of adult fruity gummies to make taking a daily supplement more fun, said: “Supporting your health doesn’t mean having to go to extremes or massively overhauling your life. “There are lots of small steps you can take to form a healthy habit without it feeling like a chore. “Our vitamins are designed in a delicious chewy one-a-day format, so it’s a small step in your daily routine and therefore one little thing you can tick off the list without the need for any excuses.” KATHERINE TEMPLAR-LEWIS' TOP TIPS FOR CREATING ACHIEVABLE GOALS: