Mike Bushell responded with horror when he saw Dan Walker jokingly tweet that Carol Kirkwood had replaced him on BBC Breakfast. As Dan wished Carol luck, Mike wrote: “What? Nooo!” Dan made headlines in recent days when he confirmed he was leaving the BBC for a new contract at Channel 5, where he will host their news show. Some viewers speculated that weather presenter Carol would be replacing him alongside co-host Sally Nugent. In view of his 753,000 followers, Dan then tweeted a screenshot of an article about the possibility of Carol stepping into his shoes. Posting a photo of a beaming Carol, he wrote: “Good morning Carol. All the best with your new job.” Indicating he was only kidding, Dan added a laughing face and winking face emoji. This clearly tickled Carol, who replied: “NAUGHTY!!” alongside several laughing and kissing faces. Their fellow BBC Breakfast star Mike, who presents the sports coverage on the show, was evidently not keen on this prospect. In view of his 61.1 followers, he replied: “What ? Noooo” alongside lots of shocked face emojis. Carol had previously addressed the ongoing speculation herself on the social media platform after fans asked whether she was set to step in. Twitter user Sent159 asked: “Good morning Carol and where r u going ..” (sic) Carol responded: “Nowhere!!! Very much staying on @BBCBreakfast Gavin x.” Channel 5 confirmed the news that Dan was joining their roster on Twitter last week along with a short one minute video featuring the Strictly Come Dancing legend. In the clip, Dan appeared in good spirits as he explained: "Hello, Dan Walker here. I have a little bit of news for you. "In the next few weeks, I'm going to be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 news and Channel 5. "I am really excited, but this has also been a massive decision for me." He praised his co-star Sally, and continued: "Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans, and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often and I can't wait." Days later, he was forced to shut down swirling rumours about the reason for his departure. Addressing his 274,000 Instagram followers, he wrote: “It is often the case that the simple truth is much duller than all the made-up ‘moles’ and so-called ‘sources’ claim. “In a nutshell… a bloke with a really good job, which he loved, got offered a really good job somewhere else which provided an amazing new challenge and the opportunity to make some exciting telly. “The bloke explained to his current employers that, even though it was a tough decision, he had decided to leave. “They are now trying their best to allow him to make a dignified departure,” he added. 