Liverpool may have 'threatened' Barcelona over a move for Mohamed Salah this summer, but it's the Reds who are under real pressure ahead of the transfer window. Liverpool have currently tried and failed to agree terms with Salah on a new deal with little over a year left on his current contract. Talks have reportedly been taking place since last summer, but FSG have so far refused to meet Salah's demands. The Egypt international supposedly wants to see his wages match the likes of Kevin De Bruyne as one of the best-paid players in the Premier League. But, in doing so, Liverpool would break the current wage structure in place at Anfield which has proven to be successful in recent years. How Liverpool navigates that in the next few months could well determine Salah's future. According to Spanish publication Sport, Liverpool have issued Barcelona with a warning on trying to prise Salah away this summer. It is claimed that Liverpool would prefer Salah to run down his contract as opposed to selling at the end of the season. JUST IN: Man City star Aymeric Laporte risks strong Liverpool before title game  But Liverpool's stance that Salah is practically 'un-transferable' could come back to bite them in the long run. The Reds have always maintained that no player is bigger than the club, even before FSG took over the club. And they've not stood in the way of any player who has made it abundantly clear that he wants to leave. Salah has so far given no indication that he's pushing for an exit, in fact he admitted earlier this year that his preference would be the finish his career at Liverpool. FSG know the price to make that happen and it's pointless focusing their attention on other clubs who may be interested in Salah. As one of the world's best strikers, Salah will always attract attention and the only way to calm that down will be signing him to a new deal. DON'T MISS  And Liverpool's focus on Barcelona will hardly act in their favour in negotiations with Salah. FSG will also have to go without Klopp interjecting to try and convince the 29-year-old to sign a new deal. When asked last month whether he would need to speak to Salah and his agent about the importance of squad harmony, Klopp said: “No, I don’t have to remind any player and for sure not Mo of that. No chance. “This season everyone is completely committed. It is a clear commitment for the team for this season and then we'll talk about the rest - future, immediate, further. Mo is not a guy for that, not at all. If I don’t line him up then his mood goes down. That is possible, but not against the team or whatever.”