Chelsea have been handed a major boost as defender Antonio Rudiger is reportedly ‘unlikely’ to sign for Barcelona. The German’s contract expires at the end of the season and with the Blues unable to offer new deals under their special license, Rudiger has been linked with a move to the La Liga giants.   Rudiger has become a key part of Thomas Tuchel side in the last year. He was crucial in their Champions League success last term and has been one of their best performers in the Premier League. But the 29-year-old’s contract situation has left his future in doubt as Chelsea are unable to renew his terms. The West Londoners are operating under a special license following sanctions being imposed on Roman Abramovich. An inability to offer new contracts is one of the limitations under the license, with the exception of Cesar Azpilicueta who recently met a clause in his terms that automatically extended his stay by a further year. Rudiger and fellow defender Andreas Christensen could end up departing on free transfers in the summer.   JUST IN: Liverpool's Klopp sparks fear with Salah in 'tough period' before City But Rudiger could end up staying, especially if the special license is lifted in the aftermath of a takeover. According to journalist Fabrizio Romano, the former Roma star has not had an offer from Barca and a move to the Catalan outfit is ‘unlikely’, despite a meeting between the club and the player’s representatives. That is partly because centre-back partner Christensen is likely to join Xavi Hernandez’s side when his Chelsea contract expires in June, according to reports. A deal for the Danish defender to join Barca is much further along than one with Rudiger, with whom the Spanish side are reportedly yet to meet in person. DON'T MISS...Man Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk in Liverpool lossRalf Rangnick to work just six days a month in new Man Utd roleMan City boss Guardiola backed to rethink Foden role for Liverpool There were reports last week that Rudiger’s representatives had met with Barca but that did not trouble Tuchel, who said he would have also met with the ace had he managed another club: “I would try to meet him if he was not our player. We still have a contract and have a good chance [to renew] when the ownership issue is sorted. It is fair enough if he listens to others but I am still confident.” Rudiger scored a thumping 35-yard strike in Chelsea’s 4-1 defeat by Brentford on Saturday. He celebrated by embracing Tuchel but the Blues head coach has suggested there is little to read into. The former Borussia Dortmund boss added: “If you want to read something into it, you can read something into it. I was surprised he came to me to celebrate. He was maybe surprised that the ball went in, because he tried so many times. “But yeah, it was a nice moment. You could see how happy he is, you could see how everybody was happy with him and what it meant to him and what it meant to us.”   