Lionel Messi could be the only Argentinian player left at Paris Saint-Germain at the start of next season, according to reports. The seven-time Ballon d'Or winner penned a two-year deal at the club upon his arrival last summer and is currently joined by the likes of Angel Di Maria, Mauro Icardi and Leandro Paredes in the French capital. However, it seems as though Messi could emerge as the last one standing at the end of the upcoming summer transfer window. PSG are set to offload virtually every Argentinian player on their books over the next few months, according to L'Equipe.The report claims that Di Maria is widely expected to leave PSG upon the expiry of his contract at the end of the season after not being offered an extension to his current deal. He will be followed out of the club by Icardi, who attracted plenty of unwanted publicity upon falling out with his wife and agent Wanda last year.Paredes, who arrived in 2019, is also understood to be on his way out and is said to be the subject of Premier League interest ahead of next season. He is reportedly an unpopular figure in PSG's dressing room, with the majority of his team-mates simply viewing him as Messi's lap dog. JUST IN: Haaland could still sign for Real Madrid despite Man City 'agreement' PSG were said to have arranged for Paredes to undergo surgery mid-season in order to avoid the possibility of disrupting a move elsewhere in the summer months. He is also believed to be keen on the idea of taking up a fresh challenge in order to boost his chances of making the Argentina squad for this year's World Cup in Qatar.The situation is likely to see Messi become PSG's only Argentinian player in a far cry from the days of Ezequiel Lavezzi, Javier Pastore and Giovani Lo Celso at the Parc des Princes. Messi is only tied down until the end of next season, though, and has been linked with a premature exit after failing to live up to expectations since joining PSG from Barcelona last summer. He has only scored three league goals for the club this season and it remains to be seen whether he will look to stay in Paris beyond the end of his current deal. However, former PSG winger Ludovic Giuly recently insisted that Messi will soon return to his stunning form of old after finally coming to terms with the nature of his Barcelona exit."If he stays at PSG, I think it will be a top because he’s a winner," Guily told Foot Mercato. "We all had a lot of expectations in Leo when he arrived."I don’t know his future, but if he stays at PSG, it will be great. He’s a professional, and he’s one of the best players in the world. Inevitably, he has not yet digested the separation with FC Barcelona." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here