Payments will go up by 1.25 percentage points meaning they will rise from 12 percent to 13.25 percent. Many Britons will feel the financial squeeze as the planned hike is going ahead, and is said to affect middle income earners the hardest. The average worker will pay an extra £255 a year in taxes. However, under plans announced by the Government, the National Insurance threshold will rise both tomorrow and again in July. Currently the threshold is £9,568 a year however from tomorrow the annual amount someone can earn before they have to pay National Insurance will increase to £9,880. From July 6 there will be another rise taking the threshold to £12,570. READ MORE: State pensioners may be able to get a £89 cash boost each week - how to claim The Treasury says the July increase will help almost 30 million workers. It said seven in 10 of those who pay National Insurance will pay less after the second increase. A further 2.2 million people will pay nothing. Workers who earn more than this and have reached state pension age will be expected to contribute. From 2023/24, pensioners will be expected to pay the levy too as anyone earning more than £184 a week will be expected to contribute to the Health and Social Care levy. This tax rise will then turn into a health and social care levy from 2023, which all employees will contribute towards - including working pensioners. All workers, including the self-employed, will all pay 1.25p more per pound in National Insurance. The amount of National Insurance someone pays is dependent on their salary, however people earning under £9,568 don't have to pay National Insurance and won't have to contribute. National Insurance is a tax on earnings, paid by both employed and self-employed workers. It allows workers to qualify for certain benefits and the state pension. Britons pay mandatory National Insurance if they are 16 or over and are either an employee earning above £184 a week, or self-employed and making a profit of £6,515 or more a year. If someone has an employer, or they’re self-employed but work for an employer, they will pay Class 1 National Insurance contributions. If someone has an employer, or they’re self-employed but work for an employer, they will pay Class 1 National Insurance contributions. The amount one pays on National Insurance is then worked out based on their gross earnings, before tax or pension deductions, above certain thresholds. Salary sacrifice schemes effectively cuts one’s salary, and pays money into their pension, which is free of both income tax and National Insurance. It in turn also gives one’s retirement stash a boost so they will have more money in later life. The idea is that by giving up a portion of salary, the amount the person gets paid is reduced – which decreases the amount of income tax and National Insurance they pay.