Relatives who have provided care for a family member could get National Insurance credits which could in turn increase their state pension. These are known as Specified Adult Childcare Credits. Britons may be entitled to receive the credits if they are a grandparent or other family member who has provided care for a child under 12. This could be because their parent or main carer was working. The credits are only available from April 2011 onwards, and anyone looking to claim must make an application to do so. The credits help to build up an individual’s National Insurance contributions. READ MORE: State pension warning: Britons urged to check record to ensure they get full sum This could help them fill any gaps in their National Insurance record and get more state pension as a result. Claims can be backdated all the way back to April 2011 when the credits were introduced. By doing this, experts have estimated someone could increase their state pension by up to £2,340. Those who provided care over the telephone or on video during the COVID-19 pandemic can still apply for credits for the financial years 2019/20 and 2020/21. DON'T MISSSantander launches savings account with 2.5% interest rate - ‘Even more value!’ [SAVINGS]Is it cheaper to use gas or electricity? Fact-checked [INSIGHT]POLL: Are you willing to pay more for energy bills to cut off ALL Russian gas? [POLL] Specified Adult Childcare credits work by transferring the NI credit which is attached to Child Benefit from the Child Benefit recipient to the family member who provided care for their child. The child’s parent or main carer must therefore have claimed Child Benefit for the child for Specified Adult Care credits to be available. There is not one credit available for each child cared for, there is one credit for each Child Benefit recipient. Therefore if two grandparents cared for their son’s two children, there would only be one credit available, to be assigned to one of the grandparents. However, if the grandparents cared for their son’s child and their daughter’s child, they may be able to get two credits. Britons can apply for Specified Adult Childcare credits if: To apply for Specified Adult Childcare credits, people must complete an application form which requires: Both the applicant and the parent must sign the application.