According to weather experts, high pressure will be building to the west of Ireland, settling our weather down but also keeping a cold north breeze. He said: “Tonight will be cold, with widespread frost across the UK. We could well see a number of spots between minus 4C and minus 6C.  “Typically, everything started flowering and all the gardeners do need to keep an eye for the frost tonight because that will cause issues for some, I’m sure.” A yellow weather warning put in place by national forecasters for Saturday was lifted, with conditions milder than on Friday. According to the Met Office, snow is forecast to fall on Wednesday across parts of Scotland which could descend into northern England on Thursday. Met Office meteorologist Simon Partridge said lows of -6C were likely in northern regions on Saturday night, before a slightly milder turn on Sunday.  He said: “Tonight will be cold, with widespread frost across the UK. We could well see a number of spots between minus 4C and minus 6C. “Typically, everything started flowering and all the gardeners do need to keep an eye for the frost tonight because that will cause issues for some, I’m sure.” A yellow weather warning put in place by national forecasters for Saturday was lifted, with conditions milder than on Friday. According to the Met Office, snow is forecast to fall on Wednesday across parts of Scotland which could descend into northern England on Thursday.  The outlook for Tuesday to Thursday this week reads: “Rain across many northern areas Tuesday, brighter in the south. “Snow across parts of Scotland on Wednesday with showers elsewhere. Cold on Thursday with snow showers in the north.” It follows a chilly start to April across much of the UK on Friday with temperatures dipping as low as -8C (17.6F), which was recorded in Tulloch Bridge, Scotland. The lowest ever April temperature recorded for Heathrow Airport, one of the capital's main weather stations, is -3.1C (26.4F) in records going back 73 years to 1949. READ MORE: Met Office weather warnings: Three alerts issued for snow and hail  The all-time low recorded was -12.8C (9F) set in January 1962. Jon Farrow, a meteorologist with Netweather.TV said: “Things only begin to change on Sunday night into Monday when milder Atlantic air manages to tumble over the top of the high. “At this time of year, there is warmth in the sunshine for sheltered spots, but this air is cold. “So, in the breeze, the shade, and certainly after dark, it will feel decidedly chilly. DON'T MISS:Ex-German diplomat blasted over ‘anti-British’ remarksJoe Biden mistakenly refers to Michelle Obama as VP in latest gaffeBoris to ‘step up’ pressure on Putin’s war machine