Emmerdale have confirmed Cain (played by Jeff Hordley), Noah (Jack Downham) and Gabby (Rosie Bentham) will be at the centre of three troubling storylines. In a week of special episodes, viewers will be left on the edge of their seat as the beloved characters face a chilling death. Featuring flash forwards, viewers will learn at least one villager will be left for dead - but who will it be and how do they die? Airing on ITV from Monday 9 May, viewers will start the week by viewing a misty graveyard with an open grave. The slamming of an iron police cell door and the sound of a gunshot rings out in the woods. Viewers will then see a crumpled car steaming in the gloom having just had a terrible accident. Who is in the wreck and what does it all mean for Cain, Noah and Gabby? READ MORE: Louis Theroux ex-wife: Star’s ‘marriage of convenience’ in New York The first storyline will follow Cain and his arch enemy Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). The pair have been at war with one another for months now and their feud shows no signs of abating. Could the special week of episodes finally be the culmination of their mutual loathing? A first look image from Emmerdale shows Cain looking in the rear view mirror of a car suggesting he could certainly be in the crash. Elsewhere, Noah’s obsession with Chloe (Jessie Elland) will escalate as he is determined to control her. The youngster is tracking her phone and spying on the teen with a high-tech drone. In coming episodes, Noah’s behaviour looks set to be exposed but how will Chloe react? Spoiler images show Noah staring longingly at pictures of Chloe - could she be forced to kill him to escape a dangerous situation? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Mark Charnock's emotional farewell as co-star leaves soap [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Chloe Harris' killer secret exposed in horror twist [SPOILER]Emmerdale theory: Double exit as Al Chapman and Cain Dingle both die [THEORY] And finally, up at Home Farm, Gabby is all alone and worried Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln) is back from the “dead” and wants revenge. Fearing he could return and take their son Thomas, Gabby will be left fearing for her life. Things start to get worse when Gabby realises someone has been snooping around Home Farm in a hooded jacket, trying to keep their identity hidden. Will Jamie return to kill Thomas’ mother and take full custody of the child? Express.co.uk will be on hand with all of the latest spoilers from the special week of episodes. Producer Laura Shaw told Express: “When we get into the big week, on Monday we will start with a flashforward and you'll be absolutely screaming at your TV to find out what on Earth is going on. "I think I actually squealed with excitement when I saw it for the first time. And then we will reveal a little bit more each day, Monday to Thursday with the flashforward, with everything obviously being fully revealed by the end of the week.” Emmerdale airs weeknights on ITV from 7.30pm