Laura Hamilton was surprised earlier this week by her closest friends and co-stars with an emotional video as they celebrated her 40th birthday. The A Place In The Sun presenter took to Instagram on Monday to share the heartfelt messages with her 156,000 followers. In the 5-minute long clip, Laura’s Birds with Baggage co-star, La Voix, hinted at Laura recently going through tough times. La Voix said in the video: “I just want to wish you the most amazing year, the most amazing rest of your life. Big, big kisses. “And I know it’s not been an easy time for you, but you know, I’m always there for a spot of lunch at the Ivy. “Nowhere else. Don’t ring me if you want to go to Nando’s. “Alright darling have a fabulous birthday. I love you lots. Bye!” The remarks come after Laura announced at the beginning of the year that she had split from her husband Alex Goward after 13 years together. The TV presenter set the record straight on her separation in an Instagram post. She shared a quote which read: "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." Laura married Alex Goward in 2012 and the pair share two children together, Rocco and Tahlia. She wrote in her caption: "This isn’t something I ever thought I’d be saying but, after 13 years of being together Alex and I have separated. "Our children are and always will be our number one priority and we would respect privacy for our family at this time." Laura also suffered a “mishap” today as the house she has been rebuilding caught on fire. DON'T MISS...Carol Kirkwood slams 'desperate' BBC critic urging her not to smile [LATEST]Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore [DEBATE] Gogglebox’s Malone family pulled aside at airport security after gaffe [LATEST] She shared footage of a fire brigade working to put out the flames in her new home, which she moved to following her marriage split. Laura captioned the clip: “Errr… Just a little mishap with the rebuild this morning… “With the fire brigade coming to the rescue…” Laura moved out of her old family home in Purley earlier this year. She has been keeping fans updated on the process of renovating her new property on her YouTube channel. The video showed a fireman spraying water at a pile of burnt wood as smoke billowed out of it. Laura moved out of her old family home in Purley earlier this year. She has been keeping fans updated on the process of renovating her new property on her YouTube channel.