The reasons for working past state pension age can vary from person to person. For some, working past 66 is a financial necessity, while for others, stopping work is not something they are prepared to do. It is estimated some 1.5million people are now working over the age of 66, with more predicted to join them in future. With this in mind, Express.co.uk spoke to Colin Dyer, Client Director at abrdn, who addressed key concerns for working retirees. Mr Dyer acknowledged there are numerous options for those who want to continue work, and said: “Regardless of what is keeping you in work, there are plenty of options to consider or discuss with your employer if you wish to continue working in retirement to meet your professional and personal goals. “Self-employment is another route that many gravitate toward since it offers the chance to pursue or continue personal passion projects and interests.” READ MORE: ‘Had no idea!’ WASPI woman, 70, frustrated at state pension age change Some may also choose to work part-time, gradually reducing their hours until they eventually retire in a “flexi-retirement” trend. However, individuals may also need to rethink their pension plans - both state pension and private pension if they are continuing to work. Mr Dyer continued: “You can still take from your state, workplace or private pension even if you carry on working, but these will be counted as income and are taxable in the same way as your earnings. “State pensions are legally available to access once you’ve reached the age of 66, but it’s not obligatory to start receiving payments at that time. DON'T MISSDrawdown vs. annuity - how to determine what's best for your pension [EXCLUSIVE]Pension savers may be at risk of 55 percent tax charge [INSIGHT]State pensioners could boost sum using National Insurance option [ANALYSIS] “If you’d like to keep working, deferring this pension can mean you earn more money for every year that you delay the payment.” However, private pensions can be accessed by Britons as early as aged 55, which some may choose to do. They should be aware, however, that taking from a private pension could mean the amount they can contribute to it falls dramatically. Mr Dyer added: “Contributions could go from £40,000 a year to just £4,000. “The other restriction is that, if you’re still saving for retirement, you can’t pay into the same scheme you are receiving your pension from. “You’ll want to be mindful of your pension contribution limits and how they may change as you continue to earn an income. “If you don’t need to access your pension yet, holding off until a later date will only mean you have a bigger pension pot when you come to fully retiring.” Many retirees, working or not, will want to take their tax bill down, and to do so, Mr Dyer states continuing to pay into a pension might be worthwhile. He explained: “As long as you’re not taking from your pension, you can pay in up to £40,000 each tax year – which is known as your annual allowance - and you may also be eligible to carry forward any unused allowances from up to three previous years. “If you are taking from your pension, only take the amount you need in each tax year – as the less you take, the less tax you pay. And bear in mind, if you’re still working, your salary plus pension withdrawal may push you into a higher tax band.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Retirement is also a time of change, and there are some alterations individuals should be aware of as they enter a new phase of their lives. One important change is the end of National Insurance payments, Mr Dyer highlighted. The expert stressed those above state pension age should notify their employer of this, and ensure NI contributions are no longer being taken from pay. Income tax obligations will also change post-state pension age, and Mr Dyer added: “If you continue working with the same employer or start a new job after retiring, make sure your employer informs HMRC so they can make sure that you’re paying the right tax.” Ultimately, working in retirement and retirement itself can be a complicated and sometimes stressful time. As a result, Mr Dyer concluded by encouraging Britons to seek advice where possible, such as through a financial adviser, or the Government-backed service PensionWise.