Former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn faced a fiery attack for his continued support in disbanding NATO by a guest speaker on the channel on Sunday morning. Mr Corbyn has long been against the international security alliance, and this week made comments about how the world could be in “greater danger” and questioned whether military alliances are capable of bringing peace. Hosts of the GB News Sunday morning show Political Correction poured over his comments from earlier this week, in which Mr Corbyn questioned if military alliances actually bring peace. The former Labour leader and MP has recently been vocal about NATO's ability to deliver peace, given the current war in Ukraine where Putin's actions have been compared to those of Hitler in the 1930s. Dehenna Davison, Conservative MP for Bishop Auckland, Arlene Foster and Paul Embery gave their take on Mr Corbyn’s latest comments. Ms Davison said: “I’m certainly not surprised. He’s kind of been on this track for his entire career.” Co-host Paul Embry agreed, saying: “This is a tradition on the left of the Labour Party, it’s long been argued that NATO is not a force for good, so I wasn’t particularly surprised by what he said.” But guest Chris Parry, a retired Royal Navy officer and first chair of the UK Government’s Marine Management organisation, launched into a scathing attack on the veteran MP. Mr Parry said: “I’ve spent my whole life listening to Jeremy Corbyn. He is a serial offender on this sort of thing. "He’s a great one for banging the peace drum but he doesn’t really come up with any solutions for dealing with dictators and totalitarian regimes." Mr Parry even went as far as to liken Mr Corbyn's views to that of pre World War 2 Europe, saying: “I think we’re familiar with people like Jeremy from the 1930s." Adding he "would have let Hitler take over the whole of Europe", he said: “I’ve ceased listening to Jeremy Corbyn. I think a lot of people have.” Responding directly to Mr Parry’s comment, Ms Foster said: “I take the view that what has happened over the last couple of months has actually strengthened NATO.” She said the moves made by countries like Finland, which has begun the process to join the security alliance following the outbreak of war in Ukraine, has bolstered the western power’s legitimacy. DON'T MISSBritish public hate hypocrisy - tough luck Rishi! says ARLENE FOSTER [OPINION]Raworth claims SNP plans to scrap Trident puts Scotland 'at risk' [REPORT]Labour latest polls: Gloating Keir celebrates Tory crisis [INSIGHT] Today's comments come after Mr Cobyn spoke to Times Radio on Wednesday, saying: “I would want to see a world where we start to ultimately disband all military alliances. “The issue has to be what’s the best way of bringing about peace in the future? Is it by more alliances? Is it by more military build-up? “Or is it by stopping the war in Ukraine and the other wars… that are going on at the present time, which are also killing a very large number of people? “And ask yourself the question, do military alliances bring peace? Or do they actually encourage each other and build up to a greater danger? “I don’t blame NATO for the fact that Russia has invaded Ukraine, what I say is look at the thing historically, and look at the process that could happen at the end of the Ukraine war.”