Cristiano Ronaldo has become almost "invisible" of late for Manchester United, according to Liverpool legend Steve Nicol. ESPN FC pundits Nicol and former West Ham goalkeeper Shaka Hislop sympathise with the recent performances of the 37-year-old. Ronaldo is United's leading goalscorer this season with 18 goals to his name. However, he has been unable to have the desired impact on the team in terms of winning silverware and cementing a spot in the Premier League top four. Following Saturday's 1-0 defeat at Everton, Nicol admitted it was sad to see Ronaldo be as ineffective as he was at Goodison Park and said he felt sorry for the superstar. The Scot said: "It's really sad that he is basically becoming invisible. "Even some of the shots he gets off now, you can see physically how difficult it is for him now. A guy whose body could do almost anything and get into any position to put a shot, not just on target, but in the back of the net, you can see him struggling now, just with the extra pace of the ball. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag told to get rid of Man Utd 'troublemakers' who 'don't like each other'  "He's not going to be able to hide anywhere when you play for Manchester United, especially when the team is horrible. So yeah I can honestly say I'm not enjoying watching him and I kind of feel a little bad for him as well." Ronaldo was involved in an incident following the final whistle, appearing to slap a supporter's mobile phone out of their hand. However, Hislop claims that was the only anger Ronaldo showed on the day. Hislop says Ronaldo's performance was less than mediocre and admits it was hard to watch. He said: "We've always said that this Manchester United need leaders, and we thought Ronaldo was going to be that. "And even when they were struggling you would still see him remonstrating, arguing with people alongside him. That's part and parcel of the game. DON'T MISSMikel Arteta and Edu only have themselves to blame if Tottenham beat Arsenal to top four [OPINION]American billionaire Ken Griffin makes Chelsea transfer promise if takeover gets go-ahead [QUOTES]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel given Real Madrid headache by two stars after Southampton win [OPINION]  "But I don't recall him getting angry during the game today. [The phone incident] was after, that's after. "Here you have a player who is in the discussions to have been the best who has ever played, seen it all, won it all, and then this Manchester United has just taken all the wind out of his sails to the point where you can't even call his performance against Everton mediocre. "It looks like even he has thrown in the towel and that's sad to see. Whether you're a United fan or not, that's hard to watch." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 