Conservative pundit Calvin Robinson has argued that Mr Johnson has "very little to worry about" amid calls for the Prime Minister to step down after being issued a fine for breaching lockdown rules. The GB News presenter argued people have moved on from "partygate" and the Prime Minister has in fact "ticket a lot of boxes' for Conservative Party voters. Mr Robinson told Sky News Australia: "Right now the UK is an attractive offer: we've got expensive hotels, big houses, free phones and benefits all of anyone who crossed the border freely, free health care, free schooling and it's ridiculous because all these expenses are the cost of the taxpayer. "The cost of living is rising and rising we cannot maintain open borders for good so it's unsustainable. "So thankfully, the Prime Minister said let's ship these people off to Rwanda to process them out there and then decide who gets to remain and who has to go home." Asked if the newly announced UK asylum scheme would distract from "partygate," the GB News presenter insisted: "Partygate is a non-issue honestly." "You know, the PM got fined he's embarrassed himself fair enough," said Mr Robinson. "We've all moved on from that. "I think what we're watching is he got Brexit done, he's fixing the immigration, he's finally waking up to the woke crowd and say, look, a woman is an adult human female as simple facts that we already know. "So he's taking a lot of boxes for his voters right now. I think he has very little to worry about." Concerns over immigration were a big factor in the 2016 Brexit vote, and Mr Johnson has been under pressure to deliver on his promise to "take back control" of Britain's borders. Under his plan new plan, anyone who has arrived in Britain illegally since January 1 could now be relocated to Rwanda. The British Government argued the partnership with Rwanda will disrupt the business model of people-smuggling gangs. "We must ensure the only route to asylum in the UK is a safe and legal one," Mr Johnson said in a speech in Kent, southeast England, where thousands of migrants in small boats landed on Channel beaches last year. DON'T MISS Rishi has rug pulled from under him as Tories abandon chancellor [POLL]'It's an actual fact' Tory MP in car crash interview over fines [COMMENT]Partygate: 'I will set the record straight', pledges Boris [INFO] "Those who try to jump the queue or abuse our systems will find no automatic path to set them up in our country, but rather be swiftly and humanely removed to a safe third country or their country of origin." It comes after the Prime Minister and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were fined over a birthday party thrown in Mr Johnson's honour when indoor socialising was banned. Both Mr Johnson and the Chancellor were issued with fixed penalty notices (FPNs) over the Cabinet Room birthday party, along with the Prime Minister's wife Carrie. 