 There had been calls for the Government to cut VAT levels for public electric car charging to five percent, down from 20 percent. This would have matched the level that drivers have to charge their EVs at home through the home tariff VAT rate.  Many motoring experts said this was a disappointing move, especially given the cut to fuel duty in the Spring Statement and the rising cost of living. Adrian Keen, CEO of InstaVolt, commented on the Government ruling out VAT cuts on public charging and what it will mean for drivers. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “It’s disheartening to hear the Government has ruled out the possibility of VAT cuts on public EV chargers. “As the cost of living continues to rise, drivers will be looking for support wherever possible. READ MORE: Ryanair customer warning others of 'illegal' car park at UK airport  “At a time where we’re attempting to encourage widespread EV uptake, this statement could be the difference between someone switching to an electric vehicle and staying put with a petrol or diesel vehicle. “Looking closer at the possible implications, the decision to dismiss VAT cuts for public chargers will likely widen the gap between the haves and have-nots in the EV space.” Electricity supplied at EV charging stations in public places is subject to the standard rate of VAT which is 20 percent. Many have argued that applying the reduced rate of VAT to electricity supplied at public EV chargers would benefit drivers up and down the country. DON'T MISSDrivers to be fined for parking in EV bays this month [WARNING]‘Anti-driver’ politicians need to help drivers avoid fuel shortages [SHOCKING]Drivers call for EV owners to pay tax [COMMENT]  It is estimated that about 40 percent of households do not have access to off-street parking or are in rental accommodation so are not able to charge their electric vehicle at home. Mr Keen continued, saying: “Drivers with access to a charge point at home will pay less VAT than those who rely on public charge points; an unfair reality which will likely deter drivers without access to a private driveway, from making the switch to an EV. “Public charging networks are relentlessly working to ensure they’re installing as many chargers as possible to create robust and reliable infrastructure and ensure the country is equipped to meet the Government’s 2030 target. “InstaVolt has pledged to install over 10,000 rapid EV public chargers over the next 10 years.  “However, the issue of VAT disparity will undoubtedly delay the speed at which the UK can transition to fully electrified transport, and this ultimately impacts our 2050 ambitions.” At the end of March, Helen Whately, Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury, said that the Government has “no plans” to review the current rate of VAT applied to charging EVs. According to FairCharge, at the current rate of adoption, it would cost the Government just £14million to lower the VAT rate of public charging. They called this a “tiny raindrop echoing in an ocean”.  This would go a long way for the Government in its bid to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles by 2030. VAT makes a significant contribution towards the public finances, raising around £130billion in 2019 and 2020, and helps fund the Government's priorities including the NHS, schools, and defence. The Government also announced a further £1.6billion boost to the rollout of public EV charging stations. Research has shown that the UK will need between 253,000 and 661,000 extra EV charge points by 2035 to meet the phase out of ICE vehicles.