Michael Kouame has spoken out for the first time since slapping Raphael Nii Ankrah during their handshake at the net upon losing their match at the J5 Accra. It prompted a brawl to break out between both players' camps as the tournament director called for Kouame to be banned from next week's event. The top seed has now apologised. Kouame was the top seed at the ITF junior tournament as the ITF Junior world No 606 and lost a tight three-set match to home hope Ankrah 6-2 6-7(5) 7-6(5). At the end of the match both players approached the net for the handshake but the Frenchman slapped the junior No 1,708 around the face. Ankrah could be seen backing off as Kouame raised his hands in what appeared to be an apology. It sparked a brawl between both players' teams by their respective benches on the court as footage showed the top seed running away with his racket in hand. Kouame has now issued an apology after his "barbaric" slap circulated online and received criticism from the tournament director. "Hi everyone, I sincerely regret my actions on Tuesday at the ITF Tournament in Ghana against Raphael Ni Ankrah," the 15-year-old wrote in a social media statement in both French and English. "I regretfully struck him after an extremely frustrating and intense match. During the course of the match, I was repeatedly verbally abused by a large number of individuals in the crowd, including insults to my mother in particular. However, that does not excuse my behaviour." Kouame went on to apologise to his opponent specifically and was happy to take on any sanctions he received as a result of his behaviour. JUST IN: Djokovic on Madrid Open entry list as Serb ramps up French Open prep  "I would like to publicly apologize to Raphael," he continued. I was wrong and completely out of line. I accept any consequences as a result of my behavior from the IF governing body, and will use this time to reflect on how I can better manage challenging situations like these in the future in a manner that accurately reflects my character." The top seed in the singles event was disqualified from the doubles and tournament director Roger Crawford has also requested the ITF ban him from next week's tournament also being held in Ghana. The boss of the J5 Accra event wrote on Facebook: "This afternoon I witnessed the most barbaric incident on a tennis court. I don’t think I have the words to explain what happened. The video says it all. The perpetrator is a player from France and he assaulted a player from Ghana. My immediate response was to disqualify the perpetrator from the doubles event. I went further to recommend to the ITF to disqualify him entirely from next week’s event as well." DON'T MISSAlcaraz named among Djokovic and Nadal as French Open favouritesRaducanu needs 'a year or two' before fulfilling world No 1 potentialKyrgios rants at umpire over 'fines every time' during first clay win  Kouame's attack on Ankrah came after the ATP was forced to send a circular out to players on the main ATP Tour and warn them over “an unusual frequency of high-profile incidents involving unsportsmanlike conduct” in the first three months of the season. It followed well-documented outbursts from Alexander Zverev in Acapulco and Nick Kyrgios in Indian Wells and Miami. Kyrgios was then involved in a disagreement with the chair umpire in his Houston match on Tuesday over a foot fault call and didn't retaliate, instead saying he was "getting fined every time" a call was made against him, leaving him feeling like he doesn't "want to play".