Penny Lancaster's husband Rod Stewart recalled feeling "frightened" after perceiving that the woman he married had transformed into someone completely different as she experienced symptoms of menopause. However, Loose Women panelist Penny has since told how the rocker's "empathy" and excellent communication skills helped her to get through the hormonal changes. The 51-year-old confessed that she had suffered "major meltdowns". Penny recalled: "I couldn't justify my feelings and emotions, couldn't pull myself out of it and would collapse into a ball of tears of frustration and scream." She admitted that her behaviour was totally out of character, and rockstar Rod initially felt terrified. However, he soon grew to understand the reasons for the changes. READ NOW: Helen Skelton announces heartbreaking split from husband Richie Myler "He had empathy towards me and how I was suffering," Penny revealed. "We've always been good at communicating with one another and explaining how we feel, so he got to understand. "Then he wanted to encourage men to sit up and take note," she told The Telegraph. "He's going: 'This isn't just a women's problem. We need to recognise it.' It affects husbands, partners, children..." 'It was frightening, it wasn't the person I married," he continued candidly. However, he added: "She explained it through the tears and we talked it through." Penny has also been open about her ordeal with waiting to receive mood-saving hormone replacement medication. Owing to a current HRT shortage in the UK, she has been told she will need to wait until June to get another top-up - and in the meantime, she fears she will unleash her frustrations on her family. The former model first experienced the symptoms of menopause during the coronavirus pandemic - and the heightened fear at that time exacerbated the problem. She admitted that the whole family had been "terrified" of dying when the news broke about the deadly virus spreading around the world. However, Rod, who she shares two sons, 11-year-old Aiden and 16-year-old Alastair, with is helping her through her awkward emotions. Meanwhile the pair are currently enjoying a sun-soaked holiday in the South of France.