The incident is alleged to have occurred at HMP Wayland near Griston in Norfolk. Officers are now worried their safety may be at risk. The discovery came with a note warning the guards to move a high-profile gang member to another jail. Reports suggest the gang want to move a prisoner out of HMP Wayland into a softer prison. A source revealed that the trackers were fully operational and would have been able to display the movement of the vehicles. The source said: “'It sounds like a plot from TV's Line of Duty but it was deadly serious. “The trackers were fully working and would have provided the GPS coordinates of the officers' homes. “The officers and their families could have been at real risk."  The prisoner had pleaded to various crimes, hence landing him in jail. His crimes included seven counts of conspiracy to commit robbery and possession of an imitation firearm. The prisoner is believed to have been the ring-leader of a gang accused of committing a series of armed robberies around London. The prisoner was sentenced to 15 years eight months, reduced to 13 years following an appeal.  READ MORE:‘Britain’s dumbest burglar’ leaves fingerprints on multiple break-ins HMP Wayland is a Category C type prison and is said to be the second softest after Category D. The Government state: “Most prisoners are located in a category C, which 'provide prisoners with the opportunity to develop their own skills so they can find work and resettle back into the community on release.” The softer Category D allegedly sought by the note have minimal security and allows eligible prisoners to spend most of their day away from the jail “on licence to carry out work, education or for other resettlement purposes.”  DON'T MISS:Ex-Taliban torturer wins human rights battle to stay in UK [REPORT]Self sufficient Britain! Seven new nuclear plants by 2050 [REVEAL]New police officers 'feel sick' on blue lights Trackers can be bought on many online shopping websites. Leading shopping website Amazon sells the gadget for as little as £30. The devices can provide real-time tracking and locations of vehicles. Around the size of a large matchbox, the devices can be easily hidden under cars, in wheel arch rims, or within engine blocks of vehicles. The trackers use a rechargeable battery and come fitted with an active SIM card used to send and receive GPS data. An application downloaded on a phone can show would-be users a real-time map with the GPS device visible. 