Ann Davies was the wife of the late star Richard Briers who starred in The Good Life. She is also the mother of to ITV Endeavour’s Lucy Briers and also daughter Katie. The actress' agent Barry Langford confirmed the news on social media. Her agent Barry Langford said: “Sadly my lovely client of 34 years Ann Davies passed away yesterday. “A superb actress with TV credits including #DoctorWho and #TheSculptress, Ann was devoted to her beloved late husband #RichardBriers and their daughters Lucy and Kate. “She will be very much missed. #RIP Annie”. Tributes have been paid to the actress, who also starred in Grange Hill. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly bids farewell as BBC presenter steps down  Fans have flocked to social media and offered their condolences to the beloved actress. Twitter user, Roy Slater commented: "SAD, SAD NEWS,.. The adorable ANN DAVIES,.. wife of the late great and much missed RICHARD BRIERS passed away yesterday. R.I.P. lovely lady." Derren Lodge offered: "Condolences to her family...Such sad news. She was great as Jenny in The Dalek Invasion of Earth." Guy Lambert penned: "Superstar in a legendary Dr Who adventure, and she’ll never be forgotten by the fans! Those episodes get rewatched a lot in my house. Much love to you all, Barry."  Tim Ironmonger added: "So very sorry to hear this news... Condolences to you and to Ann's family at this time." Ann appeared as character Jenny in Doctor Who in a string of episodes alongside William Hartnell as the Time Lord. She played Mrs Singleton in Grange Hill in the 1990s and appeared in an episode of Doctors. Ann acted alongside her husband in films Peter’s Friends in 1992 and In the Bleak Midwinter in 1995. DON'T MISS... Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband[LATEST]Ulrika Jonsson's 'accidental' hook up with toyboy same age as son[ADMISSION]Amanda Holden, 51, gives an eyeful in tiny dress she flashes legs[PICTURES] They also appeared together in the radio adaptation of TV series Brothers in Law. The on-screen star lived in West London with her beloved husband Richard, who sadly died in 2013 aged 79. The actor had been diagnosed with emphysema six years prior to his death. The couple's daughter Lucy followed in her parents' footsteps into the world of acting. She starred as Mrs Blish in ITV detective series Endeavour and had roles in The Bill, Doctors and Silent Witness. Lucy also played Mary Bennet in the 1995 adaptation of Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice. The cause of Ann's death has not yet been reported. She is survived by her two daughters.  