Piers Morgan, 57, has taken to Twitter recently to promote his new TV show, sharing clips of celebrity friends wishing him luck. Today was no different as he shared a video of BBC's Emily Maitlis, 51, wishing the former Good Morning Britain presenter luck as well as adding in a few funny jibes. Piers' official Twitter page for his new show Piers Morgan Uncensored shared the video, with the presenter reacting as he retweeted it. The video was shared in view of Piers' 7.9 million Twitter followers. Emily can be seen sitting in her living room, as she begins: "Good luck, love Maitlis. "Hello Piers, I was going to leave a long and fulsome reminiscence of your incredible career at CNN and The Mirror and GMB. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams claims Prince Harry is ‘protecting' the Queen "Then I realised you'd been fired from every one. "So, actually the kindest thing I can do is keep this short and hope that by the time it reaches you, you're still employed." Many social media users rushed to the post's comments to share their laughter over Emily's funny jibe. TeresaJewett said: "I like you Piers but that was funny. "I still do wish you the best. Nobody does talk show news like you." Erosmacvyas added: "Hilarious! Love it that Piers can take such humour with pride!" LucyLogical said: "I fiercely disagree with #PiersMorgan on some things and I fiercely agree on many other things. "I do like how he can laugh at himself as he frequently does." (sic) DON'T MISS... Gemma Atkinson says her 'camel toe bagged Gorka' in cheeky video [VIDEO] Demi Rose flaunts her jaw-dropping curves in diamanté bodysuit [PICTURES] Katherine Ryan weighs in on today's cancel culture in comedy [COMMENT] Piers recently shared a clip of an upcoming interview with former US President Donald Trump. In the interview, clip shared, Trump shares what he would say to Russian President Vladimir Putin. He also slammed the current US president Joe Biden for not threatening the controversial leader with a nuclear strike. Piers asked Trump: "So what would you do right now in Ukraine if you were the President?" Trump replied: "Putin uses the ‘N word’. I call it the ‘N word’. He uses the ‘N word’, the nuclear word all the time. That's a no-no, you're not supposed to do that. He uses it on a daily basis. "And everybody's so afraid, so afraid, so afraid. And as they're afraid he uses it more and more. "That's why he's doing the kind of things he's doing right now." Piers Morgan Uncensored will air on TalkTV, 8pm Monday to Friday (Sky 526, Virgin Media 627, Freeview 237, and Freesat 217)