Kaleb became an overnight star after starring in Jeremy Clarkson's series Clarkson's Farm on Amazon, which began in June 2021. He is the farm manager who was tasked with training Jeremy but he quickly gained a large social media following as viewers fell in love with him. As he appeared on Big Fat Quiz of Everything 2022, Rob joked he could go on Love Island but Kaleb insisted his other half " wouldn't appreciate it". During one of the question rounds, host Jimmy Carr brought Kaleb out to ask the teams a bonus question. As Jimmy gushed over the star, Kaleb admitted his appearance on the show was his second time travelling to London. He then went on to ask Kaleb: "We have got lots of animals on the farm, so it's important to get their names right. "Can the teams tell me the names for sheep, geese and ducks?" READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... Before the teams began to give their answers, Jimmy touched on the large social media following Kaleb has amassed due to his time on the show. Jimmy exclaimed: "You have a million followers on Instagram, what do you mainly post about?" Rob could be heard saying: "What!" which Kaleb overheard and hit back: "Urm, just, what do you mean what?" "I'm just saying that is a lot, isn't it, you usually have to go onto Love Island for that!" Rob teased. Kaleb joked: "I am not going on Love Island, I don't think the other half would appreciate me going on Love Island, I don't think I have the body for it either, to be honest!" Taking a swipe at former Love Island stars, Rob added: "No but imagine like the farming Boohoo deal you could get!" Despite the offer, Kaleb admitted: "And to be honest, the sun is my worst enemy!" "Yeah, it's Jimmy's as well," Rob quipped. "Have you been offered advertising deals on Instagram like teeth whitening, diet pills and stuff like that?" DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson's co-star Kaleb Cooper shares worries over farm damage [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson feared second bout of Covid after health scare struck [LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson shares snap of Kaleb Cooper driving with doors open [WATCH] Quick off the mark, Kaleb fired back: "That's your thing, isn't it?" Impressed by his hasty humour, Rob responded: "Well yeah, that's what I'm saying!" Kaleb's Instagram feed is often filled with pictures of his adventures with Jeremy on the farm or of his one-year-old son Oscar. He recently opened up about how he met Jeremy and came to be involved with the show, saying the presenter fell in love with the farm he worked on. Speaking to David Prever's Breakfast Club radio show, he said: "Jeremy bought the farm in 2008, and I worked for the chap who contract farmed it. "I worked there for three years before the chap I worked for said, 'I'm retiring,' and I said, 'Don't worry, I'll set my own business up in the meantime, and I'll be fine.' "By that point, Jeremy came up and said, 'I still need someone to farm the farm, would you be interested? You know every name of the field, every acreage of the field, you're the perfect person to keep farming it.' "And I said, 'Absolutely, I'd love to farm your farm,' but instead of having the top man there, I was the top man." Clarkson's Farm series one is available to watch on Amazon Prime.