Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made a UK pitstop at Windsor Castle last week, ahead of travelling to The Hauge, the Netherlands to mark the beginning of the Invictus Games. The couple met with the Queen and it was also reported that the Prince of Wales was present during their visit. The Duke's relationship with his father has been strained for some time, particularly since his and Meghan's royal exit, and it is now speculated that the meeting between father and son only happened "at the Queen's urging". The hosts of Royally Obsessed, Rachel Bowie and Roberta Fiorito, discussed the pair and the Queen's interference. Speaking on the latest episode of the podcast, Ms Fiorito said: "Supposedly, the sources say that they [Harry and Meghan] had 15 minutes with Charles. "A little bit on from that, in the middle of their conversation with Charles, is when Camilla came in. "They met with Charles at the Queen's urging so it sounds like they only wanted to see the Queen but then the Queen said you have to meet with Charles first. "But the mood was much calmer with the Queen, is what sources say". READ MORE: Prince Harry takes ‘direct shot’ at Palace to protect Meghan from Firm's ‘lacerations' She added: "They had tea and made her laugh, which is what Harry said in that Hoda [Kotb] interview". Co-presenter Ms Bowie added: "Oh but there was no Cambridges because they were skiing in France right, so that was not part of the equation. Ms Fiorito continued: "Right, they were skiing in France but that is interesting, the timing. "The timing of them not being there because what we've learnt so far, especially from Tina Brown last week, is that their relationship is not really in a good place. "But supposedly, I also read that [Princess] Eugenie orchestrated that meeting with Harry and Meghan and the Queen. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry NOT welcome back in UK: ‘NO, NO, NO!’ – POLL "So kudos to Eugenie. "Charles, this from Tom Quinn who we also talked to recently, that Charles would be open to them being part-time royals even though he is trying to slim down the monarchy so who knows". Prince Harry and Meghan came to the UK without their children, meaning that the Queen is still yet to meet Lilibet. It was previously reported that the Queen "would desperately like to see" her namesake great-granddaughter, who will turn one in June. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry's life 'totally distorted' as he embraces celebrity [REVEAL]Harry's new interview's potential to drive him 'further' from Queen [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'wrecked his life' with US move–‘heir and spare dynamic' [REPORT] Lilibet is Queen Eliabeth II's childhood nickname. A source close to the couple told the Mirror that they will return to the UK "in the near future" with their children. The European trip was Prince Harry and Meghan's first overseas trip together, since their royal exit. Prince Harry is still currently in the Netherlands, whilst Meghan has already travelled back to the US.