Sharing two snaps with his 3.2million Instagram followers, Luke posed in his hospital gown, not naming his condition but assuring fans it was “nothing serious”. “Rocking some Hospital fashion pieces today,” he wrote. The Beauty and the Beast star recently returned from a glorious holiday in the French Alps with friends including This Morning host Phillip Schofield, and interior designer Kelly Hoppen. Savannah Miller commented: “Good luck angel. Hope it goes really well xx”. Kelly added: “Great look [laughing emoji] good luck #easy”. Fan page Lukieevansitaly penned: “Lukie, are you ok? I am beginning to be worried.” Phillip Schofield The Gaston actor gave a double thumbs up as he stood next to his hospital bed, looking handsome as ever despite his unglamorous attire. “Rocking some Hospital fashion pieces today. Don’t worry, nothing serious. I mainly came for the gowns,” he wrote, alongside a winking face emoji. Welsh actor Luke looked to be having the time of his life earlier this week on the group skiing holiday, with Phillip sharing several photos of the idyllic jaunt on Instagram. Phil captioned one shot: “Ski gang 2022,” as he beamed in a photo with his large friendship group in the scenic setting. He was celebrating his 60th birthday, while Luke also turned 43 this week. To mark the special occasion, Luke’s friends arranged for him to be brought a birthday cake adorned with candles. Sharing a photo of himself with Kelly, he penned: “What a very special few days I’ve had. With some truly brilliant human beings. Thank you for making my 43rd birthday go off with a bang! “Especially @kellbell_red and Big John for being the most epic of hosts, and for @justinhornechef making me a tasty AF birthday cake! It’s been wonderful. “I blew out the candles Delta Force style… apparently!!“ he added. As the trip came to an end, another photo saw five of them sitting in the back of a vehicle. Phil wrote the caption: “We don’t want to go!!! @kellyhoppen @bendelisi @thereallukeevans”. Luke has previously opened up on his wish to have children one day, after splitting from boyfriend Rafael Olarra last year. “I thought about it many times, and as I get older I’m thinking maybe I should get on and do it,” he said. “I don’t want to be an old dad… but I would like to be a dad. “There’s a lot of satisfaction to passing on your experiences and rearing a strong, open-minded, kind, respectful human being who can go out in the world and do something good,” he added to The Times.