While chocolate might not be the obvious choice for boosting your oral health, not all sweet treats are bad. Doctor Khaled Kasem, Chief Orthodontist from Impress, shared the “best” types and flavours of Easter eggs for your teeth. When it comes to treating yourself, you might want to reach for the most sugary, milky treat out there but going dark instead could help your teeth. Doctor Kasem said: “Dark chocolate is known to have many benefits, and preventing tooth decay is one of them. “A firm favourite for snacking, dark chocolate actually helps to fight tooth decay because its grain contains strong antibacterial agents. “Dark chocolate can also help to fight bacteria and prevent bad breath - all while tasting delicious too.” READ MORE: Toilet warning: Sitting on the loo for too long can ‘result in rectal bleeding’ - symptoms  Offering two major benefits, the doctor singled out this chocolate type as the “best”. But what about when it comes to flavour? If you’re a fan of a mint, you’re in luck, as this flavour packs different nutrients. The expert said: “Mint flavoured chocolate is good for your health because it’s full of nutrients. “And [it] is considered one of the best antioxidants, full of vitamin A and C.” The later vitamin, best-known for its immunity-boosting powers, can also aid your oral health. Doctor Kasem explained: “Vitamin C in particular has great benefits by building healthy teeth and gums. “It’s not only tasty, but it also has a pleasant aroma so you’re less likely to have bad breath. “Add some dark chocolate and this is the best type of chocolate for your teeth.” The second Easter egg addition that can cut your risk of tooth decay is nuts. Being a “great choice”, nuts can help keep your teeth healthy by “balancing out acid erosion in saliva”. But the doctor warned to watch out for the pairing of the crunchy food with caramel. “Anything sticky can be particularly difficult to remove from your teeth and keep them clean,” he said. If your go-to choice is milk or white chocolate, the orthodontist shared some bad news. Doctor Kasem said: “Milk and white chocolate are not so great for your teeth; they contain more sugar and unpressed chocolate than dark chocolate which can lead to tooth decay. “In fact, white chocolate is the least nutritious chocolate of them all. It is very high in calcium and sugar causing the most tooth decay overall.” And fruit flavours aren’t desirable either as they are packed with sugar. “Whatever your Easter egg choice is it’s fine to indulge every once in a while. But remember which types of chocolate may leave you in a bit of a sore spot,” the doctor added.