It comes following the news Meghan is attempting to trademark the word for her Spotify podcast. The Duchess of Sussex made the application to use the word to the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Discussing the matter on Jeremy Vine, the presenter joked Archie would soon be old enough to ask his parents to stop "embarrassing" him. "Meghan Markle is going to trademark the word archetype," the 56-year-old commented. He continued: "So it's the name she's given to her new Spotify podcast, and it's claimed an application has been launched in the US for exclusive use of the word." He added: "Meghan and Harry signed a Spotify deal in 2020, thought to be worth £20 million - £20 million! "This is what you see in the dictionary, they're just going to put as 'S' on it and they're basically going to say 'that's our word now' right? READ MORE: Kate Bliss children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? "I'm seeing a pattern because you know their foundation was called Archewell, then they've gone for Archetype. "Let's get in early, let's go like, they're trying to trademark the word 'archway', for example, because they might go for that next." Turning to Kevin Maguire, Jeremy asked: "What do you think?" "They should have gone for 'Architypes' - put an 'I' in," he suggested. Jeremy replied: "I know what you mean, but Archie's going to be of an age soon where he's going to tell his mum and dad to stop embarrassing him!" He later added: "They're grabbing 'Archie' words, is this alright, Emily [Carver] with you?" She replied: "Well, I mean it's quite amusing. Obviously, this is a word that everyone uses. "But as the lawyer explained, you can, in some circumstances put a trademark on a normally-used word." DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage [LATEST]BBC Breakfast viewers fume over 'ice man' segment: 'This is dangerous [REACTION]Corrie's Charlie Lawson hits out at 'woke' soaps for 'box ticking' [VIDEO] Meghan wants to take rights on the centuries-old word where the use is “in the fields of cultural treatment of women and stereotypes facing women”. Harry and Meghan’s company Archewell Audio made the application as opposed to Spotify itself. She might, however, face challenges from companies already using the word. A trailer for the project saw Meghan discussing how it will “dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back". Male voices can be heard making derogatory statements, including: "She's a slut." Meghan's voice then asks: "This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us... but where do these stereotypes come from? "And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?" Jeremy Vine airs weekdays at 9.15am on Channel 5. 