Lewis made it to the final of The Apprentice in 2019 and recently spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about his time on the show and where he is now. When asked about Lord Sugar, he admitted the business tycoon was like "an apparition" because he'd often be around for the board room scenes and "disappear" afterward.  "You know what’s quite weird, we don’t really see him [Alan Sugar] behind the scenes," the 28-year-old explained. "He’s almost like an apparition that shows up, gives you a b******ing, then almost disappears again. "I did think he seemed nice originally when speaking to him in the boardroom - as a lot more is filmed than is ever shown." However, the former candidate went on to admit his feelings had since changed: "But nowadays, I’m not so sure." READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits His comments come after he revealed how Lord Sugar's 2019 Twitter onslaught towards him had impacted him. The 75-year-old took aim over Lewis' tattoos in a public exchange via the social media app. He wrote on his Twitter account: "Lewis your tattoos tell your story. What are you a Kindle. "You have the right to do what you want to your body. I have the right of an opinion. "I say they are horrible. When you're 50 on the beach you'll wear a T-shirt. You will be an embarrassment to your kids." (sic) When asked about the worst part of being a part of the series, Lewis explained: "Tattoogate was my worst moment. "It left me feeling so down, sad and deflated. Like, I looked up to Lord Sugar until he decided to publicly ridicule me." When asked about how the show changed his life, Lewis answered: "Following the show it was the weirdest experience, I had everything, from people chasing me down the street for a photo, to barraging my inbox with endless nudes and requests for dates. DON'T MISS... Loose Women row as Carol McGiffin dismisses Charlene class claims [VIDEO]Dan Walker details how Strictly stint prepared him for Channel 5 move [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Jean Slater in danger after fleeing Walford? [THEORY] "Fast-forward a couple of years and I still find the show helps me in terms of growing my own business. "People remember you were on the show, and it’s almost like a badge of credibility when speaking to someone new for business or making a deal. "I guess people feel you have to be legitimate to have managed to get on the show. "It’s a little bit of a misconception but I’ll take all the help I can get." Lewis told Express.co.uk that he's still very much in touch with his fellow contestants from series 15. "Our group chat is still alive and kicking!" he commented. "We find ourselves talking about the show, this year's candidates, mistakes, and other things that catch our eye. "We also tend to pass each other business where possible, or maybe show each other things that we’re getting up to at the moment. "They say when you go on the show, you're almost inaugurated into a fraternity that will last a lifetime, the select few that went head-to-head with Lord Sugar. And I guess now I look back with rose-tinted glasses, I do seem to feel that a little bit now." The Apprentice is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.