Piers Morgan, 57, famously walked off set on Good Morning Britain last year after becoming embroiled in an argument over Meghan Markle's Oprah interview with Alex Beresford. The upcoming TalkTV presenter has taken to Twitter to respond to a fan who commented on his "uncensored" attitude, leading Piers to take a swipe at ITV and their treatment of him when he decided to leave Good Morning Britain. Piers posted a short clip promoting his new channel with the caption "20 days to launch" in view of his 7.9 million Twitter followers. ClassyAssyCarly commented: "To be fair, when are you ever censored? "You always make your thoughts and opinions known in some shape or form." Piers then replied taking a swipe at ITV for their treatment of him during the Meghan Markle situation. READ MORE: Ricky Gervais blasts Will Smith for slapping 'gentle' Chris Rock He penned: "True, but ITV tried to censor me when they said I had to apologise for disbelieving Princess Pinocchio or lose my GMB job. "I just opted to leave so I could continue saying what I think, which is what I'll be doing every night on my new show." Express.co.uk have contacted ITV for comment. Many social media users took to the post's comments to express their views on Piers' bold statement. Stuart_Wilson19 said: "Being asked to apologise is hardly censorship!" Alielmuchacho added: "You're a bully though. Her name is Meghan?" Bert_druten commented: "You quit because the weatherman made you look stupid." Piers is referencing his decision to quit Good Morning Britain after the remarks he made regarding Prince Harry and Meghan's interview with Oprah. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [OSCARS] Monty Don fumes Channel 4 is being 'flogged off unnecessarily' [TWITTER] Naga Munchetty defended by GB News' Isabel Webster over weight swipe [COMMENT] About the interview, Piers said on TV: "Who did you go to? What did they say to you? "I’m sorry, I don’t believe a word she said, Meghan Markle. I wouldn’t believe it if she read me the weather report. "The fact that she’s fired up this onslaught against our Royal family I think is contemptible." Weather reporter Alex then had many tense conversations with Piers over race and particularly Meghan and claims that much of the abuse against her is racially motivated. Piers then walked off set and never returned. At the news of Piers' departure, ITV released a statement reading: "Following discussions with ITV, Piers Morgan has decided now is the time to leave Good Morning Britain. "ITV has accepted this decision and has nothing further to add." Disagreeing with Piers at the time, ITV's chief executive Dame Carolyn McCall said she "completely believed what [the duchess] says", adding that ITV is "totally committed to" mental health. As a result of Piers' comments, Ofcom received 41,000 complaints in just 24 hours. Piers was cleared of any wrongdoing in September last year as they took "full account of freedom of expression". A report from The Sun later claimed that Piers had quit after refusing to apologise on-air for his comments.