During the visit, the 71-year-old Princess met personnel from Royal Scots Dragoon Guards who work closely with the Society. A photograph shared by the Royal Family on Twitter shows the Princess enjoying the company of a horse with the Royal scot.  The Princess Royal left her fans gushing as they touted her as the “dutiful” Princess. A Twitter user Amitochondrio said: “Princess Anne knows horses can feel the pristine love she brings to them. She infuses the universe with good energy. “If all world leaders and royalty intrinsically had her goodwill then Earth could be a happy place.” Another user Lakers_Sweet16 tweeted: “Princess Anne a dutiful Princess Royal.”   A third user Team_guidice tweeted: “She is probably like Carole Middleton, no attention needed. Lots of cuddles and hugs and down time with grandma!!” Princess Anne is the Queen’s and Prince Philip's second child. When she was born in August 1950, she was third in the line of succession but the 71-year-old is now 17th. Despite being relatively far from the throne, the Queen’s daughter is known as one of the hardest working Royals. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte's cute gesture to teary Beatrice  In 2021, she carried out a reported 387 Royal engagements, just edging out her brother, the future king, Prince Charles' 385 official activities. She was named Princess Royal in June 1987 – three years after a botched kidnapping attempt was carried out against her near Buckingham Palace. Princess Anne married Captain Mark Phillips at Westminster Abbey in November 1973, during a televised ceremony that was watched by 100 million people. The couple had two children, Peter and Zara Phillips, before they announced their separation in 1989 and finally divorced in April 1992. DON'T MISS:Ukraine denies launching airstrike on Russian territoryUkraine War LIVE: Map pinpoints Putin's loss of control Princess Diana’s iconic photographer Patrick Demarchelier dies aged 78 The Princess Royal married Vice-Admiral Timothy Laurence in December 1992, in a private ceremony in Scotland. A devoted and noted equestrian, Princess Anne became the first member of the British Royal Family to compete in the Olympic Games, in Eventing, in Montreal in 1976. Prior to competing on the world stage, she won a gold medal at the European Eventing Championships in 1971 and took home two silver medals in 1975. When Princess Anne isn't riding horses and making Royal appearances, she works on various charities, including Save the Children. 