Wallpaper has the power to change the look and feel in a room by adding pattern, colour and texture to walls – in a way which paint simply can’t do. Although papering can look fantastic it can be expensive, and not the sort of task homeowners want to get wrong. The fitted furniture experts at Online-Bedrooms.co.uk have looked at the things Britons should do and those they should avoid when using wallpaper in their property. They suggest trying before you buy with lots of samples and making sure the walls are well-prepped and ready to hang wallpaper on. Among the things to avoid are rushing to pick a design and papering a small room. Nic Shacklock from Online-Bedrooms.co.uk said: “Wallpapering is an art and is nowhere near as straightforward as putting a bit of paint on the walls. “There are some simple do’s and don’ts to follow when it comes to planning your room and getting started. “There are obvious, practical tasks like prepping the walls and making sure you have the necessary equipment, and others including defining a space with the wallpaper you pick and if you are DIYing, starting with a small space.” READ MORE: House prices: How to ‘instantly’ add £40,000 to your property value Here are a few of Nick’s tips on the do’s and don’ts of wallpapering. For those who are a fan of bold wallpaper, they should limit it to just feature walls rather than the whole room. Nic said: “Avoid papering the whole room in a bold design - it’ll be too overpowering and you’re bound to tire of it quickly.” This is especially the case for smaller rooms, although Nic advises against wallpapering smaller rooms altogether. He said: “Don’t even try to put wallpaper up in the bathroom or kitchen. “There are too many items in the way, to get the paper looking perfect and it’s much harder to do a good job in a small space.” DON'T MISS: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less [TIPS]Baking soda hacks: The ‘cheap’ solution to clean kitchen appliances [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans use white vinegar to clean shower doors [INSIGHT] The expert also pointed out that homeowners must not forget to buy the correct equipment needed. For instance, when shopping for wallpaper, it’s important to have a list of the tools needed to apply the paper to the walls. Nic said: “You need more than wallpaper and glue to do a room justice. “Make sure you have step ladders to reach those top corners, a sponge and a pasting table. “Other equipment you’ll need includes a tape measure, pasting brush, plumb line, trimming knife, wallpaper scissors and a wallpaper hanging brush.” This may sound obvious to some, however, many overlook this process of trying out a wallpaper first, even though we test paints. Nic said: “Just as you would with paint, try some samples on the wall you’re planning to paper to make sure you pick the right one. “Live with them for a few weeks, see them at different times of the day and with different lighting.” This allows homeowners to be certain on which wallpaper they like best. Plus, having a sample allows Britons to better plan their coordinating paint colours throughout the rest of the room. The secret to a successful wallpaper experience is careful planning and preparation. Homeowners need to determine how much paper they need and always get a little extra to allow for pattern drop. Nic advised: “Always measure out the space you’ll be wallpapering so you buy enough. “Check batch numbers too - you want to make sure every roll is from the same batch. If you don’t, there may be some very slight differences.” Finally, homeowners should always prep the walls to ensure that the wallpaper looks its best. The expert said: “Walls need to be in decent condition before you hang the wallpaper. “Strip any existing wallpaper and if the walls are newly plastered, cover with a wall sealer. “Patch up any holes too and take down all wall fixtures.” Some may think the paper will cover up old holes or bumps, but in reality, every imperfection will show through.