Pirates of the Carribbean star Johnny Depp has been seen doodling during his $50 million defamation trial against his ex-wife, Amber Heard. The Hollywood legend was spotted drawing intricate pictures on Post-it notes yesterday which he proudly shared with his attorney. It appears the star has turned back to his doodling today as officers from the LAPD give evidence to the court on Depp and Heard's last row in 2016. Today marks the tenth day of the trial in Virginia and it seems the Fantastic Beasts star has found a way to keep himself occupied, by doodling colourful designs while witnesses continued to testify. The star's attention had been directed at creating an intricate pink and purple design on a pad of paper as Los Angeles Police Department officer William Gatlin gave his video deposition of the events on the evening of 21st May 2016. While questioned by Amber's lawyer Elaine Bredehoft, the officer told how "it appeared as if [Amber] was not" a "victim of domestive violence by Mr Depp. "Are you able to testify whether Amber Heard was a victim of domestic violence by Mr Depp on 21 May 2016?" Heard's lawyer Elaine Bredehoft asks. "Based on our investigation it appeared as if she was not," Mr Gatlin replies. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he isn't sure about GMB future after backlash He explained that it was based on Heard "refusing to give any statement" adding that he "did not observe any visible or verifiable injuries to her". Yesterday, one moment from the ninth day of the trial ended up going viral on social media platform TikTok. Depp was seen passing a courtroom sketch to his attorney, Benjamin Chew, after doodling a design on a yellow Post-it. In the clip, Chew removed his glasses to see the sketch more clearly before the actor whispered in his ear. After assessing the picture, Depp's attorney nods at the sketch before holding his hand to his heart and pointing at the actor.  Meanwhile, Depp grinned widely, proud of his artwork. Earlier today, the actor was seen entering the courtroom while holding up a notebook he had accessorised. The star brandished the personalised sketch pad as he entered the room. It featured capitalised black letters on a red background as well as a picture of a green skull with a crown on its head. DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford's husband Eamonn issues plea to 'unsung hero' at ITV [INSIGHT]Dan Walker’s awkward reply to Sally Nugent after BBC exit news [ANALYSIS]Helen Skelton breaks Instagram silence amid split as fan cheers her up [IUPDATE] It comes as Officer Melissa Saenz appeared in court yesterday, to give her evidence in a pre-taped video. Officer Saenz was asked about her visit to the former couple's penthouse apartment in 2016 and what she recalled from the event. The officer claimed that Heard was "not" a victim of domestic violence, after the Aquaman actress claimed to have been left with a bruised cheek following the incident. Officer Saenz was questioned by Heard's lawyer Elaine Bredehoft about the events which took place in May of that year. During the trial, she said: "I did not identify her as a victim of domestic violence." She also added that she did not see any evidence of a crime, including broken glass or any mess in the penthouse. It was the last argument between the couple before the actress filed for a divorce and a restraining order, which she did a week later. Heard filed for divorce in May 2016, 15 months after they were married.