Brexiteer Ben Habib has launched a scathing attack against Boris Johnson ordering him to present just one Brexit promise he has kept. The latest backlash exploded when EU fishing commissioner Virginijus Sinkevicius said all licences requested by French boats to operate in UK coastal waters had been granted, with only around 70 permits still outstanding. The Brexit deal ensured the UK's share of fishing quotas in its waters increased from 2021 to 2026 but in territorial waters 6-12 miles from the coast, Britain had granted permission for French vessels who had previously fished there to continue. Britain and France have feuded over the issue, with French boats blocking the harbours in Jersey and France threatening to ask the EU to take legal action over the matter. Labour leader Sir Keir has rarely challenged the Prime Minister on Brexit despite pushing for a second referendum on the matter under the party leadership of Jeremy Corbyn. He has also recently admitted there is next to no chance of the UK re-joining the EU. Mr Habib has bemoaned the lack of opposition to Mr Johnson, and told Express.co.uk: "I challenge the Prime Minister to show me one promise he has kept on Brexit. "It was the promise to "Get Brexit Done" that got him elected in the first place. "He keeps standing up in the Commons saying he's got it done, but he hasn't. "But because Labour are a Remain party and Keir Starmer is effectively a Remainer, Boris doesn't get challenged on the fact he hasn't got Brexit done. "Many of the so-called spartan European Research Group (ERG) members don't actually know what the Brexit deal is either." READ MORE: Nigel Farage outlines Le Pen's path to victory to crush Macron The former MEP launched a further attack against Mr Johnson, challenging the Prime Minister to show him a single Brexit promise he has managed to keep. Mr Habib made reference to the apparent climbdown from the UK in its war of words with France over fishing licences, outlining what he argued are broken promises from Mr Johnson. He claimed as a result of this, Britain remains "tethered at the waist to the EU". The Brexiteer continued: "This is another example of a broken promise from Boris Johnson on Brexit - in fact, he hasn't kept a single promise on Brexit. DON'TMISSBoris Johnson's Rwanda plan backed as even Labour voters support it [POLL]Blair's plan to send asylum seekers to Africa unveiled [REPORT]Russia bans Boris, Truss, Sunak and Patel from entering country [LATEST] "He hasn't taken control of our borders as we have illegal immigrants coming in. "The border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland is not in our control. "He hasn't taken control of our laws because the European Court of Justice remains as a supreme authority over some of the UK and all of Northern Ireland's laws. "In the Trade and Cooperation Agreement, we remain committed to the European Convention of Human Rights. The Prime Minister had repeatedly promised we would extricate ourselves from that. "We're tethered at the waist to the EU." 