Prince Harry opened up about his relationship with the Queen during an interview with the host of NBC's Today, Hoda Kotb. The Duke of Sussex was asked what the best thing about his 96-year-old grandmother is in his opinion, to which he replied: "Her sense of humour and her ability to see the humour in so many different things. "We have a really special relationship. "We talk about things that she can't talk about with anybody else." Without elaborating, the Duke of Sussex also said he was making sure the Queen was "protected" and surrounded by the "right people". Moreover, Prince Harry, who spoke with Ms Kotb during this year's Invictus Games - a multi-sports tournament for injured and sick veterans and military personnel he founded - joked about the Queen possibly being "bored" of birthdays, having lived through so many. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Royal expert Richard Kay said the monarch has "always been scrupulous to avoid any accusations of favouritism when it comes to her grandchildren". However, he reported insiders told him that if there was a "special one" among her grandsons, in the Queen's heart it would be Peter Phillips, Princess Anne's son and the monarch's eldest grandchild. Writing in the Daily Mail, Mr Kay reported a source described as an old friend of the sovereign saying: "She has always been close to Peter and admires the way he and his sister Zara handled themselves as grandchildren of the monarch but without royal titles. "Like William and Harry and Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie, Peter and Zara were children of broken homes, but were somehow more exposed because of Anne's decision that they should not have titles. READ MORE: Prince Harry takes ‘direct shot’ at Palace to protect Meghan "She thinks Peter especially has inherited the resilience that is so characteristic of Anne. "She sees him as dependable." Mr Kay added the Queen's late husband, the Duke of Edinburgh, also shared the Queen's affection for Peter. He wrote: "Prince Philip shared this affection and regarded Peter, outdoorsy and sporty, as the most sensible and level-headed of all his grandchildren. "It was into Peter's care that the grieving William and Harry were entrusted in the days after news of their mother's death reached them at Balmoral." Alongside Prince Harry and Peter, the Queen counts among her eight grandchildren Zara Tindall, Prince William, Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice and the children of the Earl and Countess of Wessex - Lady Louise and James, Viscount Severn. Being the youngest royal grandchildren and living relatively close to Windsor Castle, Louise and James are believed to be spending a lot of time with the sovereign. Louise was believed to be particularly close to Prince Philip, given their shared passion for carriage driving. The 18-year-old spoke about it in her first-ever televised interview, included in the BBC's special Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers. She said: "The Duke of Edinburgh has been so involved in my driving which has been so lovely although slightly scary because he invented the sport pretty much. "It's incredible to have learned first hand from him." Louise added: "After a competition, he would always ask how it went. "His eyes would light up because he just gets so excited when he talks about it. "When we would go carriage driving, he would take me on a different route every day, I do not know how he managed to do that, and tell me all sorts of anecdotes about anything and everything. "He is honestly one of the most interesting people I have ever met".