The world was in mourning when news broke of Freddie Mercury's passing at just 45 in 1991. Brian May, 74, has spoken in a new interview about this "difficult" period in his life and how his album Another World gave him something else to focus on. Brian recently revisited his 1998 album Another World, with the album now remastered in a number of different formats. Speaking to Johnnie Walker today on BBC's Radio 2, Brian recalled the "energy" the album had. He said: "There is an amazing amount of energy yeah. It comes from various sources I think. "Part of it comes from me because I'm struggling to get out of what is still a difficult place having lost Freddie and kind of lost my sense of reality." READ MORE: Michael Bublé says he and wife almost ended their marriage Brian also credited the album's "energy" to the late Cozy Powell who helped create the album. He said: "But I had Cozy Powell in the studio for the first part of the album with his enormous input of energy and optimism and his belief in me. "Sadly I didn't have him for the whole album because he died in a terrible crash halfway through." He continued: "He had an incredible optimism about him which was just what I needed because I'm basically a pessimist I think. "Love that guy and it was awful to lose him. "I have dedicated the album to him as you probably know." In August last year, Brian re-released his first full-length studio album, 1992's Back to the Light. The album drew from his personal experiences at the time including the death of his father and Queen bandmate Freddie. DON'T MISS... James Martin shut down marriage plans with girlfriend [INSIGHT] Liz Hurley, 56, puts on a busty display in racy dancing video [INSTAGRAM] Jeremy Clarkson says Amber Heard wanted Top Gear stint in bid for fame [OPINION] The reissue was the first instalment of the Brian May Gold Series, whose name hinted at the possibility of more archival solo material to be released from the guitar legend. Speaking in an interview with Newsweek last year, he said: "That's where I'm heading. I'm already working on Another World, which I'm very excited about. "We're gonna treat it in a similar way [like Back to the Light] and do all the polishing that's necessary." First released in 1998, Another World has been reissued and remastered in a variety of different formats. This includes the original album, a deluxe edition featuring a disc of bonus material recorded from that period, a vinyl LP and a limited collectors edition box set. Coinciding with the reissue is a new book that collects Brian May inspired fan art. Brian always wants to give back, giving the sales proceeds to the Save Me Trust, whose mission is devoted to animal rights.