Tottenham’s hopes of finishing in the top four have taken a blow after succumbing to a 1-0 defeat at home to Brighton. Antonio Conte’s side never got going in a lethargic performance and their failure to win hands Arsenal a lifeline as the battle between the north London rivals intensifies. In a scrappy, ill-tempered affair, quality was lacking in the final third as Brighton frustrated Tottenham and arguably played the better football. Dejan Kulusevski and Enock Mwepu were fortunate not to see red for separate incidents in the first half. Despite a small improvement from Spurs in the second half, their talented attacking trio were unable to carve out a clear goalscoring opportunity and Leandro Trossard made them pay late on with an incisive finish. Express Sport looks at five things we learned from the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. READ MORE: Tottenham face 'lots' of competitors in Bremer transfer battle At this rate, it really could go down to the final day of the season between Arsenal and Tottenham. Even they continue to take turns in failing to take advantage of being in fourth place, West Ham and Manchester United may feel they have a glimmer of hope. Tottenham's run of six wins from seven games appeared to put them in the driving seat, with Arsenal struggling for form since returning from the international break. But their failure to get past Brighton will raise questions about whether Conte's men have enough to get over the line. They are now just four points clear of Arsenal and the Gunners, ahead of their trip to Southampton on Saturday, have two games in hand. It is back in Mikel Arteta's hands and that will disappoint Conte, given the ground they have made up in recent weeks. But with so many twists and turns ahead, the race for that all-important Champions League qualification spot may well be decided in the north London derby on May 12. DON'T MISSTottenham make Eriksen and Tielemans 'priorities'Ten Hag 'wants Bergwijn' as first Man Utd signingArsenal and Tottenham on standby after Martinez boost Tottenham were reportedly considering Graham Potter as a candidate before they decided to hire Nuno Espirito Santo in June last year. On the evidence of this season and this game, the Englishman certainly has a bright future in the game. His side may be comfortably in mid-table but were anything but complacent in their approach. They looked prepared, hungry and were perhaps unfortunate not to go into the interval ahead after having the better of the first half action. Trossard's late winner was exactly what they deserved after a brave performance. There is an argument that they lack a cutting edge in the final third, but the football they produce in the build-up is not inferior to what Liverpool and Manchester City conjure — and on a shoestring budget compared to the Premier League’s top two. If another top job becomes available in the next 12 months, expect him to be in the running. Go back to Tottenham’s 1-0 defeat to Burnley on February 22 and that is the last time Harry Kane or Son Heung-min failed to score in a game for Spurs. In the seven games in between, Kane has five goals and five assists, Son eight goals and one assist. But with a mixture of clever tactics and tireless work, Brighton managed to end their reign of terror. A lot of Tottenham’s play was far too lethargic to cause the visitors problems. But on the occasion when they got in behind, the three centre-backs — Joel Veltman, Lewis Dunk and Marc Cucurella — dealt with the threat superbly. They had some help from Yves Bissouma, who tracked Kane in the deeper areas and denied him the chance to play as the link man. Other than Chelsea, Brighton are the only other side who stick with the 3-4-3 as often as Spurs do, and they demonstrated they know how to defend against it here. Halting the individual talents of Kane and Son, statistically the best striking duo the Premier League has seen, will feel as good as a win. Spurs learn how to suffer One of the pillars of Antonio Conte’s management is that in football matches, there will come a time when a team is under pressure. Instead of trying to avoid it, he embraces it — and prepares his side for when that moment arrives in the game. In the first half an hour of their home match against Brighton, Tottenham were made to suffer. Whether it was the early kick-off or just a sluggish start, Conte’s men couldn’t get going and found themselves frustrated by how Brighton closed them down. Similarly, the Seagulls had several near-misses that could have seen them take the lead, but failed to take advantage. Even if they were not performing, Spurs still managed to weather the storm. Cristian Romero rose for headers, Ben Davies made blocks and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg battled in the midfield. That ability to be able to survive through tough periods in the game without conceding will prepare Tottenham for some difficult moments in the final weeks of the season. Dejan Kulusevski knows he got away with one after appearing to lash out with his elbow to catch Marc Cucurella. Somehow, the Swede only picked up a booking for his clear swipe towards the Spaniard. Later in the half, Enock Mwepu escaped being sent off by referee Craig Pawson for a series of challenges. The midfielder was booked for a challenge on Sergio Reguilon and was involved in two incidents that Spurs felt warranted a dismissal. The Zambian clattered Ben Davies with his boot, albeit accidentally, having already been booked. Then, only minutes later, he caught Hojbjerg late on his boot. Again, the question was asked to Pawson but the official decided to hand him a last warning. Did he deserve that leniency? After three bookable challenges, surely not. But in the back of Pawson’s mind, Kulusevski could have also gone, and perhaps he felt it was a case of evening the score. Referees are making an effort to only punish dangerous challenges, but the line must be drawn when the offence is so obvious.