Meghan Markle, 40, is the subject of royal biographer Tom Bower's latest book which he said will tell the "truth" about the Duchess of Sussex. Mr Bower told the Daily Express last year: "It will tell the truth when it comes out." Royal expert Neil Sean has since claimed Meghan is "concerned" about its publication. Speaking on his YouTube Channel, Mr Sean claimed: "This time he's now looked into the past life of the now Meghan, Duchess of Sussex. "According to very good sources, Meghan's concerned that this particular book could damage her image. "Meghan is concerned by who spoke to Mr Bower and as her team have pointed out, how rock solid these claims are. "Either way, a lot of people's money is simply on Mr Bower's book rather than the forthcoming memoir from Prince Harry." READ MORE: Dr Shola savages Sophie Wessex and Edward's Caribbean royal tour A source told The Sun last year: "This is the book Meghan will be dreading. "Tom doesn't pull his punches and is terrifyingly thorough in his research. "No stone will be left unturned. "Tom has previously worked with some of his subjects, and even spent time trailing them, but it has been made perfectly clear to him that this will not be an option with Meghan. She wants no part of it." The Duchess recently revealed she and her husband were torn over what to call their son, an Invictus Games competitor has said. The couple named their baby boy Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor after he was born on May 6 2019. Meghan is said to have told the parent of a little boy called Harrison that she and Harry could not decide whether to choose Archie or Harrison as a first name. Sherry McBain, 42, who lives in Southampton, said her wife Mandy brought their little boy Harrison to a children's book reading attended by Meghan at the games in The Hague, and the pair got chatting. DON'T MISS Harry accused of 'taking advantage' of Queen for Netflix documentary [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'need to be on good terms with the Queen' [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry's 'dig at Queen's aides' exposed - expert lifts lid [VIDEO] Ms McBain told the PA news agency: "She was like 'Harrison, that's Archie's middle name', and Mandy was like 'Yeah, I know'. "They were just having a chat because Harry and Meghan couldn't decide between Archie and Harrison for the first name." Archie means "genuine", "bold" and "brave", and is German in origin. Short for Archibald, it is now given as a name in its own right.