Let me chance my arm. It is the absolute right of a people within the ambit of a nation-state to govern themselves in all things without any foreign institution or power being able to overrule or countermand the people's government. Within our gaze and within our grasp there are three such sovereignties. There is the right of our vote as the final arbiter or judge of whom we wish to be governed by. The party elected may not be everyone's choice but it will at least be a truly British choice. Sovereignty is lost if a foreign body can change our choices in law or practice. That, I believe, was why a majority of voters, most quite strange to erudite arguments, voted to leave the EU. It was not the principle of collaboration that we rejected but the terms of membership. It had become plain to a majority of us that institutions in Brussels could alter our laws behind closed doors and there was nothing we could do about it. The second sovereignty is str that of our defence forces; their strength, deployment and use. A nation that, alone, can control and direct its army, navy, air force, special forces and intelligence networks is sovereign. Give that away, permit other committees to direct where, when and how they will be used, and you have lost sovereignty. Today the last tenacious fanatics for EU control over us clamour for us to join the European Defence Union. Again, the excuse is "cooperation". So claim the Remoaners. In fact the EDU hopes to control and direct all the defence structures of Europe from a central command which France lusts to dominate. So far we have resisted and declined. We will collaborate in a common cause, but the final decision is ours. That is sovereignty. The third is the one where successive governments over 20 years have let us down. It is the control of all the energy we need to run our country and all the sources of generation of that energy. Stupidly, successive governments have ignored scientific advances that would enable us to generate every therm that we need, thinking it cheaper to import from abroad. Cheaper? Have a look at your latest bills. They are plunging us into recession. There was never any need for this. We have coal under our feet, oil and gas off Scotland. Our scientists have devised procedures to reduce the toxic by-products to tiny proportions of what they are now. We have shale oil and gas under our country to power us for decades yet to come. And no proven evidence of earthquakes. Other scientists have developed cheap, fast, safe nuclear reactors small enough to look like a warehouse but powerful enough to energise a county. All have been sidelined - until now when panic has set in. Our premier goes to Saudi Arabia to ask for more oil and is rebuffed. If we buy from Russia we fund genocide. We have to institute a truly crash programme to internalise all our needed energy and its generation. Then and only then will we recover the sovereignty for which so many of our ancestors fought and died. ----- In a country which has decided that slavery is the worst crime mankind ever committed (it wasn't) it remains strange that scholars revere the civilisation called Ancient Rome. We teach its language to our children, adorn solemn places with Latin inscriptions and study its philosophers as truly enlightened entities. Yet Rome practised slavery from start to finish. It could not have existed without slavery at every level. Not a mouthful of food was eaten by Romans that was not planted, grown and harvested by slaves. They were forced to perform every menial function, row the galleys, cough their lungs up in the mines and even fight to the death in the arena. It would be hard to imagine a less slave-riddled society. So was it really a civilisation or a barbarous empire? And if the latter, why do our scholars and academics worship it? Britain's entire slavery practising two centuries pale into insignificance compared to a few months of Roman rule. But we are not pulling down their statues or inscriptions. ----- It has been some time since I had cause to praise Boris Johnson on this page, but it took old-fashioned "bottle" to fly, even secretly and protected by some of our toughest and best, to Ukraine and circulate among amazed and grateful people last weekend. So why not take on the much less dangerous task of putting a large bomb under the backsides of the oafish bureaucrats who have made yet another botch - the snail-like granting of travel papers to Ukrainian refugees? They are dying (literally) to seek shelter here, we are more than willing to welcome them and only the usual and useless tide of paper forms prevents them. So come on, Prime Minister, issue your ultimatum: get the job done or get out. ----- So the French have voted - for the first of their two presidential elections. The results were much as foreseen. Macron won with Le Pen second. So they go through to the run-off nine days from now. But nothing was decided. The two winners together only clocked up 52 per cent of the vote, leaving 48 per cent to vote again for their second-favourite. Plus the substantial core of non-voters who may now change their minds and go to the polls for the final choice. It's still wide open. ----- Our media is jammed with pages describing the great Easter getaway - or not, as the case may be. My iPad is daily flooded with pleas from BA that I rush over to Heathrow to board a flight here, there or anywhere. Then I look at the pictures or turn on the telly and shudder. Twenty-mile queues on the M20 due to blockages at the port. Jams on most major roads heading anywhere near the coast. Airports, with Heathrow as ever in the lead, making refugee camps look like they are five-star resorts. Outside Chateau Fred (actually a bungalow but comfy) the sunbeams, the birds invest the feed tables, the Jack Russells gambol, the lawn grows and the flowers bloom. Down two lanes there's a foaming pint, cheery greetings and conviviality at The Jolly Cricketers. I'd have to search very hard for a good reason to swap all that for a place in a stationary car or a patch on an airport floor. ----- A big treat last week for the CO when we drove up to Norfolk to watch part of the filming of a new TV movie. She spent 20 years in the film industry in Hollywood as PA to several top directors and then Elizabeth Taylor before returning to the UK and falling on hard times - I mean she married me. She had not been on a film lot or film set in years. The film being made on the old RAF base of West Raynham is called The Shepherd, a novella which I wrote in the winter of 1974. It is being made by Esperanto Films with director Iain Softley and should be released to our screens next Christmas under the Disney Plus label. The two co-stars are Ben Radcliffe and John Travolta who is over here for the filming and with whom we lunched. I knew he had read and liked the story because years ago he dropped me a note to say so, but we had never met. He turned out to be extremely charming. We are both trained pilots and so had plenty with which to bore the CO. As a short story set on Christmas Eve it will be a 40-minute version but at least topical in late December. Also fascinating to me was to see again a De Havilland Vampire single-seater jet which features in the story and on which I got my "wings" in 1958.