Jonathan Dimbleby, who has known Prince Charles for decades since making a documentary about him in 1994, said the Duke of Sussex is "not the brightest". The journalist predicted Harry and Meghan will "become less and less significant" as they get older. Mr Dimbleby said it was a "very great shame" as when he met Harry in the 1990s he was "filled with generosity of spirit". The broadcaster told The Times: “I suspect that Harry is led by the nose by Meghan Markle. "He’s entering a sort of vortex in which they will become less and less significant as a couple. "As she gets older, as he gets older, they will matter less because the celebrity on which they trade will become less valuable. "And it’s a very great shame because when I met him, he was absolutely charming; a lovely, lovely young guy. "Not the brightest in the world but filled with generosity of spirit.” Harry and Meghan are pursuing new lives of personal and financial freedom in the US after quitting as working royals in 2020. The Sussexes are living in the celebrity enclave of Montecito in California with their two young children Archie and Lili. READ MORE: Spotify could want 'greater control' over Meghan's podcast  The couple, who hit out at the Royal Family in their bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview a year after ending royal duties, recently returned to Britain together for the first time since Megxit to visit the Queen at Windsor Castle en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. But Harry sparked fresh controversy in an interview during the event in The Hague as he appeared to issue a veiled warning to those closest to the Queen, saying he wanted to make sure his grandmother was "protected" and had "the right people around her". Speaking to NBC's Today show about his meeting with the Queen, he said: "Being with her it was great, it was just so nice to see her, she's on great form. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry's Santa Barbara home shows 'shift from royalty' [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry told he can protect Queen by 'not being around her' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry ‘has a lot of apologising to do’ to fix feud with William [VIDEO] "She's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure that she's protected and got the right people around her." When asked if she was missing Prince Charles or Prince William, Harry dodged the question and said he was focused on the Invictus Games. His comments are likely to deepen the rifts between the Duke and the institution of the monarchy and his family. Harry also said he did not know if he will return to the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June. The Duke, who is embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection, said there were "security issues and everything else". And he appeared to commit his immediate future to the US, saying: "Home for me now is, you know, for the time being, it's in the States, and it feels that way as well." 