We’re just a month away from Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hitting cinemas. The latest trailer broke the internet after its Super Bowl debut, with MCU fans wildly speculating over their most wanted cameos. Now the final main trailer will be gearing up to release at some point in the next few weeks and there are rumours it could drop as early as tomorrow. Fandango have confirmed that cinema tickets for Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness will go on sale on Wednesday at 6am PST, which means 2pm BST. Since this news, Marvel fans have been wondering if the final trailer for the new MCU blockbuster will drop simultaneously as a bookings push. Interestingly, alleged Marvel leaker Main Middle Man (who should be taken with a pinch of salt) tweeted: “The upcoming trailer for Multiverse of Madness will definitely make you rush to grab your ticket as soon as possible. Be prepared.” If not the final trailer, it’s possible a special look could drop, as was the case with Avengers Endgame. One fan theorised in the Twitter comments: “Predicting an evil Wanda shot, full Prof X shot, and maybe some silhouettes or teases for other cameos and the Illuminati. + Some clips of the final battle mixed in.” Another guessed: “There won't be a full trailer, it will be a 1 or 1:30 mins trailer cause Avengers Endgame also had a trailer too named SPECIAL LOOK to announce that the tickets are on sale and it was 1:30 mins long. But whatever it will be it would be f***in awesome.” Rumours have been rife for months that Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness will see some big Fox Marvel stars returning in cameos. DON'T MISSAvengers Endgame director: ‘Iron Man had to die, not Captain America’ [AVENGERS]Morbius spoilers review: Jared Leto's deathly dull vampire movie sucks [MORBIUS]Spider-Man No Way Home digital and Blu-ray home release announced [SPIDER-MAN] We’ve already seen and heard Patrick Stewart’s Professor X in the latest Doctor Strange 2 trailer. He’s rumoured to be part of the Illuminati, a group of brainy Marvel characters from the comics. There are also rumblings that John Krasinski could be playing Mr Fantastic and even Tom Cruise as an Iron Man variant. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hits UK cinemas on May 5, 2022.