In March, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge undertook an eight-day royal tour which saw them visit three Caribbean nations. Their visit was arranged to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee and also drum up support for the monarchy in regions where republican sentiment is on the rise. William, 39, and Kate, 40, undertook a series of engagements in Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas during their “charm offensive” visit. However calls for slavery reparations followed them throughout its tenure, overshadowing a trip aimed at strengthening the Commonwealth and discouraging other countries from following Barbados’s example in becoming a republic. The couple were met with particularly significant resistance in Jamaica, and before the royal couple’s plane touched down in Kingston, a Jamaican human rights advocate called for an apology from the Duke and Duchess, who she said were benefiting from her ancestors’ “blood, tears and sweat”. Opal Adisa, who helped orchestrate a protest outside the British High Commission building, was among those calling for the monarchy to pay reparations for slavery. Cele Otnes, a professor of marketing specialising in how the Royal Family brands themselves, spoke with Express.co.uk about how Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex will soon be embarking on their own Caribbean tour. Professor Otnes, co-author of "Royal Fever", claims adjustments would have been made to their tour to avoid the “blunders” of William and Kate’s tour. She claimed: “Clearly, William and Kate’s recent Caribbean trip didn’t generate the fervour for that event, or for the Royal Family, that was hoped. “The Wessexes, along with Princess Anne and her family, have been relatively scandal and misstep-free, and it’s significant that they are visiting the Caribbean so soon after William and Kate (even as the visit has been retooled after William and Kate’s visit to avoid similar missteps and blunders, such as restaging the Land Rover ride about).” READ MORE: Meghan showcased her 'close connection' to Royal Family with outfits Royal fans rushed to the defence of William and Kate in response to Ms Otnes’ comments. One said: “Seems like they did the best anyone could do in a tenuous situation. “They were polite, respectful, friendly representatives of an institution that sometimes divides opinion.” Another wrote: “William and Catherine have always behaved the best and neither one of them has ever been involved in any scandal. “The two of them have the best reputation. Any mistakes made on the tour are the fault of advisors, it's not as though the Cambridge's planned the tour themselves.” One called Joy chimed in to add: “As far as William and Catherine are concerned they were faced with a difficult situation and handled it with class and dignity.” DON'T MISS The Queen's special Easter with Princess Beatrice and baby Sienna [INSIGHT] Prince Charles tipped to take centre stage during key Jubilee event [REVEAL] Prince Harry set for major US interview TOMORROW [LATEST] One more added that protests have been common on royal tours in the past. They wrote: “Ok, this narrative that the Caribbean tour was a disaster is nonsense. Were there protests, yes but they were small. Are there always protests? “Again yes, show me a tour where there hasn't been some kind of protest. The only difference is that this time the media chose to focus on them whereas in the past they have chosen to focus on the good aspects.” Kate and William’s Jamaica leg of the tour was also marred with controversy for other reasons. The pair were pictured on one side of a chain-linked fence, with Jamaicans on the other side reaching through to try and shake their hands. Some slammed the couple for the move, branding it as “tone deaf” but others pointed out that the images showed the couple meeting local children at a football pitch in the Trench Town neighbourhood of the Jamaican capital Kingston, in much the same way as footballer Raheem Sterling had done. Royal correspondents who accompanied the couple during their royal visit pointed out the images were shared without this context, and that Kate and William had gone to greet the local residents outside of the fence after the game. Also while in Jamaica, Kate and William rode the same Land Rover used by the Queen and Prince Philip during their 1953 trip to the region. Photos show the royals standing in the open-top vehicle while waving to spectators as they are driven slowly through a military parade and the pair were criticised for perpetuating “colonial” ideals.