The Ukrainian President urged the EU to finally stand up to Putin and slap an embargo down on Russian fossil fuels amid the full-scale invasion of Ukraine. He said in a video address: "First of all, we need an oil embargo and a clear readiness by Europe [to give up] all Russian energy sources. “The European Union must stop sponsoring the Russian military machine.” This comes after the EU looked poised to slap down a tougher sanction package in a fifth round of punishments following evidence of alleged war crimes committed by Russian troops in Bucha surfaced. But even then, the EU did not manage to ban Russian oil and gas, despite the European Parliament voting overwhelmingly in favour of an immediate ban. The EU imported a staggering €48.5billion (£38billion) of crude oil in 2021, and €22.5billion (£19billion) of petroleum oils other than crude. It also handed Russia €16.3billion (£13.5billion) for gas in 2021, depending on the fossil fuel for 45 percent of its total supplies. Just oil and gas alone make up more than £70billion in payments. Mark Lynas, co-author of “Switch off Putin”, a report on the feasibility of an immediate embargo on Russian oil, gas and coal, wrote in EURACTIV that the EU is “paying for Putin’s campaign of genocide against the Ukrainian people”. He claimed that since the start of the invasion in mid-February, Europe has handed Putin €24billion (£20billion) for energy imports. Meanwhile, the UK has pledged to phase out Russian oil and coal imports by the end of the year, and plans to ban gas as soon as possible. US President Joe Biden signed an Executive Order embargoing all the Russian fossil fuels, including liquified natural gas, oil and coal. But the bloc has been struggling to take the same form of action as its western counterparts due to its huge dependence on Russian gas. READ MORE: Japan tipped to join AUKUS as hypersonic missile deal to terrify Putin The EU annually imports up to 155 billion cubic metres (bcm) of gas from Russia, which last year accounted for 55 percent of its total supplies. This means the bloc has a mountain to climb to ensure energy security and avoid damage to its economy. But Mr Zelensky has stressed that the urgency of the matter goes beyond the economic damage that energy might cause. He called Germany out, which has been particularly against sanctions, for prioritising “economy, economy, economy” over the people of Ukraine. DON'T MISS Putin promise to use 'weapons of unprecedented characteristics' [REPORT] Japan humiliates EU with blueprint to cut Russia ties [INSIGHT] Putin's plot to hold Germany to ransom could end in disaster [REVEAL] The country is one of the most dependent in the whole bloc, getting around a third of its gas needs from Russia, and has come under fire for hamstringing an effective EU response to Putin. Mr Zelensky said: "Some politicians are still unable to decide how to limit the flow of petrodollars and oil euros to Russia so as not to put their own economies at risk. “The only question is how many more Ukrainian men, how many more Ukrainian women, the Russian military will have time to kill in order for you, certain politicians - and we know who you are - to find some determination.”