Erik ten Hag is ‘very happy’ with two aspects of his imminent move to Manchester United, it has been claimed. The Dutchman has verbally agreed to take over at Old Trafford, with the Red Devils looking beyond the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui. An announcement isn’t expected to be made before the weekend, however, due to Ajax’s involvement in the Dutch Cup final. It was revealed on Tuesday night that Ten Hag had agreed to take charge of United and become their fifth permanent boss since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. And Fabrizio Romano, speaking on his YouTube channel, has now claimed the 52-year-old is ‘very happy’ about his imminent move to Old Trafford. It’s stated Ten Hag is delighted United will grant him power in negotiations alongside the board as they plan for a brighter future. And the Dutchman is also pleased the Red Devils are willing to back him by giving him a long-term contract. United won’t be a quick fix. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz There are too many problems at the Theatre of Dreams for that to be the case, even if they have a talented squad at their disposal. United still have players from the eras of Ferguson, David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer eras. And Ten Hag will now be charged with the task of re-awakening the club from their slumber. It’s been five years since United last won a trophy, with Manchester City and Liverpool dominating English football in the years since. But the Red Devils are determined to get this appointment right. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players United have gone through four managers since Ferguson walked away but, despite mass investment, they remain behind their fiercest rivals. Pochettino had, initially, been the frontrunner to take over at United when Solskjaer was relieved of his duties back in November. Yet the Paris Saint-Germain boss’ struggles this term mean United are now ready to give the keys to Old Trafford to Ten Hag instead. Lopetegui was always a dark horse for the role yet the Spaniard is happy to stay at Sevilla. And Enrique made it abundantly clear early on that he wouldn’t be leaving the Spain national team before the World Cup later in the year. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here While United are poised to appoint Ten Hag, meanwhile, talkSPORT’s Alex Crook recently urged the Ajax boss to turn the job done. Speaking after the Red Devils lost 1-0 to Everton on Saturday, he said: “Ten Hag looks to be the chosen one, I think United are just delaying the appointment until Ajax have settled their league campaign and they are still in the Dutch Cup as well, but I think Ten Hag’s move will happen. “If I was Ten Hag watching that yesterday, I would run a mile. “He will be walking in to a toxic dressing room. We know players will move on, but the fact Paul Pogba is allowed to go on a long farewell tour is baffling, for me. “He should be nowhere near the team. He has no commitment to Manchester United, and showed little since his return. “Suddenly, all of a sudden, Juan Mata – who has not played all season – seems to be the answer to the problems. I can’t get my head around that. “Nemanja Matic is also still rumbling around in midfield and Aaron Wan-Bissaka seems to be getting worse by the game. "There are so many players that need moving on.”