Fans of cleaning star Mrs Hinch have shared their tips for shining stainless steel using baby oil. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer with 4.3 million followers on Instagram who often shares cleaning tips and tricks. Fans of hers have created their own social media groups in her name for sharing cleaning hacks. On one such group, Facebook user Peachy Goosey Donna said: “How do I get a nice shine? “No matter what product I use or what technique I try, I seem to be left with these awful streaks!” Peachy shared a photo of her stainless steel extractor fan which appeared to have streaks on it. The social media user’s post was inundated with more than 1000 comments. READ MORE: What to do with your daffodils once they've finished flowering  The most popular suggestion was to use baby oil on the surface. Sarah Hacker said: “Once it’s clean, rub baby oil over the top - no streaks!” Nancy Wallace replied: “Baby oil, rub in after cleaning.” Vicky Miller commented: “Baby oil and kitchen roll.”  DON'T MISSLawn: ‘Always’ follow the ‘one third rule’ when mowing grass [INSIGHT]Property for sale: Hydrangeas and other plants to add home value [UPDATE]Briton loses £2,500 after convincing rental scam [ANALYSIS] Kim Kettle said: “Baby oil and a soft cloth.” Eleanor Pike suggested: “Baby oil! Discovered it recently thanks to this group and it’s amazing.” Debbie Simmons replied: “Baby oil - rub a small amount in after cleaning.” Karen Nichol commented: “I use baby oil on my splash back which is the same as this and it’s always shiny.” Leanne Jayne wrote: “When mine was installed they advised baby oil.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea ASDA Little Angels Baby Oil costs £1. Johnson's Baby Oil costs £1.49 from Superdrug. Johnson's Baby Oil is also available at Boots for £1.50. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using white vinegar, Bar Keepers Friend, WD40 and window cleaner. Gayle Stedman said: “Window cleaner and micro cloth, use not water and clothe before that.”  Sandra Summers replied: “WD40 and kitchen towel.” Fadielah Manuel suggested: “Spray white vinegar mixed with some water.” Carrieanne Caz Youde commented: “Bar Keepers Friend. “They sell it in Home Bargains. It’s amazing.”