Piers Morgan heaped praise on Tiger Woods and hailed his ‘steely resilience’ as the iconic golfer looks set to return to the professional circuit at The Masters. The 15-time Major winner is yet to play since suffering a horrific car crash in Los Angeles in February 2021. Woods has undergone extensive rehabilitation since suffering horrific leg injuries in the car crash, just two months on from undergoing further surgery on his back injury which has plagued the legend for years. He suffered comminuted open fractures to both the tibia and fibula in his right leg after losing control of his vehicle. The 46-year-old spent three weeks receiving medical attention and even reportedly faced potential amputation - but he could return to professional golf this weekend. He played the PNC Championship with son Charlie and completed a practice round at the iconic Augusta course with his kid and friend Justin Thomas. TV personality Morgan was among the first to react to the news that Woods could well play at the tournament as he posted: “Incredible… 13 months ago he had the car crash people said would end his career. There’s nobody in world sporting history with more steely resilience and mental strength than Tiger Woods.” READ MORE: Barty wins £17 golf tournament prize money after retiring from tennis Woods’ inclusion on the list of invitees originally stirred speculation and ignited excitement within golf fans around the world. On Sunday, Woods - who famously claimed a fifth green jacket in 2019 - revealed he was flying back to Georgia to continue his preparation, although he refused to confirm his presence at the event. “I will be heading up to Augusta today to continue my preparation and practice,” Woods tweeted. “It will be a game-time decision on whether I compete.” Images show Woods practicing hard while appearing relaxed. Early on Monday morning, the official Masters Twitter account posted a video of him on the course along with the caption: “Welcome back to Augusta National, Tiger.” DON'T MISSMasters champ Bubba Watson candidly opens up on anxiety issues Tiger Woods warning sent to Masters rivals ahead of potential returnWoods Masters return verdict delivered by McIlroy after Augusta round American sports reporter Matt Lively added: “This doesn’t feel real. Tiger Woods is about to make one of the all-time great comebacks in sports. “How he continues to shock the world and prove everyone wrong is unfathomable, he’s not of this planet. If he plays, it’ll be the most watched golf match ever.” Golf Digest writer Evin Priest revealed the former world No 1 looked sharp in practice, an encouraging sign he will play this weekend. The 2022 Masters tees off on Thursday April 7, and is set to conclude on Sunday April 10. Jon Rahm is the current favourite - just edging out Jordan Spieth and Justin Thomas - while Bryson DeChambeau is a slight outsider as he looks to finish inside the top 10 of a tournament for the first time this year.