The European Parliament has called for an immediate ban on all of Russia's hydrocarbons after 413 MEPs voted on the motion. Announcing the vote, Director-General for Communication and Spokesperson of the European Parliament Jaume Duch said: "Overwhelming. The European Parliament majority calls for an immediate and full embargo on Russian imports of oil, coal, nuclear fuel and gas. "413 votes for, 93 against, 46 abstentions."  "If Europe does not stop funding Putin, history will not see us as bystanders. History will know we were complicit." He went on in a speech in the EU Parliament: "Our energy addiction, our money, allows the killing of Ukrainians, the killing of fellow Europeans whose only crime was to believe in our freedoms. "Is it not clear that our gas is tainted with blood?" He continued: "The package announced today by Ms von der Leyen means Europe will continue funding Russia's army." READ MORE: Putin's plot to hold Germany to ransom could end in disaster The bloc hands Putin billions for energy imports, getting 40 percent of its gas supplies from Russia alone. And last year, the bloc imported a staggering €48.5billion (£38billion) of crude oil in 2021 and €22.5billion (£19billion) of petroleum oils other than crude. This is why Mr Garicano was furious that von der Leyen had only made mention of banning Russin coal, which cost the bloc €5.2billion (£4.3billion) last year. But Ms von der Leyen has indicated that banning oil is being considered in a fresh round of sanctions. DON'T MISS US reveals hypersonic missile test, risks escalating Russia tension [REVEAL] Putin threatens to STARVE Germany in horror retaliation to measures [INSIGHT] EU unleashes legal fury – Portugal sued over radiation failure [REPORT] She said yesterday: "We are working on additional sanctions, including on oil imports, and we are reflecting on some of the ideas presented by the member states, such as taxes or specific payment channels such as an escrow account." But Guy Verhofstadt agreess that the EU's approach has not been good enough, and he is also furious that the Commission has only promised a coal ban so far. He said in the EU Parliament: "You know why your strategy does not work? "Because progressive packages of sanctions with an autocrat does not work. "That works with a democracy...with a real public opinion. In Russia, there is no longer a real public opinion. "The reality is that it does not work because the fifth package is what? Coal. It is ridiculous, it is only three percent of the imports from Russia."