 Last week, the Prime Minister found himself embroiled in a fierce debate with the Opposition and a row within his own party over a ban on so-called conversion therapy after two policy U-turns. The Government eventually announced the ban would proceed, but would only apply to gay and bisexual people in England and Wales, not transgender people, a decision that was met with fury by human rights groups and some MPs. Now, Boris Johnson has inflamed the debate further, sharing his “controversial” views on the issue during a visit to a hospital in Welwyn Garden City on Wednesday. During a discussion on a range of issues, the Prime Minister said he supported banning the “abhorrent” practise of conversion therapy. But he added: “I don't think that it's reasonable for kids to be deemed so-called Gillick-competent to take decisions about their gender or irreversible treatments that they may have. I think there should be parental involvement at the very least.” Gillick competency is a medical term used to determine whether a child aged 16 and under is able to consent to their own medical treatment without parental consent. The Prime Minister went on: “I don't think that biological men should be competing in female sporting events.” “Maybe that's a controversial thing to say, but it just seems to me to be sensible. "I also happen to think that women should have spaces ‒ whether it's in hospitals, prison or changing rooms ‒ which are dedicated to women. That's as far as my thinking has developed on this issue."  He went on: "If that puts me in conflict with some others, then we have got to work it all out. It doesn't mean I'm not immensely sympathetic to people who want to change gender, to transition and it's vital we give people the maximum love and support in making those decisions. "These are complex issues and they can't be solved with one swift, easy piece of legislation. It takes a lot of thought to get this right." He added: “We will have a ban on gay conversion therapy, which to me is utterly abhorrent. “But there are complexities and sensitivities when you move from the area of sexuality to the question of gender. “There, I'm afraid, there are things that I think still need to be worked out.” So what do you think? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comments section below.  