Earlier this week it was revealed Princess Eugenie was following in Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's footsteps by announcing the launch of a new podcast. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex signed a deal with Spotify in 2020 that sees them create exclusive audio content and podcasts for the platform. The youngest daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson announced in a post published on Wednesday morning that her charity, The Anti-Slavery Collective, had launched a 10-part podcast series. The weekly programme is titled Floodlight and each episode will see different guests discussing the theme of modern slavery and how to put an end to it. Princess Eugenie is co-hosting the podcast with her close friend Julia de Boinville, with whom she co-founded the collective. Taking to Instagram, Beatrice’s husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi showed his support for this exciting new venture. The father-of-two shared a picture of Eugenie and friend Julia and congratulated them on the launch. A post on his Instagram stories saw him write, "Congratulations @the_anti_slavery_collective” alongside a direct link to listen to the first episode. News of the podcast was shared by Eugenie earlier this week as she detailed who some of the guests across the series will be. She said: "From lawmakers and company leaders to famous activists, survivors and journalists, Floodlight shows you just how prominent modern slavery is and that we can all do something about it. READ MORE: Wessexes pictured on final day of tour as protests continue "We want to thank all our guests for joining us, as well as @stakpod for making this project come to life. "It is available anywhere you listen to podcasts, just search Floodlight or follow the link in my bio to listen now!" The episodes are released every Wednesday and the first instalment sees Eugenie and Julia speaking with Caroline Haughey OBE QC, a leading lawyer in modern slavery and trafficking in the UK. Edo's sweet gesture of support for his wife’s sister comes a day after he and Beatrice travelled to Sweden for their first official engagement as a couple. DON'T MISS GB News guests clash over Royal Family reparations ‘No evidence!' [INSIGHT] Sophie and Edward: Why Wessexes royal tour has faced controversy [REVEAL] Prince Harry ‘has a lot of apologising to do’ to fix feud with William [ANALYSIS] The pair visited Stockholm on Wednesday to meet with Prince Carl Philip and his wife, Princess Sofia for the launch of the World Dyslexia Assembly. Both Beatrice and Edo have dyslexia and joined the Swedish royals to shine a light on the condition. The event was organised by the global charity Made By Dyslexia, of which Beatrice is an ambassador. A compilation video of the event was shared by the Swedish royal family's official Instagram account. One still shows Beatrice wearing a black floral and polka dot patterned dress while Edoardo is sporting a dark blue suit. Other footage shows snippets of the event and the Royal Family members in conversation. A speech by Sweden’s Prince Carl, who also has dyslexia, is also included in the video. Prince Carl also thanked the pair for joining him at the event by sharing a post on his own Instagram account. The caption read: "A special thank you to Her Royal Highness Princess Beatrice, a longtime activist for dyslexic minds, and to her husband Edoardo for joining us."