Dan Stevens took a brutal swipe at Boris Johnson on Wednesday’s The One Show as he compared him to US President Richard Nixon. The actor left hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas stunned as he branded Johnson a “criminal for a leader”. However, on GB News’ Thursday breakfast show, Stephen Dixon hit out at the actor. Breakfast hosts Stephen and Anne Diamond were joined by showbiz correspondent Ellie Phillips. She explained: “Dan Stevens is an actor and he’s probably best known for playing Matthew Crawley in Downton Abbey, he was in the first three series. “He’s going to be in a new political drama called Gaslit which is all about the 1970s Watergate scandal. “Last night, he went onto the BBC One Show to talk all about it and they asked him to describe the film and while he was describing the film, it was so hilarious and so brilliant, he took a swipe at Boris Johnson.” Read more: 'Can't stand to look!' Meghan and Harry blasted over security row Dan remarked: “Well, what you've got is a criminal for a leader, who is wrapped in a messy war, embroiled in a stupid scandal and surrounded by ambitious idiots, and really should resign... and, erm no, I'm sorry that's the intro to Boris Johnson.” "I've just said the intro to Boris Johnson, I'm so sorry," he mocked. After watching the clip, Stephen commented: “Oh, what an idiot.” “I love it,” Ellie disagreed. “You’ve got to make light of these things. With what’s going on in the world at the moment, if someone can make a laugh about it [then that’s a good thing].” “I don’t know if he will,” Stephen quipped. “Everyone is entitled to their opinion, I absolutely get that. “It’s just the way he did it, I think it was really badly done.” Ellie interjected: “Well it’s gone viral,” and Anne added: “He’s rehearsed that in the bedroom mirror, hasn’t he? “He’s showing off his acting skills there as much as possible,” Ellie quipped. “People have gone mad for it.” DON'T MISSAdil Ray blasted by GMB fans over 'car crash' refugee row with Tory MP [INSIGHT]Denise Welch claims Boris shouldn't quit over 'ridiculous' Covid rules [INTERVIEW]‘You're brainwashed!' Dan Wootton slams XR protestor over UK emissions [VIDEO] “Dreadful 70s hair and moustache,” Anne commented and Stephen added: “He didn’t do that very well.” Meanwhile, the viral moment has been praised by fans of the actor. @Eggieatcave tweeted: “Dan Stevens on the #TheOneShow firstly wearing the colours of Ukraine, then has a dig at Boris  brilliant take a bow #partygate.” @supertanskiii added: “I want to marry Dan Stevens. The nation really needed that.” “Petition to make Dan Stevens the new political editor of the BBC,” @jlsinc wrote. @one9eighty shared: “Dan Stevens - take a bow for that performance on the One Show sunshine. Wearing Ukrainian colours and simultaneously throwing shade at BoZo Johnson.” @patanna said: "Well said Dan Stevens. Saying what we all think.” GB News kicks off with Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel on weekdays at 6am.