Fuel shortages are being reported across the UK as protests at oil refineries spark mayhem for motorists. Coupled with the cost of living crisis, skyrocketing fuel prices are making drivers pinch at the pennies when they get to the forecourt - but how can you find out where does the cheapest petrol near you? Fuel prices have skyrocketed in recent months, and now shortages are being reported in parts of the UK thanks to protests. The price of petrol and diesel at the pump has risen in line with rising barrel costs, which are currently sky high. Global supply issues, market uncertainty and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine have contributed to the inflated price of forecourt fuel. Demonstrators from Extinction Rebellion (XR) and Just Stop Oil have been blockading roads used to access oil refineries near London and Birmingham since Friday.  READ MORE: Martin Lewis gives desperate drivers fuel saving tips The shortages reported seem to be concentrated in the south east of England. Howard Cox, founder of FairFuelUK, urged Boris Johnson and Transport Secretary Grant Shapps to “protect the supply of petrol and diesel to our garage forecourts”. He said: “Don’t let panic buying take over again with those long unnecessary queues we saw last year when you failed to act. “Our economy and millions of daily lives depend on their vehicles.” There are several tools that can help you find out where the cheapest fuel is near you. Confused.com has a petrol price checker, where you simply need to input your postcode that will tell you where the lowest prices are available. The same can be done via PetrolPrices.com, which will tell you the best results for your fuel type within five miles of your location.  DON'T MISSPetrol prices predicted to fall 8p [REPORT]Boris needs to use British oil and gas reserves to get to Net Zero [INSIGHT]Police unable to stop petrol and diesel thieves without evidence [REPORT] For a more general outlook on prices, the RAC also has the latest average fuel prices across the UK. As of Tuesday, April 5, the RAC average for unleaded is 163.18p per litre, whereas super unleaded comes in at an average of 175.32p per litre. Diesel is unsurprisingly higher, setting you back an average of 177.3p per litre. Thankfully, petrol prices could fall by as much as 8p per litre in the coming months, according to a recent forecast by a leading economics thinktank. The Centre for Economics and Business Research (CEBR) has made the prediction based on crude oil price forecasts. The CEBR said the price of crude oil - currently around $107 per barrel - will fall over time to below $90 per barrel by 2024.