Harry said that the United States is his home "for the time being". This came after the 37-year-old royal paid a surprise visit to the UK, where he met with the Queen and Prince Charles. Harry said he returned to the UK to make sure the Queen is "protected and got the right people around her". The visit was the first time the Duke of Sussex has been back in the UK with Meghan Markle since the couple stepped back from royal duties and moved to the United States in early 2020. Speaking about his meeting with the Queen, Harry said: "She’s always got a great sense of humour with me." He added: "It was really nice to catch up with her." Talking about his decision to return, he told Today: "I’m just making sure that she’s, you know, protected and got the right people around her. "You know, home — home for me, now, is, you know, for the time being, in the States." Talking about Santa Barbara, where he lives with Meghan and his two children, Archie and Lilibet, Harry said: "We’ve been welcomed with open arms." He noted that he and his family have "such a great community up in Santa Barbara". Prince Harry's return visit to the UK came ahead of his public appearance at the Invictus Games over the weekend. READ MORE: 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed It was described as an "olive branch" by royal expert Ingrid Seward, who told the Sun they could use the meeting to "clear the air". She added: "[The Queen] is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms." There has been speculation that the royal may return to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, which will take place from June 2 to June 5. Speaking to the Telegraph, Ms Seward added: "Their meeting at Windsor on Thursday shows the olive branch has been offered to them and she will be hoping they accept it. DON'T MISS: 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed [ANALYSIS] Kate dazzles as Duchess arrives at Easter Sunday service with William [PICTURES] Meghan and Harry's meeting with Queen could be used in Netflix series [REVEAL] "She wants to present a united family on an occasion like the Jubilee because an occasion like that certainly won’t happen again." According to the Telegraph, Harry and Meghan have been invited to stand on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the celebrations. But they will not be able to take part in Trooping the Colour or play a formal role in celebrations, the paper reported. However, royal author Phil Dampier said the Royal Family would need to be careful that Harry and Meghan do not "overshadow" the Queen's celebrations. Speaking to the MailOnline, he said: "It will have to be made clear which events they are going to be seen at beforehand and agreed so that everyone is singing from the same song sheet. "Otherwise it could turn into a PR disaster with the circus surrounding Harry and Meghan overshadowing celebrations for the Queen. "The other factor is the Queen might not be up to attending some events, so even more focus would be on the Sussexes and their interaction with other members of the family."