The Duke of Wales voiced concern at the “urgency” of the climate crisis as he expressed interest in a face mask for burping cows. Prince Charles met student designers at the opening of the new Terra Carta Design Lab at the Royal College of Art’s Battersea campus in south London on Wednesday.  Students from the Royal College of Art (RCA) were tasked with designing projects that reverse the damage humans are doing to the climate and nature. Out of 125 submissions, four teams of RCA students and alumni have been chosen as the winners of the inaugural Terra Carta Design Lab competition, receiving £50,000 in funding to help further develop their ideas. Among the four winning designs was a harness for cattle to convert their methane emissions into CO2 and water vapour in real time, created by design group Zelp (Zero Emissions Livestock Project). Startup Zelp, founded by Francisco Norris, uses pioneering technology to convert methane burped out by dairy and beef herds into water and carbon dioxide in an attempt to stem emissions.   The company has been working with one of the UK's largest meat producers to trial the devices on cows to help cut the carbon footprint of British beef. Francisco Norris said it was a “great honour” to speak with the eco-friendly prince. Speaking at the event, the Prince of Wales said of climate change that there were “crises that are confronting us in all directions” which highlighted the importance of “finding solutions rapidly”. He added that, with the designers' ingenuity, “we will have a better chance of winning this battle in shorter time”. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie's new announcement as royal follows Meghan and Harry  Methane has more than 80 times the warming power of carbon dioxide during its first 20 years in the atmosphere - so cutting it is a powerful way to slow warming in the short term. The world’s 1.5 billion cattle, each producing up to 500 litres of methane a day, are significant contributors to global warming. The majority is emitted through their belching, but some also comes from their flatulence. Charles was warmly greeted by product designer Sir Jony Ive and the vice-chancellor of the university Dr Paul Thompson upon arriving at the exhibition, housed in the RCA's Dyson Gallery. DON'T MISS:Donald Trump’s Air Force One deal ‘severely impacted’ BoeingEU was ‘completely wrong’ to rely on Russian gas - ‘Should have known'Ukraine LIVE: Russia threatens to bomb Britons in 'immediate' attack