The Briton is believed to be former soldier Scott Sibley, as tributes pour in for a man remembered as the “bravest person”. Alongside a Facebook page filled with reflections on Mr Sibley’s life, two GoFundMe page has been set up for the benefit of his family. One set up by Craig and Sabrina Gant for Mr Sibley’s widow, Victoria, almost doubled the original fundraising goal of £5,000 in a single day. Mr Gant wrote on the page: "Sadly on the 23rd April 2022, Scott Sibley 'Sibs' was taken from us all. "On behalf of Sibs and his family, I'm setting this Gofundme page up, to try and raise funds to help cover funeral/additional costs, for our fallen hero and dear friend.” He went on to describe: "Scott was a son, father, brother and uncle. "To me he was a friend like no other and the bravest person I've had the pleasure to have known, he was as good as a brother to me. "His life may have been cut short but he lived to the full and did things the Sibs way, right until the end." A second page hit its £1,000 goal in less than 24 hours. In a post on the Logistic Support Squadron Facebook page, one person wrote: "This week the Sqn has lost a former serving soldier. READ MORE: Huge fire in Moscow after car explosions “A man that showed Commando spirit until the end. RIP. Scott Sibley.” In a statement, the Foreign Office said: “We can confirm that a British national has been killed in Ukraine and we are supporting their family." A second UK national is believed to be missing in Ukraine, the statement added. The Government is “aware of a British national who is missing in Ukraine”, the Foreign Office detailed, and is “urgently seeking further information”. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin's chilling plan to seize food from warzones [LIVE] Hopes Madeleine McCann is still ALIVE: Kate and Gerry break silence [REVEAL] Volodymyr Zelensky refused to leave Kyiv [REPORT] It is not known if the two British nationals were known to one another, nor where the fatality occurred. Mr Sibley is thought to be the first British participant killed in the Ukraine war. A number of British nationals traveled to Ukraine to fight alongside the Ukrainian forces after Kyiv called for any willing volunteers to join their newly-created international brigade. This was initially backed by Foreign Secretary, Liz Truss, who said she would “absolutely” stand behind anyone who volunteered to join the fight. She said: “That is something people can make their own decisions about. The people of Ukraine are fighting for freedom and democracy, not just for Ukraine, but for the whole of Europe.” Downing Street then told Britons that the Foreign Office did not advise travelling to Ukraine, but a donation to the effort would be more appropriate. Two British volunteers have been captured by Russian forces after making the journey to the war-torn port city of Mariupol. Aiden Aslin and Shaun Pinner were taken prisoner after their unit exhausted their ammunition, and Mr Aslin then appeared on Russian state TV. His family described their pain at seeing their loved one in the 45-minute long interview, calling him a “much-loved young man with a strong network of friends around him and a loving wife-to-be”.