With lockdown restrictions lifting, estate agents across the UK have seen a surge in business as people seem to be quite keen to move. Rightmove has been analysing client patterns and surprisingly, it appears more people are interested in moving back inwards to the more urbanised areas now - but some cities are getting slightly more attention than others. Some towns just outside of London have been seeing more than twice as many buyer enquiries for every property than this time a year ago, according to Rightmove. This is leading to greater competition between buyers, and with the added pressure of surging house prices, these additional obstacles can’t be adding to the experience. So where is competition most rife in the UK and why? Rightmove property expert Tim Bannister said: “Our research highlights that as pandemic restrictions have been lifted, competition has increased most in areas just outside Birmingham, Newcastle and Manchester, as more people look to be closer to cities either for work or for their lifestyle.”  READ MORE: Six mortgage tips for first time homebuyers   The town of Shirley in Solihull, just outside of Birmingham, appears to currently be the UK’s number one hotspot for buyers. Enquires on the homes for sale in this West Midlands town have more than doubled to a staggering 143 percent compared to this time last year. As one of the largest areas within the Solihull Borough, Shirley offers good access to road links to Birmingham and London, and boasts a number of “outstanding schools”. Local estate agent Jamie Smart, Director at Smart Homes in Shirley, said the schools were a key reason for the high levels of interest, and one of the key contributors “to the increased competition” for available properties in the area. The asking price for houses in this area averages at around £352,791 - a 10 percent increase from last year.  Jesmond, an upscale suburb of Newcastle-Upon-Tyne, ranks second on the list of hotspots, with interest surging by 141 percent. With good transport links and excellent schools, Greg McCarthy, a valuer at Sanderson Young estate agents in Newcastle, said Jesmond is one of the most desirable areas for buyers in the North East. He said: “Jesmond has, as expected, seen huge demand, as this area is made up of exceptional prime property, often within conservation areas and offering outside space. “With the after-effects of the pandemic, the ‘race for space’ is still evident for this particular marketplace.” The asking price for houses in this area averages around £361,564 - a staggering 23 percent increase compared to last year. DON'T MISS: Property: How to to add ‘significant’ impact to your house value [EXPLAINED]Mould: Best houseplants to get rid of mould in your bathroom [ANALYSIS] How to insulate your house: 5 ways to slash energy bills for under £50 [INSIGHT]     Described as “the Guardian-reading, liberal heart of Manchester”, Chorlton Cum Hardy is a suburb a few miles from the city centre. Enquiries on homes in this area have jumped 138 percent since this time last year, placing it third in the list of UK hotspots. Known for its organic delis, independent bars and restaurants, sustainable lifestyle stores, and wholesome community spirit, this small suburb has been home to many Manchester icons including Morrissey, The Stone Roses, and the Bee Gees. The average asking price for homes in this area comes in at around £355,306, which is six percent more than last year. Now the heart of one of the most thriving parts of Swindon, Stratton in Wiltshire ranks fourth with a 135 percent increase in competition.  Berkshire’s Woodley comes in fifth with 132 percent, and quaint Bedminster in Bristol ranks sixth with a 128 percent increase in enquires now compared to last year. Another Brummie spot makes the top 10 list, as Acocks Green sees a 126 percent surge in interest compared to last year. Moving further south, Tavistock in Devon meets Acocks Green with a 126 percent increase too, while Melksham in Wiltshire falls a tad short with a 123 percent surge. Last but not least, Alnwick in Northumberland takes the 10th spot on the list, also seeing a 123 percent surge in competition. This northeastern market town is known for its picturesque landscapes and Alnwick castle. Harry Potter and Downtown Abbey have both been filmed there - if that gives you an idea of aesthetics.  Rightmove said South London’s Balham is the competition hotspot, with interest surging by 113 percent. Falling just short of Balham is Upminster, a suburban town in East London, seeing competition increase by 108 percent, and Chessington in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames comes in third with a 106 percent increase. This increased competition has actually pushed asking prices up by an average of 11 percent in these hotpots compared to last year. However, Rightmove said: “Price growth in each area varies due to different conditions within each of the local housing markets since the pandemic started.” Rightmove continued: “If you’re looking to buy a home in this fast-moving and competitive market, estate agents are reporting that ‘power-buyers’ – those who have already found a buyer for their current property, subject to contract – are more likely to succeed in securing the property they really want. “The good news is that we’re starting to see more properties come to market amid the busiest-ever spring for the housing market.” 