Emma Brooker (played by Alexandra Mardell) was left heartbroken on Monday when she was forced to end her relationship with Jon Spear (Jordan Ford Silver). The Coronation Street barmaid has been keeping the truth about her involvement with Jon’s grandad Ted’s (Duggie Brown) death from her new lover but the truth is set to come out later on in the week. Will Jon send Emma to prison or will the barmaid exit the ITV soap on a high? In recent scenes, Faye Windass (Ellie Leach) and Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) told Emma she had to break off her romance with Jon. The barmaid told her lover she didn’t want to go to Australia with him like he’d suggested but he insisted she meant more to him than any plans for the future. Emma left the newcomer crushed when she hid her true feelings and told him she wasn’t interested in him anymore. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Alexandra confirmed her character’s exit plot will not see her killed off. Read more: Coronation Street theory: Abi flees with son as Imran wins custody However, the actress teased the future for Emma may not be a happy one. Discussing her exit plot, the Coronation Street star said: “I’m so pleased [to not be killed off] even saying goodbye was hard enough. “But that hope that one day there's a possibility I could go back keeps you going and you think it's not goodbye forever.” “I can see how people stay they're so long,” she continued. “I don't know what the future holds.” Although the Weatherfield resident will leave the cobbles one way or another this week, Emma teased she could be killed off-screen at a later date. “But I'm just so glad that Emma's still alive and hopefully she remains alive,” she said. Later in the week, Jon finds out the truth about Emma’s involvement in Ted’s death from Faye. The grieving grandson will understandably be horrified but will he turn Emma into the police or forgive her? Alexandra confirmed the barmaid will either leave the cobbles without Jon, set off for a new life in Australia with her lover or end up in prison. Opening up on how Emma would deal with a prison sentence, Alexandra noted: “Gosh, it would not be good. DON'T MISSCoronation Street theory: Evelyn Plummer to exit after health scare [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Steve McDonald exits in Emma prison plot? [INTERVIEW]Coronation Street theory: Emma Brooker pregnant as she exits with Jon [INSIGHT] “I feel like she would be targeted straight away. Poor Emma.” If Emma has to pay for her crime will she be killed off-screen in a prison brawl? Looking to the future, the actress said: “But what would be interesting is if she went to prison and came back in the future, how she would have changed, how prison life has changed her.” Meanwhile, the actress reminisced on the storylines she’s been given during her time on the soap. “I’ve been lucky with the stories that I've had,” she remarked. “I think I've been able to show lots of different sides of Emma.” Reflecting on her decision to quit Coronation Street, she said: “It’s really difficult even now I’m like, ‘What have I done?’ “I know it’s right for me but I can see so easily how people stay there for 16 years because it's just such an amazing place to work. “But I just wanted to play another character. As much as I've got to explore Emma in lots of different ways there are some other people I want to try and give a go as well.” Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.