Britain's Got Talent once again had the judges and audiences on their feet with the incredible acts that took to the stage for a chance to impress the judges and become the next winner of the ITV talent show. One act which stunned the judges and brought many watching to tears was the dance group Born to Perform, as they were the third act to be awarded the golden buzzer. Before taking to the stage, the dancers within the group spoke to the camera to explain who they were and what they were there to achieve. One of them said: "Born to Perform is a dance group from Northampton, in the group, there are different disabilities. "I have autism, and Ellie has downs syndrome, we have a barrier in life, but we want to break those barriers today and show the whole world that life is an opportunity for people with disabilities. "Born to Perform gives us an opportunity to be ourselves, and no one judges us." READ MORE: Owain Wyn Evans husband: Who is the BBC Breakfast star married to? Another member of the group explained: "Being in Born to Perform makes me happy, and I really want to win Britain's Got Talent." As they walked on stage, David welcomed them: "Hello and welcome to Britain's Got Talent!" "It is a pleasure to be here," a group member enthusiastically said. "We are Born to Perform, we are a group of people with disabilities, and we are here to show you what we can do." They began their performance and immediately had the judges and audiences up on their feet and clapping along to their dance routine. As their performance came to an end, Alesha Dixon applauded: "Oh guys, your passion is just pouring out, and it is just wonderful to see you did a fantastic job, each and every one of you." Amanda Holden added: "I did not stop smiling for the whole of that performance, you were amazing!" "I didn't like it," Simon Cowell began. "I loved it! I love the fact that you were having such a great time, it was actually one of my favourite auditions I have ever seen." David was last to give his verdict and said: "I absolutely loved it, guys, in fact, I loved it so much that I am going to do this!" before pressing the golden buzzer. DON'T MISS...Simon Cowell 'explodes' at David Williams after jibes about his looks [INSIGHT]Simon Cowell teases 'phenomenal' dog act on Britain's Got Talent [LATEST]BGT dealt another blow as dance appear in final of French series [WATCH] The dancers screamed as they were in shock at what had happened and brought everyone to tears with their happiness and enthusiasm. As the camera panned around the room, Alesha could be seen holding back her tears, while Amanda was wiping away the tears from her face. David walked onto the stage to congratulate the children: "Well done, great stuff, everybody, you are all brilliant. "We are going to see you guys in the live semi-finals, let's hear it one more time for this incredible dance group!" Backstage the team was bursting with energy as they spoke to presenters Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly. One girl was red in the face with emotion and explained: "I am so happy and so emotional to get the golden buzzer." Born to Perform is the third act to receive the golden buzzer, with Amanda awarding hers to singer Loren Allred. Simon gave his golden buzzer to comedian Axel Blake. However, both have come under fire from viewers as they have branded the show a "fix", as both acts have had semi-successful careers before the show. Britain's Got Talent airs Saturday at 8pm on ITV.