Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss are believed to have in principle given the green light for plans to submit a Northern Ireland bill at the start of next month’s parliamentary session. The development has come about owing to concerns from within Downing Street about how the upcoming elections in Northern Ireland could impact relations in Britain. The plans would see ministers awarded unilateral powers to renege on key parts of the protocol. Of these abilities, MPs would be able to switch off border checks on goods travelling between Northern Ireland and Great Britain. Articles five to 10 of the protocol - which make up its legal heart - would be disengaged altogether in a move which would likely infuriate European Union (EU) politicians. The legislation is being discussed before May’s crucial Northern Ireland Assembly elections, which are predicted to be dominated by the nationalist Sinn Fein party.  READ MORE: Emmanuel Macron SNUBS Boris! President speaks to Biden but not PM Northern Ireland’s Government is currently controlled by its mainly protestant and Unionist parties who have all opposed the current protocol. Ministers hope that a new law will provide more favourable terms for the parties and entice them into an agreement. A Government spokesperson confirmed to the FT that “no decisions” had yet been taken and that the “overriding priority continues to be the protection of peace and stability in Northern Ireland”. Last week the Brexit Opportunities minister, Jacob Rees Mogg, told MPs that the UK had the right to take unilateral action if Brussels did not “reform” the protocol.  First, ministers could continue down the path of the current protocol, though this largely doesn’t have the support of MPs in Westminster or Belfast. Since the protocol was agreed to more than two years ago, the UK and EU have been engaged in negotiations for a new pact. But the pace of these has frustrated British MPs with talks between Ms Truss and her EU counterpart, Maros Sefcovic, showing no imminent signs of a breakthrough. As a result, politicians may feel it necessary to take a different route even if it comes at the expense of angering Brussels.  DON'T MISS: Truss calls for 'barbaric' Russia to be thrown off UN Security Council [ANALYSIS]Family of captured Aiden Aslin demand Boris free him from Russia hell [EXPLAINER]Dad 'stabs burglar to death' after watching him raid home on doorbell [NEWS] In October 2019, the UK and EU agreed on a special Brexit deal for Northern Ireland, commonly known as the Northern Ireland Protocol or just the protocol. The deal keeps Northern Ireland within the EU's single market for goods. Consequently, this means that goods can flow freely between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, removing the threat of a "hard border".  However, goods arriving into Northern Ireland from the rest of the UK are not afforded the same luxuries. Instead, they are now subject to checks and control, amounting to what has been referred to as an "Irish Sea border". Article 16 of the protocol sets out the process for taking unilateral "safeguard" measures if either the EU or the UK determines the deal is leading to serious practical problems or causing diversion of trade. In short, those safeguards would result in parts of the deal being suspended. 