Newcastle United could sanction Allan Saint-Maximin's departure this summer with manager Eddie Howe reportedly growing concerned over his wage demands. Wolves are supposedly keen to step in and offer a potential escape route from St James' Park if the situation turns sour, which ropes Tottenham into the equation due to their own summer transfer plans. Saint-Maximin is having another impressive season for the Magpies, having dazzled his way to fan-favourite status since signing from Nice in 2020. Despite his directness and mesmerising footwork, he could not prevent a 5-1 thrashing at the hands of Spurs on Sunday afternoon. As reports circulate suggesting that Howe could shockingly usher the Frenchman towards the exit door this summer, 90min have backed up the claims as Newcastle supposedly harbour 'concerns' over Saint-Maximin's wage demands. The tricky winger is already contracted until 2026 in the north-east but he is allegedly using his superb performances as a springboard to negotiate improved terms. Despite the club's vast riches, the Magpies are reportedly reluctant to play ball, with the Saudi-led consortium set to tighten the purse strings this summer after splashing out in January. JUST IN: Man City hero Shaun Goater names two Pep Guardiola replacements that would annoy Arsenal According to The Daily Mail, Howe has been told that a £60million transfer budget will have to be supplemented by player sales and Saint-Maximin could be one name on the chopping block if his wage dispute rages on. Wolves are believed to be among those to have shown an interest and could meet his demands for a payrise at the end of the season. Bruno Lage has put together an impressive debut campaign as boss and could seek reinforcements out wide as Barcelona loanee Francisco Trincao struggles to make an impact. DON'T MISSArsenal outcast Torreira eyes exit after being 'reborn' at FiorentinaArsenal in five-team battle for Gleison Bremer as Torino set priceArsenal icon Eduardo believes Arteta can emulate Klopp Whether Wolves have the space and the funds to test Saint-Maximin's resolve could, however, depend on the future of Adama Traore. The speedy wide man is in the midst of a six-month loan spell at the Camp Nou although there is no guarantee that Barca will pull the trigger on his £25million buy option. Wolves and Newcastle would seemingly have to rely on Spurs stepping in if both parties are keen to see the Saint-Maximin deal go through. The Lilywhites have been heavily linked with Traore since Antonio Conte took charge, and it remains to be seen whether they will put cash on the table if La Blaugrana pass up the opportunity to sign him and Wolves remain keen to offload. Tottenham's swoop for Traore is far from guaranteed, despite Conte's admiration, given that fellow wing-back option Djed Spence is reportedly on their radar. Matt Doherty's upturn in form has also taken many by surprise and could ease pressure on the Spurs boss to pursue summer recruits. If the stars fail to align for Wolves to move for Saint-Maximin, West Midlands rivals Aston Villa are also believed to be interested and could move for the Frenchman instead.