Louise Minchin joined Michelle Ackerley and Josh Widdicombe on Tipping Point: Lucky Stars in the hope of winning big money for their chosen charities. When former BBC Breakfast host Louise became the second star to be eliminated from the game show, she touched on her husband’s battle with cancer as she spoke to Ben Shephard. Louise made it to the second round of the game and went head-to-head with Josh to get to the final round. However, she answered several questions incorrectly meaning she didn’t get the chance to win as many counters from the machine as she hoped. Josh on the other hand managed to steal a number of counters from the machine and leap-frogged into the lead. As a result, Louise was eliminated from the show but still took £2600 home for her charity. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast guest on Rishi Sunak debate 'Two chancellors' Ben declared: “Louise, sadly we have found your Tipping Point but the good news is you’ve won £2600 for your charity. Can you tell us what it is?” “Oh thank you so much for that,” Louise replied. “You’ve already heard I’m a bit passionate about exercise. “This charity is called Move and it works with people who are suffering with cancer or affected by cancer to get them moving. “My husband had cancer when he was 28 so he would have very much benefitted from a charity like this. “That’s where the money is going.” Ben exclaimed: “What a fantastic charity and I’m thrilled you’ve come to play. Louise Minchin everybody!” Ahead of the episode airing, Louise shared her joy at appearing on the ITV game show. “I am on the telly with these wonderful people in just over an hour.. @benshephard @MichAckerley @joshwiddicombe @ITV @WeAreSTV,” she tweeted. Ben replied to the post: “Ahhhh this was a lot of fun!” DON'T MISS...Louise Minchin denies return to BBC Breakfast after Dan Walker's exit [LATEST]Louise Minchin reacts to Dan Walker quitting after own BBC exit [UPDATE]Louise Minchin on Strictly debut amid show concerns [INSIGHT] While Louise failed to win the show, comedian Josh went on to bag the £20,000 jackpot for his chosen charity. Louise has been been married to husband David since 1998 and the couple live in chester together. The former BBC Breakfast host has two daughters with David and recently left the morning news show. Louise has taken part in several triathlons and completed a lot of charity work in the past. She took part in Around the World in 80 days for Children in Need and is a supporter of charity Missing People. Louise and her husband David have not openly spoken about his cancer battle much in the past. Tipping Point: Lucky Stars is available to catch up on ITV Hub.