BST Hyde Park This summer sees some of music's biggest names descend on London's Hyde Park, including Adele performing her first UK concerts in five years. When: June 24 - July 10 Where: Hyde Park, London Line-up: Elton John, The Rolling Stones, Eagles, Adele, Pearl Jam, Duran Duran, Nile Rodgers & Chic Tickets: From £59.95 More info: bst-hydepark.com ----- Foodies Festival Spanning 12 weekends up and down the country, this is the UK's biggest touring food festival. Come hungry, and sample culinary delights from top chefs, with over 600 cooking demos taking place. When: April 30 - September 18 Where: Various locations Line up: Kate Humble, Atul Kochhar, MasterChef champions, Great British Bake Off winners, plus music from Natalie Imbruglia, Sophie Ellis-Bextor and Gabrielle Tickets: From £19 More info: foodiesfestival.com ----- Dogstival Pooch fans are spoilt for choice with everything from comedy and talks to pup-friendly food and drink on offer. When: June 4-5 Where: Broadlands Estate, Romsey, Hampshire Line-up: Barking Mad Comedy Club, Jubilee Tea Pawty, Barkour (doggy parkour), Pop+Bark Pupuccino Bar Tickets: Adults from £15; kids from £9 More info: dogstival.co.uk ----- Edinburgh Festival Fringe Celebrating its 75th anniversary this year, the Ed Fringe has long showcased emerging talent, with hundreds of acts from comedy to circus and cabaret to spoken word. When: August 5-29 Where: Various locations around Edinburgh Line-up: Stewart Lee, Fern Brady, Jack Docherty, Showstopper! The Improvised Musical, Amazing Bubble Man, Hotel Paradiso Tickets: From free More info: edfringe.com ----- Live at Leeds This brand new Northern festival is not one to miss. With such a great line up of indie acts, the only problem you'll have is who to watch on the day. When: June 4 Where: Temple Newsham Park, Leeds Line-up: Bombay Bicycle Club, The Vaccines, Arlo Parks, Easy Life, Sea Girls, Holly Humberstone, The Pigeon Detectives Tickets: From £55 More info: liveatleeds.com ----- Love Trails If you fancy some fitness with your festival, Love Trails is the world's first running and music festival. Revellers will be spoilt for choice with everything from trail running to yoga, all set in the beautiful Welsh countryside. When: June 30 - July 3 Where: Gower Peninsula, Wales Line-up: Trail running, coasteering, surfing, wild swimming, rock climbing, yoga, DJs, live music Tickets: From £149 More info: lovetrailsfestival.co.uk ----- Y Not With a capacity of 15,000, Y Not is the perfect festival if you want to see big names, but escape the enormous crowds of larger events. A stellar line up of indie music. When: July 29-31 Where: Pikehall, Derbyshire Line-up: Stereophonics, Courteeners, Blossoms, The Kooks, Manic Street Preachers, Nothing But Thieves, The Vaccines Tickets: From £129.50 More info: ynotfestival.com ----- Farmfest This relaxed event is spread across a single field, meaning it's manageable for younger partygoers. There's something for all ages, from live music to traditional tea parties. When: July 29-30 Where: Bruton, Somerset Line-up: Elder Island, Joy Orbison, The Super Pirates Kids' Kingdom, arts and crafts Tickets: Adults, £99; kids, free More info: farmfestival.co.uk ----- Into the Trees A celebration of all things outdoors, kids will love getting back to nature with wildlife workshops, rope swings and acoustic music. When: September 9-11 Where: Pippingford Park, E Sussex Line-up: Campfire cooking, weaving, puppet and mask making, raft building, pottery, kayaking, star gazing, bat detecting, tree climbing Tickets: From £10 More info: into-the-trees.co.uk ----- All Points East Bringing the party once again to East London, expect an exciting and diverse selection of acts, plus the capital's best street food and craft beer. When: August 19-28 Where: Victoria Park, East London Line-up: Gorillaz, The Chemical Brothers, Kraftwerk, The National, Disclosure, Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, Tame Impala Tickets: From £68.55 More info: allpointseastfestival.com ----- Isle of Wight This event knows how to put on a show, and revellers this year won't be disappointed with the line-up, featuring some of the biggest names in rock and pop. When: June 16 - 19 Where: Seaclose Park, Newport Line-up: Muse, Lewis Capaldi, Kasabian, Pete Tong, Nile Rodgers & Chic, Happy Mondays, Madness Tickets: From £80.50 More info: isleofwightfestival.com