In December 1985, Charles and Diana attended a gala performance at the storied venue. Midway through, the Princess quietly left her seat in the Royal Box to grace the stage with dancer Wayne Sleep.  They danced to Billy Joel's “Uptown Girl,” which was Diana's own song choice. Mr Sleep had known the Princess since the early 1980s, when she approached him for dance lessons, he revealed to the Guardian. He couldn't teach her because he was always on tour as a professional dancer, but she later came to him again to propose their big gig. He explained the publication: “It was all top secret.”   Speaking about his equation with Princess Diana on GB news, Mr Sleep recalled: “I got this phone call, because she asked me to teach her but I couldn’t because I was around the world tour for my own show. “They said expect a phone call from Princess Diana so be in place by your phone. “The first time I met her she was in the dance studio and she was in pink tights, leg warmers, jazz shoes, headband and wristbands, very 80s and she came to me and I looked at her and realised how beautiful she was. “My first thought was, she's too tall to dance with me, I'll be a laughing stock. I'm 5ft 2in and she's 5ft 11in.” READ MORE: US columnist questions Meghan Markle's royal title  He continued talking about his first encounter with Princess Diana and said: “And then I said ‘do you mind if I sit down. I had a very late night’ and she was like ‘naughty boy’ and that’s where we clicked and our humour developed. “And that’s what kept us going for 10 years. “Because I think it was the jokes and getting away from the serious part of our jobs. “Then I realised that we could stand it up slightly and so she did a kick on my head, pushed me down, she ran to the corner and I lifted her across the stage. DON'T MISS:Fire crews rush to ‘out-of-control’ caravan set ablaze in large farmGermans urged to save energy and ‘annoy’ Putin Brexit LIVE: 'An outrage' Fury over EU funding betrayal “Every year on the anniversary of her death, every one from the world comes and asks me for snippets, for little conversations about the dance we did together. “I didn’t realise it would become so iconic. She chose the music, Billy Joel's ‘Uptown girl’.” 