An RC-135W Rivet Joint aircraft was spotted over the sea off Ukraine at lunchtime on Friday. Britain budgeted £634 million on three KC-135R vessels which were converted into the a trio of RC-135Ws that entered service in 2014. The 135ft-long plane was picked up by Flightradar24 which showed its course from the UK eastwards towards Berlin before crossing Poland, Slovakia, Hungary and Romania. Its appearance prompted Hans Kristensen, Director of Nuclear Information Project, to tweet: "We haven’t seen this for a while: Brits sending their ambassador back to Ukraine and spy plane deep into Black Sea." Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced on Friday that Britain is to reopen its embassy in Kyiv in a show of support for Ukraine's fight against Russia's invasion. The RC-135W Rivet Joint is an electronic surveillance aircraft that can be employed in all scenarios on strategic and tactical missions.  It has a top speed of 541mph (870km/h), a range of about 3,900 miles (6,500km) and can weigh in at 297,000lb (133,633kg). Its sensors "soak up" electronic emissions from communications, radar and other systems, according to the RAF. RC-135W Rivet Joint employs a weapons system officer and weapons system operator specialists whose mission is to scour the electromagnetic spectrum to pick up intelligence for military commanders. The type originates from Boeing's Dash 80 which was modified into the KC-135A Stratotanker, which entered service for the US Air Force in 1957.  READ MORE ABOUT A MAN CRUSHED TO DEATH Developed under Boeing’s Model 739 series, the first in a long line of RC-135 variants was ordered in 1962. A photographic reconnaissance RC-135A entered service in the mid-1960s. It was followed by the RC-135B - the first of the electronic intelligence gatherers. The RAF flew the final BAe Nimrod R.Mk 1 sortie in 2011 with conversion of KC-135R airframes into RC-135Ws starting the same year. No. 51 Sqn, based at RAF Waddington in Lincolnshire, took delivery of the UK’s first Rivet Joint on November 12, 2013.  DON'T MISS: Man, 36, arrested on suspicion of assaulting emergency worker [REPORT] Royal Family LIVE: 'Is it enough?' Harry opens up about 'struggle' [REVEALED] Dr Shola savages Sophie Wessex and Edward's Caribbean royal tour [LATEST] The second aircraft arrived in August 2015 with a third in June 2017. Rivet Joint aircraft were deployed widely against ISIS jihadists during Operation Shader.   Formally named Airseeker, they are almost universally known as the RC-135W Rivet Joint. On the re-opeing of Britain's embassy, Mr Johnson said that the diplomatic mission would open its doors in the Ukrainian capital from next week. UK ambassador Melinda Simmons is expected to lead the return.  Britain moved embassy staff to the western city of Lviv just before Russian President Vladimir Putin launched his long-expected invasion of Ukraine on February 24. Mr Johnson told a press conference during a visit to India that staff would begin returning to Kyiv thanks to Ukraine repelling Moscow's troops from around the city.   He said: "The extraordinary fortitude and success of President [Volodymyr] Zelensky and the Ukrainian people in resisting Russian forces in Kyiv means that I can today announce shortly, next week, we will re-open our embassy in Ukraine's capital city. "I want to pay tribute to those British diplomats who remained elsewhere in the region throughout this period. "The United Kingdom and our allies will not watch passively as Putin carries on this onslaught." 