Tottenham are just six games from Champions League qualification, having been on a stellar run of form recently in their bid to play in Europe's most premier competition once again. And with a tricky tie away at Brentford, the Italian knows his team selection will be key to success. Express Sport takes a look at their expected XI.  Goalkeeper: Lloris Hugo Lloris has been a mainstay in goal throughout his time at Tottenham, and that is not likely to change for the trip across the capital. The Frenchman has featured in every single minute of the Premier League this season, and has only conceded 38 goals under the watchful eye of Nuno Espirito Santo and Antonio Conte. With Pierluigi Gollini failing to impress, there should be no question as to who will be the man between the sticks. Defence: Romero, Dier, Davies Tottenham's defence was formerly mix-and-match, with a lack of understanding between centre-backs one of the key reasons for their topsy-turvy form. However, Conte's current selection of Christian Romero, Eric Dier and Ben Davies seems to be the winning formula. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims The Argentine star has played in every game since the start of February, Dier has only missed three games all season and Davies has missed one game since Halloween. And with that level of consistency, it is no surprise that Tottenham have won nine of their last 15 Premier League games. Midfield: Emerson Royal, Hojbjerg, Winks, Reguilon Matt Doherty is out with a season-ending injury, so Emerson Royal will continue to fill in on the right-hand side of midfield. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg will be the guts of the midfield, whilst also adding guile to a steely defence. Rodrigo Bentancur could be rested having failed to complete a 90-minute spell for the second time in three games, with Harry Winks being the man to replace him. And Sergio Reguilon's decent performances of recent could see him in the lineup in west London. DON'T MISSWest Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injuryAjax chief lets slip on Erik ten Hag's Man Utd verbal agreement - 'We tried everything'Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims  Attack: Kulusevski, Kane, Son Dejan Kulusevski has been a revelation since he joined the Lilywhites in January. The Swede has three goals and six assists in just 906 minutes of Premier League football - a goal involvement almost every game. And inevitably, he will line up alongside Tottenham's two stalwarts in Harry Kane and Son Heung-min. With a front three as formidable as that, Brentford are seriously going to have their work cut out. 