Real estate agent Maya Vander has been part and parcel of Netflix’s Selling Sunset from the very first episode alongside the likes of Jason and Brett Oppenheim, Mary Fitzgerald and Chrishell Stause to name a few. However, the time has finally come for her to say goodbye to the LA office and head for a new life in Miami, Florida after splitting her time between the two cities over the past few seasons. And it’s fair to say she went out in style as she not only threw an emotional going away party but also secured a “record-breaking” sale in her final scenes. Maya’s farewell came in season five, episode nine, titled Sabotage in Stilettos, as she and the rest of the team gathered to toast her new venture in Miami. “It’s like a goodbye party,” she nervously told Davina Potratz as she entered the venue before giving everyone a goodbye hug. “Congratulations,” Heather Rae El Moussa told her right away while she emotionally told her fellow agents: “Thank you everyone for making it. I’m very touched.” The moment was particularly poignant as it showed the rest of the team putting their own feuds aside to give Maya the farewell she deserved. READ MORE: Selling Sunset's Chrishell Stause shares anxiety over season 5 drama Whether it be Christine Quinn and Chrishell’s rivalry, or newcomer Chelsea Lazkani’s feud with Davina, everyone remained civil for the goodbye do. “We all love Maya,” Heather pointed out while Chrishell also commented: “I love that we can all bond over our love for Maya.” But before Maya said goodbye to her desk in the LA office, she did have one more surprise up her sleeve - a staggering offer for one of Brett’s listings. The six-bed Georgina Avenue property was on the market for $12.995 million and Maya lit up Brett’s eye when she revealed she had a potential buyer willing to offer $12.5 million with zero contingencies. “That’s a record-breaking sale in this neighbourhood,” Brett said as he made the call to his client. Maya commented: “If the clients will agree, it will be a great way to, you know, ‘Okay we closed this listing, go to Miami’.” Brett returned from his call and everyone was elated when he told them: “Maya just sold Georgina for $12.5 million.” As the celebrations died down, Maya took the opportunity to put a more serious tone on proceedings as she opened up to her colleagues about her feelings saying goodbye. DON'T MISS:Bridgerton dealt huge blow as Last Kingdom bags Netflix rating recordLucifer's Tom Ellis lands huge new Netflix role after series finale Harry and Meghan will be 'told by Netflix' to avoid Platinum Jubilee “At the end of the day I know I have to take a break from bouncing to LA and I’m gonna miss you guys,” she said. Speaking to the camera back in the office, she added: “LA will always be home. “It is, in a way, closing a chapter and it’s bittersweet. “But at the same time, I’m very excited to focus on what’s really important in life, which is my family.” Back at the party, things turned emotional as Jason told Maya: “Well, Maya, you were my first agent at this brokerage and I love you, and I’m gonna miss you a lot. Heather similarly seemed choked up as she added: “And Maya, you and I were the first two, and I’ve always looked up to you. “You’re the best mommy and I hope to be an amazing mommy like you. So I love you so much, I’m gonna miss you. I’m so proud of you,” she added as she blew a kiss. Maya signed off her final scene by telling everyone: “Obviously, some of us do not always get along with each other and it is a big family, and you know what, family is not perfect.” Selling Sunset seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix now.