Liverpool will travel to Manchester City on Sunday knowing that a win will take them top of the Premier League and put them in the driving seat for the title with just seven games to go. Having been behind the Citizens since the end of September, the Reds have hit form at just the right time in their hunt for a treble and will aim to do so again in a battle between the two best sides in the top-flight. However, Jurgen Klopp will be faced with a selection headache due to Liverpool's form - something he must decide upon before the weekend. Express Sport takes a look at three dilemmas he has to sort. Luis Diaz or Sadio Mane? Sadio Mane, Roberto Firmino, Mohamed Salah. That trinity has been Liverpool's definitive attack for the majority of Klopp's reign as Reds manager. That is mainly down to the talents of Takumi Minamino, Xherdan Shaqiri and Divock Origi not being anywhere close to the stars that lined-up before them. However, the signings of Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota have posed serious threats to breaking the status quo. Diaz in particular has seriously impressed in the two months he has been on Merseyside after his £41million move from Porto in the January transfer window. And with Mane turning 30 on Monday, now could well be the time to bed Diaz in ahead of the new season whilst he is new before taking the left-wing role from the Senegal star in pre-season.  MUST READ: Arsenal, Man Utd given reason to buy Nunez as he shows clinical side  Diogo Jota or Roberto Firmino? Again, Firmino has been incredible for Liverpool since his move from Hoffenheim in 2015. The Brazilian has recorded 71 league goals and 50 assists in just 228 games on Merseyside. But Jota's incredible form since his move from Wolves at the start of last season has seen game time come at a Premium for Firmino. The Portugal star has registered 33 goals in just 70 games under Klopp due to his ability to play across the front three. He may get the nod at the Etihad - although Firmino's nous and experience in fixtures with a magnitude such as the City clash could see him preferred to the former Wolves star.  MORE CHAMPIONS LEAGUE NEWS...Man City beat Atletico Madrid: Five things we learnedPep Guardiola hails 'special' Man City trio after Atletico winThomas Tuchel demands Chelsea fans 'be better' vs Real Madrid  Naby Keita or Jordan Henderson? Keita will continue to divide opinion between fans and pundits time and time again. The Guinean star has been plagued with injury since his £50m move in 2018, making just 102 appearances at Anfield in three-and-a-half years. However in a game which requires Liverpool to win for their own sake, he could be preferred to Henderson. A case could be made for the captain to step in, especially given the vitality of the fixture. But Keita's superb performance against Porto will give fans hope he can perform on the big stage against the champions.