Prince Harry and Meghan Markle paid a visit to the Queen at Windsor Castle before heading to The Netherlands to kickstart the latest edition of The Invictus Games. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex had not visited the UK together since shortly before they stepped down from their working roles in March 2020. Royal commentator Ingrid Seward suggested that while the visit could be mainly an attempt to mend fences, Meghan and Prince Harry might also be seeking to protect their brand. Speaking to Good Morning Britain, Ms Seward said: "There's no way that she would want, however much Harry and Meghan might've hurt her, it's just not in her makeup to hold that kind of grudge. "It is her grandson, and she's very, very fond of him. Same goes for Prince Charles. "What would be the point of carrying on a sort of no-speaks with your son when he is offering an olive branch. "It's not ideal but it's symbiotic – they basically need the Queen's fairy dust, if you like, for their brand." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG She added: "And she loves him, she's that sort of person, she's very welcoming and there's no point carrying on the row forever, or the disagreement, or the hurt feelings, whatever it is. Her Majesty had not seen her grandson since he last returned to the UK in July 2021 to attend the unveiling of Princess Diana's statue at Kensington Palace. Last month, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle sparked some backlash after failing to return to attend a thanksgiving service in honour of Prince Philip. Most of the Royal Family, including disgraced Prince Andrew, attended the service at Westminster Abbey on March 29, nearly a year after the Duke of Edinburgh's death. READ MORE: Prince Harry will ‘leave Andrew alone’ in memoir out of respect for Eugenie and Beatrice Prince Harry and Meghan Markle both discussed the struggles they faced as senior members of the institution in their infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. During their chat with the talk show host, the pair lamented the lack of support Palace aides showed as they both complained about the pressure they were facing. The Duchess of Sussex said: "I went to the institution. And I said that I needed to go somewhere to get help. DON'T MISS "I said, I never felt this way before and I need to go somewhere. I was told that I couldn't. That it wouldn't be good for the institution." She added: "I remember this conversation like it was yesterday, because they said, 'my heart goes out to you because I see how bad it is. But there's nothing we can do to protect you because you're not a paid employee of the institution'. "This wasn't a choice. This was emails begging for help, saying very specifically, 'I am concerned for my mental welfare'. "And people going, 'yes, yes, it's disproportionately terrible to what we see out there to anyone else', but nothing was ever done."