Killing Eve is over, and fans don't know what to do with themselves now that it has finished and there is a bullethole shaped void in their lives, especially with the show ending in such a shocking way. Luke Jennings, the writer of the books that the hit BBC show is based on, has also spoken out on the show's ending and said it might not be the end of assassin Villanelle (played by Jodie Comer). Warning: this article contains spoilers for season four. Season four aired last month, airing its eight episodes weekly, and fans slowly reached the concluding chapter of the popular thriller. Just when it was looking to end on a positive note for the killer enemies turned romantic couple Villanelle and Eve (Sandra Oh), the fairytale was ripped away from viewers. In the closing scene, Villanelle was killed by orders delivered by Carolyn Martens (Fiona Shaw), and the shot ends with Villanelle's lifeless body, with several gunshot wounds floating to the bottom of the Thames and Eve screaming into the evening. Having just taken out the infamous 12 who had controlled her life for so many years, her sense of freedom was short lived. Read More: Piers Morgan in fresh attack on ITV day before return: 'They lost their bottle' "As an author, it's a thrill having your work adapted for TV, as my Killing Eve novels were," author Luke said. Although very grateful he opened up to The Guardian about the characters going in a different "direction", he continued: "You're never going to love everything the screenwriting team does, that's a given. "You're too close to the characters. You've lived with them in your head for far too long. But it's a thrill to see your story taken in unexpected directions..." The impactful conclusion was a talking point online for days, and although he wanted to leave a lasting impression, it was the "walking into the sunset" ending he would have liked. He added: "But the season four ending was a bowing to convention. A punishing of Villanelle and Eve for the bloody, erotically impelled chaos they have caused." Touching on how powerful it was to have "same-sex lovers" finally come to terms with who they are and who they are, only to have them killed off made it very "fleeting." He thought that it would be "much more darkly satisfying and true to Killing Eve's original spirit" if the pairing was to walk off into the sunset, adding: "That's how it seemed to me when writing the books." The book is called Codename Villanelle and is 2017 thriller novel which is a compilation of four serial ebook novellas published between 2014 to 2016. DON’T MISS…Prince Charles ‘at end of tether’ with Harry and ‘was not happy’ about meeting with Queen [LATEST]Nicole Scherzinger sparks backlash over reaction to Rudy Giuliani on The Masked Singer [LATEST]‘Throw him over the balcony!’ Eamonn Holmes savages Harry after ‘protecting’ Queen remark [LATEST] Luke concluded: "I learned the outcome of the final episode in advance and suspected, rightly, that fans would be upset. But to those fans, I would say this: Villanelle lives. And on the page, if not on the screen, she will be back." A writer on series four, Kayleigh Llewelyn, also told The Metro that the show could have ended in a different way. She said: "Well, when I was hired, it originally wasn’t going to be the final season, there was going to be another one. "That was a decision that was made during the process, so that was a big change." Fans are still coming to terms with the season finale, with @killingsoph tweeting: "I am still reeling from the finale…I thought this s**t would get easier, but it doesn’t. I just miss them so much and am still disgusted by how Laura Neal [Show writer] treated their relationship and ended Villanelle’s life. #KillingEve." @chaum4 added: "What a mess. This is the worst! Why would you plan a spin off when it's obvious that killing eve need a season five to close properly the story! We have to fight for a season five." (sic) @folkloresmp3 said: "I wish I could watch the first season of #killingeve for the first time again." Killing Eve is available on BBC iPlayer.