Mr Starmer appeared on Tuesday's Lorraine, where the ITV host challenged the party leader about Labour's "failure" to hold the leading government to account. Starmer insisted the party were doing "what we can" and explained how they initially went about claims Johnson had broken lockdown rules. "He gets away with it," Kelly told Starmer, adding: "It would appear that one party was basically the head of the conga line. "That was what was going on, but he gets away with it all the time." She asked: "Why are you and why is your party not doing better to hold him to account and to hold his party to account?" "Well we're doing what we can," Starmer replied. "We started on this in a series of Prime Minister's Questions. READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series "I knew we had to build the case week by week, I could see that. "So the first week, all I could put to the Prime Minister was 'you were at this party'. "To which he says, 'no, the rules were complied with, there were no parties'. "You may remember the Allegra Stratton video which everybody saw, of course, she resigned. "She did the decent thing, I don't think she even attended a party but she resigned." It comes after Johnson and chancellor Rishi Sunak were fined last week over breaches of the lockdown restrictions throughout the pandemic. The ongoing Metropolitan Police investigation into 12 illegal parties held at Downing Street during lockdown has unearthed Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s attendance at one so far. Mr Johnson was issued a fixed penalty notice of £100, however, the Prime Minister is believed to have attended six out of the 12 - meaning more fines could be imminent. DON'T MISS... Adil Ray explodes over Johnson lies 'Tear up ministerial code!?' [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast viewers fume over Brandon Lewis's defence of Johnson [LATEST]Jessica Cunningham opens up on life after The Apprentice [EXCLUSIVE] Many are calling for Mr Johnson to resign, as opposition parties believe he deliberately misled parliament, which would break Ministerial Code. Several took to social media to give their view on the interaction with Lorraine. Twitter user @HatchetGA wrote: "OMG!! Listening to Keir Starmer on #lorraine is painful. "If this is the best any opposition can do to ‘challenge’ a sitting party then god help the UK. #Labour seem to be constantly clutching at straws and lack substance." @PGUK78 penned: "Already @Keir_Starmer is winding me up on @lorraine @reallorraine said to him he had an open goal waiting for him… and he just ummed and ahhed through it. "He needs to be strong enough ready to take him down. The country needs someone to defend us from Johnson. #lorraine." @Stepharrnee shared: "Starmer bravely going on #Lorraine knowing he'll get roasted by all her difficult questions..." @JayHBaker94 agreed: "Nice to see Keir Starmer doing the difficult interview with Lorraine... #Lorraine." "#lorraine I don’t really buy into the fact Starmer is sitting there a complete hypocrite spouting out sob stories when there was a picture of him having a drink and pizza in a work situation. Dear god give us a break," @janey656 posted. (sic) @formerlyMissY stated: "Starmer coming off really well on #Lorraine." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.