There are lots of well-known interior design tricks for making a small room look bigger – from storage cunningly built into furniture to huge mirrors on the walls or optical illusions like stripey rugs on the floor. But have you thought about the importance of lighting in helping to create a sense of space? Michael Meiser from lighting specialists Lumilum has shared his tips on how to use lighting to create the illusion of more space in your property. When a space is meant to fulfil multiple functions, it’s easy for it to feel overcrowded. But great lighting can not only help differentiate between these zones but create the illusion of more space. Michael said: “With some clever design tricks, you can use your lighting to distribute more light around your space and make it feel much larger than it is. “Use mirrors or shiny surfaces to help reflect light, too. READ MORE: Interior: Avoid adding a shoe rack to your bedroom - ‘negative energy’ “Place mirrors across from lights or at a 90-degree angle for the best results. “LED lights are especially effective to create the illusion of space because they offer a more direct distribution of lights, rather than diffusing it.” The lighting expert has also shared tips on how you can use lighting to create flexible spaces around the home. He explained how layering different types of lighting in spaces allows homeowners to create zones for comfort or utility - and even make an impact with design. However, it is important to consider the functions you need your space to fulfil before choosing the best lighting for you. DON'T MISS: Pruning hydrangeas: ‘Easy’ way to prune these ‘lovely flowers’ [TIPS]What to do with your daffodils once they've finished flowering [INSIGHT]Garden pests: How to avoid a rat infestation in your garden [COMMENT] Michael said: “Overhead lighting is ideal for hard-working spaces like a kitchen or office, where you want to work on tasks without your shadow getting in the way. “If your kitchen also needs to serve as a dining room, or your office as a bedroom, it’s simple enough to use lighting to transform the feel of the space. “LED lighting or spotlights are ideal for bright overhead lighting in a kitchen while under-counter LED strip lighting or a pendant light with a dimmer switch can help make a dining space feel more intimate. “If you’re using a bedroom as an office space, use lamps around the room to create a more relaxing atmosphere once you’ve finished work for the day.” The expert explained that the colour of light bulbs can instantly change the mood of any room. He said: “Cool and bright bulbs are a perfect fit for the kitchen or workspaces because they mimic daylight. “These bulbs however can be harsh on your eyes when you’re looking to relax, so add in warm tone light bulbs in lamps to create a cosy feeling come sunset. “If you have a combined work and living space, it may seem difficult to switch off after a day of work. Switching off your bright overhead lighting, and turning on warmly lit lamps, is a great way to signify a switch in your space’s function. “Floor lamps are ideal if you don’t want bright overhead lights on, but still want some direct light while you work on tasks.” For those who want to make a statement in their homes, bold lighting can really help. Michael said: “A bold light over a dining table or kitchen island in an open plan home not only provides plenty of lighting but can help signify that this is a different zone. “In an office space, consider a bold floor lamp, which can offer the brightness of an overhead lamp directly over your workspace, without changing up the lighting in the rest of the space. For a really fun option, consider colour changing LED strip lighting. “These work particularly well if you have an alcove dedicated to your desk or dressing table, that you’d like to differentiate from the rest of your space. “These lights give you the option of changing the colour of your lighting depending on your mood, adding a wow factor to your space.”