This summer, Manchester United need a new striker. Cristiano Ronaldo can’t go on forever, Edinson Cavani is expected to leave and question marks remain over the long-term futures of Mason Greenwood and Anthony Martial. So, with that being the case, Erik ten Hag has reportedly requested the signing of Darwin Nunez. Manchester United will need a new striker at the end of the campaign as they plan for a brighter future with Ten Hag at the helm and set their sights on reeling in the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool. Ronaldo could leave at the end of the season, with the Portugal international never once strutting his stuff in the Europa League over the course of his glittering career. United are already resigned to losing Cavani for free, 12 months after they were able to persuade the Uruguay international into staying put. Greenwood’s future is uncertain due to a police investigation, while all signs point to United cashing in on Martial following his drastic loss of form over the past 18 months. And reports have claimed that, with Ten Hag having all of that to contend with, the 52-year-old has asked for the signing of Benfica striker Nunez. His statistics suggest his potential arrival would be one to excite supporters, with the 22-year-old bagging 33 goals from 39 appearances for Benfica this term. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz He’s helped the Portuguese giants recover from the departure of Joao Felix to Atletico Madrid nearly three years ago, while also enhancing his reputation as one of world football’s best young players. At the age of 22, time is on Nunez’s side to get even better. And with Ten Hag coaxing the best from Sebastien Haller at Ajax, the Dutchman seems to have the credentials to help the Uruguayan scale even greater heights in the years to come. Nunez, out of all the strikers being linked, seems to be the best possible target for Ten Hag as he plans out his rebuild. Initially, United had intended to join the race for Erling Haaland this summer. Despite being rebuffed by the Borussia Dortmund star in January 2020, the Red Devils were hopeful they could convince him into moving to Old Trafford. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag However, after a dreadful campaign under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, priorities have changed. Harry Kane will cost too much and most likely wouldn’t leave Tottenham for a team outside of the Champions League and with just three trophies from the last nine years. Haaland will go elsewhere, with Manchester City and Real Madrid now the frontrunners for the Borussia Dortmund star. Alexander Isak hasn’t been as good for Real Sociedad as he was a year ago, with the Sweden international struggling for consistency. And while United have been credited with an interest in Haller, it seems unlikely he’ll be top of their wishlist. Meanwhile, former Chelsea star Tony Cascarino believes Ten Hag should focus on signing players from the Premier League. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And he’s named Kane and Wilfried Zaha, who previously flopped at Old Trafford, as players worth chasing. “Erik ten Hag should focus on bringing in players who are already proven this summer, rather than obsessing over potential,” Cascarino told The Times. “The best example of that is Harry Kane – a striker who would be a typical United signing. “Signing Kane depends on whether Tottenham Hotspur fail to make the top four, but United should at least try for the England captain. “With Erling Haaland seemingly set for Manchester City, Kane’s options if he wants to leave Tottenham are limited. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Kane could provide the kind of lift that Robin van Persie did when he moved to United from Arsenal in 2012 and helped them win the Premier League in Sir Alex Ferguson’s last season in charge. “Other proven top-flight players I would target are Kalvin Phillips at Leeds United and Yves Bissouma at Brighton, either of whom could slot into United’s midfield. “Crystal Palace’s Wilfried Zaha would also be a clever signing for United. “I know it didn’t go according to plan for him during his first spell at Old Trafford but he has matured since leaving and has been playing at a high level for years now – he could provide competition to Jadon Sancho and shouldn’t have any problems with Ten Hag’s system as the Dutchman trusts his wingers. “Ten Hag may also look at poaching Lisandro Martinez from Ajax. The Argentina defender is composed on the ball and has been an ever-present for Ten Hag’s Ajax side this season.”