India has so far refused to take an official position on the ongoing conflict in Ukraine but has faced criticism for its continued purchase of Russian oil despite the sanctions other world leaders have imposed. ITV reporter Anushka Asthana challenged Boris Johnson over reports he failed to push for Narendra Modi to use his influence on Vladimir Putin to pressure Moscow into standing down. Speaking at a press conference during the Prime Minister's visit to India, Ms Asthana said: "You say that Prime Minister Modi has asked Vladimir Putin what on earth he's doing.  "But we know India has abstained on key motions at the UN over this. "His Foreign Secretary has just come out and said you didn't put any pressure on India to change his position. "Why isn't that? What did the Prime Minister say to convince you more pressure is not necessary?" Mr Johnson conceded India is unlikely to give up decades of close collaboration with Russia but insisted the UK is committed to strengthening its relationship with New Dehli to limit Moscow's influence. JUST IN: Putin's plot to invade Moldova as 'second stage' of brutal invasion laid bare He said: "The position on Russia that the Indians have historically is well known. "They're not going to change that, of course it's true. But they can see what is going on and there is an increasing appetite to do more with the UK. "If you look at what...just in the security and defence side of it, on maritime propulsion of ships, collaboration on new engines, on undersea capabilities, on cyber, helicopter space...a huge new joint agenda. "That is being driven by contemporary events and I think it's a positive thing, and a great opportunity. READ MORE: 'What the heck are you talking about?' Dr Shola erupts at Vine caller defending 'liar' PM "And what it does is help drive the make in India agenda of Prime Minister Modi but also drive the idea of co-production, and doing things together. And that's where I think the opportunity is." India has been closely aligned with Moscow since the Cold War, with New Dehli's military still relying heavily on Russia-produced armoury and weapons. A 2017 poll by the Levada Centre in Moscow found India included in the list of Russia's top five "friends" in the world alongside China, Belarus, Kazakhstan and Syria. All five countries either voted against or abstained from votes at the United Nations Security Council condemning Russia's invasion of Ukraine in February. DON'T MISS: EU tries to bully Britain with ultimatum for UK-based scientists [REVEAL] Archaeologists left baffled by grim Roman discovery made in Wales [INSIGHT] Study reveals risk of heart problems after Moderna or Pfizer vaccines [REPORT] Speaking to the press following Mr Johnson's meeting with Prime Minister Modi, Indian Foreign Minister Harsh Vardhan Shringla said: "Prime Minister Johnson shared his perspective on it, Prime Minister Modi shared ours - which is that the Russia-Ukraine war should end immediately. "There was no pressure of any kind." Foreign Secretary Shringla said India could seek Britain's support on electric propulsion systems for naval ships and jet propulsion systems for planes. The focus was on "co-development and co-production" of defence equipment, he said. But Mohan Guruswamy, a director of the Centre for Policy Alternatives in New Delhi, said India would remain reliant on Russian military equipment, partly because it is cheaper.