The cost of travelling abroad can quickly add up once your flights, seats and luggage are booked, so making the most of your free cabin bag allowance is crucial if you’re on a tight budget. While carry-on luggage can be packed carefully to eliminate the need for a hold bag, size limits and airline rules make it hard to know exactly how much you can take on board. These are the hand luggage size rules for British Airways, WIZZ and Virgin Atlantic. All British Airways (BA) passengers are allowed to carry one piece of hand luggage on board free of charge. Current rules state that the cabin bag must not exceed 56x45x25cm including any wheels or handles. The carry-on luggage must not exceed 23kg, though passengers are entitled to a second, smaller bag while travelling with BA. Read More: Spain tightening checks on British tourists crossing from Gibraltar British Airways states that the small item must be no bigger than 40x30x15cm. Examples include a small backpack, handbag, or an airport purchase. If any of your hand baggage is over the size or weight limit, or you have more hand baggage than your allowance, you will need to check it in. This will then count towards your checked baggage allowance, and could cost you an extra fee. When flying with WIZZ Air, each person can bring one free carry-on bag which must be small enough to be placed under the seat in front. The maximum size allowed for a cabin bag is 40x30x20 cm. Passengers who want to upgrade their luggage allowance can do so through WIZZ Priority. The airline states that those who purchase WIZZ Priority service are entitled to bring a free carry-on bag (max. size 40x30x20cm) and an extra “trolley bag”. Trolley bags must not exceed 55x40x23cm, with or without wheels. If you do not purchase WIZZ Priority and your cabin bag exceeds these dimensions, you will be charged an oversize fee at the airport. DON'T MISSFlight attendant says 'clothes pouches' are 'smartest' way to pack [INSIGHT]Check your passport! 4 key passport checks to make before travelling [EXPLAINED]Manchester Airport is 'absolute carnage' for Bank Holiday weekend [PICTURES] Passengers flying in Virgin’s economy or premium cabins are allowed to take one piece of hand baggage onto the plane, free of charge. The airline states that cabin bags must weigh no more than 10kg. All Upper Class passengers can take up to two pieces of hand baggage per person, weighing up to 12kg for one bag, or up to 16kg combined weight. For example, you could take a 12kg bag and another little bag of 4kg. Whichever cabin you’re in, the size of your bag needs to be a maximum of 23x36x56cm Virgin Atlantic also allows additional items on board, including: Luggage dimensions are strictly regulated by airlines, but it’s not the only thing that will be checked before you travel. The contents of your hand luggage is also limited, with tight limits on carrying liquids on board. Government guidance states that liquids carried in your hand luggage must hold no more than 100ml and should be carried in a single, transparent, resealable plastic bag. Before travelling, you should ensure that: Your cabin bag contains no more than one litre of liquid in total All liquids are kept in one plastic bag which is sealed not tied – it must be able to fully seal with the liquids stored in it The plastic bag measures approximately 20x20cm You should be able to take liquids with you on the plane if you’ve bought them at the airport, for example, in duty-free. You must keep a receipt for these and keep them sealed in the airport’s security bag.