The Prime Minister has lashed out at the Russian treatment of two captured British men Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48 in Ukraine. Boris Johnson slammed the Russian military for treating the two prisoners as hostages after they were captured during the battle for the city of Mariupol. Mr Johnson told TalkTV: "Aiden and other UK nationals who have been fighting for the Ukrainian Armed Forces who get captured are not hostages, they're not there to be swapped, you know, as though they were terrorists or whatever. "They are prisoners of war and they are therefore entitled to rights under the Geneva Convention. "They should not under the laws of war be paraded in front of the cameras. "They should not be made to give hostage videos that is a breach of their rights as prisoners of war." JUST IN: 'Putin on brink: Exiled oligarch says next round of sanctions to deliver 'serious blow  Facebook is to take down a video of captured British soldier Aiden Aslin being taunted with the death penalty, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said. Mr Aslin was captured while fighting with Ukrainian armed forces against Russia. Mr Johnson said the removal comes after Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries spoke to Sir Nick Clegg, vice president of global affairs at Facebook's parent company Meta and the UK's former Deputy Prime Minister. Mr Johnson told TalkTV: "Nadine Dorries rang Facebook earlier today, she rang Nick Clegg, and as I understand the matter Nick has agreed to take that down."  The Prime Minister did not rule out a prisoner swap to free the Britons but said his Government could not "pre-empt" what decisions may be made by Ukraine's leaders. The family of Mr Aslin want Russia to free him after he appeared in a video asking to be part of a prisoner swap in exchange for pro-Russian politician Viktor Medvedchuk, held by Ukraine. On the chances of a prisoner swap, Mr Johnson told The News Desk on TalkTV: "We will do what we can. Clearly it is for the Ukrainians. "They have the other individual who is part of the equation. We can't really pre-empt what they may decide." Russia's foreign ministry has accused Britons captured fighting with the Ukrainian armed forces in Mariupol of being "mercenaries". In a statement posted on social media, Russian Federation ministry of foreign affairs spokeswoman Maria Zakharova claimed the UK Government had "disavowed the British subjects who have fallen victim to British propaganda and went to Ukraine as mercenaries to kill people there". The statement went on to say that Russia was taking care of British captives, who also include 48-year-old Shaun Pinner. Urging the UK to cease the delivery of weapons to Ukraine, the Russian foreign ministry statement said of British prisoners: "They are given food and drink, as well as any other assistance they may need, just as the other foreigners who have surrendered or have been detained."