Ralf Rangnick's successor at Manchester United will have to operate on a strict transfer budget of around £67million after UEFA voted through their new Financial Sustainability regulations. Even that war chest could shrink to around £20m if United lose further revenue by not qualifying for the Champions League. Going forward, clubs will only be allowed to spend 70 percent of their income on their “squad” - the sum of wages, agent fees and transfer outlay - or face “strict financial and sporting sanctions”. As an ease-in period, UEFA are allowing the figure to be 90 percent of revenue from this June - £419m in United’s case - and 80 percent next summer. Having spent £29m on agents last year on top of a £323m wage bill, it means United could risk being penalised if they spend more than £67m in the market. The new scheme replaces Financial Fair Play and has three central “pillars” - solvency, stability and the cost control outlined above. UEFA will check every quarter that bills are being paid as part of the first pillar and clubs must lose no more than £50m over a three-year-period to be considered “stable”. As well as financial penalties, clubs breaking the rules could be forced to operate with a reduced squad size or have points deducted. READ MORE: Benzema proves Rio Ferdinand wrong as Real Madrid star bags Chelsea hat-trick  There is also a move, not yet voted upon, to give UEFA the power to “relegate” teams from the Champions League to the Europa League, and so on. UEFA President Aleksander Ceferin says he is "happy and surprised" that the new rules have the backing of all stakeholders in European football. “These regulations will help us protect the game and prepare it for any potential future shock while encouraging rational investments and building a more sustainable future for the game,” he added. The Euro 2028 bid process was not on the formal agenda for the executive committee meeting in Nyon but is understood to have been discussed. The four home nations and Ireland have declared their interest, with Italy putting in for the 2032 tournament. Turkey, and more controversially Russia, have registered their own bids for both. DON'T MISSLiverpool have Carvalho deal 'done' with £7.7m fee agreed for summer signing [GOSSIP]Chelsea's Mount has defiant message for Real Madrid - 'If anyone can do it, it's us' [INTERVIEW]Thierry Henry's puzzled reaction when Micah Richards compared Benzema to Harry Kane [TV]  “I won’t comment on any bids, a UK bid or any other bids, but we are discussing it and you will have the answer very soon," Ceferin said. And on Russia’s continued membership of UEFA, even though their teams have been banned, Ceferin added: "There are considerations about many things these days. Day by day, hour by hour, the situation is changing. “Again I would not be a serious UEFA president if I would first speak to the media and then speak to the Exco or general assembly or whoever.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here