The Duke of York's central role in escorting the Queen to the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service has raised the prospect of Andrew putting in an appearance during the Platinum Jubilee weekend. The disgraced royal, who just weeks ago paid millions out of court to settle a civil sexual assault case with a woman he said he had never met, accompanied the monarch to her seat in a shock move in Westminster Abbey on Tuesday. Andrew had been banished from royal life, first bowing out of royal duties in 2019 after his disastrous Newsnight appearance over his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. Nine Honey's royal correspondent Natalie Oliveri said: "I think it will really backfire for the Royal Family. "This is not going to be a good look if Prince Andrew does accompany his mother to the Epsom later this year. "It will certainly leave a lot of people angry and of course, the memorial service last week but this is another example of Prince Andrew really trying to revive his ruined reputation. "Some fear that he's trying to wedge himself in as the Queen's unofficial advisor now that Prince Philip, who was the Queen's long time confident, has gone. READ MORE: Prince Andrew ‘to accompany Queen' on Platinum Jubilee weekend "There are reports that Prince Andrew will be at the Epsom Derby to help his mother with mobility issues now that's why he took such a prominent role at Philip's memorial. "Andrew is not meant to have any official role in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. "However, it looks like he could force his way in there which will no doubt be another scandal for the monarchy which it certainly doesn't need." This January, Andrew was stripped of his honorary military titles and patronages by the Queen and forced to relinquish using his HRH style amid his legal battle. Virginia Giuffre was suing him for allegedly sexually assaulting her when she was 17 after being trafficked by Epstein, claims he always denied. At the time, Buckingham Palace said: "The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen." On Tuesday, Andrew was front and centre of Philip's official memorial service, with his mother holding onto his elbow as they made their way via the shortest route into the Abbey to remember Philip. DON'T MISS Meghan would 'never' get publicity increase without Harry [INSIGHT]Owen Jones blasts the Queen as 'WRONG' on Andrew [VIDEO]US TV host slammed for comparing Will Smith's Oscar slap to Meghan [ANALYSIS] At the Jubilee service of thanksgiving in St Paul's Cathedral on June 3 is considered to be a family occasion, Andrew could be among the congregation, alongside other non-working royals. Royal expert Joe Little, of Majesty magazine, suggested: "I think he will be there. "Although the Queen is head of state, she is also head of the family as well and in that capacity, all her children should be with her." He added the Royal Family may take stock following the media's response to Andrew's role in Philip's service. Mr Little said: "It is a hard one to predict. It will depend on how the Royal Family reacts to some of the newspapers' front pages today. "Of course, they're not known to react in the way that you think they might."