A further 10 percent (329 people) answered “no” and just one percent (27 people) said they did not know. Thousands of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers engaging in a lively debate. Username Quinn603 said: “Yes, it is Brexit in name only. We may have actually left the EU, but it was never going to be a full Brexit unless we get a true Brexiteer in number 10 then we are stuck with what we have.” Username JL77 said: “Absolutely. He has delivered BRINO, not Brexit.” And username Young Barr took the same view, commenting: “BRINO without a doubt.”  He told Express.co.uk readers: “We have left the institutions of the EU but have stayed very closely aligned to it.” As a result, some felt that the UK was still being restricted by the EU. Username MoggHasNoBenefits said: “This isn't the Brexit I was promised…I'm on the brink of rage, as I am still shackled by the EU.” Username imppy55 wrote: “Of course it's in name only. They are keeping us tied to the EU by the back door in every way they can.” Mr Habib also said Brexit was a “broken promise”, and called on Mr Johnson to “take back control”. Username an1mal said: “Yes I think Boris has not delivered Brexit at all, we are even tied into the EU with EU debt that they invested in the UK businesses.” And username "." said: “Boris certainly hasn’t delivered Brexit.” While username System147! Said: “Of course it's in name only. The establishment never wanted Brexit and to them it's a nuisance to be managed.” DON'T MISS:Lord Frost warns 'ultra-Remainers' are plotting to drag Brexit Britain closer to Brussels [LATEST]Brexit: Irish PM launches sensational attack on Frost for 'undermining' EU deal [LIVE BLOG]Boris Johnson escalates explosive row with Putin as he blasts horrific scenes in Ukraine [UPDATE] Username JollyDodger1 wrote: “He has delivered exactly what was on the referendum ballot. We have left the EU. Nothing more, nothing less.” Username Saoutchik said: “You were not asked what ‘type’ of Brexit you wanted, merely to Leave or Remain.” And Username RemainerRon said: “At no point has the public voted on how we left the EU and with what deal.” While username RoyBoy1said: “Boris is trying hard to convince the public that we have left, however, it is in name only. No one voted for anything else except what was on the ballot paper.” Others thought that Brexit had still been achieved Username StuartEllis1 said: “Boris has delivered Brexit of a sort – much better than BRINO but well short of a complete exit.”