Jasmine Harman, 46, took to Instagram last week to show her followers to awful weather conditions in Spain while she was filming. The A Place in the Sun presenter took to social media again yesterday in sunny England to discuss the "worst episode ever" while soaking up the UK bank holiday sun. Jasmine posted the short video on Instagram in view of her 104,000 followers. She can be seen with the sun glaring down on her, while she shades herself with her large sunglasses. The presenter said: "After enduring what was possibly the worst episode ever in 18 years on A Place in the Sun in terms of weather last week in Spain, it's so nice to be able to enjoy the rarest of all rare weather phenomenons which is a sunny bank holiday in the UK. "Has this ever happened before? It's so nice!" READ MORE: 'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands She continued: "Ooh and although the start of last week was absolutely dreadful both in terms of weather and properties, wait till you see the end of it. "It turned out very unexpected." She captioned the last video clip: "Can't wait for you to see the episode filmed last week!" Jasmine's comments come after she filmed in Costa Blanca last week, which was hit with rain and heavy winds. While standing on the Torrevieja promenade on January 4, Jasmine laughed and exclaimed: "It’s just getting worse and worse! Look at this..." She turned the camera to show the waves crashing onto the coast as the wind could be heard roaring in the background. The windswept presenter continued: "I've never seen waves quite like it," before introducing the couple hoping to find their holiday home. Jasmine, who was wrapped in a hoodie and a big coat at this point, turned to them and asked: "We are having fun aren’t we guys?! Is this what you were expecting from A Place In The Sun?" DON'T MISS... Danni Menzies forced to step in as a 'therapist' on A Place In The Sun [COMMENT] Judi Dench on ruling out marriage with partner of 11 years David Mills [INSIGHT] Catherine Zeta-Jones posts pic of husband and kids in family reunion [INSTAGRAM] The couple still had smiles on their faces and cheerfully replied: "Oh yes! Living the dream!" To which Jasmine echoed: "Living the dream in the wind and rain and the freezing cold, but there you go. They are good sports!" She then shared another clip of the rough sea and joked whether any of her followers "fancied a dip". Later in the day Jasmine shared an update that confirmed the weather had not improved. She posted a snap of herself wearing a summer dress and heels as she fought with an umbrella to stop it from blowing away. Nevertheless, she still had a smile on her face and captioned the photo: "So we’re enjoying the glorious Spanish weather this fine Monday morning! "I know you’re all dead jealous!!! #StillSmiling." One social media user, John, wrote: "Well done on standing up to it but of course for a hardy English girl it's just a mere puff of wind." Another, Gaz, quipped: "Thanks, but I’ll stay in the UK for the moment!"