And just when Chancellor Rishi Sunak had stepped back from the cliff edge over greencardgate he too gets a Fixed Penalty Notice for partying when he should have been isolating. Let's just repeat that again to appreciate the full resonance. The Prime Minister of Great Britain Boris Johnson and his Chancellor Rishi Sunak have received Fixed Penalty Notices from the police for breaking Covid laws - laws introduced by, er, themselves.  The notices are actually issued by the ACRO Criminal Records Office following the referrals from the Metropolitan Police Service. So that's criminal record and Prime Minister in the same sentence. And a Prime Minister lest we forget who assured us no laws had been broken. It's jaw-dropping. Opposition members are quite foaming at the mouth clamouring for an Apprentice-like double firing! (Double resignation at least). Britain with neither a PM nor a chancellor by tea-time? Don't bet on it. Boris has a war to win and he's not about to let a minor irritant like a fine for breaking his own law get in the way of his place in history. His Chancellor however may not be so resilient. Everyone who receives a Fixed Penalty Notice of course has the option of contesting the alleged offence, or they can suck it up and pay a fine. How Messrs Johnson and Sunak intend to proceed was unknown at time of writing. In truth the absolute seriousness of the alleged offence can be debated (and indeed before there was a European war going on was being debated) ad infinitum. But whatever your take Boris's position in No10 just became a lot closer to untenable. He's shrugged off seemingly intractable accusations in the past but as Keir Starmer was lightning quick to point out: "Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. They must both resign." And for once he really has a point. Can the country really be run by a man who not only breaks his own laws but is such a double numpty he gets caught? And will Rishi, who we are told was only hours away from quitting over the furore over his wife's tax affairs now think the game is not worth the candle and repair to one of his luxury homes to count his money? Only Boris, Rishi and the entire Tory Party - the only people of course who can immediately challenge the PM's position - can know the answer to this. You might wish to make your own feelings known in the local elections on May 5 of course. 