Spiders often invade households during the autumn months where they search for a mate and somewhere to nest. This often occurs during the months of September and October. However, speaking on ITV’s This Morning today, Lynsey explained that Britons are already seeing spiders in their homes due to the mild winter weather. The British Arachnological Society said all houses have spiders in them, with most going unnoticed because they hide away behind furniture and curtains. However, with more and more households seeing spiders earlier this year, Lynsey suggested using preventative methods now. The cleaning expert said: “So the reason they’re out earlier is because we’ve had such a mild winter so you may be noticing hay fever symptoms are a lot worse this year because there’s so much more pollen, so this is why. “I even had one in the hallway the other day, it was huge.” READ MORE: Simple, effective and cheap way to kill garden weeds using cardboard Lynsey explained that preventing spiders from entering the home is “key” and often easier than getting rid of them. She said: “It sounds really silly but simple things like taking your shoes off, taking your bag off is good because they can be on you and you may not know it. “Having a really good absorbent doormat is important and we’re not just talking about spiders here, we’re talking about all things that can come into your home. “Fill any holes that you may have, anything like that and also to look for eggs. They do lay eggs and they can lay them in your wardrobes where your clothes are and they go for dark areas, so always just check those corners.” DON'T MISS:Quiet Welsh town where properties sell for less than £250,000 named [INSIGHT]UK house prices hit new record in ‘spring frenzy’ [EXPLAINER]‘Indestructible’ garden plants which will ‘thrive’ on their own [EXPERT] Keeping up a regular cleaning routine is also important. Lynsey added: “Things like a good old feather duster is good, reach up high and get rid of those cobwebs. “You can also make homemade sprays. You can buy spider sprays but they’re full of chemicals and they can be quite toxic. “Make your own. Use water and essential oils like peppermint, they don’t like it. “Use eucalyptus too and just spray the areas where they come in, around those doorframes. That’s not going to harm them, it’s just going to make them turn away. “Citrus fruits too. If you squeeze a lemon and leave the lemon juice on the counter, they’re going to be attracted to that. But what they don’t like is the wax on your citrus fruits. “If you have some lemon peel or orange peel left on the side, you can even put it into your bin, that’s going to stop them as well.” Households can also leave a bowl of fruit out on the side because the majority of bugs, including spiders, do not like the smell. Lynsey also recommended buying turmeric sticks too, available to purchase in supermarkets. She said these work for “all insects”. The cleaning expert added: “You can just have a few scattered in your plant pots, a few scattered around the outside of your home, but it’s a very strong smell and again it’s natural and not going to harm them.” Households can also keep spiders out of the home by making sure they use a bin with a closed lid to keep smells at bay. Lynsey also recommended placing a fragrance powder at the bottom of the rubbish bin because bugs including spiders will not like the strong smell. One cheap method the Queen of Clean showed on the show was using bicarbonate of soda. She suggested placing essential oils with the bicarbonate of soda and placing it in the bottom of the bin. Cotton wool balls can also be used with scented oils to keep spiders away from rubbish bins.