Kate, 40, will be completing an official engagement on Wednesday without her husband in tow. Instead, the Duchess of Cambridge will be teaming up with the Princess Royal for a visit that champions improving maternal health care. The mother-of-three has made the early childhood years a prime focus during her more than 11 years' tenure in the Royal Family. The visit to the Royal College of Midwives and Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists headquarters in London comes as part of Kate’s patronage of the latter organisation. Their Royal Highnesses will learn how the two organisations have collaborated to ensure those who are pregnant receive the safest and best care possible. The visit also marks the first time Princess Anne, 71, and Kate have teamed up for an engagement without other members of the Firm in tow. Pauline Maclaren, co-author of Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture points out their engagement comes at a time when there is a “contemporary emphasis on the independent woman.” She thinks we could see Kate conduct more royal engagements alone going forward as she establishes herself as a “royal in her own right”. Ms Maclaran believes that Kate could follow in Anne’s footsteps to live a dedicated life of service to the Crown, and will benefit from the Princess Royal’s “expertise” during Wednesday’s outing. The consumer expert told Express.co.uk: “Princess Anne has always been this, of course, but the signs are that Kate is also to become more independent, seen as a royal in her own right and not always as part of a couple, playing second fiddle to William as it were. READ MORE: Sophie and Edward’s cancelled tour - Grenada breaks ranks with Palace “I think these pairings are a way of modernising the royal brand by moving away from the traditional focus either on a royal couple or a single individual. “In pairing up Princess Anne and the Duchess of Cambridge they are showing two women working together which resonates with the current times.” “We have heard that Kate is going to be given more single duties to perform and who better to learn from than her aunt who has frequently been praised for her dedicated service. “Kate will therefore benefit from Anne’s expertise and Anne’s work will gain a higher profile with Kate by her side.” DON'T MISS Queen uses secret phone line to call Princess Anne [INSIGHT] Kate and William hit with Harry question during visit as row erupts [REPORT] 'Incredibly tactile' Meghan and Harry's unusual public interaction [ANALYSIS] Kate’s last solo engagement saw her visit Denmark with engagements focused on her work involving the early years of childhood. The Duchess undertook a two-day trip to Copenhagen in late February with her Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. Her visit looked at how the country, which is widely recognised for its attention and approach to the early years, promotes infants' mental and physical wellbeing. Among the key stops during this visit, Kate headed to the University of Copenhagen to hear more about the Lego Foundation PlayLab. Students being trained to become early childhood professionals are encouraged to play - and encouraged Kate to join in with the spirits of the initiative. Despite wearing heels, she gamely went down a tall slide and after dismounting the slide, the Duchess creased up with laughter. She was heard saying: "In the spirit of where I am today, I had to do that!" Also earlier that month, Kate – flying solo without her husband – joined Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall for an engagement. The Royal Family members toured The Prince's Foundation's Trinity Buoy Wharf where they met staff and students attending various courses. While this engagement was significant for putting the spotlight on the arts and creative industries, it also marked one of only a few times Kate joined her in-laws for a public engagement without being in the company of Prince William. All three royals appeared at ease during the visit, and Kate was spotted joking and laughing multiple times while speaking with Charles and Camilla.