Mr Macron has sealed a second five-year term as France’s President after a convincing victory over far-right rival Marine Le Pen. He won by 58.55 percent to 41.45 percent, a greater margin than expected, but still the far-right’s highest share of the vote yet. Mr Macron becomes the first French President to be re-elected in 20 years, and told supporters on Sunday evening that he now wishes to be a “President for all”. Nonetheless, Mr Macron faces a series of challenges ahead — particularly as more than one in three voters refused to back him nor Ms Le Pen. Turnout for Sunday’s run-off was just under 72 percent, the lowest figure since 1969, and included some three million spoilt or blank votes. Jonathan Miller, author of the 2019 book ‘France, a Nation on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown’, wrote in the Daily Mail on Monday morning that trouble is already brewing for President Macron. He said: “The re-election of Macron is not good news for France – which faces five more years of his eccentric, egocentric politics – nor for Britain and Boris Johnson, who is seen as the Brexit devil incarnate by the Paris political establishment, including in particular the tight circle surrounding the president himself.” READ MORE: Clement Beaune in staggering comment after Emmanuel Macron win Mr Miller added: “Macron and the team around him are viscerally anti-British. “They have imposed an EU withdrawal agreement on Brexit Britain that is a time bomb for future conflict. “Instead of accepting Britain as a friend on independent terms, for the benefit of both sides, Macron insisted on aggressive punishment of the Brits for their insolence in leaving his beloved European Union.” Victory for Ms Le Pen would have been considered a disaster for the EU. She had pledged to make French law supreme to EU law, something that was labelled “Frexit in all-but name” by a number of political commentators. Mr Macron, meanwhile, is an EU enthusiast. He has made his ambitions for the bloc explicitly clear in recent years, and these ambitions were only stiffened by the Brexit process. He currently holds the Presidency of the Council of Europe, and wishes to be at the forefront of the EU. DON'T MISS:How world leaders congratulated Macron - including Boris Johnson [REVEALED]This was a huge win for EU - Macron now bosses Europe [COMMENT]Macron pledges to end division after defeating Le Pen [QUOTES] Mr Miller explained “there’s trouble ahead”, for Mr Macron and his government. He wrote: “His re-election isn’t a democratic endorsement of a respected leader, but the product of an electoral system guaranteed to ignore what people really want and instead impose on them a choice likened by some here as between plague and cholera.” He added: “All the problems facing France, unresolved or made worse in Macron’s first term, are still present. “Macron is again at the helm, facing a cluster of colossal crises including war in Europe, restless cities, skyrocketing inflation and collapsing public services.” Mr Macron acknowledged the divisions within his own country in his victory speech, and conceded that many had voted for him simply to stop Ms Le Pen winning. He said: “Many of our compatriots voted for me not out of support for my ideas but to block those of the extreme right. “I want to thank them and I know that I have a duty towards them in the years to come.” The French electorate will go to the polls again in June to elect the 577 members of the National Assembly. Considered the “third round” of the Presidential elections, the legislative elections effectively decide how much of Mr Macron’s agenda he is able to pass. Far-left candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon wishes to become Prime Minister in the June elections, with both him and Ms Le Pen hoping to use their momentum to determine the direction in which France goes. Mr Miller wrote: “In France, the misery will now continue as the exhausted electorate is invited to vote again in June elections for the National Assembly. “At which point, Macron will have to stitch together some kind of government with a parliamentary majority that is unlikely to be stable or durable. “Vive la France? There’s trouble ahead.”