Brits might not experience the April heatwave as previously predicted, as the Met Office forecasts unsettled weather and the possibility of weather warnings across the country for the bank holiday weekend, stretching into the start of the Easter holidays. Unlike last year’s dry, sunny weather, we could be due to experience temperatures as low as -2C. Against the initially predicted temperatures of 28C highs, the recent forecast couldn’t be further from this, as blustery weather is forecast to spread across the country over the next fortnight. Jonathan Vautrey, a Met Office forecaster, said: “The general theme is for the weather to be unsettled. “There will be a damp and cloudy start to the working week for most with further outbreaks of rain on Tuesday and Wednesday in Scotland, Northern Ireland and northern England. “There will also be a more persistent band of rain across southern areas by Thursday.”  READ MORE: UK split as unsettled front sparks 5in of snow - Yellow warning issued  But this unsettled weather is due to span the rest of the week and far into the next couple. Up until now, the Met Office said they "wouldn’t be surprised to see 26C" over the Easter weekend. The latest forecasts predict the country will remain cold in most places with heavy rain and wintry showers up to Easter Monday on April 18. The long-term forecast from April 10 through to April 19 from the Met Office reads: "Progression of rain is somewhat uncertain, which could bring drier conditions to the northeast.  "Strong winds and heavy rain may occur, the latter particularly over hills, with a chance of snow here. Weather warnings possible. "Towards the middle of the period, this unsettled theme should continue, with low-pressure systems lying southwest of the UK. In between occasional drier interludes, spells of rain and showers are likely, alongside strong winds." Although, the Met Office notes the possibility of changeable intervals until the end of April. DON'T MISS: Snow tracker: Scotland braced for -6 Arctic blast - Met Office [ANALYSIS]Spain holidays in ‘jeopardy’ after Costa del Sol hit by storm [INSIGHT] Diabetes type 2: Avoid ice lollies and condiments as summer approaches [EXPLAINED]     However, above-average temperatures should persist despite potential overnight frosts. There is hope we might see a brighter, more stable May as the Met Office forecast reads: “Towards the end of April, high pressure should remain dominant, with spells of dry weather and below-average precipitation becoming increasingly likely towards the end of the month. Temperatures are anticipated to stay above average during this period, which will be a welcome change. 