After professionally debuting with his father Andrea Bocelli in 2018, Matteo Bocelli has gone on to start a solo career that will see his debut album released later this year. But it all started with Fall On Me, their original duet, which has seen its music video amass over 100 million views this week. The singers took to Instagram to celebrate this incredible milestone with great emotion. In a joint post, Andrea and Matteo wrote: “FALL ON ME video just hit 100 million views! It started out as a score and some words. An unexpected opportunity and a risk. But we decided to try anyway, with a healthy dose of recklessness and plenty of enthusiasm. The very thing that drove us to face the challenge of Fall on Me magically came across: people got it, appreciated it, and all over the world, people loved it. Its truthfulness, its authenticity, and the strength of the emotions the song is about struck a chord in the hearts of many.” The emotional statement continued: “Every time we sing it, it’s an exciting gift and an adventure that also leaves us a bit choked up (and as you can imagine, that’s not great for singing!) because it’s a song about us, a child growing up and facing adulthood with the support and reassurance of a parent. It means talking about the love passed down from generation to generation. A hundred million thanks to everyone who loved and believed in this song as we did. Andrea and Matteo.” Fans will notice the post included a clip from the music video with the pair playing grand pianos, amid intimate childhood photos of Matteo with Andrea. Express.co.uk caught up with the latter last year and asked about his son following him in his footsteps. The Italian tenor replied: “I believe that Matteo is identifying with more and more clarity his own style, according to his own personality and sensibilities. And I believe that his very promising single Solo shows that. As for duets, it is true that the song Fall On Me was a beautiful occasion that we have seized upon as a family, perhaps without truly thinking it through but with great enthusiasm. And the public appreciated the genuineness of the emotions involved. But I also think that my son has, today, wings strong enough to take flight by himself.” DON'T MISSAndrea Bocelli shares climax of his Nessun dorma performance – WATCH [ANDREA BOCELLI]Andrea Bocelli praises his daughter Virginia Bocelli’s musical talent [VIRGINIA BOCELLI]Andrea Bocelli’s daughter Virginia Bocelli interviews her father WATCH [ANDREA AND VIRGINIA] Andrea has previously said of Fall On Me: “Anyone who is a parent, anyone who knows the precious responsibility of being a mother or a father, will fully grasp the meaning of this piece. Fall On Me is the first time I have duetted with my son Matteo Bocelli.” Matteo so far has released a number of singles ahead of his solo album’s debut later this year. The songs include Solo, Close and Dimmi, while more recently he’s launched a duet called Until She’s Gone with Encanto star Sebastián Yatra. Hopefully, it won’t be too long before the 24-year-old has more news on when his first record is released.