The Duchess of Cornwall and Prince Charles opted for a town hall wedding as this was their second marriage. Camilla divorced her ex-husband Andrew Parker Bowles in 1995 and Prince Charles divorced Princess Diana in 1996. For the civil ceremony, Camilla wore a cream silk chiffon dress and a matching silk coat by designers Robinson Valentine. The Duchess also donned the Prince of Wales feathers brooch. The jewel, which is formed by diamonds and a single grey pearl, "gathers the three ostrich feathers on the traditional heraldic badge of the Prince of Wales," The Court Jeweller explained. Camilla finished her wedding look with a Philip Treacy cream hat with French lace and feather trim. READ MORE: Queen Letizia: Why royal returned 'exceptional' £35k engagement ring  To accessorise the bridal look, the royal donned a pair of beige suede pumps from LK Bennett and a calf leather clutch from Launer's East-West. Camilla rewore her wedding dress at the opening of the National Assembly of Wales in 2007. For the religious blessing, however, the Duchess opted for a more unique gown. The design, by Robinson Valentine, was an embroidered pale blue and gold coat over a matching chiffon gown. Designers Antonia Robinson and Anna Valentine reportedly wanted a "crisp clean look with subtle detailing" for the dress.  The royal also wore a striking gold leaf feathers headband with Swarovski diamonds by Philip Treacy, in the place of a tiara. Camilla chose pale grey silk pumps by LK Bennett and a pair of diamond flower pendant earrings. A floral bouquet made up of lily-of-the-valley and yellow, purple and white primroses with a sprig of myrtle, was chosen to finish her bridal look. Since Victorian times, myrtle is traditionally featured in royal bouquets. The delicate white flower has been the flower of choice for royal weddings since the 1850s. Myrtle has been grown at Osborne, which was Queen Victoria’s home on the Isle of Wight, for about 170 years. Osborne’s Head Gardener Toby Beasley explained: "Sprigs from the Osborne plants were traditionally incorporated into royal bridal bouquets. "It’s a German tradition that signifies the innocence of the bride. "The Royal Family’s tradition started with Queen Victoria’s eldest daughter, Princess Victoria’s wedding in 1858, and it seems this continued with Victoria’s other children." Queen Victoria said her daughter's wedding was the "second most eventful day in my life". "I felt almost as if it were I that was being married over again," she wrote in her journal. She said her daughter's dress was "of white moire antique, trimmed with three flounces of Honiton lace and wreaths and spray of orange flowers and myrtle".