Voting has been underway across France as people make a choice on whether to give Emmanuel Macron another term as President or replace him with the challenger Marine Le Pen. However, one French voter has argued that neither candidate has won over the public with the electorate left a poor decision at the ballot box. The woman told BBC News: "I don't for Marine [Le Pen] I vote against Macron. "It is a problem in this country now that people say they don't want Macron and they don't want Macron. "So what we do?!" She added: "The friends of Marine Le Pen may be fascist, I don't know.  "But I don't want Macron!" Opinion polls in recent days gave Macron a solid and slightly growing lead as analysts said Le Pen - despite her efforts to soften her image and tone down some of her National Rally party's policies - remained unpalatable for many. But a surprise Le Pen victory could not be ruled out. With polls showing neither candidate able to count on enough core supporters to win, much will depend on those still weighing up anxiety about the implications of a far-right presidency against anger at Macron's record since his 2017 election. A Le Pen victory would mark a political upheaval for Western democracies on a par with Brexit or the U.S. election of Donald Trump in 2016, ending decades of rule by mainstream French leaders and the latest threat to the future of the European Union.  Le Pen has insisted she has no "secret agenda" for France - a founding member of the EU - to leave the 27-nation bloc, its single currency or its passport-free Schengen zone. Opponents believe her policies would at best create new tensions within the bloc - whose unity has been tested in recent years by a migration crisis, Britain's departure and the Covid 19 pandemic - and at worst lead to a "Frexit". Le Pen has said she would cut French contributions to the EU budget, renegotiate the Schengen agreement and re-introduce checks on goods entering the country from other EU states. She would seek to re-establish the primacy of French law over EU law - the foundational basis of European integration - and wants the bloc to become a loose association of cooperating sovereign countries. DON'T MISS:'Fiercely patriotic' Le Pen NO friend of Brexit [VIDEO]'Grovelling' Macron accused of 'shining Putin's boots' - 'Pathetic' [INSIGHT]Le Pen could spark Frexit ‘by accident’ [ANALYSIS] "It amounts to a complete hollowing-out of what the EU has been trying to achieve all these years," said one senior diplomat. "But it's not presented that way." Le Pen also wants to pull France out of the transatlantic military alliance NATO's integrated command, in a challenge to the West's post-Cold War security architecture. Opponents accuse her of being too close to Moscow. Her party received a bank loan from a Russian bank in 2014 and she was hosted by Russian President Vladimir Putin at the Kremlin shortly before the 2017 presidential election. Macron accused Le Pen of being on Putin's payroll, telling her: "You talk about your banker when you talk about Russia."