 One confused driver posted to Reddit asking other Londoners: “Why is there this bizarre corridor in the ULEZ at Chiswick?” They attached an image of the ULEZ zone's boundaries in Chiswick where part of the A4 is outside the zone, essentially forming a corridor from the edge of the zone to the Hogarth roundabout.  A number of users speculated whether there was a reason for the distinct route which is exempt from the daily £12.50 charge. One commenter said it was for drivers who had mistakenly taken the wrong turn, allowing them to go around the roundabout and back without going into the ULEZ. Another commenter joked that it was because of the Taskmaster house. A third driver also chimed in with: "Chiswick roundabout is one hell of a driver’s nightmare. READ MORE: UK hit with more fuel shortages as drivers queue for diesel and petrol  “It’s extremely easy to end up in the wrong lane and have to leave the roundabout at a wrong exit. “They’ve added this exemption so that you can turn back without paying the ULEZ charge basically." The ULEZ corridor was addressed in the London Assembly in 2018 when the Liberal Democrats’ Caroline Pidgeon questioned the Mayor. She asked: “A part of the A4, near Chiswick House, is excluded from the proposed ULEZ boundary expansion. DON'T MISSWhy is there a diesel shortage? How to check if diesel is available [WARNING]Motorists can save over £300 a year on fuel costs by ditching premium [INSIGHT]Hydrogen is a 'fantastic solution' for UK vehicles with new proposals [ANALYSIS]  “Why is this? And would you look at including this part of the A4 into the expanded ULEZ going forward?" London Mayor, Sadiq Khan, responded saying the ULEZ was designed to ensure that drivers of non-compliant vehicles do not accidentally enter the zone. He added: “A short section of the A4 is excluded to allow drivers to make a safe turn around at the Hogarth Roundabout to avoid entering the zone. "All exits from this stretch of route are included within the ULEZ, so nearly all vehicles travelling on this section will have an origin or destination within the zone.  “Transport for London is happy to consider any alternatives that enable this diversion as part of the public consultation process." There are plans to extend the ULEZ to include all of Greater London by the end of 2023. Sadiq Khan had previously called on Transport for London to consult on extending the scheme’s boundary from the North and South Circular roads to the whole of Greater London. It is hoped this will reduce pollution further and ease congestion in the capital.  Mr Khan said the levels of pollution in the city was still too high and that more needed to be done to prevent further deaths from respiratory issues. The expansion of the scheme will mean that drivers of the most polluting vehicles which don’t comply with minimum emissions standards will have to pay £12.50 a day to drive anywhere in the capital. In light of his latest plan, Mr Khan has decided against introducing a Clean Air Charge, which would have affected drivers of all but the cleanest vehicles. There were also plans to charge drivers of vehicles registered outside London for entering the capital, although these plans have been dropped. Many businesses in surrounding areas said this charge would have disastrous consequences for them.