With Tiger Woods miraculously attempting to seal his competitive return to action at the Masters, Phil Mickelson's recent Saudi Golf League comments have somewhat been swept under the carpet. The six-time major champion is missing from Augusta National this week in the wake of his recent antics. Mickelson, who has won the Masters three times, is taking an indefinite break from golf after coming under immense scrutiny for his contentious Saudi Golf League remarks which took aim at the PGA Tour - a circuit he has won 45 times on since turning professional in 1992. 'Lefty', one of the biggest names linked with a move to the Saudi-backed breakaway league, grabbed the spotlight for all the wrong reasons after admitting he has flirted with swapping allegiances to gain leverage from the PGA Tour - comments that won't have gone down well inside both camps.Mickelson certainly didn't mince his words, branding the state of Saudi Arabia as 'scary motherf******' before admitting he is only tempted to jump ship as this is a 'a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to reshape how the PGA Tour operates'. And his quotes only got stronger from there, adding: "They’ve been able to get by with manipulative, coercive, strong-arm tactics because we, the players, had no recourse. As nice a guy as [PGA Tour commissioner Jay Monahan] comes across as, unless you have leverage, he won’t do what’s right. And the Saudi money has finally given us that leverage."The emergence of the mega-money league, funded by Saudi-backed company LIV Golf Investments and fronted by Greg Norman, has threatened to lead to a civil war within golf and Mickelson's comments certainly won't have helped ease concerns. He came under attack from players, fans and pundits alike, and perhaps the most notable name to voice his criticism was Rory McIlroy, branding his comments as 'naive, selfish, egotistical, ignorant'. JUST IN: Tiger Woods confirms he's heading to Augusta with Masters return on the cards However, Sky Sports Golf Expert Nick Dougherty - who won three times during his European Tour playing days - doesn't believe Mickelson is alone having given an insight into what players on the PGA Tour made of his comments. When asked specifically about McIlroy's damning verdict, the 39-year-old admitted he is not surprised by the backlash Mickelson received but did provide a surprise admission. Dougherty told Express Sport: "In terms of the way he went about it, it seemed to smack of him saying the players should have more than they do right now. Sometimes that is a hard pill to swallow for the public back home, who have a regular life and regular jobs. And when you see a guy who has won 100million saying we’re not getting paid what we should be getting paid, I do get that. But it’s all relative isn’t it to other athletes and sports people within that industry."And I think the bit I got from talking to some of the players, is that they would never have said it like he said it. They certainly wouldn’t have maybe had the allegiances that Phil has shown so far. But there was an element with what he is doing is going to help us have a bit more stature within the game. I think that’s what a lot of the players are feeling out there." DON'T MISSTiger Woods warning sent to Masters rivals ahead of potential return - 'Game is all back'Masters champ Bubba Watson candidly speaks on anxiety issues - 'Thought I'm going to die'Tiger Woods Masters return verdict delivered by Rory McIlroy after Augusta practice round Dougherty, who will be heading up Sky Sports' coverage of the Masters throughout the week, insisted that Mickelson should be given a second chance given all he has delivered to the sport down the years. He added: "I do hope that Phil is given an opportunity to find a place within the game again. I don’t enjoy any side of the modern day world where we don’t offer forgiveness for people making errors because we all do, every one of us makes mistakes. "And Phil has obviously had that. But if he seeks forgiveness... I’d like to think that a man who has achieved what he has, and done a lot for our enjoyment of the game as well, that he has an opportunity to make wrongs right again." Mickelson will be the marquee name missing from the Masters, which gets underway on Thursday, April 7. Watch The Masters this April live on Sky Sports and NOW. Coverage from April 4-10 will be exclusively live on Sky Sports Golf.