WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Gentleman Jack. Gentleman Jack won itself an international following when it first made its debut in 2019. Starring actresses Suranne Jones and Sophie Rundle as Anne Lister and Ann Walker respectively, the period drama tells their love story and how they chose to ignore public opinion in order to live their happily ever after. The first season saw the early days of their blossoming romance which Ann Walker, in particular, did not expect. In the first series, Ann Walker was living in relative solitude, not knowing who of her family she could trust as some were eager to get their hands on her money. She also battled with anxiety and depression which Anne Lister started to help her with, sending her off to a psychologist to try and get better. Through this dedication to one another, Lister and Walker formed a strong bond and by the end of season one, they made their commitment. As they lived in the 19th Century when women couldn't marry other women, they held their own "wedding". READ MORE: Kate Bliss children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? Speaking to press, including Express.co.uk at the Gentleman Jack season two premiere, writer Sally Wainwright spoke of this particular scene in season one. "I think my favourite scene from season one was in the church of Holy Trinity", she said. "Because that was so extraordinary that we were filming in the church where they really did get married. "And I think we kind of felt that on the day while we were filming it. "For me, that was a really emotional day and it looked lovely the way Matt [Gray, director of photography] shot it, it was beautiful." Season one ended with Lister and Walker "tying the knot" in a symbolic ceremony. This was held at the Holy Trinity Church in Goodramgate, York on September 22, 1834. Fast-forward more than 180 years and the church was once again used but this time for the reenactment of the "wedding" in Gentleman Jack. This was considered the first recorded lesbian wedding and a rainbow-edged plaque is situated at the church to mark this. DON'T MISS...Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits [REAL LIFE]Gentleman Jack's Suranne Jones details hidden wardrobe accessory [BEHIND THE SCENES]Gentleman Jack season 2 release date, cast, trailer, plot [RELEASE DATE] Actress Suranne Jones is back, reprising her role of Anne Lister in Gentleman Jack. She is best known for starring in shows such as Coronation Street, Doctor Foster, Scott and Bailey and BBC's Vigil. Starring alongside Jones is Peaky Blinders and The Nest star Sophie Rundle as Ann Walker. Some of the other returning cast members in season two are Gemma Whelan, Timothy West, Jodhi May, Katherine Kelly, Derek Riddell and Lydia Leonard. Gentleman Jack season two will be taking Peaky Blinders' Sunday time slot on BBC One. Much like the first season, series two is going to be made up of eight episodes. The premiere episode will see Ann Walker move to Shibden Hall with Anne Lister, despite her family's disapproval. Gentleman Jack season 2 premieres on Sunday, April 10, at 9pm on BBC One.