Temperatures will rocket back into the 20Cs today and tomorrow driven by a plume of warm air flooding in from Africa. High pressure stretching across the UK from Europe, Scandinavia promises widespread blue skies and golden rays. However, forecasters warn to make the most of the good weather before the heavens open on Bank Holiday Monday. After Good Friday brought the hottest day of the year so far, temperatures in parts next week will dip back to freezing. Met Office meteorologist Alex Deakin said: “We are going to see changes particularly as we go into next week. “It will be turning cooler for Monday as a weather front introduces fresher conditions from the Atlantic. “This will last into Tuesday and beyond where it looks cooler and more unsettled as low pressure takes control. “There are definite signals that next week will bring a bit of a change with generally cooler and wetter weather on the cards.” South-eastern regions will enjoy the best of the weather over the next 48 hours before the weather turns unsettled tomorrow night. Temperatures will drop off through next week with highs back in the low teens by next weekend. Met Office meteorologist Helen Roberts said: “There is a change on the way later in the weekend. “We start to see that change coming our way later on Sunday and more especially into Monday as a weather front brings some unsettled weather and some cooler conditions as we end the Easter weekend.” Britons flocked to the outdoors yesterday as temperatures soared to 22C in London making it the hottest day of the year so far. The mercury is expected to leap back into the low 20Cs over the next couple of days before the weather cools off tomorrow night. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “The outlook for the Easter weekend is generally for more dry and warmer conditions as a plume of air arrives to the UK from Africa. “High pressure will encourage this southerly airflow and will bring blue skies and sunshine. “There is more of the risk of showers after Easter Sunday when there appears to be a change on the way. “The outlook after the Easter weekend is for the weather to turn more changeable.” High pressure will weaken later in the bank holiday before moving northwards allowing wetter weather in from the Atlantic. Balmy southerly breezes will also give way to a chilly north-easterly blast pushing temperatures back into low-double or single figures. John Hammond, meteorologist for weathertrending, said: “By Easter Monday, there is a chance that rain clouds will dampen spirits for some. “High pressure will give way to a damper trough of low pressure by the end of the holiday weekend. “This could lead to north-easterly winds becoming more dominant bringing cloudier skies and some showery rain. “This is more likely across southern and eastern parts of the country.” In the meantime, another two days of summer-like sunshine may still bring the hottest Easter on record. Coral is offering 1-2 from 6-4 on records tumbling with  4-5 on the hottest April ever despite the gloomy forecasts. Spokesman John Hill said: "We are in for a glorious Easter weekend. “Our betting suggests there is a 67-per-cent chance it could be a record hot Easter, so it might be a good idea to keep those Easter eggs in the shade. “The prospect for the rest of the month also looks promising, so we have also the cut the odds on a record hot April.”