Chelsea star Cesar Azpilicueta has revealed he gave a Blues fan his captain’s armband just days after the duo were involved in an ugly clash at Stamford Bridge following a defeat to Arsenal. Azpilicueta has legendary status in west London after racking-up 469 appearances for the club but looks set to be heading for the exit this summer when his contract comes to an end. Chelsea have looked likely to cement a top-four Premier League finish all campaign after a string of fine performances. But the side suffered a shock 4-2 home defeat to the Gunners last week as Azpilicueta conceded a penalty in stoppage time at the end of the match. Following the encounter, Azpilicueta was seen remonstrating with fan Simon Kerr at the side of the pitch as the player’s frustrations appeared to boil over. And the 32-year-old defender has now explained the exchange. “It looked worse than it was because it was at the end of the game and I was angry with my performance, I was angry with the result, with the penalty and everything,” Azpilicueta told Sky Sports. “I spotted him in the crowd but nothing to do with him. It was an exchange of words and it looked worse than it was. READ MORE: Man City player ratings vs Real Madrid in the Champions League  “We spoke clearly, that he just wanted more fight from the team. And he was right - and I expressed my view of that. In this moment we were having a moment of difficulty, we were having 15 people left in the stadium. We were in a moment of difficulty and we needed to push on together in the same direction. And the other day after the [West Ham] game I saw him again and I gave him the captain’s armband.” Meanwhile, logistics manager Simon has already given his side of the story about the altercation. “I just wanted to ask him why we hadn’t shown any fight,” Simon said at the weekend. “I know I wasn’t aggressive or abusive - and you can ask the three people I was standing next to in the crowd and the stewards who were there. “I didn’t berate him at all or shout. All I did was extend my arms asking what had happened and why we hadn’t shown any fight in London derby. You could see he was angry but I don’t think he understood what I was saying, which is why I beckoned him across. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag      “He was a bit aggressive to me and then told me I should get my boots on and play instead - and I said that I’d love to. I didn’t want it to get out of hand so that’s when I raised my hands and gave him the thumbs up - to try to calm everything down. I've been a fan since I was four and that will never change.” Chelsea returned to winning ways on Sunday as they overcame West Ham 1-0 courtesy of Christian Pulisic’s 90th-minute winner. And Thomas Tuchel’s team will be confident of booking their place in next season’s Champions League as they are seven points clear of fifth-place Tottenham in the Premier League table.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here