Johnny Depp's sister Christi Dembrowski, 61, was called to testify on Tuesday and told the jury about their upbringing in Kentucky by their "high strung" mother Betty Sue and "peaceful" dad John Christopher Depp. The actor's sibling also recalled Amber Heard, 35, mocking the 58-year-old's appearance after Dior offered him a modelling gig. Christi was called by Johnny's legal team to offer testimony during the trial. Asked if there were occasions where Amber was not nice to the actor, Christi said there was one incident that "really stayed with me". They were at Johnny's office and Christian Dior had called saying they were interested in working with the Pirates of the Caribbean star. She said: "Johnny told Amber they were interested in him. READ MORE: Johnny Depp accused of sex assault on Amber 'with bottle', court heard "Her reaction to that was she was in disbelief and sort of disgust because she said 'Dior, why would Dior want to do business with you?' "'They're about class and style and you don't have style.' It was insulting, kind of taking away that one moment. That insult is there. "I've seen the insults, multiple times actually." When questioned what Amber would say about Johnny's physical appearance, Christi said she would call him "an old, fat man". At times during the trial, Johnny could be seen looking down at the floor as his sister spoke. Benjamin Chew, Johnny's lawyer, began the line of questioning where he asked Christi about the pair's upbringing. She explained that she has in the past worked as Johnny's "personal manager". Christi recalled her mother often becoming angry and would yell and scream at their dad. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham dressed celeb pals at Brooklyn's wedding[LATEST]Piers Morgan says time zone change have 'cured his long Covid'[ADMISSION]Britney Spears unveils 'small' baby bump as she models crop top[PICTURES] "Did your father hit your mother back?" Benjamin asked. "No, dad never reacted when mom hit him or screamed at him," Christi said. "Basically he would let her scream and get it out and be done. The way you dealt with my mom, he always tried to keep the peace." "How did your mother treat you and your brothers and sisters?' he asked. "Similarly in how she treated dad. She screamed, she yelled, she hit, she threw things, she called us names. We each had our own set of names. Some we wouldn't repeat. My name was Violet. Violet was my father's mother and my mom hated my father's mother," she said. Christi went on to explain that Johnny's mum had a "special" name for him and would often call him "one eye". "Did your mother have a special name for Johnny?" Benjamin asked. "She had a few, some to not repeat," Christi said. 'One eye' was her favorite. Because when he was young the doctors thought had a lazy eye, they put a patch on his good eye to strengthen his other eye." "Did Johnny respond?" he asked. "Those names were just a way of life. We got used to them," Christi remarked. Johnny's sister Christi was the first person to give evidence during the opening of his libel trial against his ex-wife Amber. The hearing in Fairfax, Virginia, is set to last for six weeks, with both stars set to give evidence. 