Prince Charles has recorded a speech that will be shown at the Our Ocean conference, demonstrating the future King's commitment to a cause that was always close to the heart of his late father Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. In his speech, Charles will warn the decline in the health of waters across the globe is "dire" and the "consequences of inaction and 'business as usual' are unimaginable". The conference is being hosted by the US and Palau, an archipelago of more than 500 Pacific Ocean islands. Prince Charles will call for a "global alliance" between private, public and NGO bodies to protect the world's oceans for generations to come in his speech at the two-day summit. Charles will outline his five-point plan to protect the planet, starting with protecting at least 30 percent of the ocean by 2030 and 50 percent by 2050, according to the Mirror. The Prince's second point is centred on rewarding sustainable fishing practices and penalising those who are not, followed by urgently addressing plastic pollution on a massive scale. Charles will say: "We have seen unequivocal evidence that plastics are not only polluting our waters but are entering our food chains and our bodies. We are quite literally poisoning ourselves.  READ MORE: How Camilla slapped down 'pompous' Charles over gin and tonic demand "It seems obvious that we should be looking for natural alternatives to plastic and transitioning rapidly to these alternatives. "In the meantime, we need to support the world's innovators to scale up the removal of plastics from our ocean, waterways and landfills while strengthening recycling efforts and the more rapid development of the circular economy." Fourth, Charles wants to keep a healthy ocean at the forefront of the world's vision for future tourism. And finally, Charles will highlight that major scientific research that the protection and restoration of key ocean habitats can equally play a crucial role in dealing with climate change.  This week's high-profile summit will include former US president Barack Obama and US Special Presidential Envoy for Climate John Kerry among its speakers. Charles's speech at the Our Ocean summit will not be his first, as he previously delivered a speech in Malta at the 2017 conference. And the future King has spoken on several occasions in the past about the importance of protecting the planet for future generations, notably delivering a speech at the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow last autumn. In his opening speech for the COP26 conference, Charles urged the world's decision-makers "to find practical ways of overcoming differences so we can all get down to work, together, to rescue this precious planet and save the threatened future of our young people."  DON'T MISS:Best pictures of Princess Anne's royal tour so far [PICTURES]Prince Charles will step in for Queen at Maundy Service [INSIGHT]Are Kate, Meghan and Camilla princesses? Royal title rules explained [EXPLAINER] Prince Charles's lifelong passion for protecting the environment has been built on the foundations laid by his late father, Prince Philip, who died last year aged 99. A known conservationist, Philip was regarded to be ahead of his time with his advocacy of protecting the natural world long before it became a mainstream issue. And as a Navy man, Prince Philip's love of the ocean was a key aspect of his work as a member of the Royal Family. Philip travelled around the world to champion an array of environmental causes and served on the boards of several high-profile environmental charities, including as President of the World Wildlife Fund (WWF). 