Eddie Hearn is still adamant that Anthony Joshua can beat Tyson Fury despite 'The Gypsy King' putting in a supreme display against Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium on Saturday night. In front of 94,000 people, Fury controlled the fight for five rounds before finishing matters with a savage right uppercut in the sixth that left 'The Body Snatcher' unable to continue. Fury, who in a spectacular entrance had been carried towards the ring on a throne, celebrated afterwards by singing American Pie to the crowd. But he also doubled down on his pre-fight pledge to walk away from the sport, telling BT Sport "This might be the final curtain for the The Gypsy King." That claim has been met with scepticism in some quarters, especially given Fury appeared to contradict himself that same night by agreeing to a 'crossover' bout with UFC heavyweight champion Francis Ngannou. Walking away would also deny him the chance to unify the division by facing the winner of Oleksandr Usyk v Joshua rematch, provisionally scheduled for July. The last boxer to hold all the world heavyweight title belts on offer was Lennox Lewis, following his win over Evander Holyfield in 1999. The British legend himself has said he believes Fury will be back in a ring to try and match that feat. JUST IN: Red Bull chief aims retirement jibe at Lewis Hamilton after Max Verstappen laps him And Matchroom boss Hearn, who promotes 'AJ', insists that should the much anticipated bout between the two British giants take place then his man can win. Although when asked on Instagram "Can AJ beat Fury?," he was cautious with his answer, saying: "Always believed he can - need to take care of Usyk first." Indeed, Joshua was outclassed by the Ukrainian at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium last September, losing his WBA, IBF, WBO, and IBO belts in the process. A second bout between the two was initially delayed due to Usyk taking arms amid his country being invaded by Russia, but he has now been given special permission to leave and prepare for his title defence. DON'T MISS:Tyson Fury tells brother Tommy not to attend fight afterparty - 'Go home to your missus!'Tyson Fury's wife explains only conditions that would see retirement u-turn of boxing iconFloyd Mayweather comments serve as Francis Ngannou warning to Tyson Fury   A screenshot of Hearn's claim was posted by talkSPORT boxing editor Michael Benson on Twitter, and was met with a mixed response. @AMLW212 argued: "No chance. Fury is too hard to hit and will out box AJ. I reckon Fury would KO him by the 8th." Not all were dismissing Joshua's chances though, with @s2mey posting: "He wouldn't be the favourite but how quickly people write him off is amazing to me. He's miles better than Whyte and Wilder and that would be a hell of a fight. Big obstacle in the shape of Uysk though." 