Rio Ferdinand believes Antonio Rudiger will regret his ‘emotional’ full-time reaction after Chelsea’s dreams of defending their Champions League title were dashed by Real Madrid. The Blues came close to staging a stunning comeback to knock Real out at the Bernabeu, but came up agonisingly short after Karim Benzema’s extra-time header completed a 5-4 aggregate victory for Los Blancos.  Thomas Tuchel’s men opened up a remarkable 3-0 lead in Madrid to give themselves a 4-3 aggregate advantage, but Luka Modric assisted majestically for Rodrygo to level the tie before man-of-the-moment Benzema broke Chelsea hearts in extra-time. Rudiger was one of Chelsea’s most impressive performers in a fine team showing. The German international scored with a towering header to make it 2-0 on the night, but was left crestfallen in defeat at the full-time whistle. The Chelsea defender was met by the consoling David Alaba as the game ended, but his Real counterpart was pushed away. Rudiger then stormed away and released a cry of frustration. Manchester United great Ferdinand is familiar with emotions getting the better of players after such a devastating result and was understanding of Rudiger’s reaction. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz  “It’s emotional, man and I don’t think he’d necessarily want to react like that or see those pictures,” Ferdinand told BT Sport. “But the feeling there, you can’t control it. “We’ve all been there after big games, I’ve said and done things that you regret, you think: “that’s not me, that’s not my normal personality”. But this is what football means to people.” He continued: “If you see changing rooms after games… imagine that changing room there. There will be things going flying. I hit walls, I ended up kicking people at times! I got done at Chelsea kicking someone by accident, you don’t mean it you just lose your head, you don’t mean anything by it. DON'T MISS  But I like to see that because that’s the emotion, there’s a care and a desire to win and they know what it means and how close they were.” Rudiger lamented Chelsea’s costly errors across the two legs despite a valiant effort to complete the turnaround from a 3-1 deficit in the Spanish capital.“The positive is that we didn’t give up and not many teams can come here and dominate them as we did. But over the two legs, if you make the type of mistakes that we do, you get punished," Rudiger told BT Sport. “That was the game plan, to find the No10s with Ruben [Loftus-Cheek] and Mason between Casemiro finding space. We found it, we got the goal. We controlled it, we didn’t panic and I think we did it quite well. In the second-half, we scored goals. We did everything we could, but as I said over the two legs if you make these mistakes - you get punished.” 