Mikel Arteta has revealed he held private talks with Nuno Tavares to ensure the young left-back remains in the right headspace after he was hooked at half-time of Arsenal's 3-0 defeat to Crystal Palace. The £7million summer signings from Benfica was brought into the starting XI in place of the injured Kieran Tierney, who has since undergone surgery on his knee. Arteta is therefore mindful that he needs Tavares on song if the Gunners are to make the top-four come the end of the season. It's not the first time the Spaniard has pulled Tavares off in recent months after withdrawing him from the fray in the first half of the FA Cup third-round defeat to Nottingham Forest in January. It's prompted Arteta to put an arm around Tavares, to ensure he's still feeling confident ahead of Saturday's home meeting with Brighton. "Obviously I spoke with Nuno because I care a lot how they [players] feel," Arteta said ahead of the visit of the Seagulls. READ MORE: Arsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting Benfica "We're there to make their careers better. That was a decision that hurt him obviously, but he understands it was for the benefit of the team. He now needs to react on that situation." Tavares made an impressive start to life in north London and was even starting ahead of his left-back rival Tierney earlier in the campaign before the Scotsman reclaimed his place in the side. He has since taken to social media to issue a rallying call to supporters, admitting he did not have his greatest night. "Monday was an extremely frustrating night for me personally, for the team and the fans," Tavares tweeted. READ MORE: PSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twistThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting Benfica "It’s important to pick ourselves up, learn from the mistakes and react positively for Saturday’s game. Still a lot to fight for. COYG." Tierney is now expected to miss the rest of the season, including his country's World Cup play-off semi-final against Ukraine. The former Celtic man confirmed his operation was successful on Thursday but he will play no further part in the Gunners' season. The same may now also apply to Thomas Partey, who picked up a thigh injury in the 3-0 defeat at Selhurst Park. Arteta is unable to make guarantees that he will feature again before the end of the campaign. He said on the Ghanaian: "He will be out for some weeks. He could be [back before the season ends] but it could not be the case as it's an area where he had an injury previously and he felt it straight away." Arsenal need to get points on the board ahead of vital fixtures against Manchester United, Chelsea and Tottenham before the end of the season. There is arguably no better side to face than Brighton, who have lost six of their last seven matches...