Julian Nagelsmann has claimed he has received 450 death threats on social media this week after his team were stunned in the Champions League after elimination to Spanish outfit Villarreal.  The Yellow Submarine shocked Nagelsmann's men by winning 1-0 in the first leg at the Estadio de la Ceramica, setting up a tense second leg. It was still expected that Bayern would progress, although they found Unai Emery's men hard to break down. The eventually levelled the tie through Robert Lewandowski, but once again found it difficult to break through Villarreal's defence. And the impossible happened in the final knockings of the game when Samuel Chukwueze lifted the ball over Manuel Neuer to produce a shock result. However, fans across the world did not take the news well, sending death threats to Nagelsmann for failing to advance to the semi-final. And the German has detailed the extent of just how frequent the threats were in a chilling statement.  "I know I will always get criticism from all sides - that’s normal and I can deal with it,” Nagelsmann said. “But with 450 death threats on Instagram, it’s not so easy. “If people want to kill me that’s one thing, but they also attack my own mother, who doesn’t even care about football. I don’t understand it. As soon as they turn off the TV, people forget all decency. And they think they are the ones in the right, that’s the crazy thing.” “I get them after every single game, regardless of whether we win or lose. There are more death threats when we play with a back three than when we play with a back four, and obviously a few more whenever we lose.” Nagelsmann joined Bayern from RB Leipzig in the summer. He has lost just six games in his spell at the Bavarian outfit, and looks set to win the Bundesliga with his side able to wrap up the league in the next two games. Bayern paid a record fee for a manager for Nagelsmann's services, spending £21million to bring him to the club. And at just 34 years of age, he will be a prominent figure for quite some time. 