Last month Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge kicked off the first of several royal tours to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. And while much of their Caribbean tour was deemed a success, the couple encountered several PR blunders, in addition to protests about slavery and republicanism, during their visit to Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas. Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex are expected to visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia and St Vincent and the Grenadines from April 22 to April 28, and their tour is likely currently under a lot of scrutiny.  For future royal tours to be a success, it is clear from the criticisms of Kate and William's latest tour that the Royal Family must revise how it goes about them in the future. And according to a royal expert, "controversial events" like those seen particularly in Jamaica must be avoided. Before their tour even began, Kate and William's visit to Belize was derailed when their visit to the Akte‘il Ha cacao farm in Indian Creek was cancelled due to protests from residents. A few days later, the couple were met with a somewhat frosty reception by Jamaica's Prime Minister Andrew Holness who said the country was "very, very happy" to receive the couple, but declared Jamaica is "moving on" and will become "an independent, developed, prosperous country."  READ MORE: Charles and Camilla's 'LOVE CHILD' unveils new 'undeniable proof' While in Jamaica, pictures of Kate and William shaking people's hands through a wire fence also attracted significant criticism. And the Cambridges' recreation of the Queen's ride on an open-backed Land Rover in the 1950s was seen as harking back to colonial days and was interpreted as tone-deaf by many commentators. Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: "In future host countries must ensure controversial events, such as the first stop on the tour in Belize, are off the agenda. "The royals should be warmly welcomed as should have happened officially in Jamaica. The issue of a republic may well move centre stage in several realms in the coming years and the press should get used to demonstrators about this issue.   "Anything linked to colonialism can be awkward, but the creation of the Commonwealth has proved the perfect way for all its 54 nations to forge an equal future and the Queen has largely been its creator." Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex will be thrust into the royal spotlight later this month for their Caribbean tour, although several alterations have likely been made to their schedule to ensure "maximum goodwill". Mr Fitzwilliams added: "As the Earl and Countess of Wessex head off to the Caribbean, their agenda will have been carefully revised to ensure the maximum goodwill is generated. "Even the Queen has weathered a controversial royal visit, that to India in 1997.  DON'T MISS:Princess Madeleine of Sweden's Art Deco engagement ring is worth £150K [PICTURES]Kate and William have ruled out 5 homes for Windsor move [INSIGHT]William could reinvent Prince of Wales role when Charles is King [ANALYSIS] "She has memorably said 'I must be seen to be believed' and there is no better way of seeing a British royal than on a mutually beneficial overseas tour." According to reports, if there were plans for Sophie and Edward to greet crowds in an open-top car like the Queen did on previous visits, they have likely been "quietly shelved" following the Cambridges' similar ill-received move last month. Victoria Ward wrote in The Telegraph: "Palace officials desperate to avoid further PR pitfalls have been carefully studying the Wessexes’ itinerary ahead of their tour later this month of Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia and St Vincent and the Grenadines. "Part of the criticism facing the Cambridges’ tour was that there was too much focus on emulating the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh’s hugely successful tours of their day. "While the Wessexes will certainly want to ensure the focus remains on the Queen’s historic seven-decade reign, any potential plans to echo their movements in Grenada by greeting the crowds in an open-top car, as Her Majesty and Prince Philip did on their first visit to the country in 1966, will have been quietly shelved." 