Manpreet (played by Rebecca Sarker) hasn't had the best start to the year on Emmerdale, having been held hostage by her sister Meena (Paige Sandhu) twice and almost dying on both occasions. With the ITV soap villain having been found guilty of over 20 crimes, it seems she will never leave jail as the judge throws away the key, which would include the charges for the siege of the courtroom. However, it was during these recent events Manpreet could have incriminated herself and thus, a double exit could be on the cards for the Jutla sisters. When Manpreet was taken hostage by her sister, she thought this was going to be the end as Meena held a sharp piece of broken mirror against her neck. For the majority of the time they were in the courtroom, the villain had the weapon in her hand but the situation changed when they were outside in the courtyard. As the killer goaded her sibling about how she killed their father, she was sure Manpreet shared her criminal ways as she was convinced her sister was going to murder her. By the time the armed police arrived on the scene, Manpreet was the one with the weapon in her hand and she was willing to commit a crime whether they were there or not. In the end and after ignoring the authorities' pleas to drop the shard of the broken mirror, she let Meena go and they escorted her back to her cell. READ MORE: Jack Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jack Millar now? Even though Manpreet didn't technically injure or bring harm to her sister, the fact she ignored the police when they asked her to drop the weapon could make them think twice about whether she should be allowed to walk free. Although the crime was not as serious as her sister's, she could still be put on the stand to face the judge and receive her punishment. The doctor, who also lied about Liam Cavanagh (Johnny McPherson) pushing her sister over a bridge, could also be facing a sentence behind bars for perverting the course of justice. With Meena found guilty of killing his daughter Leanne Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger), Liam could have felt an immense sense of guilt for pushing Meena. In the aftermath of the trial, he could have confessed to the crime and told the police Manpreet helped him cover it up. This could come as a surprise to Manpreet as she could only be told about the charge once she is on the stand in front of the judge. With Liam likely to spend time behind bars, as well, although he could plead self-defence, Manpreet would have nothing to fall back on for perverting the course of justice. Although the judge would take into account the circumstances of her actions, he could sentence the doctor to a couple of years in jail. The beloved villager would be absolutely devastated, knowing she has met the same fate as her murderous sister Meena. It would bring an end to her four years in the village, but having a shorter sentence than the villain, will she be back at some point? DON'T MISS...Paige Sandhu health: Soap star on 'terrible' anxiety - symptoms [ANALYSIS]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] The actress who plays Meena, Paige, spoke with Express.co.uk and the media, explaining her character wants Manpreet behind bars with her. When asked if this was the plan, the soap star said: "Oh, yes. Because Meena knew she was going to have to go to prison for the manslaughter of Ben [Tucker]. "She had to because of the glove evidence so her plan was to take down as many people with her. "Liam for pushing Meena over the bridge and hoping he would get sent to prison for the rest of his life. She won't get to see him but she knows she will have got her revenge. "And for Manpreet to be imprisoned with her because then they can be like sisters together in prison as Manpreet can then forgive her and it will be fine in her delusional world." Therefore, could Meena be joined by her sister behind bars or will Manpreet be able to talk herself out of joining the villain? Whatever happens, whether she leaves or not, the impact of the trial is going to have huge repercussions on Manpreet's life. This is because she now knows it was Meena who killed their father so she could never properly say goodbye to him before he died. For years, this has haunted the doctor but knowing her sister was behind his death makes the pain that much harder to bear. Although she will have her partner, Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin), by her side, she is really going to struggle. The actress who plays Manpreet, Rebecca, has hinted at a worrying future for her character as she told Express.co.uk and other media it is going to be a battle. Rebecca explained: "It's going to be a long road. It will be a long road to recovery if at all." With this teaser Manpreet is never going to be the same again, spending some time with Meena behind bars could do her good to understand why her sister is the way she is. As there are no weapons or no more forms of trauma the villain can inflict on her sister, they will be on an even playing field for the first time in years. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.