Brenda Edwards, 53, is set to make her long-awaited return to Loose Women today for the first time since her son, Jamal Edwards, died in February. She marked her first day back with a tribute to Jamal as she made her way into the ITV studio. Brenda was filmed walking through the corridor behind-the-scenes at Loose Women while singing Chandelier by Sia at the top of her lungs. The clip ended with a cameo from The Script’s Danny O’Donoghue, who whistled in approval and said in reference to his role as a coach on The Voice: “I want her on my team, let her be on my team!” Brenda accompanied the video with the emotional caption: “First show back @loosewomen with Ruth Langsford, Coleen Nolan and Kelle Bryan with bespoke liquorice jewellery and my corridor sessions. "Today I dedicate to my baby Jamal who would love this cheeky cameo from the divine Danny #SelfBelief.” READ MORE:Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’  Many of Brenda’s friends and fans took to the comments to wish her luck. Soap expert Sharon Marshall wrote: “Good luck today ladies, love and admiration.” User EM replied: “Go Brenda. Happy to see you back. You are one wonderful lady and bet Jamal is watching you. Have a brill show xx.” While Morag echoed: “It will be great to see you back Brenda, big step for you. I will be supporting you all the way!” And Steve added: “You inspire others as [Jamal] inspired you. Shine bright, you are amazing.” Brenda’s return comes after she opened up about Jamal’s death in a candid interview with her friend, Coleen Nolan. In the chat, which aired on Monday, the heartbroken mum revealed she was holding her 31-year-old son’s hand when he died. She told Coleen: “I was with him and his sister was with us, we were all at home. DON'T MISSWill Smith may face 'one of ugliest divorces' as Jada talks 'healing'[INSIGHT]Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip[LATEST]Kiefer Sutherland details ‘distant’ relationship with dad Donald[NEWS] “It was sudden and it was unexpected and he went into cardiac arrest. "Then he passed with me holding his hand. "I get a little bit of comfort from knowing I was with him.” Nevertheless, Brenda said she remains haunted by that “vision” and that she knows it is something she will “never forget”. When Coleen asked how she was doing, Brenda explained she was “taking each day as it comes”. She continued: “He always had this lovely, bright smile, just used to light up. He had this funny laugh. “I feel his presence constantly and I know I’ve always been somebody who has faith and who believes in that and that has been a massive comfort to me.” Loose Women airs on weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.