Advancing Russian tanks, with the letter Z emblazoned across their front plates, have been filmed being hit by missiles launched by Ukraine's 54th Mechanized Brigade in the Donbas region. As the tanks advance in a column formation, an explosion is seen over the leading vehicles, with a huge plume of smoke erupting above.    The Russian tanks come to an abrupt halt as the Ukrainian Ground Force division bombards the area, punching bomb holes into the ground near the tanks. Later footage shows the vehicles immobile and abandoned as the soldiers look to flee the devastation. Some of the tanks, still smoking from the missile hits, are encircled by holes in the ground that appear to be caused by more bombs. The person filming then gets up close to one of the tanks, with the letter Z, now unanimous with the Russian invasion, drawn in bold white on the tank’s turret.    The 54th Mechanized Brigade is part of the Operation Command East in Ukraine and was founded in 2014. It is based in Bakhmut, a city in eastern Ukraine roughly 200km north of the besieged port city of Mariupol. Russian forces have been attempting to remove remaining Ukrainian forces from Mariupol and the surrounding areas in its second attempt at invading the country. It comes as Western officials claimed that Russia is “still in a position to win” the conflict in Ukraine. READ MORE: Putin on brink of 'long-awaited victory that he desires' [INSIGHT]  Russian forces captured more than 40 villages in the eastern Donetsk region on Thusday, an aide to UKraine President Volodymyr Zelensky’s chief of staff said. Olena Symonenko told viewers on Ukraine TV: “Today 42 villages were added to the list of those that have been occupied. “This is at the expense of the Donetsk region. This happened today and [it] might be that our forces will win them back tomorrow.” Vadym Boichenko, the mayor of Mariupol, also claimed that Russian forces have been burying Ukrainian civilian bodies caught in the crossfire of their mass shelling. DON'T MISS: Putin launches chilling new missile 'Satan 2' in threat to West [REVEAL] Putin stokes fear of nuclear war as TU-95 "Bear' bombers spotted  [REPORT]UK intelligence finds Russia 'targeting civilian infrastructure' [REVEAL]  Mr Boichenko said: “The invaders are concealing evidence of their crimes. The cemetery is located near a petrol station to the left side of a circular road. “The Russians have dug huge trenches, 30 metres wide. They chuck people in.” A US satellite imagery company has released photos that appear to match the site where the trenches are believed to be, in the nearby village of Manhush. Amid the devastation, Latvia and Estonia joined the scores of countries to label Russia’s invasion as an “act of genocide” over its continued assault on the east.   