The actor appeared via video link during Monday's The One Show as he chatted with BBC hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas about Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. However, just minutes into the segment, Benedict was forced to correct Jermaine after he misquoted what he'd said in a previous interview. "People are going to be really excited and (as) Alex said, I am one of them about the return of Doctor Strange in the latest Marvel film," Jermaine began. "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, but you've actually said that this could be the biggest Marvel film to date. "That is a statement, Benedict, so why do you say that?" Setting the BBC host straight, the actor hit back: "Could be... is maybe what I said?" READ MORE: Jane McDonald forced to explain awkward wardrobe mishap "It's been slightly blown out of proportion," he pointed out as Jermaine was left scrambling. He continued: "There's nothing like pride before a fall, is there? "I think what I mean is, it's on the heels of Spiderman No Way Home, it is an enormous global phenomenon really. "And in light of COVID-19 and people just coming back from the cinema and the records that broke is just remarkable, phenomenal considering where we were at then and now I think there's more appetite and more confidence about going to the cinema and this is the next in what is a very long-form series. "There is a massive appetite to find out what happens next so we are very well set up, that doesn't mean to say it is going to be the most successful film of all time or some such nonsense." "However, I am just very excited to be back as him," Benedict admitted. "And I am really excited for the fans to see." Benedict went on to discuss a funny moment on set when he was hounded by the paparazzi. "Now, our researchers, Benedict, have done a little bit of digging I suppose into you going into a coffee shop," Jermaine said. "I don't know whether you were off-set or on-set but you're wearing your Doctor Strange outfit. I mean, I can only imagine people's faces when you just bowl in." DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley in shock at Angela Rayner controversy [REACTION]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles pays tribute to co-star [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun's Lee pays tribute co-star after exit [INSIGHT] He went on to ask: "Were you just acting all normal?" "It was such a New York moment," the Doctor Strange star recalled. "We were filming on location in New York, which is the spiritual geographical home of this comic character and we were not far from the set. "We were trying to find some cover there because the paparazzi have right of way, they get in the middle of the shots and you can't move them because of their rights." "There was no way of escaping them," he added. "They were just everywhere and my wife was on set and some of our friends who live in New York. "I just thought, 'this is kind of getting ridiculous', I just needed a moment's break. "So, I just said, 'We're going to go and get a coffee and so we walked in with all those cuts and bruises on my face as well. "The whole cafe just stopped and looked and then carried on talking about their weekend." The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.