Long waiting times have been reported for getting the passports back after renewing the travel document. Travellers should normally allow a few weeks to get their passports back. However, this process should not take more than 10 weeks after submitting the application. Online applications have an average processing time of between five to six weeks. Many travellers, however, have taken to social media to complain about the ongoing delays with hundreds being forced to cancel their upcoming holidays. READ MORE: Ryanair flight to Alicante declares emergency after take-off Ricky Walker said on Twitter: "@HM_Passport I’ve got to say I have received the worst service I have ever had from your staff. "Now my daughter has missed her holiday despite the application going in on January 31. Also out of pocket." Sophia Baker commented: "@HM_Passport are a JOKE. "Renewed seven weeks ago was advised it would come in time... hours on hold. No call backs.  "Why has the busiest business at the moment not got the correct manpower?" Kerry Ryan explained: "@HM_Passport absolutely dire customer service. Applied with plenty of time - stated five weeks at time of application. "Had 10 weeks to travel. Looks like £4,000 holiday will be wasted. "I will be seeking these from HM Passport. Can’t get through on phone." Some travellers also reported mistakes on their new passports. Twitter user @Becky100479 explained: "After paying for two fast track appointments because you made mistakes on both... my 15-year-old can not go on our holiday tomorrow. "Your service is a joke. Look forward to my complaint." The news comes after hundreds of British Airways and easyJet flights were cancelled this week due to staff shortages. Passengers at major airports such as Manchester, Heathrow, and Birmingham experienced chaotic scenes at the terminal where they faced lengthy queues. The managing director at Manchester Airport, Karen Smart, resigned earlier this week after the incident. Express.co.uk has contacted the Home Office for comment.