UPDATE: Fortnite is officially offline for server maintenance. The news was confirmed by Epic Games on Twitter: "We're beginning to disable matchmaking in preparation for the v20.20 update, with server downtime beginning soon. We’ll let you all know when downtime has ended!" The game is expected to remain offline until around 11am BST, although there's a strong chance servers will return ahead of schedule, so keep checking back for more information. ORIGINAL: Fortnite developer Epic Games will take Battle Royale, Creative and Save the World offline for server maintenance as part of update 20.20. Fortnite's latest major update has an April 19 release date on PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, PC, Android and Switch. As is standard with all numbered Fortnite updates, 20.20 launches alongside a period of server downtime, which means the game will be offline in the early morning. If you're wondering how long Fortnite will be offline for server maintenance, check out the details below for the full update 20.20 downtime schedule. According to Epic Games on Twitter, Fortnite matchmaking will be disabled at 8.30am BST in the UK. If you're already in a match before 8.30am, you can continue to play until servers go offline in full at 9am BST UK time. At 9am BST (4am ET), all players will be kicked out of Fortnite until downtime comes to an end. In the meantime, you'll be able to download and install the new update. The news was announced by Epic Games on Twitter: "Battle lines continue to shift, the v20.20 update is scheduled for release on April 19th. Downtime will begin at 04:00 AM ET, with matchmaking being disabled 30 minutes beforehand." While there's no official end time for the server maintenance, downtime typically lasts for around two hours. This means you'll be able to jump back in to Fortnite at around 11am BST at the very latest. Express Online will keep this article updated with any new developments. As for what to expect from update 20.20, the latest Fortnite tweet hints at big changes to the map. As "battle lines continue to shift", expect the island to be reshaped by the ongoing conflict between The Seven and the IO. Fortnite update 20.20 also adds the Prowler skin to the latest Battle Pass, as well as related items. Needless to say, the next major Fortnite update will make a whole host of bug fixes and gameplay tweaks, which Express Online will reveal once the patch goes live.