Princess Diana’s biographer Tina Brown said the pair’s frosty relationship has not recovered after a reported breakdown following Prince Harry’s bombshell decision to leave the Royal Family with his wife Meghan Markle in early 2020. Ms Brown said Harry, 38, “adored” his sister-in-law Kate, his older brother’s wife, but when the pair married he started to feel like Bridget Jones with a “perfect couple”.  But she said there were signs of “major tensions” between the pair way before this as a young Harry had to play “second banana” to his brother Prince William, who would grow up to be King. Speaking ahead of the release of her new book The Palace Papers, Ms Brown said relations between Prince William and the Duke of Sussex were “very bad”. She told The Telegraph magazine: “I’m told there’s absolutely nothing going on between them at the moment.  “The truth is the more charismatic prince was the younger brother. That was very difficult because Harry had to be contained and a role found for him. “He had all these interests in Africa and conservation, but so did William and Harry always had to play second banana. “Diana insisted, much to her credit as a mother, that the two boys would be treated the same, but they were never going to be the same, that’s the problem.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan 'addicted to drama' as couple snub “Gradually, that became a major tension between them. William had this great destiny ahead of him, he knew who he was. For Harry, it’s like, ‘Who am I going to be – Uncle Andrew? Am I really going there?’” Since Harry left the UK in early 2020, the brothers have only seen each other twice. Once at the funeral of Prince Philip and the other for the unveiling of a statue of their late mother Princess Diana. Meghan, Harry, William and Kate – once dubbed the Fab Four – now appear to have a distant relationship.  DON'T MISS 'Emotionally needy' Harry 'utterly taken over by Meghan' [CLAIMS]Young Prince Harry ‘unnerved’ Camilla with 'resentful stares' [INTERVIEW]Queen 'distressed' by 'grotesque' Prince Andrew scandal [OPINION] Harry’s relationship with his older brother and sister-in-law, with whom he was once close with, broke down following his bombshell decision to step down as a senior royal. But reports of a feud between both the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and William and Kate have circulated since Meghan joined the Royal Family. And Prince Harry appeared to hint of a royal feud with his brother, the future King, early on in October 2019 when he told an ITV documentary the pair were on “different paths”.  Relations became more strained when Prince Harry and Meghan carried out a sensational interview with Oprah Winfrey last year and the duke claimed William was "trapped" within the monarchy and added: "My brother can’t leave that system, but I have”. In the same interview, Meghan claimed Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, had made her cry before her Royal Wedding. Ms Brown added: “William was disgusted about Meghan’s attack on Kate because she can’t answer back.” Representatives for Prince Harry and Prince William have been contacted.