Manchester United will have to likely dip into the transfer market to find a striker this summer as they also look for a new manager. Their neighbours, on the other hand, are closing in on a multi-million deal to sign Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund.  As United ponder their next move in the managerial market, the approaching summer transfer window also presents a number of problems as well as solutions. On one hand, several players are expected to leave - including Edinson Cavani when his contract expires when the season ends. But the Red Devils will also have the chance to replace the Uruguayan, though they will find that signing a striker is not cheap. In fact, just across the road, City are preparing to bring in Haaland - who could cost a total outlay of over £300million. A new manager is likely going to want to bring in a number of new faces so spending anywhere near that amount on a forward is pretty much out of the question. So, who can United sign for a fraction of the cost of Haaland but still be good enough to front a new era at Old Trafford? What better alternative is there to Haaland than the man that has filled his shoes at RB Salzburg, where the Norway international first made his name? Sesko has all the attributes to become a superstar. He is bulky but quick across the ground, a massive aerial threat, able to hold the ball up and bring others into play. Many have tipped the 18-year-old to go on and have a long career banging goals in, and Ralf Rangnick can use his connections at RB Salzburg to help facilitate a deal. The Germany-born striker has been floating around in the lower levels of football but his goalscoring ability cannot be sniffed at, netting for fun wherever he has been. Brighton took a punt on him in January after impressing at sister club Union SG before loaning him back. The 25-year-old is among the best strikers for goals to games after netting 26 in 34, while he has also provided 10 assist, but whether he could lead the line at United remains to be seen, especially without being given a chance to shine in one of the top leagues. Nevertheless, Undav could be a name to remember in years to come if he hits the ground running at Brighton next season. While his father Diego Simeone might be renowned for his ultra-defensive methods, Giovani could not be more different, with hitting the back of the net the only thing on his mind. After signing for Hellas Verona last year on loan, El Cholito has been in fine form - scoring 16 times this season. Earlier this season, Simeone stunned Maurizio Sarri's Lazio when he scored all four in a 4-1 win and United could do with someone with that kind of firepower. However, Verona will likely trigger an option that will make the loan permanent from Cagliari - but they would not be able to reject a bid from United should one come. Staying in Italy, there is another striker making a name for himself up in the north going by the name Scamacca. The 23-year-old is one of the latest players to develop at Sassuolo, who have helped made the likes of Manuel Locatelli, Domenico Berardi and Jeremy Boga top stars in Serie A. The Italy international stands a towering 6ft5 and is an absolute nuisance for defenders, scoring 13 times this season. However, he is not the only striker at the Neroverdi that is causing an impact... Scamacca's strike partner Raspadori creates a classic little-and-large combo but there is plenty to get excited about the 22-year-old. Denoted for his quick and agile style of player, the forward often plays as a second striker to his taller friend, though his ability to use both feet and create as well as score goals have many remarking him as the better talent. Raspadori has drawn comparisons to Carlos Tevez while the player himself as cited Sergio Ageuro as his main inspiration and has been earmarked as Italy's next elite striker. It might be best if United get in early to get one of these strikers at Sassuolo before they inevitably sign for Juventus.