The former world No 1 said he was “encouraged” by his opening round in the Masters despite a couple of late blunders. His first day at Augusta finished with a one-over 73, six shots off the lead. The Northern Irishman is making his eighth attempt to take home the iconic Green Jacket. Speaking to reporters afterwards, he said: “I don't really care where I'm at on the leaderboard, it doesn't matter. “I played well. I hit the ball great from tee to green for the most part.” McIlroy headed to the putting green before calling it a day on Thursday, hoping to fine tune his game as he faces an uphill battle in a bid for Masters glory. Away from golf, McIlroy boasts an impressive contacts book, and mixes with some of the biggest names on the planet — including the Royal Family. READ MORE: Tiger Woods was left 'so p***** off' after Muhammad Ali punched him Having previously worked alongside Meghan Markle, McIlroy was asked in 2018 if he had any advice for Prince Harry. Speaking at the BMW PGA Championship, just days after the royal wedding, he said: “I obviously know Meghan a little bit but then how do you answer a question like that because there are clearly cultural differences as there is between Erica and myself. “There would be cultural differences for Prince Harry even if he married someone from Britain and as was the case with his brother, Prince William just because of how he grew-up. “I watched the Royal Wedding and everything went well, and she handled herself with such grace. “So, there’s no doubt she will embrace the role and all you can do is to congratulate the both of them and wish them well in their lives together.” McIlroy knows all too well what it is like marrying an American, having met his now-wife Erica in 2015. The pair married two years later, and welcomed their first child in September 2020. McIlroy worked with the Duchess of Sussex before she married Harry. DON'T MISS:Masters 2022: Four things missed asTiger Woods shouts 'f*** off' [INSIGHT]Jon Rahm explained club foot behind famous swing [QUOTES]Masters cut line 2022: Latest projections with Justin Thomas in danger [NEW] In 2014, she took part in the iconic ALS Ice Bucket Challenge after the golfer nominated her. Meghan, starring as Rachel Zane in Suits at the time, duly accepted and threw a bucket of water over her head. The pair were later spotted enjoying a meal in Dublin, and confirmed they were nothing more than friends. Meghan went on to date Canadian-Italian chef Cory Vitiello, and later, her now-husband the Duke of Sussex. McIlroy, meanwhile, began dating Stoll shortly after the meeting with Meghan. The pair keep a low-profile in their relationship, and steer clear of the limelight. Stoll, originally from New York, is a former PGA of America employee. According to GolfMagic, the pair first knew each other in 2012, when she came to his rescue at the Ryder Cup at Medinah. McIlroy was reportedly fashionably late for his tee-time before facing American rival Keegan Bradley. Stoll was at hand to make him aware he had to hurry to the golf course, ultimately saving his blushes. A police escort swiftly arrived and took McIlroy to the course, where he brushed Bradley aside and contributed towards Team Europe’s famous comeback win in Illinois. The pair got to know each other in 2014, after McIlroy split from tennis star Caroline Wozniacki, and became engaged in Paris the following year. They tied the knot in a lavish ceremony at Ashford Castle in County Mayo, Ireland. Among the attendees were One Direction singer Niall Horan and Spanish golfer Sergio Garcia. Rory McIlroy tees off at 3:45pm this afternoon, with coverage available on Sky Sports.