The founder of refugee charity Care4Calais has declared the announcement of the Government’s Rwanda plan has not deterred the Channel crossing attempts of despairing migrants. Clare Moseley argued those seeking to reach the UK through illegal Channel voyages have not been discouraged by the threat of transportation to Rwanda as the migrants cannot choose to return to their own home countries. “I asked a maritime expert and he said it’s not surprising that people haven’t crossed in the last eight days,” argued Ms Moseley. Government data suggested no migrants in small boats have been detected crossing the channel since April 20.    “People have crossed since the announcement, when expected, and haven’t crossed when the waves are high,” said the charity founder. Ms Moseley argued the harsh weather conditions have acted as a temporary deterrent to migrants attempting the crossing on small vessels. She continued: “The other thing that I would say is, because a lot of journalists ask us about this, we went and talked to people in Calais about it.” “Our volunteers have been out talking to people over the last couple of days,” explained the Care4Calais representative. “Of the first 45 people that we asked, 85 percent of them said it wouldn’t stop them from coming for various reasons,” Ms Moseley revealed. She elaborated, “the types of things that they said to us were, ‘we’ve come this far, we can’t go home.’” The charity founder explained the Rwanda plan would not discourage migrants from making the crossing as they are unable to return home and so are forced to push on to the UK. “The essence of being a refugee is that you’ve come from one of the most dangerous places in the world and you’ve come from somewhere you can’t go back to,” said Ms Moseley. Read more: Migrants will fly to Rwanda in 'private jet' if protests hit airlines  Care4Calais is a volunteer-led charity dedicated to providing essential aid to refugees. The charity currently operates across the UK, Northern France and Belgium. Care4Calais advocates for a “welcoming and inclusive attitude towards refugees” and encourages the UK to be “fair and tolerant” surrounding the migrant crisis. Clare Moseley established the charity in 2015 while she was volunteering in Calais refugees camp. Don't miss: Boris is ONLY PM because Britain voted Brexit' Farage slams border row [VIDEO]Priti Patel’s plan will help solve migrant crisis [COMMENT]'Get over African stereotype!' Fury as Left 'belittles' Rwanda [REPORT] The current asylum system in the UK costs the taxpayer an estimated £1.5 billion a year. In order to ease pressure on the existing system, the UK Government has proposed a plan to transport migrants arriving via illegal Channel crossings to be settled in Rwanda. Refugees can only claim UK asylum once on British soil so, in order to avoid being moved to Rwanda, migrants will have to arrive in the UK through a safe and legal route. The Rwanda plan will largely target the large numbers of young single men arriving by small boats across the channel that seek to claim asylum in the UK.   