Recalling his health ordeal, Pemberton explained that he was a young actor working in a theatre company in Germany, when he suddenly started to feel unwell. He was told by doctors that he had had a myocardial infarction, another term for a heart attack. Strangely however, when the actor returned to the UK, doctors could find no trace of what caused the condition in the first place. In an interview back in 2012, Pemberton addressed the mystery about his condition, he said: “When I got back to the UK and had other tests they couldn’t find any trace of it so I still don’t really know what happened.” The NHS explains that a heart attack is a serious medical emergency in which the supply of blood to the heart is suddenly blocked. This blockage is usually caused by a blood clot, which develops due to a build-up of plaque in the arteries. When a plaque breaks (ruptures), a blood clot quickly forms. During a heart attack, the blood and oxygen supply is cut off so muscle cells of the heart begin to suffer damage and start to die. Irreversible damage begins within 30 minutes of blockage. Due to the severe nature of a heart attack, it is important to know the signs and symptoms, which include the following:  READ MORE: Vitamin B12 deficiency: Unsteady movements 'may be subtle at first but usually increase'  Continuing to talk about his own experience, Pemberton went on to say: “I’m OK, though, touch wood. Everything is fine.” Following his health scare and suspected heart attack, the actor lost an impressive two stone by making drastic changes to both his lifestyle and daily diet. He went on to say: “I’m aware of what happened to me and have regular check-ups. I lost two stone last year by dieting and taking up jogging. “I was writing episodes of Benidorm and was finally able to manage my time to fit in the exercise.  “As you get older the things that really scare you are the thoughts of anything bad happening to your family... and your own mortality.” As previously mentioned, one of the main causes of heart attack is coronary heart disease (CHD) - where the major blood vessels that supply the heart with blood become clogged with deposits of cholesterol - and those who are more at risk of developing CHD are those who: Therefore, the main things individuals can do to reduce their risk of having a heart attack involves dramatic lifestyle changes and monitoring any prior health conditions. Eating healthily, being physically active and cutting down on alcohol are three of the top suggestions from the British Heart Foundation (BHF) that individuals can make to reduce their risk of heart attacks.  The NHS adds that eating an unhealthy diet that is high in fat will make hardening of the arteries (atherosclerosis) worse and increase your risk of a heart attack. Foods high in saturated fat include: Therefore, individuals should aim to eat a Mediterranean-style diet which includes bread, fruit, fish and less meat. Replacing butter and cheese with products based on vegetable and plant oil, such as olive oil, are also ways to eat a healthy diet. Low-impact activities such as walking, swimming and cycling are also recommended. More strenuous activities, such as playing football and squash, may only be suitable for some individuals, and not for those who may have already suffered from a heart attack. Men and women are advised not to regularly drink more than 14 units of alcohol a week. This is equivalent to six pints of average-strength beer, or 10 small glasses of low-strength wine. Regularly exceeding the recommended alcohol limits raises your blood pressure and cholesterol level, increasing your risk of a heart attack. 