Newcastle are willing to pay Philippe Coutinho a seven-figure signing-on bonus in order to convince him to join them over the likes of Arsenal or Aston Villa in the summer transfer window, according to reports. Coutinho, who is spending the rest of the season on loan at Villa Park, is widely expected to leave Barcelona at the end of the current campaign after a turbulent four-year spell at the Nou Camp. The former Liverpool playmaker had seemed to have been poised to join Villa on a permanent basis in the summer after the west Midlands club struck a £40million option-to-buy agreement with Barcelona earlier this year. However, it seems as though he will have plenty of options on the table at the end of the season, with Arsenal and Newcastle also believed to be circling.The Magpies are seriously considering a move for Coutinho to serve as their main creative outlet next season and would be willing to pay a signing-on fee of £1m in order to swing proceedings in their favour, according to Sport. It is claimed that Villa are still the frontrunners to land Coutinho at this early stage, although Barcelona would not rule out selling him to Newcastle if they decide to submit a better offer.Coutinho is said to be enjoying life at Villa and would be open to the idea of staying permanently, but it remains to be seen whether the club would be able to pay the entirety of his salary, which is currently in excess of £400,000 per week. Barcelona are paying a significant portion of this figure at present, but a summer exit would see Villa forced to take on the rest of the financial burden for themselves. JUST IN: Mane and Salah’s pact of silence can help Liverpool's title push The midfielder is grateful to Villa for providing him with the opportunity to resurrect his career after a difficult few years but has instructed his entourage to listen to offers from elsewhere as he weighs up his options ahead of next season. Arsenal and Everton are known to be keen admirers of Coutinho but Newcastle are said to have shown the most interest in snapping him up when the bidding opens in the summer.The Tyneside outfit are believed to have already reached out to Barcelona to discuss the possibility of landing Coutinho at the end of the campaign. He has been identified as a key target by the club's Saudi owners, who are looking to lead them into the upper reaches of the Premier League table by splashing out on high-profile reinforcements over the coming years. Coutinho has chipped in with four goals and three assists for Villa in just 10 matches and will be looking to keep his form up in order to help the club to a top-half finish between now and the end of the campaign. He will seemingly have no shortage of promising offers to consider in the summer but it remains to be seen where his future will play out as he approaches his 30th birthday.The Brazilian maestro joined Barcelona from Liverpool for a fee in the region of £122million back in 2018 but has failed to live up to expectations during his time with the Catalan giants. He made just 16 appearances for his parent club during the first half of the season and will be out of contract in the summer of 2023 as things stand, with the summer window likely to be crucial in shaping the direction of his future career. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here