World No.1 Novak Djokovic helps ASICS design their shoes in order to gain any sort of advantage on the court, according to ASICS Brand Trainer Marc Sieber. Djokovic is gearing up to play in the clay-court season and extend his lead atop the world rankings following the news that Daniil Medvedev is out of action for a while. Tennis is a sport where equipment plays a major role in a player's performance. Each player needs to feel comfortable in his shoes on every surface, with each one - grass, clay, and hard - offering a different challenge. Arguably the greatest champion in the sport’s history, Djokovic is renowned for his attention to detail and his shoes are certainly no different. The Serb is the Global Footwear Partner of ASICS and has a shoewear line in his name. Sieber revealed Djokovic is involved in the process of designing the shoes, highlighting their importance to his game. Speaking to Tennisnet.com, Sieber said: “It works very well because top athletes like Novak Djokovic are involved in the creation of the new models. READ MORE: Jo-Wilfried Tsonga announces decision to retire from tennis “He works closely with our ISS (Institute of Sport Science) in Kobe, Japan and is in constant contact with the experts inside on site.” The 34-year-old is currently preparing to play at the Monte-Carlo Masters as he seeks form ahead of the French Open at Roland Garros. Djokovic was keen to play at Indian Wells and Miami but was denied entry into the United States due to his vaccine status. His brother Djordje confirmed Djokovic was in Belgrade ahead of the Monaco tournament, which begins on Saturday. The World No.1 is able to compete at the event and Roland Garros - where he is a two-time winner and reigning champion - after France removed its vaccine mandate. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu has 'audition with new highly sought after coach'Emma Raducanu defended by Chris Evert over mounting pressureFederer named 'artist' by O'Sullivan in Nadal and Djokovic comparison “Novak is here, training in Belgrade and preparing for Monte Carlo,” Djordje Djokovic told K1's ‘Kec na jedanaest’ show. “He went through a terrible period, but he endured till the end and showed and proved why he is what he is. “He was in Dubai and unfortunately lost the quarterfinals there. He lacks the continuity of matches and tournaments, to be on the field. I hope that he will continue with great games, and Belgrade and Monte Carlo are tournaments where he is preparing for Roland Garros and Wimbledon. “Until the last moment, he did not know if he would be able to play, but fortunately, he will appear in Paris, Rome, London and Madrid. The ATP does not have much say in this, since rules vary from country to country.”