Argos PS5 stock could become available to buy imminently. Reliable PS5 stock tracker account @PS5StockAlertUK has received word that the major UK high-street retailer is preparing to launch a "big" PS5 restock which will mainly be Disc consoles (90 percent of Disc systems with the remaining 10 percent Digital). The Argos PS5 restock is expected to go live any day this week between 3am and 8am UK time. And at the start of this week PS5 stock hunters have received a clear sign that a restock could be dropping soon. On Monday April 11 reports emerged that some Argos customers had managed to place an order. This could be due to stock becoming available early at certain Argos branches. ARGOS PS5 DISC ORDER PAGE ARGOS PS5 DIGITAL ORDER  As the @IGNUKDeals Twitter account explained: "Seeing a few reports of Argos having PS5s available, seems to be something off (probably some local stock showing up early) but worth checking the Argos app this evening to see if anything pops up". Express.co.uk has also seen activity in the Argos app itself which suggests the retailer is preparing for a PS5 restock. When we checked the Argos app on the afternoon of Monday April 11 we spotted a few things. Firstly, the PS5 Disc listing in the Argos app has a special offer tag which wasn't showing before. Updates like this to the Argos app usually happen in advance of more PlayStation 5 stock becoming available to buy. And the special offer that's being promoted is especially interest, with the Argos app saying the retailer will offer money off a PS5 bundle.  Argos says it will offer a £30 saving when customers purchase a PS5 with Horizon Forbidden West. This will be available for £479.99 compared to the usual price of £509.98. Interestingly as well, Argos says this offer will be available until May 1 2022. That's a lengthy amount of time for the offer to be available, especially considering PS5 stock usually sells out fast - which may be a sign Argos will be getting a hefty restock. The @PS5StockAlertUK Twitter account previously claimed the next Argos restock would be a major one. Last week it tweeted: "Big PS5 Restock Expected by Argos".  And after the PS5 started to appear available in-app for some Argos customers the PS5 stock tracker also posted: "Important: Remember, this is just a small glitch that occurs before Argos goes live with their PS5 drops, and will only be successful for some areas, not all. "The main drop should be soon." Elsewhere, the @PS5StockAlertUK Twitter is also anticipating a PS5 restock at Very which is predicted to go live between 9am and 10.30am on Tuesday April 12. PS5 Disc and Digital console is rumoured to become available to buy on the Very website. PURCHASE PS5 FROM VERY 