Kate Middleton and Prince William never fail to turn heads, but how do they compare to other stylish famous couples, such as Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker or Machine Gun Kelly and Megan Fox? A study by New Look voted the royal pair number one. Fashion retailer New Look took a deep dive into social media sentiment, monthly search volumes and the number of articles surrounding the biggest celebrity duos and their fashion statements. Kate Middleton and Prince William were found to be the most popular fashion duo on social media. In the past year, the future King and Queen Consort amassed over 8.1 million social engagements around their fashion choices. Some 85 percent of those social media engagements were positive, gaining "love" reactions. It is clear that royal style is here to stay, with the Duke and Duchess receiving more than 30.6k monthly searches for their fashion inspiration. READ MORE: 'True Fergie style': Sarah Ferguson wore wedding tiara post-divorce This is unsurprising, considering the Duchess of Cambridge is extremely versatile in her fashion choices. At the James Bond, No Time to Die premiere, Kate made headlines in the iconic ‘Cape Effect Sequinned Dress’ by Jenny Packham, which was £1,168 reduced from £3,893. But royal fans can also recreate the Duchess' looks with high street steals from retailers such as Accessorize, Boden, Jigsaw and M&S. Royal duos such as Meghan Markle and Prince Harry did not make the top 10. Following Kate and William, the second most popular fashion duo were Kanye West and Kim Kardashian. Although they are no longer a couple, their time together was met with divisive opinions on their fashion choices, with the pair receiving both heavy criticism and adoration. In the past year, they had 5.6 million social engagements about their couple style. A whopping 68 percent of these social engagements prompted "haha" reactions from their followers. They received only slightly less monthly searches than the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge: 29,800. However, an incredible 19,463 articles were written about their style, whereas Kate and Will were only written about 8,555 times. The third most popular fashion duo were Zendaya and Tom Holland. This couple gained 2,428,511 social engagements surrounding their style. Of these engagements, an impressive 81 percent of reactions were that of "love". Constantly walking the red carpets of the year's biggest blockbusters' and series', it is unsurprising that the relatively new fashion couple gain a huge 207,100 searches per month. Prince William and Kate Middleton, however, are the King and Queen of fashion when it comes to couples in the style spotlight. Prince William and Kate Middleton Kanye West and Kim Kardashian Zendaya and Tom Holland Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker Machine Gun Kelly and Megan Fox Kanye West and Julia Fox Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively Rihanna and ASAP Rocky Jay-Z and Beyonce Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake