Two recent developments have thrust Williams’ approaching position as the Prince of Wales into the spotlight. Firstly, there have been concerns surrounding the Queen’s health after her Covid diagnosis and subsequent reduced public appearances. Secondly, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s controversial tour of the Caribbean resulted in a social media furore.  As Prince William prepares for his new role, whenever it may come, his aides have reportedly been working on initiating the Prince into “The Cambridge Way” as a strategy for adopting the mantle of Prince of Wales. Part of this includes sending Kate Middleton on more trips overseas by herself, as the popular Royal’s confidence grows. Body language expert Darren Stanton recently told Express.co.uk that the Duchess of Cambridge was “super confident” on the couple’s recent trip to Jamaica. He added that she showed “very similar body language to Princess Diana.“When she speaks to people she nails down at their eye level to build rapport and has no problems getting close hugging people.  “Her enjoyment and happiness are all genuine signs and emotion so it’s clear the couple have been having lots of fun going out interacting with members of the public and other civil dignitaries.” He added that William, by comparison, showed signs of “anxiety” and “not feeling very confident” during the trip. The tour of the caribbean was met with criticism as it inadvertently shone a light on the colonialist past of the British Empire. The Royals were met with anti-colonialist protests, and calls for slavery reparations from the monarchy - as well as passionate reminders of the damage caused by the Windrush scandal.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'losing royal magic' by staying away from UK [INSIGHT] Photos of the visit became the subject of a social media frenzy, as images of the couple shaking hands with Jamaican children through a chain-link fence and standing in an open-topped Land Rover dressed in white harkened back to colonial imagery. Referring to slavery reparations, a government committee in the Bahamas urged the royals to issue “a full and formal apology for their crimes against humanity”. Despite falling short of an apology, Mr Stanton said the Duke of Cambridge showed “genuine sadness”, “remorse” and “sorrow” in a speech. A Royal biographer has also claimed that the Duchess of Cambridge is looking “more confident” on solo royal trips because she finds it easier to relax without Prince William by her side. DON'T MISS: Motorists hit by 14 MILLION tickets in 2 years [ANALYSIS]Britain braces as bitter -6C arctic blast to bring deep freeze [REVEAL]Search operations underway as plane crashes into English Channel [INSIGHT]  Robert Jobson told the Daily Mail that Kate was “all smiles, very confident” on a recent solo trip to Denmark. The Cambridge Way to be adopted by Prince William also includes prioritising core issues including mental health, the environment and children's early years - as well as focusing on “hope and solutions”. A source close to William said: “This approach isn't a criticism of what has come before but just an acknowledgement of a desire for change. “It's about hope and optimism for the future. What is driving the Duke and Duchess in everything they do is urgency plus optimism equals action.” 