While Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris have visited neighbouring Poland they have yet to visit Ukraine since the conflict with Russia started in February. There is also a strong possibility that another high level US official could make the trip, such as Secretary of State Antony Blinken or Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin.  A US official visiting Kyiv would be the latest in a parade of Western figures meeting President Zelensky to show their solidarity. In recent weeks, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson made the trip, while the leaders of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland met Wednesday with Mr Zelensky in the capital. If the White House does decide to send someone to Kyiv, it is understood that there won’t be an announcement in advance, due to safety concerns, Politico has reported. The timing of any potential trip is uncertain and officials warned that it may not happen at all due to the unpredictable nature of the war.  The trip would be highly symbolic and important for both Washington and Kyiv. The US would reaffirm its commitment to Ukraine’s resistance against Russia’s invasion, while Ukraine would host a top American official in the capital, just weeks after forcing Russian troops to retreat, Politico stated. The visit would also come shortly after President Biden authorised an additional $800 million in military assistance, putting the total US aid to Ukraine above $3 billion since the administration came to power last year. On Tuesday, the US President said for the first time that Russia's invasion amounts to genocide - a term that French President Emmanuel Macron rejected, saying on Wednesday that “an escalation of rhetoric” is harmful. READ MORE: Russian soldiers found 'dead and rotting' after Ukraine onslaught The White House later added that a genocide determination would require a legal process. Mr Zelensky, however, praised Mr Biden for calling the Russian actions genocide. He tweeted: “True words of a true leader @POTUS.” “Calling things by their names is essential to stand up to evil. We are grateful for US assistance provided so far and we urgently need more heavy weapons to prevent further Russian atrocities.” DON'T MISS:  Putin loses the plot as Russian tyrant plans 'insane' terror attacks [REVEAL] Biden 'eating his words' as anti-brexiteer gang now seeing benefits [INSIGHT] Putin given ‘another bloody nose’ [SPOTLIGHT]  Biden last visited the Ukrainian capital as Vice President in January 2017 just three days before leaving office, his sixth official visit.