Known only as “Charcoal” the sharpshooter joined the Ukrainian marines in 2017, before going on to see active duty in the Eastern parts of Ukraine fighting against Russian separatists in Donetsk and Luhansk. Much like the so-called “Ghost of Kyiv” fighter pilot alleged to have shot down six Russian jets, “Charcoal” has also become an icon of resistance against Vladimir Putin’s invading forces.  With Russians on the retreat across Ukraine, the sniper rallied troops in a captivating discourse calling to end the occupation of Ukraine. She said: “We must take them all out. These people are not human beings. “Even the fascists were not as vile as these orcs. We must defeat them.” The elite shooter then vowed to fight Putin’s army “until the very end.”  Charcoal was believed to have left the army in January of this year, but soon came back once the invasion of Ukraine had begun. She is now thought to be within the ranks of the 35th infantry brigade of Rear Admiral Mykhailo Ostrograsky. Charcoal has been compared to historic Ukrainian sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko, an iconic World War II sniper nicknamed “Lady Death”, with 309 credited kills of Nazis.  READ MORE:US Lecturer killed by Russian sniper as he waited for BREAD A female Russian sniper known as “Bagheera” after the character in the Jungle Book was captured in recent fighting between the two sides. Irina Starikova is reportedly now under the control of Ukrainian forces after being injured in fighting somewhere in the Donbas region. Ms Starikova is credited with over 40 kills, and her current whereabouts remain unclear since her capture. With the war in Ukraine now entering its fifth week, some of the bloodiest and more gruesome images of the war have started to emerge. As Russian soldiers retreat from the Kyiv area, surrounding suburbs have been left strewn with dead bodies and mass graves. DON'T MISS:Germany and Ukraine in furious war or words [REVEAL]Disney woke row erupts with threat of boycott [REPORT]Macron warned of 'catastrophe’ by own supporters [INSIGHT] The town of Bucha has seen scenes not witnessed since the Srebrenica massacre in Yugoslavia where mass graves were filled with men and boys ruthlessly murdered by Serbian forces. US President Joe Biden, along with many others from the international community, is now calling for Putin to be put on trial for war crimes. Figures from the United Nations suggest over 10 million Ukrainians have been displaced since the start of the war. Of this number, over 4 million have fled the country altogether sparking the largest movement of people since WWII. So far, all attempts at peace through talks have failed to achieve results, with both direct and brokered talks seemingly reaching a stalemate.  With Putin now claiming part one of his “special operation” is now over, military strategists suggest the Russian President will now regroup his assets to further attack the east of Ukraine. Experts suggest Putin is keen to build a land bridge between Russia and Crimea via the eastern parts of Ukraine. With Putin suffering multiple losses on the ground in the form of captured or destroyed tanks and fighter jets, as well as reports of over 15,000 dead troops, many believe he will continue his relentless pounding of Ukraine from the air. The mayor of Mariupol has suggested over 90 percent of the city has now been destroyed by Russian missiles and shelling. Calls for a NATO-backed no-fly zone over Ukraine have been met with resistance by the alliance through fears of becoming embroiled in the war, risking the conflict spreading globally. 