The Queen has commended a huge amount of support throughout her seven-decade reign, but not all members of the Royal Family come close to reaching the monarch's impressive popularity. In recent years the popularity of several prominent royals has taken a tumble, according to the latest Ipsos survey of public opinion. So which Royal Family members are the most and least popular in the court of public opinion? Ipsos quizzed 2,055 online British adults aged 16 to 75 between March 24 and March 25, 2022, about whether they hold favourable or unfavourable opinions of several members of the British Royal Family. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the Queen claimed the top spot with a 69 percent favourable score and a 12 percent unfavourable score. Prince William, who is second in line to the throne, ranked in second place with 64 percent favourability and 13 percent unfavourability. READ MORE: Kate’s concern after giving birth to Prince Louis  The future Queen Consort, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, came in third place with a 60 percent favourable response and 13 percent unfavourable. The Queen, Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge's favourability has increased since 2018 by seven percent, two percent and four percent respectively. After the top three royals, the Royal Family as a whole attracted 50 percent favourable and 21 percent unfavourable ratings. Compared to the 2018 survey, the Royal Family as a whole has dropped two percent in favourability based on the March 2022 results.  According to Ipsos' latest data, the least popular member of the Royal Family with the British public is Prince Andrew, who has an 11 percent favourable and 69 percent unfavourable score. Ahead of Andrew in popularity is Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex, who received 24 percent favourable and 50 percent unfavourable scores from those surveyed. Meghan's favourable score has dropped by 16 percent since 2018. DON'T MISS:William's 'awkward laugh' gave royal feud away in throwback interview [INSIGHT]Prince Charles could welcome Meghan and Harry back into fold — expert [ANALYSIS]Kate and William's tour was not as 'seamless' as other royal visits [INTERVIEW]  Prince Harry is slightly ahead of his wife Meghan in the popularity rankings with 30 percent favourable and 43 percent unfavourable ratings. But favourable opinions of Prince Harry have plummeted by 35 percent since 2018, according to the latest Ipsos data. Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, is just ahead of Prince Harry in the latest data, with the future Queen Consort receiving a 36 percent favourable and a 29 percent unfavourable score from those surveyed. Prince Charles is ahead of his wife, with a 43 percent favourable rating and a 25 percent unfavourable rating. Charles' favourable rating has increased by 11 percent since 2018. 