The Duke of Sussexes' book is due for release later this year and there is speculation surrounding whether Prince Harry will use the book take aim and criticise his stepmother, Camilla. Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer told the Express's Royal Round-Up that Harry could be expected to shed light into his relationship with Camilla and take "potshots" at her in the memoir. The royal expert said: "I think there's been quite a lot of it [speculation] in the last week has come about as Tina Brown has got a book coming out called The Palace Papers" "It [Tina Brown's book] is under embargo until April 26". He added: "Tina Brown believes that Harry has never like Camilla, never really accepted her and doesn't really think she should be Queen" "Tina is speculating that he's going to take a few potshots out at her in his memoir". Mr Palmer added: "Who knows whether that is true or not." "It's a bit difficult to speculate." READ MORE: Lilibet christening a 'big sticking point' keeping Prince Harry and Meghan from returning Royal Roundup's host Pandora Forsyth asks Mr Palmer: "In terms of the Royal Family, you've seen their relationship over the years, would you say that it comes across as very natural? Particularly the relationship between Harry and Camilla?" He said: "I remember the day that Charles and Camilla got married and we had written this story saying that neither of the boys [Harry and William] were particularly happy about it." "And then there they were tying learner plates to the wedding car, seeming to fully get into the spirit of things so I think on that day we didn't look quite right on that" He added: "I think its true to say that William has been far more accepting than Harry has. "I think they get on fine, you know, at a certain level, but I think both of them [William and Harry] were deeply affected by their mother's death and the circumstances around that and found it quite difficult to accept Camilla. "And I think at times, felt like they were being used by their father [and his advisors] to try and make Camilla more acceptable to the British public." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry get armed police protection in Holland - as Dutch also won't let Duke pay Prince Charles married Diana, Princess of Wales, in 1981 and welcomed William the following year. Prince Harry, their second son, was born in September 1984. Five years into their marriage, both Charles and Diana had extramarital affairs and the breakdown of the marriage secretly begins. The next few years see Diana and Charles plagued with rumours of marital problems. Charles’s affair with Camilla “picked back up” in 1986, around the same time Diana’s affair began with army captain James Hewitt. Charles and Diana's divorce was finalised in 1996. Just one year after the divorce was finalised, the world was devastated to hear of the death of Diana, Princess of Wales. Her post-royal life was cut short when she was killed in a fatal car crash in Paris on August 31, 1997. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] Charles married Camilla in 2005. Both Harry and William have “spoken warmly” of Camilla in the past. Harry has stated in the past that he “appreciates” the support Camilla gave to his father. Tom Skyes, speaking previously to US Weekly, states that the royals are not “one big blended family”, adding “they never really spend any time together”.