Manchester City club captain Fernandinho announced on Tuesday that he will head back to Brazil in pursuit of first-team football at the end of the season. In all likelihood, that will nudge the Sky Blues into the transfer market to recruit a new midfielder, which could come as bad news for Manchester United, Chelsea, Wolves and Liverpool. If money was no object which, in Man City's case, is almost true, Declan Rice's name would be at the top of the defensive midfielder wish list. West Ham boss David Moyes has already slapped him with an eye-watering £150million price tag, but the Scot may be willing to do business with City who do not pose a direct threat to their European hopes. United have held a longstanding interest in the England international midfielder, but falling short on their own quest for next season's Champions League could effectively close the door on them and leave it ajar for their Sky Blue neighbours. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte 'gives approval' to sign new Cristian Romero partner in crime Having spent eight years at their academy, Rice's name is never too far away from speculation of a Stamford Bridge return either. But City and Chelsea share another common target in Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni. If West Ham prove too stubborn to let go of Rice this summer, the Frenchman is seen by many as a budget alternative. That said, Monaco are reportedly prepared to demand a mammoth £83m fee for the 22-year-old France regular who dropped an Etihad hint in a recent interview. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Tuchel 'would be looked over his shoulder' if Abramovich sanctions easeDimitar Berbatov names Man Utd problem that could kill Champions League hopesDavid Moyes explains what he would do differently if given another shot at the Man Utd job The West Midlands side and Newcastle United were reportedly set to battle it out for Sporting Lisbon midfielder Matheus Nunes in the summer, but City entering the equation could dramatically shake things up. A Bola claim that the 23-year-old is already 'dreaming' of a move to the Etihad if the Sky Blues opt to replace Fernandinho with a fellow Brazilian-born midfielder. Much like Tchouameni, Nunes has worked his way into his international set-up at a young age and has already racked up five senior caps for Portugal. City are believed to be aware of the £34m price tag already, but Sporting could supposedly push it all the way up to his £50m release clause if the transfer competition intensifies. Although Jude Bellingham is not a deep-lying midfielder in the traditional sense, Guardiola has previously slotted Ilkay Gundogan into Man City's holding role despite his predominantly attacking skill set. Still just 18-years-old, the England international has already established himself as a hugely versatile presence in the middle of the park. While prising him away from Borussia Dortmund could be an impossible task at this early stage of his career, Liverpool are broadly held to have the best chance of pulling off an audacious summer swoop. But City were linked last year too, and could revisit their enquiries in light of Fernandinho's public exit plan.