Car tax changes were unveiled on April 1, which saw Vehicle Excise Duty increase, with most drivers facing higher annual costs. Company car tax, also known as Benefit-in-Kind, saw changes too, with most vehicles seeing a one percent increase, the most significant of which affected electric vehicles which saw tax increase from one to two percent. Despite this, drivers have been calling for further changes to make roads more equal, many of which suggesting that electric cars should pay a form of car tax. Express.co.uk reader Keevee stated: “20 years ago the Government was telling us to buy diesel cars. “Twenty years on and we are blasted in our wallets for buying diesels. “Makes you wonder what they will be saying on full electric cars.” READ MORE: New car tax changes today will leave drivers in 'sticky situations' Another reader, Steerpike, suggested a method of taxation in which all drivers are taxed a flat rate, calling it “very very simple”. They added: “Charge all cars a flat rate of car tax just as they used to. “Then charge extra per unit of electricity when the car is being charged. “No reason at all why smart metres couldn't do that. They already know the difference between the kettle and the TV. DON'T MISSPetrol price checker: How to check the cheapest fuel near you [INSIGHT]Millions urged to check SORN status to avoid massive £2,500 tax fine [WARNING]Drivers brand EV owners 'plain stupid' for not having home charger [SHOCKING] “Or have the car's mileage checked annually and then be charged tax. “The Government has wanted to bring road tolls in for years. This has zero to do with electric cars. “They want everyone to be tracked, and people priced off the roads.” A pay-per-mile scheme of car tax has been suggested by experts and the Transport Select Committee, saying it would create a “fairer system”. Another commenter, SteveMW, suggested a pay-per-mile taxation system could work to help ease the pressure on the lost revenue from fuel duty. They said: “A per mile charge is perfectly reasonable - but it must be flat rate. “That would make it a direct replacement for fuel duty, which essentially works out like that. “Drivers to update mileage regularly (or cars to do so automatically), so that bills do not pile up for the future. “Checks to be made annually by an MOT station.” Estimates show that the Government will lose out annually on £28billion in fuel duty as well as £7billion in Vehicle Excise Duty (VED). This is expected to come from the 2030 ban on the sales of new petrol and diesel vehicles which will have a huge knock on effect on fuel duty revenue.