UPDATE: Xur's location in Destiny 2 today has been revealed with the merchant in the large colourful tree on the planet Nessus. Here's what Xur is selling today: - Tractor Cannon - Oathkeeper - Helm of Saint-14 - Contraverse Hold ORIGINAL: Xur is setting up shop once again in Destiny 2 today with the merchant moving to a new location that Guardians will have to find. Xur will be dropping into Destiny 2 at 6pm UK time today after previously being at the Tower Hangar last time around. Once Xur sets up shop in a new location today the merchant will be there until the Destiny 2 weekly reset next week. Express.co.uk will update this article once we find out where Xur is in Destiny 2. In the meantime, in case you're wondering, here's what Xur had in his inventory last time around... Telesto, Void fusion rifle: 29 Legendary Shards Foetracer, Hunter helmet: 23 Legendary Shards Dunemarchers, Titan legs: 23 Legendary Shards Ophidian Aspect, Warlock arms: 23 Legendary Shards Exotic Engram: 97 Legendary Shards (you can now purchase a second with an Exotic Cipher) Exotic Cipher quest: free  In other Destiny 2 news, following The Witch Queen launch Bungie has teased the next big content dropping heading to the popular loot shooter. In the latest This Week At Bungie the Destiny devs said: "It’s officially been over a month since The Witch Queen launched. Savathûn has been defeated. Rhulk dished out some literal kicks to the face in Vow of the Disciple. Worms have been launched, weapons have been crafted, and Guardians have dug deep into the Seasonal story. We had an accolades trailer released this week with some fun quotes about the experience of playing the expansion. We’re proud of where The Witch Queen landed, and we’re ever-thankful to all who jumped in to play. "Don’t get us wrong, the train doesn’t stop with some nice quotes about the game! The future is bright, and we have work to do as we reach further into the stars. Season of [REDACTED] is just a couple of months out, and the team is hard at work tying down work items and jamming through test passes. Once we get a little deeper into the Season, we’ll start talking about what’s to come in sandbox updates, general quality-of-life passes, and more. We have a few beats on our calendar to hit before then, spread between Grandmasters, Gambit Labs, Trials Labs, and Guardian Games." 