The Russian invasion of Ukraine has forced a change in thinking. As admitted in the Energy Security Strategy announced yesterday by the Prime Minister and by business secretary Kwasi Kwarteng, we don’t just want clean energy.  We need energy which is reliable, affordable, not subject to wild gyrations on global gas markets – and which does not involve us pouring billions into Russia’s coffers to subsidise Vladimir Putin’s military operations. There are some good things in the strategy. The Government wants to develop build eight nuclear power stations by 2030 – one of the few forms of low-carbon energy which is very reliable and constant. There are proposals, too, for a new round of licences for oil and gas extraction in the North Sea. For too many years the Government was happy to allow the industry slowly to die on the grounds that in our glorious new green future oil and gas would become obsolete. The folly of that thinking has become apparent with the energy crisis. Twenty years ago Britain was self-sufficient in energy. Now, we are importing ever larger quantities of oil and gas, some of it by ship and pipeline from Russia.   Much as we would like to switch to clean energy, it is inevitable that we will remain dependent on fossil fuels for the next few decades at least. It is only thanks to gas-fired power stations, for example, that we are able to keep the lights on when the wind stops blowing and the sun stops shining. Unlike nuclear stations, whose power output cannot easily be turned up and down, we can fire up gas at short notice. The Government’s new strategy is going to create serious difficulties by the end of this decade. Far from relaxing the target to reach net zero carbon emissions by 2050, it establishes a new target: to produce 95 per cent of our electricity by low-carbon means by 2030 – in just eight years’ time.  What will we do then on sunless and windless days? The plain fact is that while we already have enough solar and wind farms to satisfy UK energy demand on good days, on bad days they can produce less than five per cent of our power. If we can’t fill the gap with gas, we are going to need some form of energy storage – or to develop other forms of green energy such as tidal energy, which is more predictable and reliable. The trouble is that storing energy is horrendously expensive. As for tidal energy, the Government has previously squashed proposals for a tidal barrage on the Severn on the grounds that it could disturb birdlife and rejected a smaller tidal station near Swansea on the grounds of cost. I am all for wind and solar energy. But it is no use just building more and more turbines and panels without an adequate plan to cope with the intermittency problem. That isn’t an energy security policy – it is the opposite.  What I fear is that it will lead to our smart meters being used to charge us eye-watering electricity prices at times when renewable energy is scarce, forcing us to switch off appliances so that the national grid can cope. And with solar farms there is another problem: they are taking up vast areas of land, much of it prime farmland. If all the solar farms subject to current proposals were built they would cover 230 square miles – half the size of Bedfordshire. There is little point in Britain becoming more self-sufficient in energy if in the process it becomes more dependent on food imports. National self-sufficiency in food has fallen from 78 per cent in the 1980s to 60 per cent now.  What we really need are two interlinked policies to bolster self-sufficiency in food as well as energy. That might involve putting solar panels on roofs – but not plastering huge areas of the countryside with them. We also need ways of helping households cope with soaring energy bills. As Kwarteng said yesterday, the energy security strategy is focused more on what happens in three to five years’ time.  That is not enough to help people who have seen bills surge by 50 per cent and who face more misery in the autumn when the energy price cap is revised again. For that, we will have to hope that the Government has some other plan it hasn’t yet revealed. 