Manchester United were among those to have scouts watching Darwin Nunez at the Estadio da Luz on Tuesday night as Benfica were beaten 3-1 on home soil by Liverpool in the first leg of their UEFA Champions League quarter-final tie. The Uruguayan frontman has become one of the hottest attractions in Europe this season having fired 28 goals in 35 matches in all competitions for the Eagles. United and Liverpool representatives were in Lisbon back in September to watch Nunez score twice in the rampant 3-0 demolition of Barcelona. The dogged, 22-year-old centre-forward, who has come close to joining Brighton on two separate occasions, has continued to go from strength to strength since arriving from Spanish outfit Almeria for around £20million in September 2020. He looks set to earn the Primeira Liga outfit another blockbuster payday in due course, as potential suitors circle ahead of the summer transfer window. Express Sport understands United have watched Nunez - up close - over 10 times this season and the club's scouts were in attendance on Tuesday night once again to watch the striker battle the imperious Virgil van Dijk. READ MORE: Man Utd giving Erik ten Hag information 'every week' on transfer budget and signings Portuguese sources suggest Manchester City, West Ham, Newcastle Arsenal and Tottenham, who have all been linked with Nunez, were also present. Additionally, scouts from other Premier League clubs also joined them in Lisbon, however, it remains unclear whether they were casting an eye over Nunez or some of his Benfica team-mates. The Uruguay international was great value for money on the night though and there is no better test than doing battle with arguably the world's best defender in Van Dijk. Nunez was on target to pull one back for Benfica early in the second half after Liverpool led through Ibrahima Konate and Sadio Mane and he was aggrieved not to have been awarded a penalty for a potential equaliser after being pulled back by Van Dijk. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'issued Man Utd transfer ultimatum' involving Ralf Rangnick during interviewTottenham 'reconsider Lautaro Martinez' transfer after agreeing £60m deal last summerMan Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' battling Erik ten Hag and Pochettino for job Spanish referee Diego Barbero was just yards away from the incident but was happy to let play continue. He did not even take the time to check the monitor. Nunez told CNN: "Penalty? I won't blame the referee. We have to improve. For me it was a penalty, but I think the referee didn't see it. second goal would be a very different game. "Open tie? Yes, we are confident and we showed that in the second half. "Liverpool are a great team but we are not afraid of them. We will try to get a good result at their home. wanted to win." Nunez even caught Van Dijk with an elbow in the second half as he showcased the physical side of his game. He did not stop running throughout the entirety of the contest and was central to every wave of Benfica attack as the hosts went in search of an equaliser. Had it not been for Alisson, the underdogs would have pulled level before Luis Diaz restored Liverpool's two-goal cushion with just moments to spare.