The Princess Royal, 71, stepped out on Friday to open a new facility for military working dogs and their handlers. The Queen’s daughter was snapped engaging with one of the pups when marking the opening of the Defence Animal Training Regiment (DATR) at Remount Barracks, Melton Mowbray. The Defence Animal Training Regiment is responsible for the training, support, and rehoming of all military animals in the British Armed Forces. The new carbon-neutral facility, which is also 96 percent self-sustaining, is home to around 200 highly skilled working dogs. The pups are being trained for a number of important jobs including police force protection and arms and explosives searches. Some will also work on Counter Improvised Explosive Devices (C-IED), and drugs search operations in the UK and overseas when their training is complete. The Ministry of Defence (MOD) tweeted a picture of Anne visiting the Canine Training Squadron headquarters. The snap showed Anne stroking what appeared to be a black Labrador at the facility. The photograph was taken when the Princess Royal met with service personnel who showcased the training of military dogs and their handlers, and the range of capabilities they provide to the MOD. The facility includes three new classrooms, indoor and outdoor training areas, a new Station Headquarters office space and training accommodation. READ MORE: Kate and William will 'save monarchy' when Charles becomes king Defence Infrastructure Organisation Area Delivery Manager for Lincolnshire and East Midlands, Greg Piper described the plans for the centre as both “complex and challenging”, but that through a collaborative effort it is now able to operate at full capacity. In a statement, Mr Piper said: “The state-of-the-art new training facility will provide a modern and self-sustaining operating capability for the Unit going forward. “The project was a complex and challenging piece of work, but excellent collaborative work with partners, stakeholders and the customer ensured successful delivery and we are delighted to see this very important facility now in full operation.” During her visit, Anne was also invited to plant a tree on-site as part of the Queen’s Green Canopy. DON'T MISS Samantha Markle deemed ‘arch-critic’ of everything Meghan does [INSIGHT] Angry Prince renews pledge to modernise Royal Family [REVEAL] Wessexes pictured on final day of tour as protests continue [PICTURES] The initiative was launched as part of celebrations to commemorate the monarch’s historic 70-year reign. The scheme invites people from across Britain to “Plant a Tree for the Jubilee”. So far more than one million trees have been planted in celebration of Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee. Earlier this week, Anne stepped out for an engagement that saw her pair up with the Duchess of Cambridge for the first time. The pair have never teamed up for an engagement before without other members of the Royal Family in tow. Anne and Kate, 40, visited the London headquarters for the Royal College of Midwives (RCM) and the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG) on Wednesday. The building visited by Their Royal Highnesses houses a collection of women’s healthcare organisations. Both the Duchess and the Princess appeared in good spirits during their visit. The pair were pictured smiling and chatting between themselves before being welcomed by RCM chief executive Gill Walton and RCOG president Dr Edward Morris.