Pret's two most popular sandwiches will support positions for 50 people fleeing the war in Ukraine this month. For every Chicken Caesar Bacon or Posh Cheddar and Pickle baguette bought during April, 20p will go to The Pret Foundation, Pret’s charitable partner. In addition, 10p for every soup purchased will continue to be donated. Pret plans to raise over £100k in April in total to support new employees who have experienced hardship. Ehiz Ufuah, a TikTok star with 10 million followers has called the campaign a "win-win". READ MORE: Ukraine crisis: Four ways you can help Ukraine today He said: "We see people having a better life and making things better for themselves and at the same time you get a crunchy, crispy baguette." The formerly homeless drama who went viral last year for his funny and relatable TikToks. He said: “Having lived in emergency accommodation with my mum, without a home, I know how real this problem is. "I’m proud to be working with Pret to highlight the rise in poverty and homelessness in the UK and encourage everyone to learn more about the problem and do what you can to help.” DON'T MISSDavid and Victoria Beckham donate £1million to help ‘families torn apart’ [UKRAINE] Ukraine donation point near me: Everywhere you can donate to Ukraine relief [HELP] 'Proud Ukrainian' Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher pledge £2.3m [DONATION] Seventy-five roles will be given to people needing a second chance through The Pret Foundation’s Rising Stars programme over the next 12 months. Fifty additional roles will be given to Ukrainian refugees as part of Pret’s Ukrainian Employment Programme. It gives people an opportunity to work at Pret A Manger and rebuild their life. From training and travel to weekly support groups, these new Rising Stars will get everything they need to work at Pret. In 2015 Pret's 10 most popular sandwiches across the capital were detailed. They were: Recently, a deals expert advised how to get free coffees from Pret all month. This Morning’s consumer expert Alice Beer shared the hack on the popular ITV programme. She said: “Pret a Manger is a no brainer, you just sign up, should be £25 a month, you get five free hot drinks a day, but the first month is absolutely free. “End it though as soon as that month is up."