Michael Bublé and his wife Luisana Lopilato were left heartbroken when they found out that their son Noah, who is now eight-years-old, was diagnosed with liver cancer in 2016. Following the news, the Canadian hitmaker immediately cancelled his tour and all of his music plans during chemotherapy and radiotherapy treatments. The singer's eldest child has fully recovered from cancer and is back to full health. The 46-year-old has since shared that legendary singer Sir Elton John, 75, had reached out to the musician despite them not knowing each other well. The Just Haven't Met You Yet hitmaker revealed that the Rocket Man would call his family home every Sunday without fail. Michael opened up about Elton's generosity ahead of the veteran musician's birthday last month. READ MORE: Richard Madeley proposed to wife Judy three weeks into 'affair' Addressing their relationship, the Canadian-born star called him a "beautiful man". The star revealed that when his oldest son Noah was battling liver cancer Elton would always check up on the singer and his child. The Grammy winner told Magic Radio Breakfast: “I didn’t know him and he called me every single Sunday. Every single Sunday he would call to tell me that he and David were praying for me and that they loved us and would send toys. "That’s who he is, that’s who he really is, so Happy Birthday Sir Elton, thank you.”   Noah, who was only three-years-old at the time of his diagnosis, then went through a brutal period of chemotherapy to try and rid him of the disease. In a joint Facebook statement at the time, Michael and his wife Luisana admitted that they were “devastated,” but vowed that they would win the upcoming “battle”. Thankfully for the family, and to the relief of the fans, it seemed that after initial treatment Noah was overcoming his condition. In 2017 Michael released another statement that read: “We are so grateful to report that our son Noah has been progressing well during his treatment and the doctors are very optimistic about the future for our little boy. DON'T MISS... Will Smith banned from Oscars and all Academy events for 10 years[LATEST]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show[TWITTER]Kate Garraway 'moving to better place' after struggles, co-star hopes[UPDATES] “He has been brave throughout and we continue to be inspired by his courage. We thank God for the strength he has given all of us.” Reflecting on the horrific experience, the singer talked about the impact that the diagnosis had on them all. Speaking on the Today show in America he said: “It sucked. “And it still sucks, because we went through what was the worst possible thing that you could hear as a parent and maybe as a human being. "I'd much rather it'd have been me. I wished that many times, I wished that it happened to me." Michael and Luisana got engaged back in 2009 and married two years later. They now share three children Noah, Elias and Vida with the couple set to welcome their fourth child.