Harry Wild is a murder mystery drama on Acorn TV whereby retired English Professor Harriet "Harry" Wild (played by Jane Seymour) finds herself delving into an investigation. She jumps on her detective son Charlie's (Kevin Ryan) bandwagon, looking into a murder that she thinks she can solve. But Harry soon finds herself with some assistance from an unexpected new friend. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Harry Wild. Shortly after retiring from her career as a Professor, Harry is mugged and ends up staying at Charlie's house where she can recover. She crosses paths with her mugger Fergus (Rohann Nedd) again but this time, they actually have a conversation. It is from here that they start working together, using both of their knowledge and resources to try and crack the case, to Charlie's annoyance. But will the new crime-fighting duo be able to track down who the real killer is? READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, actress Jane Seymour explained: "They're putting the first two episodes out on the 4th [April], a week later another two episodes and the week after that another two episodes. "I have been told by the time they've played at least the first four episodes, they'll have a pretty good idea." The next two instalments are due to be released on Monday, April 11, with two more each week until Monday, April 25, when it concludes. But Seymour has it on good authority that there will be more of eccentric Harry to come. The former James Bond star continued: "But guess what I found? I heard the other day that they are already writing two [more] episodes. "Somebody somewhere seems to think that we will be going back but yes, they are actually paying writers to write two episodes right now. "I know because David Logan's [writer] working on another project with me. "I have high hopes for it, I hope they say soon because otherwise it'll be freezing cold [when we get back to filming] and I don't do well in the cold!" DON'T MISS...Harry Wild: Where was Jane Seymour drama filmed? [LOCATION]Jane Seymour talks James Bond return theory as Solitaire [CAST]Jane Seymour begs bosses to reprise her role in Dr Quinn [EXPLAINER] Season one of Harry Wild was filmed in and around Dublin, Ireland, last year. One of the other key places where scenes took place was in County Kildare where Brennan's Kilteel Inn was transformed into The Hairy Goose. This was the location of Harry's retirement party in the first episode of Harry Wild. But Seymour also told Express.co.uk that it wasn't always the most glamorous of experiences filming the series. She added: "At one time, we were filming where all the drug deals and gangs and really rough stuff goes. "It was only after I realised it was pretty scary, that should not be a place I should ever go to again. "Some of the crew were pointing out to me how you would know which one of these blocks of flats you'd go to for drugs." Harry Wild is available to watch on Acorn TV.