Former Premier League striker Glenn Murray has taken aim at Manchester United following their defeat to Everton, stating the Red Devils players aren't even doing the bare "minimum" expected of teams who are fighting relegation. After signing Raphael Varane, Jadon Sancho and Cristiano Ronaldo last summer, United were tipped for bigger and better things this season. But Ole Gunnar Solskjaer failed to get the best out of his star-studded squad before he was eventually sacked in November. Ralf Rangnick enjoyed a brief bounce-back spell after coming in as interim boss, but their form has once again dipped with United battling for a European spot. The game against Goodison Park was a good opportunity to start putting a run of form together and put pressure on those above them. But a lacklustre display saw United fall to a disappointing 1-0 defeat to Frank Lampard's side. Everton have been fighting for their lives in recent weeks with relegation a real threat, although the win over United has pushed them further away from the drop. Murray knows from his own experience with Brighton, Bournemouth and Crystal Palace how it feels to be a part of a team fighting against relegation. JUST IN: Man Utd have held 'talks' over signing Nkunku but reservations remain  And the 38-year-old feels as though United aren't even doing the basics, stating he is "bored" of public apologies from David de Gea and Harry Maguire. "I know Everton are in a terrible run of form and they're probably in a false position in the Premier League, but Goodison Park is not a good stomping ground for Manchester United," he said on Premier League Productions. "You just don't know what Manchester United team is going to turn up. "I get bored of the noises coming out of Old Trafford, whether it be Harry Maguire or De Gea's comments or tweets about apologising to fans. We're talking about basics of modern day football of working hard, trying and fighting. DON'T MISS  "I've been in relegation teams and that is the minimum you've got. You might not have the quality that other teams possess, but the least you can do is try your very best. I just feel as though this squad isn't doing that and that is the most disappointing thing I think from the Manchester United fans' point of view." The defeat to Everton leaves United down in seventh and six points away from a top-four spot. United will be hoping for a better return this weekend when they take on Norwich, but that is followed by two tough fixtures against Liverpool and Arsenal. And they also go up against Chelsea next month, leaving United with a mountain to climb in order to secure European football next season.