The error-prone President made a string of gaffes during his White House speech on Thursday. Joe Biden appeared to struggle with reading the autocue as he attempted to set out plans for a new package of military and humanitarian aid for Ukraine totalling £27 billion. President Biden used the address as an opportunity to ramp up US rhetoric around Russian sanctions. However, in an apparent verbal slip-up, the President twice referred to "accomodating Russian oligarchs." Mr Biden said: "It's important to enhance our underlying efforts to accommodate the Russian oligarchs and make sure we take their ill-begotten gains. "We're gonna accommodate them. JUST IN: 'Putin on brink: Exiled oligarch says next round of sanctions to deliver 'serious blow "We're gonna seize their yachts, luxury homes and other ill-begotten gains." The US President continued his speech seemingly unaware of his blunder. Biden went on to break off from his prepared remarks after struggling to read the words "kleptocracy" and "kleptocrats" off his teleprompter. "Putin's klepto....yeah, kleptocracy...the guys who are the kleptocracy," fumbled the President. Biden's rambling performance in the speech was soon picked up on by social media users. Reclaim Party leader Laurence Fox shared a clip of Biden's speech on Twitter with the caption: "We are so f***ked.' Supports and defenders of the 79-year-old President have put Biden's frequent verbal blunders down to a speech impediment he struggled with as a child. The United States has ruled out sending its own or NATO forces to Ukraine but Washington and its European allies have supplied weapons to Kyiv such as drones, Howitzer heavy artillery, anti-aircraft Stinger and anti-tank Javelin missiles. DON'T MISS: Horror as British man 'stabbed to death' in Algarve holiday resort [NEWS]Homeowner's 'happiness is ruined' by neighbour's trampoline by fence [INSIGHT]Death of cash warning as number of high street cash machines plummets [EXPLAINER] Biden also wants the ability to seize more money from Russian oligarchs to pay for the war effort. His proposal would let US authorities seize more oligarchs' assets, give the cash from those seizures to Ukraine and further criminalize sanctions dodging, the White House said. The proposed steps include letting the Justice Department use the strict U.S. racketeering law once deployed against the mafia, the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act, to build cases against people who evade sanctions. Biden also wants to make it a criminal act to hold money knowingly taken from corrupt dealings with Russia, according to a summary of the legislative proposals. 