Planning and saving for retirement can be a minefield, and there are a plethora of pitfalls for people to avoid as they look to secure their financial future. Peter Cranwell, IFA at Purely Pensions, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to discuss the biggest mistakes to avoid. Mr Cranwell explained that one of the biggest mistakes to make is under-estimating the amount someone needs in retirement, and therefore how much to save. He said: “There is a natural reluctance to save a sufficient percentage of income to address future needs – there are always more immediate demands on your money (some of these, e.g. paying for a wedding, can be factored in – but rarely are!). “Indeed, that often causes people to delay making any contributions at all, and thus missing out on the potential benefits of compound growth. “There is a tendency too, for people to underestimate how long they will live.” READ MORE: Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month – 'anyone can do it’ The current financial landscape in the UK, with inflation soaring, serves as a real indication of the danger of not considering the impact of inflation when saving for retirement. Mr Cranwell explained: “Just as compound interest/growth is a major benefit of an early and regular savings habit, inflation will erode the purchasing power of your savings. “Today’s inflation (RPI) stands at a staggering 9.8 percent - and although expected to fall in the coming years, it is still a very significant factor.” DON'T MISSMartin Lewis warns cheapest energy fix is WORSE than price cap - bills to hit £2,800 [WARNING]State pension fury as Rishi Sunak advised to raise entitlement age to unprecedented high [REACTION]Britons on low incomes can get a cash boost worth £1,200 - are you eligible? [INSIGHT] Mr Cranwell continued: “Pensions are tax-efficient savings vehicles, with the Government actually boosting your contributions for you - but they aren’t the only tax-efficient plans. “With limits on how much you can contribute to a pension and still benefit from this Government support, it makes sense to utilise other vehicles. “ISAs are an excellent example – although there are still limits on contribution amounts and these don’t attract tax relief, the benefits can be taken in any way that best suits the individual, and are tax-free.” Britons can access benefits relating to their pension through their employer, particularly via the auto-enrolment scheme. Mr Cranwell said: “Since the introduction of auto-enrolment, many more people have access to a Workplace Pension Scheme, into which employers must contribute. “While the number of people taking advantage of this is steadily increasing, there are still a significant number of people not doing so. “Giving up part of your salary to boost your pension contribution can be a very effective method, and can have other knock-on benefits too for both employer and employee.” Mr Cranwell continued: “The cost of a pension plan and the cost of the underlying investments can vary dramatically – high charges could be seriously eroding the value of your pension pot. “Are you invested in the right place? If you are too conservative in your investment approach, you are unlikely to achieve your retirement goals. “Consider professional advice: an adviser can identify suitable investments and plans, and will monitor ongoing suitability and performance – for a fee, naturally!”  Many people use the state pension as the foundation of their retirement, but Mr Cranwell warned people not to be too reliant on state benefits for support. He said: “While it would seem that there will always be a state pension of some type, there is no guarantee that this will do more than cover the very basic cost of living – if even that. “And the age at which you become eligible for this has been increasing in recent years, and will continue to do so: age 67 by 2028.” Mr Cranwell concluded: “There is a misconception that house prices only go in one direction – if you are relying on selling your home to meet retirement needs and the market crashes as it has in the past (2008 saw a fall in the region of 15 percent), you could be left with a shortfall. “Bear in mind too that other means of raising capital from property, e.g. equity release, can often be complicated and costly.”