Jim (played by Charlie Lawson) was last seen on Coronation Street four years ago as he tried to evade capture by the police for scamming his ex-wife, Liz McDonald (Beverley Callard). The troublesome character made his former lover believe their late daughter Katie McDonald had been part of a mix-up at the hospital when she was born and grown-up, she was living under the alias of Hannah Gilmore (Hannah Ellis Ryan). It turned out this was all a rouse and she was actually the ITV soap veteran's new lover, who wanted to help him destroy his family. None of his relatives have spoken to him since but he could soon get the news the love of his life has died, prompting him to face the demons of his past. Back in 2020, Liz left the cobbles to begin a new life aboard with her son, Andy McDonald (Nicholas Cochrane), after her romance with conman Scott Emberton (Tom Roberts) came to an end. Due to the circumstances of the coronavirus pandemic, the character wasn't given an on-screen exit and her death could also take place off-screen. The first viewers could hear of the legendary barmaid's permanent exit from the show would come as Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) discovers what has happened to his mother. Knowing Weatherfield was the one place she truly felt at home, he and his brother could arrange for their mother to be laid to rest near the cobbles. What they wouldn't expect to happen at the funeral is for their criminal father to turn up to pay his last respects to his Elizabeth. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage   Asked about a return to the show in a recent interview with GB News, the actor who played Jim, Charlie, hinted it could be on the cards one day. The actor explained: "Well, Iain [MacLeod] is one of the few producers in our industry who actually bothers to talk to actors who aren't in the show. "And I speak to Iain once a year and we had a chat about a month ago before a long-term story conference. "He understands and I understand that the character I have, especially nowadays with what's happened in the last three years with wokery and stuff, Jim wouldn't have been the most politically correct person in the world. "I get that so it's a question of where are you going to put him and what's going to happen? But he still has Steve there so that's an obvious in so we shall see." "I am the most returned character who has been played by the same actor in the history of British soaps," the soap star remarked. Jim has returned to the cobbles nine times over the years and it would be fitting his 10th would be to say goodbye to the love of his life. During his comeback to Weatherfield, the troublesome character could also tell his sons he doesn't have long left to live either. The legendary character was diagnosed with Myotonic Dystrophy in 2016, a disorder which leads to progressive muscle wasting and weakness. He knows his days are numbered and although he knew his boys wouldn't be happy to see him, he would have wanted them to know his news. DON'T MISS...Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [COMMENT]Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT]Corrie’s Beverley Callard begged Ricky Gervais for role in After Life [COMMENT] It could be Steve and Andy would be laying both their parents to rest in the space of weeks as Jim passes away shortly after Liz's funeral. Despite having their grievances with Jim, both of his sons would make the effort to give him a touching send off their mother would have been proud of. After having so much trouble put at their doors because of their father, this could be the end of one of the longest character arcs to ever air on the soap. For all his flaws, Jim was always Liz's true love as well and no matter what he did, she was always willing to forgive him. This would bring their turbulent love story of almost five decades to an end. It was only last month the actress who played Liz and former I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here star Beverley ruled out a return to the show. The soap star said: "Oh, I loved playing her. But the cast is so big now and the scenes much shorter. I loved the days where the busier you were, the better it was, even though you were knackered because you made so many episodes every week. "I knew Liz inside out and back to front, and I just wanted the challenge of playing something completely different. I will not go back. "I feel as though my world has opened up. I’ve not fallen out of love with it but my time there is done," she told Metro.co.uk. This means there is every chance her character could be killed off and this would happen off-screen as the actress would not return to film her final scenes. Therefore, the door is well and truly open for Jim to return for his ex-wife's funeral and fans on Twitter are keen to see him back. Miss Kitten Filan wrote: "You were one of the best hope Jim McDonald returns one day." Lukey added: "I really kind of hope this is the case and then we see the return of Jim because I think his return was too short-lived! I really want to see the McDonald family back on centre stage." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.