Ms Rayner was left seething after an unnamed Tory accused her of using a so-called "Basic Instinct ploy" to "distract" Boris Johnson at the dispatch box when they spar during Prime Minister's Questions (PMQs). An anonymous MP was quoted in a Sunday newspaper article as claiming the Labour firebrand enjoyed attempting to put Mr Johnson "off his stride" during PMQs by "crossing and uncrossing her legs". Ms Rayner often sits next to Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and opposite the Prime Minister during the weekly Commons clashes. She has also stood in for Sir Keir at PMQs when he has been forced to self-isolate due to coronavirus. In a series of tweets, Ms Rayner lashed out at the "lies" being briefed about her. The Ashton-under-Lyne MP said: "Boris Johnson's cheerleaders have resorted to spreading desperate, perverted smears in their doomed attempts to save his skin. "They know exactly what they are doing. The lies they are telling." She said Mr Johnson and his backers "clearly have a big problem with women in public life" and that they "should be ashamed of themselves". Ms Rayner added: "I won't be letting their vile lies deter me. Their attempts to harass and intimidate me will fail." Tulip Siddiq, the shadow economic secretary to the Treasury, said the accusations were "disgraceful". The Labour politician told Sky News's Sophy Ridge On Sunday: "At the end of the day, Angela Rayner is an MP who was elected on merit. "To talk about the fact she is using her legs or her posture to manipulate the Prime Minister is ridiculous and I'm really upset about it." MPs from across the political divide have rushed to offer their support to Labour's Deputy Leader and to denounce the article. Former Tory minister Andrea Leadsom described the newspaper piece as "totally unacceptable reporting", while her party colleague Caroline Noakes said far too many female MPs had been "on the receiving end of vile articles". READ MORE: Angela Rayner slams ‘ridiculous’ PM ahead of vote Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon also had her say, expressing solidarity with Ms Rayner. The SNP leader tweeted: "Solidarity from across the political divide to Angela Rayner on this. "It’s a reminder of the deep misogyny women face every day." She added: "Tho the line about Johnson’s Oxford debating ‘skills’ is truly laughable - from what I’ve seen she can debate him out the park!" In the newspaper article, a Tory MP is quoted as saying: "She knows she can't compete with Boris's Oxford Union debating training, but she has other skills which he lacks. "She has admitted as much when enjoying drinks with us on the [Commons] terrace." DON'T MISSWhy would you ever vote for a Labour Party which clearly despises you? [SPOTLIGHT]'His wife won't be subject to inheritance tax in UK' Ian Blackford bla [NEWS]Rishi Sunak facing 'whole list of concerns' as Chancellor moves out of [REVEAL] Ms Rayner has overcome considerable odds to forge a successful political career as a Labour MP. She left school at 16 without qualifications and later became a care worker for her local council. Ms Rayner went on to become a trade union representative for Unison and was eventually chosen as the Labour candidate for Ashton-under-Lyne in 2015. Elected to parliament in 2015, she was appointed Shadow Minister for Pensions by Jeremy Corbyn in January 2016, before being promoted to the Shadow Cabinet as Shadow Secretary of State for Education and Shadow Minister for Women and Equalities. Labour's Deputy Leader said she hoped Sunday's newspaper article "doesn’t put off a single person like me, with a background like mine from aspiring to participate in public life. "That would break my heart. We need more people in politics with backgrounds like mine - and fewer as a hobby to help their mates."