There is mounting speculation about whether Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle will make it to the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in early June. It is thought that both Meghan and Harry were invited to join the Royal Family during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in non-formal roles following their brief recent meetings with the Queen and Prince Charles. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex dropped in to see Harry's father and grandmother en route to the Invictus Games. Richard Eden, the diary editor at the Daily Mail, said that the couple are likely "loving all the speculation" about their attendance. He told MailPlus' Palace Confidential that the back-and-forth was "becoming an attempt to overshadow the Jubilee". Mr Eden suggested that, in the end, the couple will "probably not come". The royal expert said: "I really get the impression that Harry and Meghan are loving all the speculation about whether they’ll come for the Jubilee or not. "What should be the wonderful celebrations of the Queen’s amazing long reign, instead it’s sort of become this saga or will-they-won’t-they-come?" JUST IN: Spotify could want 'greater control' over Meghan's podcast  He continued: "Who cares? Just stay away, honestly. "It's becoming an attempt to overshadow the Jubilee. "I get the impression they probably won't come. "They want us to indulge in this speculation as long as possible."  Daily Mail’s Editor at Large, Richard Kay, agreed with Mr Eden's assessment, adding: "I would be most surprised to see them on that balcony. "On the other hand, it could be an olive branch from the Queen and Prince Charles to try and get Meghan and Harry back on side." More than 800 events are planned over four days, including a weekend and two bank holidays, to mark the Queen's 70 years on the throne. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Lord Frost erupts at Irish government over deal [LIVE BLOG]Voters weary of Partygate ahead of critical elections, poll reveals [POLL]Young Prince William compared to viral star in childhood clip [VIDEO]  When asked during the Invictus Games whether he will attend the celebrations, Harry refused to commit, citing issues around security in an interview with NBC’s Hoda Kotb. The Duke is currently in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in the UK. He said: “I don't know yet. There's lots of things: security issues and everything else. “So this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her.” Harry’s son, Archie, has not returned to the UK since the couple's exit, while Lilibet, the Sussexes’ daughter, has never visited her father’s home country. 