Conservative MP Conor Burns asserted his support for the Prime Minister amid accusations Boris Johnson misled parliament. The MP for Bournemouth West argued the Prime Minister had been “genuine” in every statement made to Parliament. He maintained Boris Johnson did not knowingly mislead the House as the Prime Minister believed any comments made were true at the time of the parliamentary address.    Mr Burns speculated the concern surrounding the honesty of Boris Johnson would soon be cleared as the “context” of Downing Street gatherings emerges in official inquiries. The Minister of State for Northern Ireland squirmed in an interview with Sky News following the passing of a Labour motion to investigate the Prime Minister on Thursday. Host Nilla Paterson said: “We have to ask if this Prime Minister has any respect for the rules." The Tory MP disagreed with the broadcaster's claim “the Prime Minister has misled Parliament.” And he objected to the suggestion of deceit from Boris Johnson: “I do not accept that."    Mr Burns contended statements of the Prime Minister to be “told in good faith” and explained the Conservative leader had believed the information to be “correct” at the time. The Conservative MP maintained at “each stage” of his numerous addresses to Parliament, the Prime Minister “believed “ the information he told ministers was accurate. Mr Burns condemned the attention given to the “spontaneous gathering” held at Downing Street within the recent political discussion. He claimed the “full facts” of the event will come to light and confidence in the Prime Minister will be restored when “the context comes out”. MPs will now refer Boris Johnson to the privileges committee to allow an inquiry into whether comments made by the Prime Minister misled Parliament. Read more: Gina Miller on the spot as Eamonn Holmes questions Boris probe Mr Paterson presented shocking data to the Conservative MP to question his view on the partygate scandal. He said: “80 percent of  the British public think he’s lying." Mr Burns rejected the claims of the reporter and continued to advocate for the “faithful, genuine and true” actions of Boris Johnson. Mr Paterson continued: “61 percent of Tory voters from 2019 do not believe him.” Don't miss:‘Keep calm and carry on, Boris!’ Readers rally behind PM [POLL RESULTS]Partygate is a waste of time and money [COMMENT]Tory MPs already looking for new leader [REPORT] A YouGov poll published after the Prime Minister received a fixed penalty notice for violating lockdown rules appeared to support the claims of Mr Paterson. According to YouGov, around 74 percent of respondents considered Boris Johnson to be an “untrustworthy” political figure. Data reflecting on individuals who voted Conservative in 2019 suggested around half of those voters were now dissatisfied with the leadership of the Prime Minister. Further opinion poll data demonstrated the proportion of respondents who consider the Prime Minister to be “incompetent” has also risen.   