Piers Morgan made his television comeback on Monday after a year hiatus. More than 400,000 viewers turned in to watch his first episode which was aired on TalkTV after months of promotion. However, the viewing numbers halved the following day and they have dropped significantly once again. The former Good Morning Britain presenter has interviewed former US President Donald Trump and boxing champion, Tyson Fury, on his news show so far. The second episode, which broadcast the concluding part of the interview with America's ex-leader, was viewed by an average of 200,000 people across the hour. It was roughly half of the number of viewers as the opening instalment but was still more than the viewing figures for BBC News and Sky News. However, figures for Wednesday night's broadcast have been published and once again the viewership has almost halved - this time from 215,900 to 123,000.  READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves'  While the two presenters do not appear on the same time slot, Piers is now a mere 23,000 views off what GB News' Nigel Farage managed during his 7pm slot. A statement from the political website Guido Fawkes said: "It's a significant fall for the controversial presenter after he celebrated his first night by drawing 400,000 followers from the first show. "If Piers thinks Guido’s TalkTV view count feature is going let up soon he’ll be disappointed." It added Piers and Nigel had actually matched the percentage of total viewers with 0.8 percent each, given 8pm is a more popular slot.  Despite the drop in figures, Piers has continued to speak out on his news programme's success on his social media. On Thursday he told his millions of Twitter followers: "Here’s some real context for you: "@PiersUncensored beat Sky & GB news combined in the UK last night. "It’s also the No1 rated show on @SkyNewsAust, doing very well on @foxnation in the US, and seeing rapidly improving numbers on the @TalkTV app & @YouTube." The same day he announced his show has passed six million social media clip views, which he described as "amazing". DON'T MISS...Steve Coogan takes pop at Richard Madeley and Piers Morgan [INTERVIEW]Jeremy Clarkson brutal swipe at Brooklyn Beckham's wedding [LATEST]Piers Morgan explodes at Speaker for Rayner reaction [REACTION] The journalist's next high profile figure appearing on the show will be Caitlyn Jenner. Caitlyn will be joining him on Thursday night's instalment despite their recent fallout. Ahead of the launch, Caitlyn revealed she dropped out of speaking to Piers over his "repulsive misconduct" after Donald Trump stormed out of his interview with the broadcaster. However, Piers and Caitlyn appear to have made peace with one another and the interview may boost figures. 