Today, Harry and his wife Meghan Markle will help launch the Invictus Games in The Hague, Netherlands, two years after it was originally planned to take place. The coronavirus pandemic meant plans for the 2020 edition of the tournament, as well as a revised 2021 event, were dashed, but the six-day extravaganza gets underway in earnest on Saturday. Harry and Meghan's trip to the Netherlands, coincides with the Duchess of Sussex's first European appearance since she and her husband ditched their senior royal roles in 2020. Prior to that appearance, the couple visited Harry's grandmother the Queen at Windsor Castle, before heading out to the Netherlands. Alongside the couple will be a film crew, who are capturing highlights from the games for a new Netflix series entitled Heart of Invictus. The Invictus Games was created by Harry, himself a veteran of two frontline tours of Afghanistan in 2008 and 2012, during his ten-year stint in the British Army. It also afforded him and Meghan the perfect place to make their debut as a couple in 2017, at a games which also showed off Harry's closeness to two other American heavyweights. These came in the form of ex-US President Barack Obama, and his former Vice-President Joe Biden, who is now running America. In footage captured from the 2017 Invictus Games, which were held in Toronto, Harry and Mr Obama were spotted enjoying each other's company at a wheelchair basketball game. Close to the royal and politician were Mr Biden, and his wife Jill. Harry and Mr Obama's friendship had at that point been well documented, with the ex-President also attending the Invictus Games in 2015, while still in charge of the US. JUST IN: Royal expert praises Charles and the Queen for being 'bigger people' A year later, as Mr Obama's time in office came to an end, his wife Michelle reflected on her friendship with Harry, alongside Jill. Both lended their backing to the Invictus Games, as well as the Joining Forces initiative, which Harry gave a talk to while both women were in office. The friends were then asked what they would continue doing with their working on Joining Forces, which left Michelle reflecting on a number of times she had enjoyed backing the movement. Michelle said "there were so many moments", including a baby show for military mums, and helping out on US show The Voice, which "was a lot of fun to be on set". DON'T MISS:Prince Harry is 'confident & in control' at Invictus Games [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry's meeting with Queen could be used in Netflix series [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's Invictus Games Netflix deal once ripped apart by writer [LATEST] Yet, Michelle added: "But it's our conversations with spouses. I say this again and again, that if I am ever feeling sorry for myself or I'm feeling down, spending some time with the men and women who are the spouses of our service members, that makes you understand there is no problem that you can't handle. "They do it all with grace, and with dignity. They don't complain." Remarking about their friendship, the women both admit they enjoy spending time together on planes while travelling to events "drinking wine", while Jill - who maintained her job while her husband was Vice President as a teacher, and will do so when he is President - marked papers. And Jill added: "If we don't maybe see one another for maybe a month because we're both in different places, when we get together it's like that friend you see like every couple of years - it's like that. This is what this is." Their interview with Entertainment Weekly came after Harry had gone on a seven-day visit to the US, and joined Michelle in honouring the country's military mothers during a White House reception. While there, he also visited a landmine charity's gallery, which highlighted the work his mother, Princess Diana, had carried out during her life. Speaking at the event, Michelle described Harry's visit as an "honour", adding: "As you all may know, Prince Harry is a captain in the Army Air Corps in the British armed forces." "We are absolutely thrilled he could be with us today. He just arrived in DC. He only has a limited time here. "But when he heard about this tea and all of you, he wanted to be here to personally thank you for all your service." The Invictus Games runs until April 22.