Paul Pogba has suggested that his Manchester United career isn't dead yet - with a cryptic Instagram post hinting that he's targeting a return to action before the end of the season. The 29-year-old picked up a calf injury in the early stages of United's humbling 4-0 defeat against Liverpool in midweek. Ralf Rangnick claimed that Pogba's season was over as a result of the injury, with the German revealing that the midfielder's ailment was set to keep him out for 'a minimum of four weeks' ahead of Saturday afternoon's crunch clash against Arsenal. But Pogba has suggested that may not be the case with his latest social media post. The Frenchman posted on Instagram: "Absolutely gutted to not be able to help the team in today's game. I will work even harder to come back stronger and hopefully before the end of the season. It's not over. Thank you all for your support, United we would stand!" Even if Pogba's optimism is correct and he does manage to make a remarkable return to action before the current Premier League campaign concludes at the end of May, it's unlikely he'll be a fixture at Old Trafford for much longer. READ MORE: Alexandre Lacazette wants to leave Arsenal due to 'problems' with Mikel Arteta The midfield technician is due to be a free agent at the end of the season, and there are no signs of a new agreement being reached between Pogba and the Old Trafford hierarchy. Reports emerged last month claiming that Pogba had turned down a bumper new deal to commit his future to United, with the ex-Juventus man turning down a deal that would have made him the club's highest-ever earner. United are now facing the prospect of losing Pogba for nothing - just six years after he returned to Manchester in a club-record £89million deal. Despite the constant speculation over his future, Pogba insisted last month that he'd made no decision over his long-term future. DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Harry Maguire to be 'benched' by Ralf Rangnick for crunch Arsenal clashJamie Carragher advises two Man Utd targets to 'run a mile' despite Ten Hag appointmentErik ten Hag shown first Man Utd task as Rangnick echoes Mourinho issue four years on Pogba has been linked with the likes of Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain over the past few months, while Juventus have also been credited with an interest in bringing the midfielder back to Turin. Pogba could also have options to remain in the Premier League, while United could still make a last-gasp bid to persuade him to stay at Old Trafford after appointing Erik ten Hag as thei new manager this week. However, Pogba hinted that United's inability to challenge for major accolades was a major issue, citing that United's lack of silverware over the past few years was "sad". He told Telefoot: "Nothing is decided on my future, there is nothing done. "I can decide tomorrow, as I can decide during the transfer window. I want to come back, finish the season well." He added: "The season is not over yet, but almost because we don't have any more titles to play for. I want to win titles, to play for something and this year and the last few years we haven't won a title. It's sad."