The Prince of Wales and Duke of Cambridge joined other members of the Royal Family at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday to celebrate the life and work of Prince Philip. The two heirs sat alongside the Queen at the memorial service. Her Majesty’s attendance was subject to speculation amid concerns about her health, but the monarch did attend and was controversially escorted in by her second son, Prince Andrew, having travelled together from Windsor. This move reportedly went against the wishes of Charles and William. Russell Myers, the Daily Mirror’s royal editor, told Thursday’s episode of Pod Save The Queen that the future kings delivered “some kickback” against Andrew’s special role in the ceremony. He said: “You’re not just a mother. You’re not just sons. “You are the monarch and they are representatives of the Royal Family, especially when you’ve got two future kings there, who are already delivering some kickback. “That’s my understanding, as the Queen overruled Charles and William and she said: ‘this is the way that I want it’ and I think that really hammers home who is the boss.” Mr Myers added: “If it was ever in doubt that the Queen is the boss of the family ‒ she is the one who made that decision.” Her Majesty defiantly overruled her heirs to allow her son Andrew to escort her into the ceremony. Both Charles and William were reportedly “absolutely united” that it was “simply unnecessary” for Andrew to position himself as the only family member to accompany the Queen to the church. A source told the Daily Mirror this week: “Both the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cambridge reluctantly accepted that he [Prince Andrew] would travel with the Queen to the Abbey as they both live in Windsor. “It was arguably palatable if simply down to logistics, but it goes without saying that most of the family were absolutely dismayed to see him walking the Queen up the aisle in full view of the entire congregation and broadcast cameras.” The memorial service marks the Duke’s first public appearance since he was stripped of his military titles and royal patronages, and paid an out-of-court settlement to Ms Giuffre. Ms Giuffre had accused the Duke of sexually assulting her in 2001 when she was 17, allegations he vehemently denies. DON'T MISS: Queen grants rare 'royal' title to beloved association [INSIGHT]Queen’s sneaky trick to make sure Queen Mother was ready for dinner [COMMENT]Queen packs day with seven engagements as she honours Philip's aides [VIDEO] Last year, Virginia Giuffre filed a lawsuit against the Duke. The suit alleged Prince Andrew sexually assaulted Ms Giuffre as a teenager on multiple occasions — Andrew consistently denied these allegations. Prince Andrew’s legal team sought to have the case dismissed, but in January 2022, Judge Kaplan denied the bid for dismissal and ruled that it should go to court. However, in February, Ms Giuffre and Andrew announced a settlement in the case. In the settlement, which is not an admission of guilt, he pledged to make a “substantial donation” to her charity which supports sex trafficking victims.  Following his reappearance at Philip’s memorial service, it’s been speculated that Andrew may attempt to take further steps back into public life. Former BBC News royal correspondent Peter Hunt said: "This was rehabilitation on speed. "If he can escort his mother at such a high-profile event, why can't he unveil a plaque?" "The Queen has done what she always does and protected him.” To subscribe to Pod Save the Queen go to your normal podcast provider.