Manchester City were forced to apologise after some of their fans booed a minute’s silence ahead of their FA Cup semi-final with Liverpool on Saturday. The silence, which was ultimately cut short, was held as a mark of respect for the 97 Reds fans who lost their life at the Hillsborough disaster in 1989.  “Manchester City are extremely disappointed with the actions of some City supporters during the minute’s silence before today’s game,” said a City spokesperson. “The club sincerely apologises to all those connected with Liverpool Football Club.” City went head-to-head with Liverpool the day after the 33rd anniversary of the tragedy. But the shocking behaviour from some Citizens supporters tarnished the encounter. “One news item I want to read out before we move on, this match was meant to be preceded by a minute's silence for the 33rd anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster,” Gary Lineker said as he hosted the BBC’s coverage of the showdown. “This was cut short by referee Michael Oliver after persistent chants from the City end, which is obviously disappointing.” JUST IN: Arsenal ready 'important proposal' to Paulo Dybala as Juventus ace set for 'three offers'  Liverpool were in scintillating form at Wembley as they looked to keep alive their hopes of landing a historic quadruple. And they took the lead in the ninth minute as Ibrahima Konate rose to meet Andy Robertson’s corner. The Reds then doubled their advantage eight minutes later after City keeper Zack Steffen was caught dilly-dallying with the ball on his own goal-line. Sadio Mane raced towards the shot-stopper to close him down and ended up bundling the ball into the back of the net. And Mane added a third for his side moments before the break as Liverpool all but killed off any hopes of a City comeback. Jack Grealish pulled a goal back just after the interval as Pep Guardiola’s men at least broke Liverpool’s resilience - and Bernardo Silva notched another in stoppage time at the end of the match. But the Merseysiders held on to claim victory. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal   Liverpool will face either Chelsea or Crystal Palace in the FA Cup final next month. The two London clubs face each other in the second semi-final on Sunday. Jurgen Klopp’s side have also reached the Champions League semi-finals and are just one point behind Manchester City in the Premier League table with seven games of the season remaining. The Hillsborough disaster occurred on Saturday, April 15 1989 when Liverpool went up against Nottingham Forest in an FA Cup semi-final as an overcrowding issue led to the biggest death toll in British sporting history. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here