The majority of Britons have positive feelings toward both Kate and Prince William, a new poll has shown. The only member of the Royal Family to perform better than them in a favourability chart drawn by the pollster has been the Queen. The analysis - carried out between March 24 and 25 on a base of 2,055 British people aged between 16 and 75 - has shown 64 percent of those polled have a favourable opinion of the Duke of Cambridge. Only 13 percent said to have an unfavourable one. Similarly, Kate is seen in a favourable light by 60 percent of those polled last month, with only 13 percent saying to have an unfavourable impression of her. The Queen, still held in high esteem by Britons, is seen favourably by 69 percent of those polled and unfavourably by 12 percent. These three royals saw their favourability rate increase over the past years. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here When comparing the results of a similar poll carried out by Ipsos Global Advisor in 2018 on 1000 people, the Queen gained seven percentage points. Similarly, Kate gained four, while Prince William gained two percentage points. Kate and William's rise in favourability comes as, over the past years, they have steadily increased their workload. On occasions, they have even stepped in to represent the Queen. READ MORE: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen Prince William has been leading a growing number of investiture ceremonies in recent months. Until March 2020, the Queen was among the royals carrying out this duty, but she hasn't handed out honours during a traditional ceremony since the first lockdown was enforced. This has prompted William, Prince Charles and Princess Anne to step in for her. Moreover, Kate and William have also represented the Queen on a number of engagements and foreign trips in recent years.  In February, Prince William represented the UK and the sovereign as he travelled to the EXPO 2020 in Dubai and marked the UK National Day there. Prince William and Kate also represented the Queen last month, when they travelled to Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas to mark her 70th year on the throne. The Queen has been steadily reducing her workload over the past few years. In 2015, she travelled abroad for the last time to attend the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Malta. She has since delegated official foreign travels to her younger relatives. However, last October she significantly changed her working schedule after her doctors advised her to rest. On October 20, after she pulled out of a two-day trip to Northern Ireland, the monarch was taken to hospital to run some undisclosed tests, as it was later revealed. After that, the Queen's schedule was quickly freed of engagements, with the monarch missing the Opening Session of the 11th General Synod, the Commonwealth Day Service and the evening reception at COP26 among other events. Most poignantly, the monarch was also unable to attend the National Service of Remembrance after spraining her back. The Queen returned to in-person duties after five months last week, when she attended the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip. Over the past weeks, she continued to carry out her daily duties as sovereign, which include dealing with the Government's red boxes and meeting - either virtually or in person - foreign diplomats. Last month, the Queen made up for an engagement cancelled in 2020 due to the pandemic by inviting to Windsor Castle representatives from the British factory Halcyon Days. While the mobility issues she is reportedly experiencing would have made it difficult for the Queen to travel to the factory itself, she was able to still carry out the engagement by having a selection of the items created by the firm brought to her Berkshire home.