Vladimir Putin’s control of Russia has come under serious scrutiny since the invasion of Ukraine began on February 24. But despite worldwide condemnation, a world without President Putin at the helm still seems a far-off reality - and it could lead to Russia becoming one of the most alienated countries in the world. The question of whether President Putin can be replaced has become more pertinent than ever since Russia invaded Ukraine - but with or without Putin, Professor John R. Bryson argues there is only a bleak future ahead. In a system that has become so embedded in President Putin’s cult of propaganda, violence, and authoritarianism, the usual mechanisms for the transfer of power do not apply. Professor John R. Bryson, Professor of Enterprise and Economic Geography at the University of Birmingham, told Express.co.uk: “There is no question that Putin’s popularity in Russia cannot last and that eventually there will be a successor who might emerge through a Maidan-style popular revolution, which is unlikely, [or] a palace coup which is increasingly becoming more of a possibility given Putin’s continued failure in Ukraine or via a managed handover.” But President Putin’s tenure isn’t over, and there’s little chance of a Russian revolt given the heavy handed control the Kremlin has on the nation’s media. READ MORE: Putin plot to WIPE OUT Ukraine - entirely from the map What’s more, even with a handover from President Putin to one of his key allies - forced or otherwise - is unlikely to yield any major changes in the way Russia conducts itself on the international stage. Professor Bryson continued: “Putin remaining in power, or even a managed handover, would lead Russia into a form of Cold War-style isolation. “For the Russian people there is a real danger that the country becomes a larger version of North Korea. “It has become increasingly apparent that Putin has become Russia’s greatest existential threat and that Joe Biden was correct in assuming that Putin cannot remain in power for the greater good of the Russian people.” Trust between western nations and businesses has been all but destroyed due to the incursion in Ukraine, meaning that even if Putin did or did not remain in the Kremlin, it’s unlikely Russia will be trusted for another generation by Western powers. Professor Bryson said: “One outcome of Putin’s Ukrainian conflict is that it has destroyed any trust that had developed between Russian business interests and the global financial system.” But perhaps most damning of all is the fact that Russia is unlikely to ever be trusted to hold its word again by international governments. Professor Bryson explained: “The Kremlin has developed a proven reputation for saying one thing and acting quite differently. DON'T MISSNew bans for Russia as Liz Truss vows to 'starve Putin's war machine' [INSIGHT]'Take them all f***ing out!' Leaked audio of Putin's 'war crimes' [REPORT]Germany plots to DELAY Russia sanctions until August [INSIGHT] “Any statement made by the Kremlin must come with a bucket rather than a pinch of salt. “In January 1994, for example, Russia signed a Tripartite Agreement with Ukraine and the US in which Ukraine agreed to ship its nuclear warheads to Russia for dismantling in exchange for Russian commitment to respecting existing borders. This agreement was worthless.” Professor Bryson believes there are pathways open to President Putin that could restore Russia’s reputation somewhat - but the likelihood of the authoritarian despot taking them is slim. He continued: “He could stop all military action in Ukraine and withdraw from the territory respecting the border that existed prior to his special operation. This is unlikely. “He could continue to fight and might even eventually deploy chemical and nuclear weapons, and this is more likely. “Alternatively, he could recognise that he has become a major liability for Russia and begin to facilitate a managed handover, but this is also unlikely. “The problem for the Russian people is that it is much easier to deploy nuclear weapons against some perceived existential threat to the Russian nation, but impossible to develop a rapid and effective solution to Russia’s greatest existential threat - Vladimir Putin. “The key challenge facing the Russian people is 'how do you solve a problem like Putin?'.”