Naga made an unfortunate slip-up on Saturday morning, April 30, after she confused Boris Becker with Boris Johnson. Tennis star Becker was jailed on Friday afternoon after being charged with hiding his assets after bankruptcy. However, when discussing his crimes, Naga made quite the blunder and sent fans into a frenzy on Twitter. Updating the viewers on the latest headlines, Naga explained: "Three-times Wimbledon champion Boris Johnson has just spent his first night in prison. "He was sentenced for two-and-a-half years for hiding assets to avoid paying debts." Neither of her co-hosts, Ben Thompson, nor BBC sports reporter Mike Bushell, pulled her up on the mistake and simply continued to the segment. The slip-up caused quite a stir on social media, as viewers who caught her blunder were quick to laugh at the mistake. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Spider Nugent returns as Emily Bishop dies @sdoddsy commented: "Naga Munchetty saying something lots of us would like to really hear ‘Boris Johnson has been spending his first night in prison’ #BBCBreakfast." Pippa Lea added: "Naga, saying Boris Johnson instead of Boris Becker #bbcbreakfast! LOL!" @Spottydog teased: "Naga predicting the future…#JohnsonOut." Melinda Salisbury exclaimed: "YES, NAGA! USE THAT NEW MOON ENERGY TO MANIFEST THE NEWS WE WANT." Andy Garden applauded: "Naga misspoke but told us what we wanted to hear. "Boris Johnson spent his first night in prison". #BBCBreakfast." Greg Eden laughed: "Was that a Freudian slip from Naga Munchetty 'Boris Johnson spending his night in prison." (sic) Becker was convicted of hiding a number of assets, including nearly £700,000, £75,000 shares in a tech firm and some of his most prized tennis titles, including his Wimbledon trophies. He filed for bankruptcy in 2017 and failed to declare the assets after handing in his wedding ring, while continuing to conceal the ownership of his £1.3 million home. Becker earned nearly £40million during his tennis career, but had run into financial difficulties after retiring through costly divorces, childcare costs, and his lavish lifestyle. He made history in 1985 after becoming the youngest-ever winner of a Grand Slam men's singles title when he won Wimbledon aged just 17. He went on to defend his title at SW19 the following year before winning the tournament for a third and final time in 1989. Prosecutor Rebecca Chalkley told jurors that Becker had given bankruptcy officials "the runaround". "Looking at the way the case was put and the route to verdict, it is the prosecution submission that the jury rejected his case that he did not act dishonestly and must have found that he did." She added: "The obligations and duties were with him," and now Becker will spend at least 15 months behind bars. BBC Breakfast airs every day from 6am on BBC One.