Dr Laurel Anderson, who worked with troubled Amber Heard and Johnny Depp for a total of 21 historic sessions as they struggled to repair their marriage, told the court that "abandonment" was Amber's "worst nightmare" and that she would strike her partner in a bid to keep him there. The counsellor also claimed that she believed the abuse was "mutual". Based on notes she'd taken during their sessions, she described Johnny as a man who had been "well controlled" for decades, and depicted both himself and Amber as victims of abuse at home in their younger years. She also claimed that Amber felt humiliated if Johnny attacked her, as it linked back to when she felt powerless as a child when being "physically violated" by her father. "Her history is having been violated by her father [so] she was sensitive to feeling disrespected," she said. "If she felt disrespected, she had come out of her background history feeling her pride needed to dominate and she needed to stand up for herself."  READ NOW: Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress "I know she led [the physical fighting] on more than one occasion and started it to keep him with her because abandonment and having him leave was her worst nightmare," Dr. Anderson told the court. She added at Pirates of the Caribbean star Johnny's $50 million defamation trial: "Miss Heard reported that it was a point of pride to her, if she felt disrespected, to initiate a fight. Her father had beaten her, she was not going to end." She continued: "If he was going to leave she would strike him to keep him there. "She would rather be in a fight than have him leave." Dr Anderson, whose testimony was screened by video, explained: "He had been well controlled for almost 20, 30 years... and with Miss Heard he was triggered and they engaged in what I saw as mutual abuse." She also recalled her perception that Johnny had struggled in "having a voice". "He had trouble talking at a similar pace," she reflected, "and he was cut off a lot [by Amber]. "Miss Heard had a jackhammer style of talking," she claimed. DON'T MISS: Johnny Depp's best friend sobs in court over Amber Heard abuse case [INSIGHT] Victoria Beckham shares gorgeous photo with rarely-seen parents [PHOTOS] Simon Cowell, 62, unrecognisable at Kids Choice Awards [LATEST]  "This is how he didn't have a voice. He couldn't talk with her rapid-fire way of conversation so he was really overwhelmed." Dr Anderson claimed that both parties' communication skills were "terrible". She continued: "She felt she had to hit him back if he hit her. She always did." Another cause of the communication difficulty was reported by Amber to be that her then-husband was always "f***ed up on drugs". Dr Anderson claimed that on one occasion, Amber had hit Johnny during a therapy session by phone, while she was on the line with them. Amber had described him as "incoherent" while under the influence of drugs and had reported to their marriage counsellor that he was talking about being with another woman. "I think she felt demeaned and threatened," she stated. She explained that she had never witnessed abuse between the pair in person, but that she recalled seeing photos of them both with bruises on their faces.