You may not have heard of Nothing but this new technology firm could be about to give rivals such as Samsung a serious headache. The company has already launched some wireless earbuds (read our full review here) and will unveil its first-ever smartphone in the coming weeks. The man behind Nothing is Carl Pei who is famed for co-founding the hugely successful OnePlus smartphone brand and it appears the technology entrepreneur has big plans for his latest venture. "This is it. It’s now official. This summer we will be launching our first ever smartphone - phone (1). While it is going to be unlike anything you have seen, and I am super excited about it, this is just the start of the Nothing story," Pei said. We'll find out more about the Nothing Android phone in the coming months but to build some excitement around the brand, the firm has released a download that brings its unique styling to rival devices such as those made by Samsung and Google. Although the Nothing phone's hardware remains under wraps the company has revealed how its version of Android will look with users getting a bespoke appearance that features striking black wallpapers and a digital-style font. The new Nothing Launcher brings this upgrade to current devices allowing Android users to preview the Nothing OS graphics and animations unified by its distinctive design language. Along with the new look, Nothing OS also features something called Max Icons and Max Folders which is a new experience for Android. This allows users to hold and press to enlarge app folders or individual apps, so the things you use the most are more visible There are also bespoke Clock and Weather widgets plus the option to customise the home screen with Nothing wallpapers and the associated colour palette. Fancy giving it a try? Here's how you can download it today. Step 1: Download the Nothing Launcher (Beta) via the Google Play Store Step 2: Go to settings > Apps > Default Apps > Default Home App Step 3: Select Nothing Launcher After installing, you can also download additional Nothing designed wallpapers and three ringtones tuned by teenage engineering here. It's worth noting that this launcher is only available for Samsung S21 & S22; Google Pixel 5 and 6 users with OnePlus coming soon.