I have lived in my current abode for 24 years and I am one of those people who archives my life. I keep everything, cards, notes, invitations, pictures. They are all kept in folders marked in the relevant year.  And I started early, so there are now the best part of 40 of them, the vast majority of which I have never opened since putting them away. But moving (and matrimony) requires discipline, so it’s time for almost everything to hit the recycling bin and I’ve spent weeks going through the lot of them. And what a bittersweet experience it is. It’s been like going to a foreign country with an unknown me. This is what I’ve found. I was a member of a nightclub called Legends. I have absolutely no recollection whatsoever of a nightclub called Legends. I’ve just googled and apparently it was famous. I think it might have been the place where I met a beautiful pre-op transexual, decades before this sort of thing caught on. I found cards from long-forgotten friends who I last saw decades ago. Most of those friendships ended not with a bang but a whimper, as so many do. But did I have any hint that that was to be our final farewell? Was there some sign that even if this was not an important relationship, it was about to slip quietly, and forever, away? And then there are the friends I do remember but can no longer stand. What on earth gave me such bad judgment that I had anything to do with them in the first place? There were invitations to marriages from couples who are now divorced. Apparently I provided a reference for a man who wanted to enter the European Parliament. He didn’t get in. I also found fond letters from someone, now a famous historian which transmuted, over a matter of months, into entreaties to buy his book. The pretentiousness of the invitations! There was one for a black tie drinks party at a one-bedroom flat in Peckham (where Only Fools And Horses was set). It took place at the same time as the filming. The awfulness of the photos! Yup: I came to maturity in the 1980s, which was a fantastically good fun decade (I was once at a ball when Mrs Thatcher unexpectedly appeared and the publicly-school-educated, stiff-upper-lip revellers were practically in tears to a man) but puff ball skirts, leggings and the frightful perm hairstyles were no one’s best look. And I was so young… Why didn’t I realise it at the time? Why don’t any of us? It’s true, though, the past is a different country, and there comes a time when you have to walk away. And in my case, the reason couldn’t be bettered. Roll on the new. ------------------------------------------------ Are obese women more angry? Apparently obesity in a woman increases testosterone levels (yes, we have it too), which in turn leads to an increased risk of womb cancer. My heart goes out to anyone who suffers from such a condition. But could those higher testosterone levels be the reason that so many women of a certain weight tend to be a touch on the tetchy side? ------------------------------------------------ BBC journalists need to forget Partygate For the love of goodness, would the BBC stop leading their news items on Partygate? Here is the real news: most of us don’t care. There’s the matter of attempting to stop the outbreak of the Third World War. If Boris plays a leading role in that, frankly he can spend the rest of his life holding unopened cakes for two minutes in an office or as he himself once put, be allowed to be pro-cakes and pro-eating them, too. ------------------------------------------------ Often silence is the seemly way to behave It has been revealed that the Queen remained in total silence after the funeral of Prince Philip. Poor woman. Should anyone be at all surprised? Sometimes grief is so deep it is impossible to put into words and after a 73-year marriage to a soulmate has ended in death, that is clearly one of those occasions. It also makes the actions of her grandson, heaping pain on her at such a time, all the more despicable. And still she is intent on welcoming him back into the family he has treated so shoddily. Not just an extraordinary monarch, but a quite remarkable woman, too. ------------------------------------------------ A world of choice but no idea of what suits Meghan has been swanning around in her usual eye-wateringly expensive wardrobe, this latest a dress by Valentino that cost £3,600. I usually love Valentino but this shapeless monstrosity is at least three inches too short. And here’s another insoluble question: given that the former Miss Markle appears to spend the GDP of a developing nation on her wardrobe, why does she always look so badly dressed? ------------------------------------------------ Macron shouldn't reveal so much chest Rug-gate has certainly divided the nation: the somewhat alarming sight of President Macron’s hairy chest has had half the population clutching their pearls and the other swooning in adulation. Both completely miss the point. There is something deeply suspect about any man who goes around with more than the two top buttons of his shirt open, whatever is lurking underneath. Tony Blair is another serial offender. ’Nuff said. ------------------------------------------------ The inhabitants of various attractive seaside resorts have been whinging that rich townies have been visiting and turning the place into Chelsea-on-Sea. I bet, though, that didn’t stop the local shops, pubs, hotels and restaurants accepting their tainted London dosh.