Manchester United’s big-name stars have been warned that Erik ten Hag is “very demanding,” as the Dutchman looks set to be named the Red Devils’ new boss. Ten Hag has seen off the likes of Paris Saint-Germain boss Mauricio Pochettino to land the top job at Old Trafford, with an official announcement expected in the coming days. Ten Hag has done a stellar job with current club Ajax and led them to the Champions League semi-finals in 2019, where they were defeated by Tottenham. This season, he could win his third domestic double. United chiefs will be hoping Ten Hag can restore the Red Devils to their former glory and help them compete for Premier League and Champions League trophies in the coming years. And former Liverpool winger Ryan Babel, who played under Ten Hag at Ajax, says his compatriot needs players who can execute his vision amid reports the Dutchman wants Cristiano Ronaldo to leave. “It’s an interesting move,” Babel told talkSPORT. “Obviously I’ve worked with Ten Hag at Ajax - he’s a very good coach. But at the same time I think football style-wise, Dutch-minded, Man United had Louis van Gaal before and people have mixed feelings about his time there. JUST IN: Arsenal ready 'important proposal' to Paulo Dybala as Juventus ace set for 'three offers'   “In my opinion, and I’m sure he would say the same, I don’t think he [Van Gaal] had all the players that he wanted that could execute his vision of playing how he wanted to play. That’s why it will be interesting to see if Ten Hag will have the tools and will get the tools in order to acquire the players that can execute his vision. “He’s very demanding in how he wants to play and, with all due respect, a player who doesn’t necessarily understand his way of playing, even though he can be a big name, can cause problems. It will be interesting to see how that will play out.” READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal    Ten Hag has been compared to Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola, who was in charge of Bayern Munich when the Dutchman oversaw the German club’s second team. And Babel admits he can see why the comparisons have been made. “I understand why they say that [Ten Hag is the new Guardiola],” the 35-year-old added. “That’s why I also used Louis van Gaal’s name. If you look at the whole history of these coaches Pep Guardiola is of course from Barcelona but he worked under Dutch coaches who were able to bring Barcelona at that time to a certain level and a certain playing style and he used that in his style. “You can see many interviews where he admires Johan Cruyff and these types of coaches so it’s all in the same bracket. And of course at the end they all add their own flavour to it but it’s pretty much in the same bracket.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 