Daisy (played by Charlotte Jordan) has been struggling to disguise her jealousy on Coronation Street in recent weeks. The feisty character has been growing envious of Nicky's (Kimberly Hart-Simpson) friendship with her boyfriend Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard). Official ITV soap spoilers have revealed Daniel's boss Orla Cranshaw (Carla Mendonça) is set to make a move on him in upcoming scenes which could push Daisy over the edge. Since arriving on the cobbles over a year ago, Daisy has developed strong feelings for school teacher Daniel and it seems she will do whatever it takes to be with him. The barmaid has made it clear she is concerned about Nicky since she returned to the ITV soap, but Daniel has insisted she has nothing to fear. Despite his assurances, Daisy has been growing increasingly jealous of Nicky and soap spoilers have hinted the character will have another love rival to worry about in upcoming scenes. In an episode yet to air Daniel attends a meeting about a school trip but is taken aback when his boss Mrs Cranshaw confides that her husband has left her. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson's secret exposed in Meena twist Daniel offers to take over the planning of the school trip to Edinburgh and is pleased when Nicky offers to help. He knows how Daisy feels about Nicky, so how will she take the news? But Nicky is soon the least of his concerns after Mrs Cranshaw makes an unexpected move. She calls at Daniel's home waving a bottle of wine and insists he calls her by her first name Orla. How will Daniel deal with the headteacher making a pass at him?  It appears as though Daniel will try and keep it to himself and instead decides to tell Daisy he will be spending the day working with Nicky. An envious Daisy is left annoyed by Daniel's announcement and opens up to Jenny Bradley (Sally Ann Matthews) about it. Daisy takes Jenny's advice and asks Nicky to join her for a drink to quiz her about her feelings for Daniel. But how will Daisy cope if Nicky admits she has feelings for Daniel? DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Maureen Lipman opens up on living with Rula Lenska [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Faye Windass death sealed after health scare [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Kelly Neelan exit after double death tradegy [SPOILER] Is there a chance Daisy will find out about Mrs Cranshaw's bid to seduce Daniel? The fiery character is set to be left reeling if she discovers Daniel's boss is interested in him romantically. Could a furious Daisy be driven to kill both love rivals in a jealous rage? Daisy actress Charlotte recently opened up to Express.co.uk and other media about the character's "dark side" which writers have yet to delve into.  She explained: "Even when I've asked, I actually don't know, I've asked about it because her past is something that's really interesting to me. "I would like to know about it because she’s such a contrasting character. I'd like to know why she operates the way that she does. "And it wouldn't surprise me if there have been some very dodgy dealings there." Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 