It took less than two hours for the new Toyota GR86 to sell out its UK allocation. The affordable sports car went on sale last week. The hype for this new model has seen early adopters snap up all models initially bound for the UK through an exclusively online ordering process. The model’s predecessor, the GT86, was well received by enthusiasts for being an affordable sports car, but its sales never set the world alight. This, however, was not the case with the GR86. Anyone who was not able to place an order before the allocation sold out can now join a waiting list in case there are any cancellations. The same “first come, first served” process that applied to the ordering process continues to apply to the waiting list, based on when prospective buyers signed up. READ MORE: Electric vehicle charging network will be 99 percent reliable It is unclear when – or if – further units will be made available to UK buyers beyond these cancellations. The GR86 does not comply with impending crash regulations, meaning Toyota is forced to keep its production run short, stating “when it’s gone, it’s gone”. Speaking to Autocar magazine, Toyota said a further allocation is “not in the plan at this stage”. Mark Roden, Toyota GB operations director, said: “The phenomenal response to GR86 is a sign of how it is fulfilling its role as a thoroughbred sports car that’s affordable as well as thrilling to drive. DON'T MISS Drivers could be fined for failing to check their windscreen [WARNING] Driver fined for parking on motorway hard shoulder [SHOCKING] Brits rage as combustion car drivers will pay huge parking costs [INSIGHT] “Our Gazoo Racing-engineered models – GR Supra and GR Yaris – have generated an exceptional buzz with their competition-tuned performance and handling, helping raise expectations of what GR86 will deliver.” Prices for the new Toyota GR86 start at £29,995 for the manual model and £32,085 for the automatic version. First customers were given an enticing finance opportunity for the manual version, with monthly payments of £299 with a £4,777 customer deposit on a 42-month contract with 4.9 percent APR. Standard equipment includes 18-inch alloy wheels, an eight-inch infotainment display with integrated Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, adaptive LED headlights, and Ultrasuede and leather seat upholstery. Factory-fitted safety features include autonomous emergency braking, adaptive cruise control, and lane-keeping assistance. The Toyota GR86 is powered by a naturally aspirated 2.4-litre flat-four “boxer” engine, which replaces the 2.0-litre unit found in the old car. European specs are yet to be confirmed, but the Japanese version of the car produces 232bhp and 250Nm of torque. This means that the GR86 will get from 0–62mph in 6.3 seconds. However, these figures could change once the car is away from Toyota’s home market. As standard, the new engine will be mated to a six-speed manual gearbox, with the six-speed automatic transmission costing £2090. The GR86 is built on the same basic platform as the GT86, which means it retains the same proportions as its predecessor. However, Toyota is keen to stress that the shell has been upgraded with more strengthening panels and stronger bonding techniques, which improve the chassis’s stiffness and sharpen up the handling. Automatic versions of the GR86 will also be available with Subaru-developed EyeSight driver assistance technology. This will make use of a forward-facing camera setup and provide pre-collision avoidance support.