Jérôme Batret, a farmer from rural Auvergne, told France 24: “He didn’t respect the people back then and he doesn’t respect them now. “We have a president who wants to piss off his own people – and yet he’ll win again.” Mr Batret says his spending power has plummeted during Macron’s five years in office – a turbulent term marked by the coronavirus pandemic and now the fallout from the war in Ukraine. Surging energy prices mean most of his earnings are now swallowed up by the fuel he needs to run his car and tractor - and to heat his house. He added: “People in Paris tell me it’s not so bad for them, but out here in the countryside we’ve got no choice. "My sons work 35 kilometres from home. That’s 400 euros per month in petrol just to get to work. “Politicians in Paris don’t give a shit about us. “They make empty promises come election time and then leave us to rot. They have no respect for the people.” Mr Batret also explained how more and more people in France are being swayed by other candidates. Ms Le Pen of the National Assembly is once again challenging Mr Macron, but a new face of the far right – Eric Zemmour – is also vying for the presidency. Mr Batret added: “On April 24 they’ll be telling us to back Macron as the lesser evil, but I don’t think he is. “If it’s Macron versus Le Pen again, I’ll vote Le Pen. And if it’s Zemmour, I’ll leave the country." Mr Macron warned France last week about the "extremists" he is up against. READ MORE: Poland PM blasts Macron and Germany 'What have you achieved?'  He said: "The mobilisation is now, the battle is now! "It's a battle between progress and turning back, a battle between patriotism and Europe, and nationalism." The French presidential election is split into two rounds, the first taking place on April 10. The top two candidates from that result will then proceed to a head-to-head runoff on April 24. DON'T MISS Macron could see highest abstention rates in 20 years, poll shows [INSIGHT] Poland PM blasts Macron and Germany 'What have you achieved?' [ANALYSIS] 'Negotiating with Hitler!' Poland attacks Macron over Putin talks [INSIGHT] Short of a last minute political disaster, Mr Macron is all but guaranteed to make it to the second round. His old rival, Ms Le Pen, currently holds second place, suggesting a rematch of 2017's second round could take place, when Mr Macron beat her with 66 percent of the vote to 34 percent. Close behind Ms Le Pen is Jean-Luc Mélenchon, a controversial leftist representing France Unbowed, who also ran in 2017.