Disneyland Paris is one of the world’s most well-known theme parks and is celebrating a milestone. Visit the theme park to enjoy a unique adventure that will be one of your favourite memories. This year marks Disneyland Paris’s 30 year anniversary since it opened and it is still the top tourist attraction in Europe. To celebrate the milestone event, the famous theme park has launched new shows, performances and it’s a once-in-a-lifetime celebration that is perfect for a day out. The theme park opened on 12 April 1992 and since 375 million people have visited the park including famous celebrities. With Easter and May half term coming up, there’s no better opportunity than to enjoy a family holiday to Disneyland Paris. For its 30 year anniversary, guests can experience the all new Dream… and Shine Brighter! show which is performed several times a day in Disneyland Park on Central Plaza in front of Sleeping Beauty Castle. The iconic Sleeping Beauty Castle is now even more stunning following a 12-month refurbishment. Guests will also be able to experience the Disney D-Light sequence which happens at nightfall and its a limited-edition show that uses ground-breaking technology to light up the Sleeping Beauty Castle. It will be offered in addition to the Disney Illuminations show which combines video ons, illuminated water jets, lighting effects, mist, lasers and Disney songs to end the day at Sleeping Beauty Castle. Plus, this will be the first time a Disney resort is using drone technology in its show. You can find more about the 30 year anniversary here. Families can book stays from £159 per person per night here. Plus, they can also save up to 49 percent off Disneyland Paris tickets on Picniq Tickets. Guests can get a one day entry ticket for £47.65 for adults and £44.25 for children. Book tickets here. In line with French government guidance, Vaccine and Health Pass are no longer required to visit Disneyland Paris. Meet and Greets with characters have resumed to original formats and face masks are no longer required at the park except for collective transport.