 A new study has found that with a simple combination of high-dose vitamin D, omega-3s, and a simple home strength exercise program (SHEP), senior citizens can reduce their cancer risk by 61 percent. This breakthrough test is the first such study that looks at the combined benefit of three measures, all of which are easily accessible and affordable. Cancer is considered a major age-related disease in Europe and the US, with the UK facing more than 166,000 cancer deaths every year between 2016 and 2018.  For older adults, cancer is the second leading cause of mortality, with the risk of developing cancerous growths increasing with age. Dr Heike Bischoff-Ferrari of the University Hospital Zurich said: "Preventive efforts in middle-aged and older adults today are largely limited to screening and vaccination efforts." Previous studies have shown that vitamin D can inhibit the growth of cancer cells, while omega-3s inhibit the development of new cells. Studies have also shown that exercise can improve a person’s immune function and decrease inflammation, which may help prevent cancer.     For older adults, cancer is the second leading cause of mortality, with the risk of developing cancerous growths increasing with age. Dr Heike Bischoff-Ferrari of the University Hospital Zurich said: "Preventive efforts in middle-aged and older adults today are largely limited to screening and vaccination efforts." Previous studies have shown that vitamin D can inhibit the growth of cancer cells, while omega-3s inhibit the development of new cells. Studies have also shown that exercise can improve a person’s immune function and decrease inflammation, which may help prevent cancer. READ MORE: Pfizer recalls high blood pressure drug due to cancer risk  "In fact, novel cancer treatments aim to block multiple pathways for cancer development by combining several agents. “We translated this concept into cancer prevention." The researchers found that combining all three treatments (vitamin D3, omega-3s, and SHEP) had cumulative benefits on the risk of invasive cancers. While each treatment had a small individual benefit, the scientists found an overall reduction in cancer risk by a staggering 61 percent when put together.  Dr Bischoff-Ferrari continued: “This is the first randomized controlled trial to show that the combination daily vitamin D3, supplemental marine omega-3s, and a simple home exercise program may be effective in the prevention of invasive cancer among generally healthy and active adults aged 70 and older." "Our results, although based on multiple comparisons and requiring replication, may prove to be beneficial for reducing the burden of cancer." "Future studies should verify the benefit of combined treatments in the prevention of cancer, also extending to longer follow-ups beyond the three-year duration assessed in this trial." 