Last week, viewers tuned in to watch a two-part Netflix documentary titled Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story which delved into the story of the TV presenter and his victims. The one-off series explored how the Jim’ll Fix It star managed to get away with committing sexual offences with no repercussions while continuing to be adored and celebrated by the British public. In a new interview with Express.co.uk, abuse lawyer Alan Collins, who has represented several of Savile’s victims, discussed his thoughts on the star and why he got away with his crimes for so long. Alan explained that Savile was finally exposed after one of the victims came forward with information. The solicitor went on to add that when he was presented with the claims against the TV personality, it didn’t shock him. “I was a kid watching Savile on Jim’ll Fix It,” Alan recalled. “I was a kid growing up in the 1970s and Savile was on TV all the time, whether it was Top of the Pops, Jim’ll Fix It, he was used in a train advert and as part of a police campaign, he was everywhere.” READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry He continued: “I keep thinking as a kid seeing Savile amongst the kids and all the rest of it, I remember thinking as a child, ‘I’m glad I’m not there’. “I don’t know what it was, I just remember as a youngster not being drawn to him. “So, you have that built into yourself and so when people start to talk about Savile, I wasn’t, sort of, recoiling thinking, ‘Oh, this can’t be true’. “I had my own impression of him, I don’t know what it was, I just didn’t warm to him. “ “So, when people started coming forward and [after] working on abuse cases over the years, there's always something new to learn when it comes to human depravity and what humans are capable of doing to other humans,” Alan added. Savile rose to fame in the 1970s and as Alan recalled from when he was a child, he dominated every television channel. The TV personality was adored by many celebrities and the Royal Family, and he'd also raised millions of pounds for charity. He was even knighted by Queen Elizabeth II and achieved a national treasure status before he died in 2011. DON'T MISS...'We call men boys!' Kriss Akabusi hits back at feminist policing [REACTION]Emmerdale star explains how sexuality affected acting career [INSIGHT]Vera star speaks on having exclusive access to key location [NEWS] However, Savile's victims never got the justice they deserved because the Top of the Pops host died before he could face the repercussions of his actions. Alan claimed that Savile had been on the police’s radar during the 1960s, but explained he knew how to “manipulate people”. “Savile knew how to manipulate people for his own gains, he could manipulate people in different situations,” the solicitor said. “But this doesn’t excuse the fact that there were individuals, you know, police or whoever, who had Savile on their radar way back in the 1960s.” “It doesn't excuse the fact that he got away with it for so long and that's a separate issue, to the fact that he was very adept at getting to the very top [as a celebrity] and staying there on his terms,” Alan said. “He knew organisations and individuals were using him for commercial reasons or charity and he used that to his advantage.” Speaking about why he believes Savile got away with his crimes for so long, Alan claimed it was a combination of factors. "Sexual abuse has always been a crime but the way we deal with it now is different to the way it was dealt with in the 60s, 70s and 80s,” he concluded. "What we would say is unacceptable sexist behaviour [now] would have been seen as normal in the 60s and 70s. There was a blur of what was acceptable and what wasn't acceptable." Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story is available to watch on Netflix.