Manchester United fans have put up a brutal sign at Carrington following their 1-0 loss to Everton on Saturday. It’s been a horrendous campaign for the Red Devils, who have toiled under both Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And anger appears to be boiling over, with the sign branding the players as 'embarrassing'. Manchester United saw their season hit a new low on Saturday, with Everton winning 1-0 at Goodison Park. And fans have now made their anger clear by putting up a sign on the way to their Carrington training complex. Along with the ‘embarrassing’ message, it also contained an expletive and said they were not fit to wear the shirt. And it also said ‘get out of our club’, with anger clearly at a new high after Saturday’s chastening result. United are, at the current moment in time, seventh in the Premier League table. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League are virtually over, with Tottenham and Arsenal instead leading the charge to play in Europe’s top-tier club competition. Instead, it seems as though United will be strutting their stuff in the UEFA Conference League. And if they do finish seventh, that would equal the seventh-placed finish they managed under David Moyes in 2014. Speaking after the defeat to Everton, interim boss Rangnick blasted his side’s performance by saying: "If you don't score a single goal in 95 minutes we have to be disappointed. "We made a good start to the game, had control over the game in the first 25 minutes. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players "We should have created more chances out of that domination in the first 25 minutes. “Then we conceded a deflected shot, a goal after a deflected shot, and after that lost a little bit of our composure and stride. "Second half we tried to add more creativity and verticality with our substitutions, but didn't always take the right decisions. “In the end we couldn't score a single goal in 95 minutes." When asked if Everton's home advantage made the difference, Rangnick added: "It was clear that happened, therefore it was important to score the first goal ourselves. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “This should have happened in first half-hour. If not, it doesn't make life any easier for us." On their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League, he said: "We've spoken about that a few times, we're dependent on other results, but if we don't win our games we'll never have good results from other teams. “The only thing we can do is stick together. "Now we have Fred injured as well as Scott McTominay, so that's two midfield sixes injured, hopefully not for too long. That's all we can do, prepare for the Norwich game.” And David De Gea was similarly critical, admitting United are a ‘disgrace’. “They played Wednesday and they were tired but they had more desire than us, that is not acceptable,” he said. “Very sad to lose. It is a disgrace from us. We should be winning this game.” United are next in action against Norwich on Saturday (3pm). They won 1-0 at Carrow Road earlier in the season, with Cristiano Ronaldo scoring the winner.