The Met Office has issued a flood alert for early Wednesday morning for the Tidal Thames riverside from Putney Bridge to Teddington Weir, warning of high river levels due to the spring tides. The weather service has warned residents flooding may occur from high tides at 5:45am this morning.  The warning states: “River levels are expected to be high as a result of spring tides. “The forecast high tide at Richmond is 4.79mAOD at 5:45am on April 20. “Flooding of low-lying roads and footpaths is expected, which may exist for one to two hours either side of high tide. Flooding of properties is not expected. “We believe there is a possibility of flooding for Putney Embankment, Chiswick Mall and Strand on the Green, Thames Bank at Mortlake, Ranelagh Drive, Friars Lane and Water Lane, Riverside and the Embankment at Twickenham, and the Towpath below Teddington Lock.”  The forecast for the rest of the UK is a mixture of sunshine and showers, with most areas staying dry. According to the Met Office, the weather for Wednesday should be: “Brighter and warmer for most but isolated showers. “Most parts dry with variable cloud and some warm sunshine, although scattered showers possible in the north and particularly the west.  READ MORE: Prince Harry says Queen in ‘great form’ “Some low cloud and coastal mist for eastern Scotland.” The prediction for the rest of the week is similar: “Dry Thursday with spells of sunshine. “Cloudier on Friday and Saturday with showers in place, but many places dry.  DON'T MISS:British General warns NATO is not prepared for war with Russia [LATEST]Prince Harry prioritises family over military career [INSIGHT]Remoaners bitter as Brexit benefits the Netherlands over UK [BREXIT LATEST] “Some fog and drizzle over hills and some northeastern coasts.” The weather for next week once again looks to be bright and sunny as Britons head into May. The Met Office says: “Mostly dry to start this period but with a few showers in places, possibly heavy in the south. “Temperatures perhaps near normal for many but warm in parts of the south.” 