Anatomy of a Scandal has made its Netflix debut and the TV series is based on the courtroom novel of the same name. The story follows government minister James Whitehouse (played by Rupert Friend) as he comes under fire following allegations of rape. In one of the episodes, he receives a note from a colleague saying Nil Carborundum Illegitimi, but what does it mean? The series is based in the courtroom as viewers hear cases made both for and against James' account of what happened between himself and Olivia Litton (Naomi Scott). His colleague Olivia formed a romantic relationship with James and they had been having an affair for some time. Yet Olivia went on to claim the relationship took a dark turn when James raped her in a lift. James is adamant to prove his innocence, yet the prosecution barrister Kate Woodcroft (Michelle Dockery) is determined to take him down. He is used to receiving backlash as he was slated in the media before the rape allegations. READ MORE: Anatomy of a Scandal cast: Who is in the cast? James was frustrated over the media attention he was receiving following controversial government business. But the rape allegations were much more personal and far more detrimental to his career. He was seen visiting his pigeon hole and pulling out a note that simply read Nil Carborundum Illegitimi. The handwritten note made James smile, and the phrase is a mock-Latin aphorism, often translated as "don't let the b******s grind you down". The phrase itself does not have a direct Latin meaning. Yet it has been used numerous times in various forms, with viewers potentially recognising it from The Handmaid's Tale. 'Nolite te Bastardes Carborundorum' represents the silent revolt by the handmaids. In the context of Anatomy of a Scandal, his colleague was telling James to stand behind his story. The message was meant to reassure the minister he should remain confident. DON'T MISS... Graham Norton opens up on secret to talk show's success [INSIGHT] Emmerdale star explains how sexuality affected acting career [INTERVIEW]All Creatures Great and Small star speaks on Mrs Hall romance [INSIGHT] There are many variants of the phrase, such as illegitimis non carborundum, noli illegitimi carborundum and nil illegitimi carborundum. It was first used during the Second World War and has been attributed to British army intelligence. The Free Dictionary lists the definition as: "A humorous pseudo-Latin expression meant to translate as don't let the bastards grind you down. "Meaning do not succumb to the oppressive influence of others." Over the course of the series, viewers are left to make their minds up as to who is telling the truth. James swears Olivia gave consent for what happened in the workplace elevator. However, she is determined to prove that James is a violent man who would not take 'no' for an answer. In the middle of it all is James' wife Sophie (Sienna Miller), who realises she does not know her husband as well as she thought.  Anatomy of a Scandal is available on Netflix now.