Covid restrictions may have been relaxed, but rising prices have threatened to spoil the British holiday mood. Express.co.uk spoke to Nick Drewe, discount expert at WeThrift for his top money saving tips. Nick told Express.co.uk: “Check a few different airlines for flight deals. When booking a holiday, it may feel like the easier option to book flights, hotels and transfers as a package. “By checking comparison websites like Skyscanner you may find you can secure a better deal on your flights.” Nick also shared a top tip for Britons looking to find the best deal possible on their holiday flights. He said: “Download the Chrome extension ‘CheaperThere’. When booking online through comparison sites, click on the extension, this will find you the best price for the flight or hotel.” READ MORE: The surprising laws British tourists should watch out for in Spain Retired British tourists might have more time than families to spend on holidays without the restrictions of term time. Nick said: “Consider a non-direct flight. Though it might seem a little bit more inconvenient, flying non-direct and stopping through another country can be a great way to save a little bit of money. “Normally this will be for a couple of hours that will then take you on to your connecting country. “The great thing about choosing this option is that flights are normally a lot cheaper and you have the chance to see another country on the way to your destination.” If time is tight, direct flights might be the only option for British tourists. However travellers who can afford to take a little longer could save with a non-direct route. Nick said: “Turn your search mode to private or incognito. Booking sites will often track your browsing habits, to see how many times you check rates for particular dates and may increase the price of holiday packages so you feel the urgency to book.” Tourists could also use one account to search for their holiday and then get a fellow traveller to book the holiday. Nick added: “Though it may seem quite an obvious one, the best way you can save money when booking a holiday is booking far in advance or at the very last minute. “If you are pretty flexible with dates then seeing something last minute might work in your favour. “However, if you are set on dates then the best option is to book it as far in advance as possible to get the best deal.” Holiday booking websites such as lastminute.com have some excellent deals for flexible travellers. Tourists that are flexible on their holiday destination could also pick up some incredible bargains. Nick added: “Use Google Flights for cheap holiday inspiration. Click ‘Explore Destinations’ and it will suggest when and where the most affordable flights are from your chosen destination.” Once Britons are on holiday, they can save money on the most popular attractions with a city pass. Several of Europe’s top holiday destinations offer city passes which include entry to many attractions. Tourists should check they will visit the majority of the attractions before paying for the pass to make sure it will be good value. For more money saving tips, visit WeThrift.