Scott McTominay was furious with his Manchester United team-mates after they lost 3-1 to Arsenal on Saturday, and called for them to show 'some balls'. It was their second heavy defeat to a rival in less than a week, as they continue to crumble. United midfielder McTominay delivered a passionate interview as he demanded that his team-mates 'show some balls'. The Red Devils lost yet another Premier League clash against a rival as they were beaten 3-1 by Arsenal on Saturday, all but ending their top-four hopes. The defeat comes shortly after Liverpool thrashed them 4-0 in midweek. Gary Neville described that performance as the 'worst he'd seen in 40 years' from a United side. It's been a disastrous season for United, but somehow it's become even worse as they continue to slip down the table. And McTominay has called out his team-mates for not 'showing some balls' as they continue to wither in the Premier League.  READ MORE: Alexandre Lacazette wants to leave Arsenal due to 'problems' with Mikel Arteta After United lost 3-1 to Arsenal, McTominay said: "Goals change games of football, and obviously we didn't put the ball in the back of the net enough and they did. We dominated the first 20-25 minutes of the second half, and then they go up the other end of the pitch and score which is about the way it's going at the minute." But defeat is something that United are getting used to, and McTominay opened up about their struggles. The midfielder added: "There's a whole load of problems in terms of players, staff, anything within higher up, we need to just concentrate on what happens on the pitch. For us, when we get back in the dressing room, it's go home, take a look at yourself in the mirror. "You can't go back to your house and be satisfied with conceding three goals at Arsenal whenever we deserve to win."  DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Harry Maguire to be 'benched' by Ralf Rangnick for crunch Arsenal clashJamie Carragher advises two Man Utd targets to 'run a mile' despite Ten Hag appointmentErik ten Hag shown first Man Utd task as Rangnick echoes Mourinho issue four years on But it doesn't look like much is changing at United, and the club's next manager Erik ten Hag has a huge job on his hands. McTominay suggested how to inspire change, as he said: "For us, self-belief, lack of confidence, you can see it all in the last two months. The last four games are about pride for us. "Going out on the pitch and showing a bit of balls in your performances and not shying away from the ball or not doing everything right. It's a bit of balls in your performances man, that's what it comes down to. The fundamentals of football. "It's difficult for me to speak right now because you're so high in emotions after a game and the last two months like that." It's been a miserable season for United and they may still end up missing out on European football altogether. Ralf Rangnick was brought in as interim boss to guide United until the end of the season after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked, but no improvement has been made.  And former United star Rio Ferdinand actually thinks that the German has made "things worse" at the club. He said on BT Sport after United's 3-1 defeat: "Being brutally honest, (Ralf) Rangnick has come in and it has got worse. First of all, credit to Arsenal. "They got the job done, by no means a top performance today but they got what is needed at this point of the season, and that is three points. Manchester United, they had an opportunity to get back in this game, they had chances, obviously the penalty. "They were there for the taking Arsenal. But Manchester United did not smell blood and big moments like those they need to learn to take." And Ferdinand also wrote off any chances of United climbing back into the top four, as he said: "Yeah, that is it for the top four. Manchester United have absolutely no chance, it’s done." 