Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola angrily snapped back in his press conference on a "stupid debate" ahead of his side's Champions League quarter-final tie against Atletico Madrid. The Premier League leaders return to action in Europe on Tuesday night when they take on Diego Simeone's side at the Etihad. Atletico have already triumphed in Manchester this season having beaten Manchester United in the previous round. The La Liga outfit only just made it out of the group stage after scoring just four goals in their opening five matches. A 3-1 win over Porto in their final group match was enough to see them progress and they battled past Ralf Rangnick's side to reach the quarter-finals. Jurgen Klopp has taken aim at Simeone's tactics with Atletico in the past, accusing them of not playing "proper football" after their Champions League defeat back in 2020. The Argentine coach has built up a reputation of building a team hard which is hard to break down and often frustrates opponents in restricting the flow of football. It's not an opinion shared by Guardiola though, who believes there is a "misconception" on Atletico's style of play.  And Guardiola hit out at any suggestion that Simeone's side plays "terrible football" in his pre-match press conference. "I'm not going to talk one second about this stupid debate," Guardiola said. "Everyone tries to win the game. If they win they are right, if we win we are right. "It's for the players, the difference will be there. Honestly, not one second." The two managers have only faced off three times before - once when Guardiola was in charge of Barcelona and the other two coming in the 2016 Champions League semi-finals between Bayern Munich and Atletico.  Guardiola holds the slightly better record having won two of those matches, but all three were close encounters. And the Spaniard will be cautious of a rampant Atletico side aiming to continue their success in Manchester. "Very often we don't play in the same country and CL just once," Guardiola added. "After watching Atletico there is a misconception, wrong conception, about the way he plays. "It's more offensive than people could believe. He doesn't want to take a risk in the build up but they have quality in the final third. When the ball is in our halfway, how competitive they are, depends on the position and movement, they know exactly how to play. "In the moments of the game, these situations they are really good."