The bedroom is an important part of the home but is often overlooked by other rooms like kitchens and bathrooms. However, bedrooms are often a sanctuary, a place to relax and unwind after a long day. Others use their bedrooms as a dressing room and a place to prepare for the day ahead. Now, Rhiannon Johns, interior designer and brand manager at Piglet in Bed has shared how to design a bedroom to suit the most important aspect of the room. The interior designer shared the “key to success” depending on how the room is utilised. Rhiannon told Express.co.uk: “It’s important to decide which aspect of your bedroom is most important to you before you start designing it. “If, for example, your bedroom is purely a place of relaxation with your bed at the core, focusing on creating a luxurious bed that you can’t wait to dive into at the end of the day will be the key to success. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants “Opt for super-soft bedding such as 100 percent linen in calming neutrals. “Not only does linen look super luxurious, but it’s temperature-regulating abilities will see you easing into a wonderful deep sleep.” For those who have a dressing room within their bedroom set-up, it may be useful to mark out zones. Zones can be marked out with rugs or different wall colours.  DON'T MISSUse plants as a ‘natural pesticide’ to get rid of slugs this spring [INSIGHT]Monty Don: ‘Biggest mistake’ houseplant owners make is overwatering [UPDATE]Lawn weeds: Why you should avoid using salt weedkiller on grass [ANALYSIS] Rhiannon added: “If, on the other hand, your bedroom doubles as a dressing room, your focus can instead be on creating zones using rugs, different colour walls or wallpaper to mark the dressing room side of the bedroom. “Combine a vintage dresser with mixed and matched frames for your artwork from your local charity shop to create a transitional aesthetic.” Interior makeovers have spiked in recent years with more people spending time at home in response to the pandemic. Some of the bedroom trends expected to be popular this year include bold stripes, seating areas, statement headboards and neutral colour schemes. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Stripes are not for everyone but they’re popping up everywhere on floors, walls, ceilings and bedding. Stripes can be used in curtains, headboards, cushions, bed throws and carpets. Homeowners can go for bold stripes or keep it neutral. Some bedrooms don’t have the space for seating but if they do, it’s a great way to zone a room and make it multifunctional.  Adding seating creates relaxation and calm space within a room for people to unwind and relax. Upholstered and plushy headboards are just one way homeowners can revamp a bedroom. Now, headboards are becoming statements within a room with bold designs, interesting shapes and heavy prints. With wellness becoming more important than ever, having a neutrally painted room can create a space for meditation and sleep. Natural colour tones with varied textures in bedding, seating and soft furnishings is a great way to achieve this.