Arsenal can further strengthen their push for Champions League qualification by beating Crystal Palace this evening. Mikel Arteta's side have won their last five away Premier League matches but face a Palace side who are unbeaten in their last six in all competitions. Express Sport looks at how the Gunners will line up at Selhurst Park. Aaron Ramsdale missed the 1-0 win at Aston Villa and subsequent international friendlies for England due to a hip injury. Arteta said last Thursday that there was still a doubt over the 23-year-old's fitness as he was yet to train. Bernd Leno played a key role in the win at Villa Park and is likely to start again. The German knows each appearance could be his last for the club with a summer exit looking likely. READ MORE: Arsenal hero Robert Pires picks four players he 'really likes' in Arteta's squad  Takehiro Tomiyasu is "close" to a return, according to Arteta. However, it will be a surprise to see him thrust into the starting XI after almost three months since his last appearance. Cedric Soares has done well at times but will perhaps be hoping Wilfried Zaha does not get over his hamstring complaint to be fit for this one. Ben White and Gabriel are likely to resume as the centre-back pairing, with Kieran Tierney at left-back. DON'T MISSGary Lineker threatens to block Match of the Day Twitter account over Man Utd post [SOCIAL]Jamie Redknapp names five players Man Utd must let go this summer [QUOTES]Newcastle plotting Arnaut Danjuma swap transfer with Miguel Almiron [GOSSIP]  Arteta has settled on a midfield three in recent weeks. Martin Odegaard, Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka have all started the last seven Premier League matches for the Gunners. Partey has slotted into a deeper-lying role in the middle of the park. Arteta has moved from a 4-2-3-1 to a 4-3-3 of late and the team has benefitted hugely from the change. The Spaniard will be hoping to rely on the trio for the remainder of the season.  Gabriel Martinelli missed the trip due to illness but is fit to return for this one. He made his senior debut for Brazil in the international break so is clearly back to full fitness. Emile Smith Rowe would be the player to miss out if Arteta brings Martinelli straight back in. Alexandre Lacazette will start as the central striker and captain, with Bukayo Saka set to play after missing England's matches after testing positive for COVID-19. Arsenal expected line up vs Palace in full: Leno; Cedric, White, Gabriel, Tierney; Odegaard, Partey, Xhaka; Saka, Lacazette, Martinelli. 