Manchester City and Liverpool played out a thrilling 2-2 draw at the Etihad and the Premier League title race looks set to go right down to the wire. Goals from Diogo Jota and Sadio Mane saw the Reds cancel out efforts from City's Kevin De Bruyne and Gabriel Jesus as the two titans couldn't be separated on Sunday. The home side came out of the blocks firing and made the most of their early pressure with a mere five minutes on the clock. Moments after Alisson denied Raheem Sterling from point-blank range, the in-form Kevin De Bruyne broke the deadlock as he strolled past Fabinho in midfield before seeing his effort towards goal glance off Joel Matip, bounce over the sprawling Alisson, clip the inside of the post and put the hosts into an early lead. But that advantage would prove to be short-lived. Diogo Jota then hit a swift reply, slotting home just eight minutes later following fine work from Andy Robertson and Trent Alexander-Arnold. In a frenetic encounter, fraught with nerves, it was City who would grab the next goal and restore their lead through surprise selection Jesus. The Brazilian ghosted in behind Alexander-Arnold on 37 minutes and coolly cushioned Joao Cancelo's cross into the Liverpool net, with the help of the underside of the crossbar. However, it would only take 47 seconds for Liverpool to level proceedings in the second half as Sadio Mane clinically dispatched Mohamed Salah's defence-splitting through-ball to ensure it would be honours even at the Etihad and the title race would go right down to the wire. Express Sport takes a look at five talking points from a potentially title-defining day in the Premier League. Heading into the Etihad encounter, one solitary point separated these two Premier League greats who, with eight games remaining prior to this one, had set up one of the most exciting title battles in years. The match was billed as the Premier League's potential title-decider and it didn't disappoint. Both sides approached the game with attacking intent as they desperately looked to gain the advantage in the race for English football's elusive crown. However, the two sides couldn't be separated over the course of 90 exhilarating minutes at the Etihad, meaning City's advantage remains one point and this epic title-race will go right down to the wire. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag told to get rid of Man Utd 'troublemakers' who 'don't like each other' While only a point separated their two sides heading into Sunday's crucial clash, there was nothing to split Guardiola and Klopp in their personal battle for the managerial bragging rights. In recent seasons, the pair have been revered as two of the greatest managerial masterminds of the modern era and their head-to-head record underlined exactly why it is so difficult to split the two tacticians. Prior to the epic Etihad encounter, the pair had faced each other on 22 occasions with both winning nine apiece and drawing the other four. However, following Sunday's stunning stalemate, the pair still cannot be split as the battle for the managerial bragging rights rolls on. DON'T MISSRaging Cristiano Ronaldo 'slaps phone out of Everton fan's hand' after Man Utd loss [PICS]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel given Real Madrid headache by two stars after Southampton win [OPINION]American billionaire Ken Griffin makes Chelsea transfer promise if takeover gets go-ahead [QUOTES] Guardiola has developed a reputation for tinkering ahead of crucial matches and has previously been accused of overthinking his tactics and selection. And the Spaniard once again found himself in the spotlight after opting to roll the dice on Sunday. The City boss decided to elect Jesus in attack alongside Sterling and Phil Foden, with 22-goal Riyad Mahrez and £100million man Jack Grealish left to settle for a spot on the bench. But Guardiola's gamble paid off. Jesus got the goal his industrious performance deserved, ghosting in behind Liverpool's Alexander-Arnold on 37 minutes before cushioning Joao Cancelo's whipped cross in off the underside of the bar to net his fifth goal against the Reds. The goal was the Brazilian's first in the Premier League since September, but what a time to strike. De Bruyne once again underlined his status as one the Premier League's greatest midfielders as he dominated in the centre of the pitch. The Belgian was instrumental in carving Liverpool open for Sterling's early opportunity and then achieved what the winger couldn't by finding the back of the net, albeit with the help of a deflection. The City playmaker evaded Fabinho for the opener and it wouldn't be the only time the Brazilian was left to chase his shadow. De Bruyne was a constant threat, finding space in midfield and proving too much to handle for those in the heart of Liverpool's side. Ahead of Sunday's showdown, one of the biggest questions from a Liverpool perspective was who Klopp would opted for in attack. While Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane's selections were all-but certainties, it remained to be seen who would fill the third spot in the Reds' three-pronged frontline. Despite Luis Diaz having dazzled since arriving from Porto in January and Roberto Firmino boasting a prolific record against City, the German plumped for Jota in attack - and his decision was soon justified. The Portuguese poacher struck his 21st goal of the season - and only his first against City - to settle Liverpool's nerves after a shaky start and put to bed any doubts over Klopp's decision to deploy him from the off.