With household bills going up, Britons might be looking for energy saving tips and tricks. For those who love to get their washing dry in the tumble dryer instead of on a clothes horse, but are worried about the cost, an expert from Make Money Without a Job has shared how to reduce the amount of time you're using your tumble dryer for. In turn, it could shave some cash off your energy bills. The amount of money it costs to run your tumble dryer will depend on the dryer you have, the size of the load you are drying as well as the amount you pay for your energy. On average, a 9kg vented tumble dryer could cost £1.50 per cycle, a 9kg condenser tumble dryer could cost £1.46 per cycle and a 9kg heat pump dryer could cost 60p per cycle. The experts claimed that to reduce the amount of drying time you need, all Britons have to do is throw in a towel. They said: “This clever little tumble dryer hack is to put a dry towel into your tumble dryer with your wet washing. READ MORE: Avoid keeping milk in door compartment of fridge to save hundreds “The towel will absorb moisture in your washing and help it to dry faster. “This will reduce the amount of time you need to run your dryer and saves you cash! “There is some debate as to whether you need to remove the towel after 15 to 30 minutes. “I have found that my drying time is reduced without needing to remove the towel.” If this hack isn't working for you then try removing the towel after the set time. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to unblock drains using hair removal cream [TIPSHomes Under the Hammer: Couple spend £17k to boost bungalow value [INSIGHT]Weekend gardening jobs: Use the T-shirt hack to ‘protect’ your plants [EXPERT] For those who are after “big saving” they should try to avoid using the tumble dryer as much as possible. The experts explained: “The biggest saving is to be made by not using your tumble dryer at all, perhaps opting for a heated airer instead. “However, if you do need to use your tumble dryer, here are some ideas to save more money.” Britons can utilise the spin function on their washing machine. The money-saving gurus said: “After running a wash, set your machine on a ‘spin’ load, which will dry out the clothes more effectively. “I do this by default now, regardless of whether I'm using the tumble dryer or not, unless it is the height of summer.” Energy saving dryer balls can also help to reduce the amount of time your dryer needs to run to dry a load of washing. They help to lift and separate the laundry as it dries, allowing the hot air to flow more efficiently and reduce the drying time. The heating can also be used to dry clothes, according to the experts. They said: “If you have radiators then you can put clothes onto them to dry, or place a clothes horse in front of them. “Make sure you rotate them and take them off as soon as they're dry, so that your heating isn't being used to warm already dry clothing.” Spacing out your washing loads can also help to reduce how much time is being spent using the tumble dryer. The cleaning enthusiasts said: “Doing three to four loads at the weekend means you will need to resort to using your tumble dryer more, but doing a load every couple of days means you're able to rotate the washing on your radiators.”