While Mr Macron has played a key role in diplomatic efforts to find a peaceful resolution to war in Ukraine, the French President has been strong in his condemnation of Russia. Last week, the leader called for more sanctions targeting Russian energy following allegations that Putin’s forces committed war crimes against civilians in Ukraine. Recent reports claimed that the Russian army massacred and raped Ukranian civilians in villages and towns near Kyiv while the discovery of mass graves and civilian corpses on the streets of Bucha provided further proof of war crimes. Mr Macron said: “What just happened in Bucha requires a new set of sanctions and very clear measures. “I’m in favour of having a sanctions package, especially on coal and oil, which we know are particularly painful. I want us to be able to act.” Speaking to France Inter, the leader added that there were “very clear indications of war crimes” in Bucha and those responsible “will have to answer for them”. Russia invaded Ukraine in February, just a month after Mr Macron assumed the rotating six-month leadership of the European Council. Read More: Over 300 dogs found starved to death in Ukrainian shelter  Since then, the French President has painted himself as the West’s Putin-whisperer, an irreplaceable figure that could reason with the Kremlin. However, the relationship between the pair has soured, with Mr Macron having expressed deep condemnation for Putin’s actions, according to University of Warwick academic Dr Lees. Dr Lees, who is an expert on French politics, told Express.co.uk: “I do think there’s a bit of mutual respect there and I think that’s largely based on the long-term relationship between France and Russia. “But I think it reinforces the fact that actually now the relationship is a lot more hostile clearly and Macron has not in any way been pulling his punches when it comes to condemning Putin’s actions.  “That’s what the relationship is and where he sees Putin, but it would be interesting to see what develops in the next few weeks particularly whether Macron reestablishes that sense of being the negotiator figure. “I think either way there’s an opportunity for Macron to appear as an international statesman and a man of diplomacy, and someone who can get the job done.” Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan has emerged as a middle man between Putin and the West, and was central to “positive and constructive” peace talks between Ukraine and Russia last week. However, according to Dr Lees, Mr Erdoğan’s negotiator role was one Mr Macron had hoped to occupy when war broke out on February 24. Don't Miss:Putin attempting to avoid death by using oppression[OPINION]Putin’s ex-wife's bizarre divorce statement under microscope[INSIGHT]Le Pen supported Russia’s Crimea annexation — unearthed 2017 reports[ANALYSIS]  Dr Lees said: “I think he previously had quite a positive relationship with Putin, at least in the sense of being a respected world leader and somebody who tried to have a rapprochement, or conversation with Putin. “At one point, just before Russia invaded Ukraine, there was a sense that there would be a hotline between the Élysée Palace and the Kremlin. That hasn’t really materialised. “I think Macron had hoped he would be playing the figure that is now occupied by Erdoğan in Turkey, as the interlocutor to be able to negotiate between parties.” Dr Lees likened the deterioration between Mr Macron and Putin’s relationship with that of the French President and former US leader Donald Trump. Mr Trump once said that he and Mr Macron had a “great relationship”. During their first meeting in Brussels before a NATO summit, they were seen shaking hands for a peculiarly long time. However, tension between the pair soon emerged after Mr Macron said in 2019 that NATO was experiencing “brain death” and that the US withdrew troops from Syria without consulting the rest of the alliance. Dr Lees said: “Now I think [Mr Macron] sees Putin in the same way as he saw Trump. “When Donald Trump was first elected before Macron was in office there was a sense that Macron was trying to look at what Trump was doing economically, and then thinking about his own campaign. “I think he saw Trump as a potential ally in many ways. Then when Macron was actually elected they had an initial very positive relationship, but that deteriorated very fast. “I think in many ways Macron sees Putin as he did Trump so this is not necessarily a positive relationship anymore.”