The York sisters, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, are known to be incredibly close, and both became first-time mums last year just a few months apart. Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank welcomed their son August Philip Hawke Brooksbank in February 2021, while Princess Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi welcomed their daughter Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi in September 2021. And while the UK enjoyed a four-day bank holiday over the weekend, it seems both princesses had fun-filled Easter breaks with their little ones. Princess Eugenie spent a very wholesome Easter with her baby son August, and she shared some snaps of her family on a sweet nature walk on Easter Monday. In one picture that Eugenie shared on her Instagram account, baby August could be seen dressed in a blue jumper as he wandered among a patch of daffodils. He appeared to be clapping his little hands in the photo, and Eugenie captioned the snap "Happy Easter". Eugenie also shared a picture of what appeared to be August taking his first steps towards his encouraging mummy under the watchful eye of his father Jack, who stood ready to catch him if he fell. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: ‘Cannot compete!’ Stunning Meghan picture reveals  The day before, Eugenie had attended the Royal Family's traditional Easter Sunday service at St George's Chapel, Windsor. Eugenie attended alongside her cousins Zara Tindall and Peter Phillips and some of their respective children, Mia Tindall and Savannah and Isla Phillips. Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex also attended with their children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. The royals were led at the service by Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, who were joined by their children Prince George and Princess Charlotte.  Prince Louis, who turns four this year, was not present for the service, and it is thought he was looked after by his nanny Maria Borrallo at Windsor Castle. The Queen did not attend the Easter Sunday chapel service this year, and at the Royal Maundy Service last Thursday, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall deputised on her behalf. But the Queen is thought to have been joined by members of the Royal Family to mark Easter Sunday privately - including her granddaughter Princess Beatrice. The Queen was reportedly joined on Easter Sunday by Beatrice, Edoardo, Sienna and Edoardo's son from a previous relationship, Wolfie. DON'T MISS:Meghan showcased her 'close connection' to Royal Family with outfits [PICTURES]The Queen's special Easter with Princess Beatrice and baby Sienna [ANALYSIS]Princess Beatrice & Sienna seen heading to St James's Palace - inside [INSIGHT]  William, Kate, George, Charlotte and little Prince Louis were thought to have stayed at Windsor Castle after attending the Easter Sunday service to spend some time with the Queen too. Members of the Royal Family may have visited the Queen over the weekend to mark her upcoming 96th birthday on Thursday. The Queen usually marks her birthday privately with her family, and her official birthday is marked by Trooping the Colour in June. On June 2, we may expect to see Beatrice and Eugenie again on the Buckingham Palace balcony with other extended members of the Royal Family. 