As well as Piers Morgan, Sharon Osbourne made her return to TV on Monday night as she was joined by Jeremy Kyle on the channel TalkTV. During her hour segment, named The Talk, Sharon and Jeremy touched on the most talked about topics within the news and gave their opinions. First up on their list was the Royal Family, and Sharon took aim at Prince Andrew following his out of court settlement with Virginia Giuffre, and Meghan and Harry for leaving their royal working duties. Kicking off the subject, Jeremy asked: "What would you tell Her Majesty, how does she get them back on the straight and narrow?" Sharon began: "I don't know whether she can right now, I mean, it has gone so far." Referring to Andrew and the allegations which have been brought against him, she said: "I think that Andrew is an utter disgrace to the Royal Family. "I think that he should be locked up in the tower, and they should throw the key away." READ MORE: Jane McDonald forced to explain awkward wardrobe mishap Turning to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Sharon went on: "And as far as Harry and Meghan go, they wanted to leave, which is their choice which is absolutely fine. "And when they left, or they did, they speak about the Royal Family and how Harry felt sorry for his dad and brother and all the other stuff that was totally inappropriate to tell the public," she slammed. "And now he wants back in, and it's like are you in or are out? And you can't have it both ways, and now I feel that he wants to come and be back here for the Platinum Jubilee because he wants that picture taken on the balcony. "Because that picture, for him to be a part of the Jubilee is huge press for him and his wife, and I must say they run a business, they have got millions from Spotify, from Netflix, whatever else it's called. "Everything, wherever they go, the thing is they constantly have to stay in the public eye, so everything they do revolves around the Royal Family. "You know what that's a great move on from them," she quipped. Speaking about the clips they had seen from Piers Morgan's interview with Donald Trump and his views on the Royal Family, Jeremy added: "I never thought I would agree with an entire segment of Donald Trump. "I absolutely agree they should lose their titles, and like you, Mrs O, if you are going to leave something, leave that's fine, absolutely fine. "I had somebody the other day on the radio say to me, 'You know what, I'm not in any way a royalist, but I love the Queen'. DON'T MISS...Sharon Osborne blasts The Talk boss for ‘destroying’ career [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan claims Meghan Markle 'woke Prince Harry into submission' [LATEST]Meghan’s dad set for 'shock' announcement TONIGHT [WATCH] "And for me, this is about when the Queen is gone, I think the monarchy is in trouble, I think that she transcends all the arguments, I think she is this incredible woman. "I think the public will be less enthusiastic about the Royal Family in its entirety, my old man worked for the Queen mother for nearly 40 years. "He always used to say that actually we didn't really know, and for me, more than anything, the disrespect that Harry and Meghan and Andrew have shown this lady after all she has done is appalling." Before their trip to The Hague for the Invictus Games, Harry and Meghan made a stop off at Windsor to play Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles a visit. Harry has previously stated his worry about coming to the UK with his family without full armed security, but the Sussexes could be set to return to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. A palace source told the Sunday Telegraph that "the ball was in his court", adding: 'His grandmother and father are keen to welcome the Sussexes to 'family' events". It would mean they would be welcomed onto the Buckingham Palace balcony with the rest of the royals to watch an RAF flypast and the Trooping the Colour on June 2, the Queen's official birthday. But they would be unable to attend working elements of the Jubilee, having quit as frontline royals when they emigrated to Canada and then Los Angeles two years ago. Prince Andrew has vehemently denied any of the sexual assault allegations made against him. The Talk airs weekdays from 9pm on TalkTV.