Prince Louis, three, is turning four in just a few short hours. Kate Middleton, 40, who gave birth to Prince Louis in April 2018 released four new images to mark the special milestone of the young Prince. Prince Louis looks so cute in a grey jumper that is decorated with four colourful stars.  They range from red, to blue, to yellow and finally navy. Underneath the jumper, Louis can be seen wearing a blue and white checked shirt unbuttoned at the top. The Prince paired the jumper with a pair of turquoise shorts that reached just above his knees. The photos were captured at the seaside in Norfolk earlier this month.  READ MORE: Kate Middleton will be embracing family tradition for Louis' birthday The sandy dunes were the perfect setting for the portraits, with a clear blue sky in the background and beautiful blue waters. The Duchess of Cambridge is conscious of sustainable fashion, often repeating outfits and wearing clothes from ethical companies. Her eco dress sense is clearly rubbing off on young Louis, who often wears second-hand clothes from other members of the Royal Family. He also often shares clothes with his older brother George as he grows out of them.  For instance, in his first birthday portraits, Prince Louis melted royal-watchers' hearts in an adorable buttoned jumper. However, it was in fact revealed to be a purchase from before even Prince George was born. Childrenswear brand Elfie London confirmed on Instagram: "We were so pleased to spot Prince Louis in our Frog Jumper for his first birthday. “This jumper was from one of our first collections over seven years ago!!  “And as we always intend our designs to be cherished and handed down, we were thrilled that this has been the case here. “Happy Birthday Prince Louis!!" From embroidered jumpers to dungarees and co-ordinating shirts and shorts, little Louis is something of a fashion influencer just like his mum. Royal fans often rush to purchase the same children's clothing as Kate.  Little Louis' third birthday photo gave an adorable nod to his father Prince William's style. He was sporting his dad's signature shirt and navy jumper look for his big day at nursery. The young Prince looked ready to start his first years of education. The stylish Prince also donned a pair of neon green and navy Adidas trainers. The perfect shoes for young and energetic tots, the Duramo SL shoes feature soft cushioning with supportive overlays. 