Chicken pox is a very contagious infection that causes an itchy, spotty rash. The infection mostly affects children, but you can get it at any age. According to Doctor Sara, chicken pox is "most prominent" from March to May. Speaking on ITV's This Morning, the doc  explained that there are many reasons for this such as the "structure" of rhe virus and its interaction with temperature. She sought to reassure the public: "It's quite a mild condition in most children." Doctor Sara added that the contagious infection can be "severe" but this is very rare. It tends to be more "severe" in people who are immunocompromised (having a weakened immune system) but most people only experience a mild reaction, the doc said. READ MORE: Covid: NHS updates list of coronavirus symptoms to include nine new signs Most people readily associate chicken pox with a rash but this is not the first symptom to look for, explained Doctor Sara. Ten to 21 days after the initial infection has seeded, you may experience a fever, headache and grogginess, she said. "Then after that you can get the rash." There are three distinct stages to the rash, Doctor Sara went on to say. First stage involves small spots that are pink or reddish, brown or black. DON'T MISSOlivia Newton-John health: Actress on stage 4 breast cancer [INSIGHT]Cancer symptoms: 'Unexplained pain' is the first symptom [ADVICE]Gene Hackman health: Actor retired due to stress - the 'serious' effects [TIPS] According to Doctor Sara, in the second stage rashes to get most itchy and forms blisters with fluid. Stage three marks the recovery, whereby scabs become crusted over and the infection is no longer contagious. Chicken pox spreads through direct contact with an infected person so you can takes steps to reduce transmission. According to Doctor Sara, you can catch chicken pox via direct touch with someone's rash or if you touch someone's blister or inhale their respiratory droplets. You can get the chickenpox vaccine on the NHS if there's a risk of harming someone with a weakened immune system if you spread the virus to them. For example, a child can be vaccinated if one of their parents is having chemotherapy. You can also pay for the vaccine at some private clinics or travel clinics. It costs between £120 and £200. You can alleviate symptoms by taking paracetamol, said Doctor Sara. The doc advised consulting your GP before taking ibuprofen because it can "exacerbate" skin conditions, she warned. She also recommended taking a cool bath and applying oatmeal. Other tips include: According to the NHS, you should avoid scratching the spots, as scratching can cause scarring.