This week, Prince Harry is in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. Over the weekend, he was joined by his wife Meghan Markle, marking her first European trip since their exit from the Firm two years ago. During royal visits, members of the Royal Family typically stay at one of the European houses, but on this trip, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stayed in a hotel after a reported “snub” from the Dutch royals. That being said, Princess Margriet did attend the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games on Saturday, while the reigning monarch, King Willem-Alexander, is expected to attend the closing ceremony on Friday. King Willem-Alexander came into power following the abdication of his mother, then-Queen Beatrix in 2013. Now-Princess Beatrix has been described as the “grandmother” of the Netherlands and gave up the throne as a much-loved monarch. Beatrix also reportedly had a warm relationship with Britain’s reigning monarch — Queen Elizabeth II. According to royal journalist, Tina Adebayo, the pair were close friends and confidants, who share a knowledge of what it is really like to be “at the top”. Ms Adebayo told the 2021 Channel 5 documentary, ‘Beatrix: The Queen Who Gave Up The Crown’: “They’re said to be close friends and confidants and that’s quite interesting because it’s not very many people that understand what it’s like to be the queen of a country. “They’re united by being quite lonely at the top.” Professor Bas De Gaay Fortman, former Dutch politician and a friend of Beatrix's, said the two Queens had “a kind of natural affinity in a way.” He continued: “They feel absolutely convinced of the honour of the office that they represent. I think they get on very well.” While both Beatrix and the Queen have been dedicated to their roles within their respective monarchies, there is one key difference between their views: while Her Majesty is unlikely to retire or abdicate from the throne, Beatrix did so quietly after a 33-year reign. Unlike in Britain, abdication is often seen as a “positive act” in the Netherlands. Professor Anne Whitelock explained during the documentary that Beatrix’s abdication was not “a sign of Beatrix being unpopular, neither the monarchy being out of touch, but it was just a sense that the moment was right to pass it on to her son and to the next generation.” Beatrix was not the first monarch to step down to make way for a new generation of royals, in fact, her mother, Queen Juliana had abdicated in 1980 to make way for Beatrix, as did her grandmother, Queen Wilhelmina in 1948. Ms Adebayo explained that the Dutch royal family had a “refreshing” view of the monarchy. She said: “They don’t see it as just heritage, they don’t see it as something for life, it’s seen as a career. “They want someone who can breathe new life into the country.” Despite Queen Elizabeth’s ongoing health concerns and mobility issues, many royal commentators believe that the monarch will never step down. Dr Ed Owens, royal expert and historian, told Express.co.uk earlier this year: “It is very unlikely that the Queen will ever step down. “Abdication, due to the events of 1936, is considered a ‘bad word’ in the British Royal Family.” Her Majesty’s estranged uncle, King Edward VIII, is famed for having one of the shortest reigns in British history — just 326 days. He abdicated on December 11, 1936, to marry Wallis Simpson, an American divorcee, who was not an acceptable wife in the eyes of the Government and the Church of England at the time. In light of this, Edward’s younger brother — the Duke of York and our current Queen’s father — became King, taking the title of King George VI. Dr Owens said the scandal that surrounded Edward VIII’s abdication means any future abdication is almost certainly off the cards. He said: “I think it is highly unlikely unless a future monarch of Britain is physically unable to perform the role, hence abdication may be considered as an option.”  Despite their differing views on abdication, Beatrix and Elizabeth maintained a close friendship, with Beatrix even gifting Her Majesty with a carriage horse during a state visit in 1982. There was not another state visit between the two royal families until 2018, when King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima were welcomed at Buckingham Palace by Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip. ‘Beatrix: The Queen Who Gave Up The Crown’ is now available to watch on My5.