Tensions are at fever pitch ahead of one of the biggest boxing bouts of the year, with heavyweight stars Tyson Fury and Dillian Whyte set to collide at Wembley. The London showdown is sure to be attended by a long list of celebrities and figures from the fight business, but David Haye has been told he's not welcome among them. At least not if John Fury has anything to say about it, having reiterated his stance that the 'Hayemaker' is not to be in attendance. The father of the WBC heavyweight champion has been hostile towards Haye in the past, going so far as to offer to fight the former cruiserweight star himself. Haye was supposed to fight Fury Jr. in 2013 and 2014, only for both bouts to be scrapped after the former suffered cuts and a shoulder injury in the build-up. Those stumbles set the tone for a tense dynamic between the pair, which hasn't eased after former WBA heavyweight champion Haye hung up his gloves. "He's not allowed to be there [at the fight]," said Fury Snr. ahead of Saturday's Wembley face-off, per TalkSport's Michael Benson. "If he is, they'll regret it. I'm gonna tell you now David, you've shot your mouth off once too far mate. If you're there, have your tin hat on pal, because you're gonna need it." READ MORE British boxer Fes Batista on racial abuse, Roy Jones Jr, Lady Gaga, Mayweather and more  The elder Fury has also said he told promoter Frank Warren that Haye is "not allowed" to be part of BT's commentary team for the fight. "He's a hater. I don't want him near my family. That's the bottom line," the 57-year-old recently told talkSPORT. He'll be disappointed to learn Haye is set to commentate on the match, however. Speaking to talkSPORT on Friday, the 41-year-old said "they've brought me in especially for this fight. They said 'don't worry about John Fury, we really want you on here.'" DON'T MISS Tyson Fury and Dillian Whyte 'prevented big ruckus' between John Fury and Dean Whyte Oleksandr Usyk to 'study' Tyson Fury's fight vs Dillian Whyte in big hint at future bout Eddie Hearn tells Dillian Whyte how he can beat Tyson Fury at Wembley   It will surprise few to learn Haye has backed Whyte to secure one of British boxing's biggest upsets by beating Fury on Saturday. 'The Body Snatcher' is a steep underdog to hand 'The Gypsy King' his first defeat in 33 fights, with Deontay Wilder having come closest to that feat when the pair drew back in December 2018. John Fury—who was a pro boxer himself and amassed an 8-4-1 record over eight years—has given Whyte a "one per cent chance" of finishing the job, however. A win on Saturday could prove key to the Gypsy King eventually setting up a long-awaited date opposite Anthony Joshua, though he'd be wise not to underestimate the immediate challenge in front of him.