Earlier in the week, Lewis Hamilton was the subject of a mischievous April Fools joke saying he was going to leave Mercedes for Red Bull. Obviously, that won’t be happening. But it was previously revealed by Christian Horner that the 37-year-old could easily have ended up racing for his team in the past. April Fools is a day where some unusual, imaginative and funny stories get thrown around. And Carbuzz decided to get involved, publishing a report saying that Hamilton had agreed to leave Mercedes for Red Bull. They even used some funny ‘quotes’ from the 37-year-old which read: "That's what convinced me to move from a manufacturer to an energy drink. "As the second driver, there's a 100 per cent guarantee that I'll always be behind Verstappen. “And even if I pass him while he's boxing, the pit crew will give me enough warning when he's coming up behind me." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here While it was a joke, however, Hamilton could actually have ended up racing for Red Bull. Speaking to the Daily Mail last month, Horner revealed he’d talked with the Mercedes star about joining his side. However, due to the presence of Sebastian Vettel, the team missed out with the Brit later going on to join Mercedes. And Horner also revealed Hamilton had proved him wrong, initially underestimating the threat the Brit would pose at Mercedes at the time. "Lewis and I have had a couple of conversations over the years," he admitted. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "From 2010 to 2013, he was very keen to come and drive for Red Bull, [but] we had Sebastian [Vettel] at that time and to have had two alpha drivers wouldn't have made sense. "Niki Lauda was at Mercedes and was very keen to take Lewis and I remember encouraging him to take him. "We were fighting McLaren and in 2012, they had the fastest car and we felt that Lewis in a McLaren would be more of a threat than in a Mercedes. "I encouraged Niki to spend the money as Lewis was wavering a little bit. It would be fair to say that backfired on me." Bernie Ecclestone has also previously claimed Hamilton had come close to joining Red Bull. And the F1 legend also expressed a belief that Vettel ‘wouldn’t have cared’ if the 37-year-old had become his team-mate. "Sebastian [Vettel] wouldn't have cared if Lewis had signed for the team," Ecclestone said. "Dietrich [Mateschitz] is a very honest, straightforward guy and told Mark the door was open for him to stay. That was good of him. "Had Mark gone, Dietrich would have signed Lewis." Hamilton to Red Bull is certainly one of those ‘what if’ sort of talking points. But it’s something that looks unlikely to ever happen, for a couple of reasons. One is that he’s contracted with Mercedes until 2023 and there’s no chance the Silver Arrows would let him depart ahead of schedule for their fierce rivals. Red Bull also don’t need Hamilton while the dynamics between Verstappen and Sergio Perez work so well. And the way Mercedes and Red Bull’s rivalry has intensified also makes a possible transfer a no-go.