The Telegraph's Defence Editor Con Coughlin joined the Canadian-born GB News host Mark Steyn on the network yesterday as the pair discussed both the Falklands War and events in Ukraine. During their discussion, Mr Coughlin even suggested the "fiasco" in Afghanistan had come at a time when Russian President Vladimir Putin was ramping up efforts to prepare for an invasion of Ukraine. Mr Coughlin said: "It is no surprise the military build-up to invade Ukraine began after the Afghan fiasco. "That's the time frame. And Putin did think he would get away with it just like [Leopoldo] Galtieri." Galtieri ordered Argentine troops to invade the Falkland Islands just four months after being appointed as the South American nation's leader by the military junta. A total of 649 Argentinian troops and 255 British servicemen were killed in the 74-day war in 1982. JUST IN: GB News: Expert warns ruble recovery proves ‘sanctions aren’t working’ amid ‘butchery’ Another three civilians on the South Atlantic island died during the invasion from Buenos Aires. Western leaders were more recently called to act when the Taliban launched an insurrection against Ashraf Ghani's administration in Kabul. The Afghan capital eventually fell to the Islamic group and the West came under fire for the way in which the crisis had been handled. The United Nations claims at least half a million Afghans have lost their jobs since the Taliban took control of the Middle Eastern nation. READ MORE: Putin must face 'war crime trial' after heartbreaking images of Bucha genocide, Biden says Patricia Gossman, an Associate Asia Director for Human Rights Watch, said: "As we feared, the situation is worsening in most respects – a reflection of the Taliban’s determination to crush dissent and criticism. "Revenge killings, crushing women’s rights, strangling the media – the Taliban seem determined to tighten their grip on society, even as the situation grows increasingly unstable in the coming months." However, the Telegraph's Defence Editor also suggested other points of inaction had helped encourage the Kremlin to push ahead with more combative plans. Earlier on in their exchange, Mr Coughlin told Mr Steyn: "If you go back to the Syria vote in 2013, when President [Barack] Obama, as you well remember, had said the use of chemical weapons in Syria was a redline if the Assad regime passed that redline there would be action. DON'T MISS:  French urged to turn off dishwashers as energy crisis deepens {REVEAL]100,000 MORE techies 'to leave' Russia in IT industry exodus [INSIGHT] Orban triumphs in Hungarian election after celebrating 'huge victory' [SPOTLIGHT] "There was no action and two years later Putin moved into Syria and has basically turned it into his fiefdom." Mr Coughlin then pointed out how Syria was one of just a handful of countries to have backed Moscow's invasion of Ukraine at the United Nations Security Council.