Twitter users were in uproar on Thursday (April 28) after a recipe was posted on the BBC food website. The Hawaiian spaghetti dish sparked outrage by pairing ham and pineapple with pasta in a controversial recipe. The unusual combination prompted outrage online as users went as far as claiming the recipe 'defiled' Italian cuisine. Journalist Chaminda Jayanetti tweeted: “BREAKING: The BBC declares war on Italy.” Another added: “Italy will not like it, but it’s not a declaration of war. No, that is reserved for using the wrong cheese or pork product in a dish and calling it carbonara.” The dish contains ham and pineapple, which has previously caused furious debates when used as toppings for pizza. The use of the ingredients in yet another Italian staple dish sparked fierce discussion over whether it is acceptable to use in traditional pasta recipes.  Another Twitter user added: “Alexa, show me a new and exciting way to upset all Italians in my vicinity.” One said: “I urge my fellow Italians to exercise restraint in the face of this blatant provocation.” The recipe has not garnered widespread support among budding chefs, gaining a measly one-and-a-half stars on the BBC Food website. The recipe on the website describes it as: “A family-friendly pasta recipe that makes the most of tinned foods. “If your kids love Hawaiian pizza then this ham and pineapple pasta is a great twist to try for a quick mid-week dinner.” READ MORE: Aldi is selling the perfect summer BBQ pizza oven for under £40  One step of the recipe, in particular, sparked horror, as it instructs the cook to add pineapple juice to the sauce. It reads: “Drain the pineapple, reserving the juice. Add the cream cheese and pineapple chunks to the onion and garlic, along with half the juice. “Cook together for 2–3 minutes, or until the cheese melts and the pineapple pieces are hot. Add the remaining juice and heat through gently.” One Twitter user responded: “I told you that pineapple on pizza was a slippery slope. But did you listen? No. And look where it got us.” With many Italian recipes being passed down through the generations over hundreds of years, veering from tradition is often frowned upon. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: 'Outgunned, outmanned' Putin sent NATO threat [LIVE]Meghan Markle 'rules Harry' in royal relationship, theory claims [INSIGHT]Kyiv rocked by two huge explosions as smoke billows over city in fresh [BREAKING]  Another Twitter user declared: “Luckily Italy has plenty of mammas and nonnas and uncles notebooks with true Italian recipes to be found in the distant future. “Our culinary honor is safe, next generations of archaeologists will know the truth.” Ham and pineapple pizza - dubbed Hawaiian pizza - was reportedly first invented far away from Italy, in a restaurant in Canada in 1962. The dish is thought to have originated from a recipe created by a Greek-born restauranteur who was inspired by the combination of sweet and savoury flavours from his experience cooking Chinese dishes. Sam Panopoulos decided to try out the dish to attract customers to his restaurant in Ontario. Although the combination was not an immediate success, it has gained worldwide popularity in the decades since. 