From April 22 million households will see their energy bills rise by 54 percent, paying an average of £1,971 per year on gas and electricity, adding to the spiralling cost-of-living crisis. With the unveiling that millions of people will now feel the impact of an unprecedented £700-a-year rise in energy costs, there are also a host of bill hikes that are set to take effect. Mark Sait, CEO and Founder of sustainability and money-saving consultancy SaveMoneyCutCarbon shared that one of the top reasons why Britons are wasting hundreds on their bills is not insulating their property properly. Mark explained that a commonly overlooked element of heating a home is the home itself,  with a long list of things homeowners can do to their house to ensure it is being heated efficiently, from using cavity insulation all the way down to tin foil. He shared that tinfoil is a “very cost-effective” way to reduce energy usage in any home. The energy expert said: “A very cost-effective way to reduce energy usage is to place tin foil behind radiators, which will help reflect the heat inwards. “This is easily done by using double-sided tape to place the foil behind the radiator, ensuring that the reflective side is facing inwards. “If you wanted to spend a little extra, you could purchase radiator foil which does the same job but more efficiently.” READ MORE: Is it cheaper to use an electric heater or your gas radiators? Preventing droughts is also another “cost-effective” solution to saving on energy bills. Mark said: “Radiators are most effective when they’re put in a space they’re capable of heating. “If you increase the size of the space, for example leaving the lounge door wide open, then you risk that heat escaping. “Simply pushing doors in rooms throughout your house will have a significant effect on allowing that heat to stay in each room. “However, pushing a door-to won’t completely fix the issue if you have a draught coming in from outside the home. “The most common culprits are doors and windows. “A cost-effective solution is draught excluder tape which can be placed along the seals of doors and windows to help prevent the breeze getting in.” DON'T MISS: Patio cleaning: How to use tomato ketchup to clean patios - ‘amazing!’ [TIPS]How to remove an oven door: Viral video shows how to take out glass [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans use white vinegar to clean shower doors [COMMENT] Cavity wall insulation is also important for homes to have as it causes heat loss. Mark said: “About a third of a home’s heat is lost through its walls, and cavity wall insulation is designed to prevent that. “If your home was built after the 1920s then it is likely that you have cavity walls.” A cavity wall is made up of two walls with a gap in-between known as the cavity. The outer layer is usually brick with the inner layer being either brick or concrete blocks. He added: “Homes built within the last 20 years most likely have insulation already, but you can ask a registered installer for a borescope inspection, where they’ll drill a hole into the wall to see if it’s hollow or filled.” The placement of a thermostat isn’t a top priority for most people – but this has a direct impact on your utility bills. Why? Because thermostats measure the room through sensors that read the temperature around them, and adjust the air conditioning accordingly. Mark explained that if you install them in a very cold or hot room, the reading may not reflect the true temperature of your home. He said: “For instance, a thermostat installed near the kitchen will sense the warm air coming from the room, and may lower your home’s overall temperature. “The best possible location for a thermostat would be a wall, in a frequently used room. “It’s a good idea to place the thermostat four to five feet high, and ensure that the sensor remains unobstructed by doors, bookshelves, or any other items that can hinder its ability to sense the temperature accurately.” Homeowners can also be washing energy by heating rooms that are not in regular use. Mark said: “Energy can be wasted if your heating rooms that you aren’t using, for example a spare room. “Turning radiators off in those rooms will help reduce your energy spend but be sure to keep the door shut to prevent the cold air in the room making its way through the home. “There is one downside to doing this though, and that is when you want to use the room it’s cold.”