Cristiano Ronaldo was unhappy after Manchester United fell behind against Arsenal after just three minutes on Saturday. Nuno Tavares opened the scoring at the Emirates Stadium, with the defender tapping in from close range. But the Portugal international chose to motivate his team-mates in the aftermath - something he's not always done this season. Manchester United have had a horrendous season. And things went from bad to worse for the Red Devils on Saturday, with Tavares opening the scoring by converting from close range after David De Gea had parried Bukayo Saka's shot. At times this season, when United have fallen behind, Ronaldo has berated his team-mates and looked to the heavens in frustration. But the Portugal international didn't do that this time around, instead urging fellow United players to compose themselves and try and get level. His efforts didn't have an immediate impact as Arsenal doubled their advantage through a Bukayo Saka penalty. Ronaldo, however, then took matters into his own hands and halved the deficit with a controlled finish after meeting Nemanja Matic's cross. Ronaldo was unleashed from the start for United today for the first time since the heartbreaking death of his baby son, who passed away earlier in the week. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United have won just one of their last seven matches against Arsenal in recent times. That was at Old Trafford back in December, with a Ronaldo brace propelling them to all three points. United last beat Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium in January 2019, shortly after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer took charge. Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring and Jesse Lingard was also on target in a 3-1 victory away from home. But United now have plenty of work to do if they’re to stop Arsenal from claiming victory this afternoon, especially after their early goal. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Even Ronaldo being on the pitch, given what he’s gone through, is a testament to his character. Rangnick had confirmed returning players on Friday when he faced the media, saying: “Scott McTominay will be back and fit to play. “He’ll be available for the game tomorrow, the same with Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo is available again – he’s been training with us now. “All the others are still injured plus Paul Pogba.” And Rangnick urged United to improve after their 4-0 defeat to Liverpool on Tuesday night, a game Ronaldo missed. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I don’t think that it makes sense to speculate about how likely it still is for us to finish fourth or wherever, it doesn’t make sense, after a performance like that at Liverpool,” he said. “We just need to make sure we play far better. “This is the only way to deal with it. We need to get the best possible team on the pitch and play in a different way, with more conviction, more confidence and more aggressive behaviour on the pitch. “We will have to show a completely different performance.” United are sixth in the table at the current moment in time, meaning they’re set to be playing in the Europa League next term as things stand.