In what Putin thought would be a rapid and welcoming invasion of Russia’s southern neighbour, the war has now entered its 44th day. Furthermore, in a rare act of public diplomacy, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov admitted Russia had suffered “significant losses of troops” and was a “huge tragedy for us”.  With Putin clearly on the back ropes in Ukraine, in the international arena, and even it seems at home, the opposition is growing strong as he begins to be encircled by those wishing to topple his reign. Leonid Volkov, a close ally to imprisoned Alexei Navalny said: “Putin has clearly shortened his term.” Furthermore, speaking of the long term plan Putin had to stay in office, Mr Volkov said: “Putin has dramatically reduced the likelihood of a scenario in which he simply stays in the Kremlin until he dies.” He added it was obvious that Putin had "miscalculated" when it comes to the Ukraine war and that the invasion of the neighbouring country was doomed to fail.  The exiled opposition activist also mentioned the rising levels of discontent within Putin’s own circles. He said: “It was true Putin had so far been reasonably successful in selling his propaganda narrative on the Ukraine war through Russian state media. “But Russian elites were already very unhappy about the economic devastation, the casualties, the restrictions and sanctions. “They will think about regime change, about changing the system".  READ MORE:Ukraine prosecutor confesses to passing state secrets to Russia Suggesting a way in which Putin could be toppled from within, Mr Volkov suggested the international community get in touch with his inner circle, propose security options for them, and assist them should they decide to “change sides.” Speaking of the imprisoned opposition activist Alexei Navalny, Mr Volkov said: “Navalny is Putin's personal political prisoner. "It's up to Putin alone to decide whether to keep him in prison or set him free."  DON'T MISS:Murderer absconds from Bristol jail - Do not approach [REPORT]Irish PM savaged after claiming Brexiteers are 'undermining' EU deal [COMMENT]Scots voters brand SNP a 'disgrace' and shun Sturgeon [OPINION] Adding to the pressure on Putin is Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky. Using his regular video conference messages with the rest of the world, the Ukrainian President has mustered up strong support in condemning the atrocities seen in the towns of Bucha and Mariupol. Mr Zelensky is also appealing to those in Russia to do the same. He said: "If you are even a little bit ashamed of what the Russian military is doing in Ukraine, then this is a key moment for these Russian citizens: they must demand an end to the war - just demand it.” In addition, Zelensky reported there were thousands of missing persons. There are only two possibilities for their whereabouts – “they have either been deported to Russia or killed” said the President.  Meanwhile, fears are growing that Russian troops, who have been withdrawn from the Kyiv area, will now step up their attacks on the east of the country. Moscow continues to build up combat power to realise its ambitions in the Donbas in the east of the country. Russian units were preparing to resume offensives there amid plans to build a land bridge between the mainland, through Eastern Ukraine, and connecting with the already captured enclave of Crimea. US defence sources also said Russia had withdrawn all of its estimated 24,000 or more troops from the area around Kyiv and Chernihiv in northern Ukraine and sent them to Belarus or Russia to reorganise. However, Western sources also said intelligence agencies estimate the dispersed Russian troops will need up to a month to regroup for a major push on eastern Ukraine.  Putin has publically stated the first part of the “special operation” is complete, and forces will now move on to the second stage of the invasion. Fears are mounting in the wake of the withdrawal, scenes similar to those witnessed in Bucha will become more frequent. Reports circulating Russian troops are now trying to cover up what many have labelled genocide may come too late for Moscow. Repeated rhetoric is circulating calling Putin a war criminal, with many asking for the Russian President to face trial for the crimes. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg 