The grime artist, 37, whose real name is Dylan Mills, was yesterday given a 12-month restraining order and will have to wear an electronic tag for 24 weeks after an earlier trial in which he was found guilty of assaulting Cassandra Jones. Mills had maintained he was “frustrated” over custody arrangements and the pair had an argument when he dropped off their daughter at a home in Streatham, south London, last June. He had pressed his forehead against his ex-partner’s and pushed her to the floor during a “chaotic” row. But the shamed star, behind chart-topping singles Bonkers and Dance Wiv Me, was branded a “bully” by District Judge Polly Gledhill when she sentenced him at Croydon Magistrates Court. She said: “You have shown no remorse for this matter, rather you continue to place the blame on your victim.” There was no response from Mills as he sat in the dock, dressed in a green bomber jacket, white top and black jeans. The judge said she was “satisfied” the sentence was a “necessary and proportionate” measure. Mills was also ordered to pay £2,190 in costs and a £95 surcharge. However Isabelle Younane, of domestic abuse charity Women’s Aid, said: “Lenient sentences in domestic abuse cases send a dangerous message – both to perpetrators and survivors – about how domestic abuse is treated in this country. “Where allegations are made against people in the public eye, who hold influence over their fans, it is vital that the response is responsible and consistent. “Judges must send a clear message that no matter who you are there is no excuse for abuse.” Rascal was made an MBE for services to music in the Queen’s Birthday Honours in 2020. During his trial at Wimbledon Magistrates Court last month, Mills, who has two children with Ms Jones, was said to have “barged” into the home, banged his head on a fridge three times while holding his son, and started “screaming and shouting” at his ex-partner and her mother, Dawn Kirk. The judge said Ms Jones had been “rocked to her core” by the attack and left with panic attacks and needing anxiety medication. Ruth Davison, chief executive of the domestic abuse support charity Refuge, said: “Ms Jones has shown immense courage in speaking up and speaking out, Refuge would like to amplify her words today that wealth and status should never be used to silence women.” She added: “Domestic abuse is a crime and it is vital that it is treated with the seriousness it deserves.” *Those experiencing domestic abuse can access free, confidential support from Refuge’s 24-hour national helpline on 0808 2000 247 and via live chat Monday-Friday 3-10pm at www.nationaldahelpline.org.uk.