Furniture expert Lennox Cato was acquainted with the Bishop of Taunton on a recent episode of Antiques Roadshow who gave him the rare opportunity to see the fabled 16th Century Glastonbury Chair. He viewed the "truly wonderful" item at the Bishop's Palace, in Somerset, which has been a site of special religious significance for more than 800 years. After inspecting the historic piece, Lennox revealed it would be worth "many, many thousands" of pounds if it was on the market. Lennox began: "This is a proud moment for me to be in the grounds of Bishop's Palace and standing in front of me is this famous chair which I have only seen in books."When he asked his guest if she could tell him more about it she smiled as she hoped he would be able to educate her about the historic object.  READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? "But Wells Cathedral here, the Palace, has become the seat as it were of the bishops over the years."Lennox, who was enthusiastic about the wooden chair, remarked: "I have only seen illustrations in countless books of this chair."It's been copied by so many Victorians, all with a slightly different take on it."He thought the arms looked like axes before he had a closer inspection of the carving on the back of the chair which he described as "truly wonderful". As he continued to look at the chair he said the restorations were noticeable and realised parts had been eaten by woodworms over the centuries. He explained how the central tablet on the back of the chair was original but the pieces of wood on their side of it were not. "It's had a lot of replacements but that is to be expected for a chair of its state," Lennox exclaimed. "This is a collector's dream, it's a museum piece, it's something which a collector would give their back teeth for." DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow expert spots 'chilling' feature on mourning rings [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow expert points out Barbie's green ears [MUST SEE]Antiques Roadshow expert unveils huge value of Cartier brooch [LATEST] The Bishop chimed in to say she wanted people to see the chair but joked they were not allowed to sit on it due to how special it was. Lennox then revealed he thought people would pay "many, many thousands" of pounds for the item if it was for sale. "There is not another one, this is it, it could be worth £50,000 or it could be worth £100,000," he explained. "It is something so special, thank you," he told the Bishop after valuing the piece. She said it was a pleasure to show him the item on the BBC programme. During the rest of the episode, expert jewellery specialist Joey Hardy was dazzled by a brooch and earrings designed in the 1940s by Cartier and Lawrence Hendra admired a portrait of an unknown First World War army officer which was salvaged from a skip. Expert Geoffrey Munn was left stunned by a selection of Victorian mourning rings which contained strands of hair of the departed. Antiques Roadshow episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer.