Travel expert Simon Calder explained what forms of transport were going to be affected in the UK. For the past two years since the pandemic hit, many Brits have stayed close to home and not travelled much, but the up and coming Easter weekend is set to change this. Many Brits have plans to travel, and with a lack of staff in the travel industry, many systems are backlogged and busy. Mr Calder gave alternative solutions to cancellations and planned disruptions for tubes and motorways. Mr Calder told GB News: "Well all depends on where you want to start, shall we start on the roads? "It's very difficult to predict, the motoring organisations are warning that it could be the busiest weekend that we've seen for leisure travel that we've seen for over two years. "Of course, it's the first one where an awful lot of people are going to think, we've been stuck for a couple of years let's go off and enjoy ourselves. "Now, while most of the road works are going to be taken away, there are still going to be intense problems around the M25. JUST IN: White House considering to send Biden or US official to Kyiv to meet Zelensky     Mr Calder added: "Which we're looking at there I believe, very close to me here. "There's also of course are going to be massive problems on the motorways of Kent, not least because the M20 motorway is mostly being used as a lorry park at the moment. "And then there's the usual suspects, the A303 roundabout Stone Henge, a lot of drivers have been waiting there since the Stoneage. "And the Northern partS of the M6, particularly if it's a lovely day and everyone wants to head toward the Lake District. READ MORE: Edward VIII and Wallis Simpson's chateau seized by French government     Mr Calder said: "So the roads are going to be pretty grim and we already know that the railways for particularly the West Coast mainline that runs from London Euston to the West Midlands, to North-West England, Southern Scotland, no trains at all in and out of Euston all over the weekend Friday to Monday. 