Astrologers believe that the movements and positions of celestial objects can influence human affairs. According to astrologer Oscar Cainer, Jupiter, Venus, Mars and Saturn are all "visible in the heavens", with the moon lining up to "lead the parade of planets" today in a "Celestial Crown". He explained what each zodiac sign can expect following the new alignment. With Neptune locked in an embrace with Jupiter in the sign of Pisces for the first time in 166 years, and Pluto preparing to form an alignment with Mercury, the world's stage can expect major changes, according to Oscar. He said: "This is certainly a tumultuous time in the astrological heavens - and all at a time when life on Earth feels particularly turbulent. "Jupiter and Neptune’s convergence pushes growth and consumption beyond usual limits. "Whether it’s Russia brutally over-reaching its borders in Ukraine, ballooning inflation causing problems at home, or simply an excess of post-pandemic partying and indulgence catching up with us, the consequences are hard to ignore." READ MORE: Woman transforms her looks with permanent make-up  But what can each zodiac expect from this new planetary alignment, particularly next weekend during the Black Moon Eclipse? Mr Cainer explained: "As the Moon disappears from the night sky, it allows the rest of the heavens to shine brighter and radiate more energy upon us." "You’re strong and independent, so you wouldn’t naturally be inclined to rely on an event like the Celestial Crown to activate things for you. "But don’t be too proud, or too headstrong — to ignore this offer of help would be a missed opportunity. "The Black Moon Eclipse encourages you to use your resources differently. "You need to be sensitive to the situation you’re dealing with." "Doing what’s right isn’t always easy, but doing the emotionally or physically healthy thing usually makes us feel better in the long run. "The Celestial Crown urges you to prioritise progress ahead of pleasure. "The Black Moon Eclipse in your sign helps, too. Pursuing a dream is easier than you think - and, once you let go, more enjoyable than you imagine." "We all have to put up with people interfering in our lives. But the Celestial Crown asks you to look again at the way you’ve invested in and intertwined yourself with someone. "The Black Moon Eclipse can change relationships for the better and ensure that lasting rewards will appear." Mr Cainer said: "The Celestial Crown asks you to broaden your spiritual diet. "It’s urging you, with the help of others, to seek different ways to satisfy your cravings. "The Black Moon Eclipse is the moment of flux you need to encourage you to forge new alliances based on shared passions and feelings." "The Celestial Crown helps you discover what you need to feel good away from the limelight. "The Black Moon Eclipse ensures you’re on the right path to get it." "The Celestial Crown shines a light on the mess and confusion that exists between you and someone important. "The Black Moon Eclipse promises you don’t need to change to fit expectations." For Libra, Mr Cainer stated: "Under this rare celestial configuration, you’ll find yourself in a space where you can investigate hidden facets of yourself. "The Celestial Crown encourages you to look within to find the hidden power you never realised you had. "The Black Moon Eclipse promises the effects will be revelatory - and ultimately you may find your mind more at ease." "The Celestial Crown encourages you to build trust by being honest. "The Black Moon Eclipse highlights a journey towards liberation, excitement and inspiration. "This is the breakthrough your relationships have been crying out for." "The Celestial Crown enables you to plan the journey ahead. "The Black Moon Eclipse brings insights that enable you to make progress - and potentially fast." Mr Cainer explained it often suits Capricorns to be "underestimated". "But sometimes, you need to confound expectations and reveal just how magical you are; the Celestial Crown ushers in one of these moments. "The Black Moon Eclipse indicates that honouring your true qualities won’t diminish your power or your chances of success." "Some things can’t be analysed or explained by reason, and the Celestial Crown encourages you to embrace that truism and listen to your instincts. "The Black Moon Eclipse ensures you’ll know what needs altering. A surprising victory can be yours." Finally, for Pisces, Mr Cainer said: "As the Celestial Crown sees Venus catch up with your rulers Neptune and Jupiter, it’s time to nurture your creativity, have faith in the qualities that make you special, and express yourself with confidence. "The Black Moon Eclipse indicates that in communicating and celebrating your uniqueness, the love you experience will grow," he told the Daily Mail.