American actor Nehemiah Persoff, who is best remembered for his role in Some Like It Hot alongside Marilyn Monroe, has died at the age of 102. The actor's death was confirmed by his daughter Dahlia. The film star died on April 5  at a rehabilitation facility in San Luis Obispo, California. Actress Barbra Streisand has led tributes as she paid homage to the late actor with a touching tribute on Instagram. He played the role of Streisand's father Rebbe Mendel in the iconic 1983 musical film Yentl. Sharing a scene from the film, the performer paid tribute to her "papa" in an emotional message. READ MORE: Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue  In view of her 1.4 million followers, she captioned the post: "Nicky lived a long loving life. I’ll miss you Papa!!" She added the hashtag: "#NehemiahPersoff." The actress was swiftly inundated with messages of condolence as social media users paid tribute. Instagram user, Cefe Hyatt commented: "Condolences to your friend Barbra. He was wonderful as your Papa in Yentl. May Nehemiah Rest In Peace. Condolences to his family, friends & fan." Donna Casina remarked: "Loved the movie Yentl! Sorry for your loss. May he rest in peace!" Ruthy added: "Loved his work. So Sorry. Love to family and friends." Hizo offered: "Wow, my sincere condolences. I just watched Yentl over the weekend, you two had a beautiful chemistry." Persoff had racked up almost 200 credits in film and TV in a career that began in the very earliest days of television. DON'T MISS... BBC's Sam Quek sparks reaction after breast milk leaks through shirt[LATEST]Bobby Rydell dead: Bye Bye Birdie star and teen heartthrob dies at 79[TRIBUTES]'Never said that!' Jane Seymour, 71, defends plastic surgery claim[ADMISSION] Born in Jerusalem, Palestine on August 2, 1919, Persoff's family emigrated to the United States in 1929 and he graduated from the Hebrew Technical Institute in 1937. He was drafted by the United States Army in early 1942 and served during World War II until 1945. The on-screen star was assigned to an acting company to entertain the troops around the world. After the war, Persoff worked as a subway electrician, maintaining signals while he began to pursue his acting career in New York theatre. In 1947, he was accepted into the Actors Studio, and was one of the 26 members of the beginners' class taught by Elia Kazan, along with James Whitmore and Julie Harris. He enjoyed a longstanding career in film and his acting career began in 1948 with some of his early film roles being the driver in On the Waterfront (1954), Leo the accountant in The Harder They Fall with Humphrey Bogart and Rod Steiger (1956), and the gangster boss Little Bonaparte, a parody of Little Caesar in Billy Wilder's film classic Some Like It Hot (1959). The actor also appeared again with Steiger in Al Capone (1959) and enjoyed supporting roles in films such as The Greatest Story Ever Told (1965) and The Comancheros (1961). He appeared in the comedy film Twins (1988) and in the American Tail animated-film series as Papa Mousekewitz. Persoff's last movie was 4 Faces (1999), the last film to be directed by Ted Post.