The Duke of Sussex, 37, has been in The Hague this week to attend the Invictus Games, the sporting event for servicemen and women he launched back in 2014. During his brief sojourn to Europe, Harry delivered speeches to the crowd, interacted with competitors and also took part in interviews. While in the Netherlands, the Duke also took a trip to an Irish bar on Thursday, the Queen’s 96th birthday. The Prince enjoyed a “chilled pub night” with members of his Invictus Games staff and British friends who had flown over from London to join him. The Duke was surrounded by five bodyguards, including four men usually responsible for protecting the Dutch royals. Harry opted for a pint of Guinness and nursed this single drink all night before leaving at 11pm, the pub's owner said. Harry sat in a secluded part of the large beer garden and then posed with John Gulay, owner of O'Casey's Irish pub for a photo. In the snap, Harry sports a fleece with the Invictus Games logo, but his hat is what got royal fans talking. Harry sported an Archewell branded baseball cap for his night out at the pub in Holland. The Duke of Sussex wore a black hat with the white letters 'A' and 'W' on the front, to publicise the charitable organisation he launched with his wife Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties. The word Arche is a Greek word meaning “source of action”, while Well means “a plentiful source or supply”. READ MORE: Harry announces Invictus Games in Canada to 'reconcile indigenous' Neither Harry nor Meghan have previously been seen wearing any merchandise with the Archewell logo. After the image emerged, fans of the Sussexes took to social media to discuss his choice of attire, with some noting that they wanted to get their hands on it. One called Michelle wrote on Twitter: “I’m going to need that Archewell hat haz”. While @InvictusbyPepp added “Peep the Archewell logo on the hat” along with a heart-eyed emoji. Another tweeted: “Is it just me or is that an Archewell cap on Harry's head?” DON'T MISS Meghan Markle 'seemed oblivious' to 'critical factor' for Firm [INSIGHT] Prince Louis would have different name without Queen's intervention [REVEAL] Royal fans gush as Kate releases adorable birthday snaps of Louis [PICTURES] The Duke was joined at the pub by JJ Chalmers, a former Strictly Come Dancing star who has known Prince Harry since competing in the first games in 2014. John Gulay, the pub's 51-year-old landlord said Harry’s crew had been “in all week”, before scoping it out with security and reserving a table in the garden for a “special guest” who ended up staying for around 90 minutes. Staff had assigned the table to “Archie”, a reference to the Duke’s son. Mr Gulay, who has run O’Casey’s for 14 years, said the Duke had told him: “I stick to one pint and then I’ll move to lemonade.” He described the evening as a “normal night out” despite Harry’s high-profile status. He said: “It was a chilled pub night out among friends. It was really nice to see that he could have a normal night out. “They talked about school, their personal lives, how their wives and kids were.” The Duke reportedly declined to pose for a photograph behind the bar, but laughed and agreed when Mr Gulay offered to swap one picture for taking care of the table’s bill.