The former CIA chief of Russia operations has discussed the likely impact of sanctions on Vladimir Putin's daughters. Steve Hall believes the targeting of Putin's two adult daughters was part of a strategy of "closing the walls" around the Russian leader. Mr Hall told CNN: "It's not necessarily that Vladimir Putin is a warm and loving father somehow I just don't see that. "So it's a little bit less that he can that he's that concerned I think about his daughters, but it does show that sort of like a mafia boss, if you are a mafia boss, if you are Tony Soprano, your family is a potential liability. "It's something that that your adversaries can target and try to manipulate against you. 'So I think that's part of like a closing of the walls around Putin."  "Perhaps if he begins to see that from the West, it's going to have more of a psychological impact." Russia refers to its February 24 invasion as a "special military operation" designed to demilitarise and "denazify" Ukraine. Ukraine and Western governments reject that as a false pretext to invade a democratic country. The war has killed thousands, turned entire cities into rubble and left a quarter of Ukraine's population homeless.  The United States announced a new round of sanctions targeting Russian banks and Kremlin officials and banning Americans from investing in Russia. The sanctions hit Russia's Sberbank, which holds one-third of Russia's total banking assets, and Alfabank, the country's fourth-largest financial institution, US officials said. But energy transactions were exempted, the officials said. The United States is also placing sanctions on Putin's two adult daughters, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov's wife and daughter, and members of Russia's security council. "I made clear that Russia would pay a severe and immediate price for its atrocities in Bucha," Biden said on Twitter. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle in podcast takeover as Harry cut out of project [INSIGHT]Prince Harry on the spot as key security row paradox exposed [ANALYSIS]Jamaican MP hits out at claims she 'snubbed' Kate [VIDEO] The US President's remarks referred to the grim discovery of civilians shot dead at close range in the Ukrainian town. Britain also froze Sberbank's assets, and said it would ban imports of Russian coal by the end of the year. The head of the European Commission signalled further moves - including examining energy imports - on top of sanctions unveiled by the bloc on Tuesday. But a crack in a unified EU front emerged, with Orban saying Hungary was prepared to accede to Russia's demand to pay in roubles for Russian gas.