Meghan and Prince Harry spent Easter Sunday among some of the Invictus Games contestants who gathered in The Netherlands for this year's edition. On Sunday, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex watched some of the track and field events taking place at Zuiderpark and spoke to competitors coming from all over the world. But Meghan's attention was temporarily stolen by an adorable service dog, a part of the Dutch team. The Duchess rushed over to pet the dog, a golden labrador named Castor, after spotting him on the track. The Duchess cooed over the impeccably-behaved pet, stroking him and holding his face between her hands. Royal author Omid Scobie reported on Harper's Bazaar Meghan telling the dog: "Well I could just fall in love with you!" Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here While her attention was captured by the pet, Meghan and Harry chatted to the dog's owner and veteran Eric Hartwich. Mr Hartwich suffers from severe PTSD following his deployment to the frontline in Bosnia in 2007. Meghan is very well known for her love for dogs. During her years in Toronto, where she moved to star in the US procedural drama Suits in the 2010s, the Duchess had a Labrador-German Shepherd cross called Bogart and a beagle named Guy. READ MORE: 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed While Guy followed the Duchess to the UK when she married Prince Harry in 2018, the Duchess reportedly made the difficult decision to leave her dog Bogart with friends based in Canada, as he was too old to make the long plane journey to Britain. The newlyweds also added a new dog to their family shortly after tying the knot. Prince Harry broke the news in the summer of 2018 as he introduced himself at a youth centre he was visiting with Meghan as part of a day-long tour to Sussex. He said at the time: "My name is Harry, I have two dogs, and my lovely American wife." It was later revealed their new dog is a black labrador called Pula - which means rain in Setswana. Guy and Pula followed the Sussexes even after they relocated to California in late March 2020 and stopped being full-time working members of the Firm. After becoming a member of the Firm, the Duchess included her love for dogs and interest in animal welfare in her royal work by becoming the patron of the animal charity Mayhew. Meghan visited the London-based charity multiple times before returning to live in California. In early April, it was announced her patronage had come to an end at the beginning of 2022, three years after the bond was first created. The charity released a statement saying it had been an "incredible privilege" to work closely with Meghan over the years. And it also shared a message by the Duchess herself, in which she explained how she had come to choose Mayhew in the first place as one of her four royal patronages. The organisation was introduced to her by her friend and animal behaviourist Oli Juste, who died in January. As her last move as patron of Mayhew, Meghan announced the creation of a special wing at the charity in Mr Juste's honour as well as pledging to continue to support their cause. She said: "In his memory, we will be creating the Oli Juste wing at Mayhew, to shelter the animals who may have a harder time finding their forever homes. "Because much like Oli, they will never be forgotten, and they will always be loved. "Though my time as patron of Mayhew has come to a close, my unwavering support has not. "I encourage each of you to support in whatever way you are able. "The emotional support of a rescue animal is unparalleled—as you’ll soon realize: it is not you who saves them, it is they who save you."