Selling Sunset season five is on Netflix now and it has stolen the top spot on the streaming platform's top 10 chart. The reality TV series introduced British agent Chelsea Lazkani, who moved to LA and married her husband Jeff. Fans are keen to find out more about how the couple made their fortune. Chelsea was introduced as the fiery and fearless real estate agent of season five. She met Christine Quinn at a house viewing and the pair instantly clicked over their similar personalities and interests. During a conversation with Christine, fans learned how Chelsea had come to LA on a temporary basis but fell in love with the area. She also met the love of her life, Jeff, there and they now have two children together. Towards the end of the series, she landed a job at The Oppenheim Group. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle discovers he's not Faith's son Chelsea Lazkani's net worth, including her assets and properties, is approximately $500,000 (£392,000) according to ontrend.news. Before working for The Oppenheim Group, she was working in real estate for Rodeo Realty. She started her real estate career in 2017 and has worked with a wide range of clients in the luxury home sector. Her husband Jeff, 40, became Managing Partner for Icon Media Direct. He was born and raised in the media profession and his net worth is also said to be $500,000. However filmysiyappa.com estimated his net worth to be $250,000 (£196,000). As a couple, their total combined net worth varies from $750,000 (£589,000) to $1million (£785,000). Chelsea grew up in London and she obtained a degree in business economics at the University of Buckingham. She went on to get a degree in oil and gas management from the University of Dundee. She has worked as a business strategist and has more than 10 years of experience in the energy industry. DON'T MISS... Countryfile fertiliser row: Farmer's rage but find way to cut costs [DISCUSSION] Chelsea Lazkani fires back at claims British accent is 'fake' [INSIGHT] Micah Selling Sunset: Who is Micah and where is his restaurant? [EXPLAINER] As for Jeff, he has been at Icon Media Direct for many years, working his way up the ranks. Chelsea is on Instagram and she has been keeping fans up to date with her lavish lifestyle. She shared a photo of herself with Jeff and their two children, saying: "Family first and last, always. So blessed to have such a caring support system. I am them and they are me. Thankful." The star has recently spoken out against critics who claim her British accent is "fake" on Selling Sunset. She Tweeted in response to viewers and shared a video, in which she says: "Guys… the word on the street is that my accent is fake. "I know it's all over the place but listen there's an explanation, OK? "I’ve lived in four countries in my short 29 years of life. "I've lived in London, I've lived in Switzerland, I've lived in New Jersey, I now live in Los Angeles so my accent is a mish-mosh of all the places I've lived but I'm a London girl at heart."  Selling Sunset season 5 is on Netflix now.