Police have spoken to the First Minister after footage emerged of her not wearing a face mask inside, which is still a legal requirement in Scotland, and Ms Sturgeon has apologised. Speaking on GB News, Scottish television presenter Mr Oliver criticised Ms Sturgeon’s “hypocrisy”, in the clip, which he described as “not a powerful enough word to describe what’s going on”.  He said: “It is breathtaking to watch…it’s the bare-faced brass nakedness of the behaviour. “It’s almost a joy to watch, if you wanted moving pictures to define hypocrisy then what you have compiled there would absolutely get that job done. “I’ve said before, hypocrisy is no longer a big enough word or a powerful enough word to describe what’s going on with Nicola Sturgeon. “You have to say, to give the devil its due…politicians have been an arrogant lot for a long time, there’s nothing new about that.  “Over the last couple of years though, somehow the blatant disregard for how we, the long-suffering electorate, think of their behaviour has become ever more obvious…you almost have to draw the conclusion that they want us to see them disregarding our opinions.” When asked why he believed politicians wanted us to witness their hypocrisy, Mr Oliver continued: “It’s been an evolutionary process where drip by drip, little by little we’ve gone from being in a situation where we are served by a government, served by public servants to being ruled. “There has been a shift, a fundamental shift, and we are the little people who are to do what we are told, we are ruled now. “It’s just a hypothesis but it does look to me as if it’s being underlined for us that we will tell you what to do and you will do that, and don’t you be worrying your pretty little heads about what we do because circumstances and rules don’t apply to us.  READ MORE: Expert warns Putin 'in state of psychosis' after Covid isolation “Nicola Sturgeon has survival instinct, I’ll absolutely give her that and I don’t think she makes mistakes, not that kind of mistake. “What was fascinating, the reflex actions from her minder in the aftermath of the story breaking was that she had been a few seconds, a few seconds, an oversight, and then of course those videos started coming out, plainly you can see she’s looked herself in the mirror. “It’s not seconds, it’s obviously gone on for quite a while. “She sees that she’s not wearing a mask and the fact that she knows that we in due course will see she’s not wearing a mask matters to her not a jot.”  DON'T MISS: Princess Eugenie shares adorable snap of baby August [ROYAL NEWS]Putin launches onslaught on Ukraine as masses of troops storm Donbas [LATEST]Miriam Margolyes vows to arbitrate between Emma Watson and JK Rowling [CELEB NEWS] After she was given a warning by Police Scotland it was felt that no further action against Ms Sturgeon was necessary, reported the BBC. The First Minister said in a statement that she realised she was not wearing a mask within seconds of being in the shop on Saturday and then she “immediately put it on”. She added: “However, I accept that not wearing a face covering even for a few seconds was an error on my part and I am sorry for that. “This is what they [the police] would have done with anyone else in these circumstances, and they were absolutely right to treat me no differently to any other citizen.” 