Following French presidential election and Macron’s victory over Marine Le Pen, Journalist Marion van Renterghem and editor-in-chief of far-right magazine Valeurs Actuelles Thomas Morel warn Macron has won the election, but battle is still open as “the country is angry with the government” and “[Marine Le Pen] may still be ahead in the coming elections”. Channel 4 Europe Editor and Presenter Matt Frei told Ms van Renterghem: “The last time we spoke you were afraid Macron would lose his head. “But Macros has kept his head." Ms van Renterghem responded: “Yes, Macron has kept it and I think we have avoided the Brexit, Trump moment that I feared." Referring to Marine Le Pen’s agenda, she continued: “It was sort of a hidden Brexit referendum because Marin Le Pen, even though she tried to say that she was not against exiting the EU, all her programme was equivalent of an exiting the EU. “I think she was Frexiter without saying it. “Macron won by a large margin but at the same time [Marine Le Pen] did not lose the election. “She won something like three million voters more than 2017 and Macron lost something like two million voters in comparison to 2017 election. “The rise of the extreme right has been constant since 2002 in France." READ MORE: Horror as Irishman kicked to death on Malaga beach  Following Ms van Renterghem’s claims, Mr Morel also added: “I think in France there is a strong radical movement. “People have been angry with the government, with traditional parties. “Marine Le Pen is one of the few candidates that really translates this into a vote. “This is the reason why she got so many voters this time and why she might carry on. “The thing is also in low-stakes elections the Rassemblement National is very strong. DON'T MISS: Death of cash warning as number of high street cash machines plummets [WATCH] Brexit Britain’s bonfire of red tape held back by ‘huge cost’ [LISTEN] Macron’s view of Boris and Britain: French leader’s attacks on Johnson [INSIGHT]  "It gets a lot more votes. “So now we have elections like this coming and [Marine Le Pen] may still be ahead in the coming elections.” The claims follow results of French presidential election, which resulted in Macron winning over Marine Le Pen by 58.55% to 41.45%. In light of rise of Marine Le Pen in comparison to 2017 elections which resulted in Marine Le Pen losing by 33.90% compared to Macron’s 66.10%, in his victory speech said: “An answer must be found to the anger and disagreement that led many of our compatriots to vote for the extreme right”. “It will be my responsibility and that of those around me”, he added.  