Atletico defender Felipe was sent off for following through on Phil Foden having already been booked. A mass brawl was then sparked by Savic, who first grabbed Foden and then exchanged words with Grealish. The former City defender was shown by cameras to have grabbed the England international’s hair, while Grealish hit back with expletives. Savic somehow escaped a red card for pushing his head into Raheem Sterling, with BT referee expert Peter Walton saying the incident should have been referred to VAR. But Savic was not finished there and was clearly livid with Grealish. BT commentator Darren Fletcher revealed that the Montenegrin centre-back chased the 26-year-old down the tunnel. JUST IN: Newcastle plan 'significant' Eriksen offer to beat Spurs and Brentford Fletcher said: “Grealish was walking down the tunnel and Stefan Savic caught up with him. All of a sudden there was a commotion at the mouth of the tunnel and people just ran to that area. “The two players disappeared from my view but very quickly after four police officers came charging to that area as well. I couldn’t tell you exactly what happened, but Savic was involved again. Grealish was trying to leave the field and it was another very unsavoury incident here. Symptomatic of what we’ve seen over the last 15 minutes.” A number of police officers entered the tunnel area to ease tensions. Footage from inside the tunnel showed Savic still chasing after Grealish. CHAMPIONS LEAGUE LATEST...Man City boss Guardiola issues blunt response after chaotic Atleti tieLiverpool edge past Benfica: 5 things we learned as Reds progressStefan Savic pulls Jack Grealish's hair in ugly scenes Sime Vrsaljko appeared to throw an object that hit City defender Aymeric Laporte. Kyle Walker had to be held back from chasing after the Croatian. Pundits Joleon Lescott and Rio Ferdinand believe Savic’s issue with Grealish is born out of ‘jealousy’ and slammed the 31-year-old for being ‘selfish’. Lescott told BT Sport: “Savic had an issue with Jack in the first leg, you can see it’s a personal issue. There was something there. “The rest of Atletico players are congratulating fans, whilst he’s in the tunnel. It’s a selfish act.” Ferdinand continued: “It must’ve been the Gucci deal he got! He mustn’t be happy he got the Gucci deal! The hair length? I don’t know what’s wrong. Jealousy? Hundred million price tag? Either Jack [might have] said something we haven’t seen or he just doesn’t like the look of him. If I was Jack Grealish I’d be talking about being on the winning team."