This weekend, France will go to the polls for the first round of the French presidential election. While Mr Macron is favourite to reclaim the keys to the Élysée Palace, polls have tightened in the past week. According to a poll published by Elabe on April 1, the incumbent President would beat far-right rival Marine Le Pen by only six points if the pair were to face each other in the election’s second round as anticipated. Mr Macron is projected to receive 53 percent of the vote, compared to Ms Le Pen’s 47 percent ‒ a far closer battle than five years ago when the now-President crushed the National Rally leader 66 percent to 34 percent. With his lead dwindling, Mr Macron urged voters to turn out on Sunday, stressing that it is crucial he claims a clear mandate. Speaking to France Inter, the leader said: “Is it useful [to vote]? Yes. “If I hadn’t had a real mandate five years ago, I couldn't have done what I have done. Only the vote gives legitimacy. Read More: Ukrainian troops recover 'treasure trove' after ambushing Russians “Many people sign up to causes, petitions, movements, but don’t necessarily vote. “Causes are important, but the profound changes we can make to society come when we vote.” Mr Macron has faced spells of criticism from both the left and the right throughout his first term as President and his critics have chosen to express themselves in some fairly direct ways. The so-called Yellow Vests have undertaken weeks of chaotic protests at various points over the past five years.  Some have even taken their anger directly to the President himself. Last June, two people were immediately detained by police after a man appeared to slap the President across the face. In videos broadcast on French television, Mr Macron is seen jogging towards a small cheering crowd standing behind a barrier. The President leans in to greet the supporters, and places one hand on the arm of a man in a green t-shirt. Don't Miss:Putin’s military regroup doomed over failures in Ukraine[ANALYSIS]Putin slept with shotgun in St Petersburg after 'violent' USSR fall[INSIGHT]Britain accused of staging war crimes in Ukraine on Russian TV[OPINION] The man then shouts “Montjoie Saint-Denis! Down with Macrony!” and slaps Mr Macron across the face, causing the President’s head to jerk to one side. Mr Macron’s security detail swiftly intervened, pushing the men to the ground and pulling the President away. The royal battle cry “Montjoie Saint-Denis” dates back to the 12th century, and is used as a motto by a number of far-right groups in France. Meanwhile “Macrony” is a scathing term used by the President’s opponents to describe Mr Macron and his allies. At the time, the slap caused a major stir among the French press, while some people even tipped it to dominate the discourse across the “entire election campaign”. Louis Bernard, a Parisean interviewed by CNBC, said: “I think we’ll be talking about this slap for the entire election campaign. “But whether that will result in a movement for or against Macron, I don't think so.” However Mr Macron was quick to play down the incident, and blamed “ultra-violent” individuals. Speaking to the Dauphine Libere newspaper in an interview after the slap, Mr Macron said: “I am doing fine. “We must put this incident, which I think is an isolated event, into perspective. “Let’s not let isolated events, ultra-violent individuals, take hold of the public debate. They do not merit it.” In February, Mr Macron saw a huge spike in support after the President played a central role in diplomatic efforts to stop Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. He only embarked on his domestic presidential campaign last week, having previously tried to position himself as the senior European political leader in the Ukraine crisis. However Ms Le Pen, who had endured a shoddy campaign marred by her past links to Putin, has recently set her focus on tackling France’s cost of living crisis and has since seen positive results in the polls.