Lewis Hamilton has welcomed back Sebastian Vettel to the F1 grid ahead of his return to racing at next weekend’s Australian Grand Prix. Hamilton posted a message to Aston Martin's lead driver on his Instagram story as he recovers from coronavirus. Hamilton said: “Covid is no joke, welcome back.” The message also included a prayer emoticon and a picture of Vettel shared by Aston Martin. Yesterday, Aston Martin confirmed Vettel will race in Melbourne after missing the first two races of the season with Covid. A Twitter statement said: “We are pleased to confirm that Sebastian Vettel is now fit to race and will therefore line up alongside @lance_stroll in Melbourne to kick off his 2022 @F1 season at the @ausgrandprix.” Ahead of the race in Jeddah, Aston Martin has earmarked Melbourne as the date of Vettel’s return to the team. Vettel took part in the pre-season test in Bahrain but tested positive days before the first race. Despite feeling better, he was also unable to race in Saudi Arabia. READ MORE: Sebastian Vettel set for F1 return after missing first two races Experienced F1 star Nico Hulkenberg filled in for Vettel at both Grands Prix and was on the pace straight away. Hulkenberg even managed to beat his full-time team-mate Lance Stroll in Jeddah as the team just missed out on points. After his two guest appearances in F1, Hulkenberg posted how he had an “amazing” time in the car. He said: “The last 10 days came unexpected - were very eventful, intense but amazing! Good times! Hulkenback 3.0 is a wrap.” DON'T MISSRed Bull’s Sergio Perez calls for FIA ‘discussions’ [COMMENT]Sebastian Vettel warns Lewis Hamilton with Max Verstappen hunch [INSIGHT]Mercedes boss Toto Wolff was tempted by Sebastian Vettel move [ANALYSIS] Aston Martin have struggled for performance in 2022 with the team failing to score in either of the first two races. Speaking to Sky Germany, Ralf Schumacher has raised fears Vettel could walk away from the sport if he does not have a competitive car soon. He said: “If Sebastian Vettel comes back now, he can surely get a bit more out of the weakening car because he is also more familiar with the car. “I could also imagine at least a small upgrade will come from Aston Martin. I can only hope that for Vettel’s sake, because I’m always a bit worried Vettel will quit at some point before he’s permanently just trailing behind.”