The Kremlin has issued a furious response after Wimbledon confirmed all Russian and Belarusian players would be banned from competing in this year's competition amid the war in Ukraine. It means the likes of ATP world No 2 Daniil Medvedev and WTA No 4 Aryna Sabalenka will be left out of the tournament and all British grass-court events this summer as the LTA followed suit in banning players from the two nations. The Kremlin has claimed that Russian tennis players are being held "hostage" from competing at the All England Club this summer after Wimbledon issued a strong statement banning all athletes from the nation in its condemnation of the invasion of Ukraine. "Once again they simply turn athletes into hostages to political prejudice, political intrigues," Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said of the announcement. "This is unacceptable," he continued. "Taking into account that Russia is a very strong tennis country, our athletes are at the top of world rankings, the competition itself will suffer from their removal." There are four Russian men in the top 30 of the ATP rankings, with the top 32 receiving a seeded position at the tournament, and six Russian and Belarusian players in the top 32 of the WTA rankings who would have been seeds at Wimbledon. Confirming the ban in a statement on Wednesday, Wimbledon said it was seeking to "limit Russia's global influence" with the bold move. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton and Serena Williams 'pledge £20m' to Chelsea bid  The statement read: "Given the profile of The Championships in the United Kingdom and around the world, it is our responsibility to play our part in the widespread efforts of Government, industry, sporting and creative institutions to limit Russia’s global influence through the strongest means possible. In the circumstances of such unjustified and unprecedented military aggression, it would be unacceptable for the Russian regime to derive any benefits from the involvement of Russian or Belarusian players with The Championships.” The chairman of the All England Club, Ian Hewitt, also sai: “We recognise that this is hard on the individuals affected, and it is with sadness that they will suffer for the actions of the leaders of the Russian regime. We have very carefully considered the alternative measures that might be taken within the UK Government guidance but, given the high profile environment of The Championships, the importance of not allowing sport to be used to promote the Russian regime and our broader concerns for public and player (including family) safety, we do not believe it is viable to proceed on any other basis at The Championships.” DON'T MISSTennis star Pam Shiver reveals trauma of her affairRaducanu explains replicating US Open tactic after Stuttgart victoryAndy Murray performs U-turn as Brit to play Madrid Masters  The LTA showed solidarity with Wimbledon's decision by banning Russian and Belarusian athletes from their own British grass court events, including Queens, Eastbourne and Nottingham. It has been a controversial decision that has come under fire from the ATP, WTA and top players including world No 1 Novak Djokovic. Speaking on the decision after his match at the Serbia Open, he said: "I will always be the first one to condemn the war. As a child of war, I know what kind of emotional trauma a war leaves. Us in Serbia, we know what was happening here in 1999. Ordinary people always suffer – we've had lots of wars in the Balkans. That being said, I cannot support the Wimbledon decision. It's not the athletes' fault. When politics interfere with sport, it usually doesn't turn out well." Both the men's and women's tours have also pointed out the "discrimination" in the decision, with the ATP saying: "We believe that today’s unilateral decision by Wimbledon and the LTA to exclude players from Russia and Belarus from this year’s British grass-court swing is unfair and has the potential to set a damaging precedent for the game."