Today, the Balmoral Castle grounds are opening to the public to mark the Queen's 70 years on the throne. A summer of celebrations is set to take place at the Queen's holiday home in Scotland to mark her Platinum Jubilee. The Balmoral Castle and Estate are set to reopen today as part of plans to recognise Her Majesty's 70 years on the throne.  Home to the Royal Family in Scotland, the estate in Deeside, Aberdeenshire has been owned by them since Prince Albert purchased it for Queen Victoria in 1852 after she fell in love with the area. She eventually raised a pyramid style cairn there, after Albert's death in 1861 when he was aged just 42. This year the castle grounds are opening to the public from today, Friday, April 1 until Tuesday, August 2 to host a summer of festivities to mark the special occasion. Balmoral Castle is arranging a unique exhibition titled ‘Life at Balmoral’ celebrating all life at Balmoral “from the river to the royals”, which is included in all ticket options.  READ MORE: Peter & Autumn's body language 'looked pretty besotted' post-split As well as the exhibitions scheduled throughout the summer, there are various excursions to choose from including standard admission, coffee and cake or afternoon tea experiences. The current castle was built in 1855, and Queen Victoria’s husband Prince Albert helped design the landscape. Aberdeen architect William Smith assisted the Prince, and the castle quickly became the Scottish home to the Royal Family.   The Ballroom Exhibition is the only room in the Castle available for viewing. Most other rooms within the Castle are the Queen's private rooms so are not available to view by the public. In the Portcullious there is an original Phateon Carriage, which is originally from the estate and would have been used to transport ghillies, guests and the Royal Family. The gardens were originally created by Prince Albert, but since the Victorian era, they have been expanded and improved by the modern Royal Family.  Queen Mary, the wife of George V, added a semi-circular wall of rocks guarding a fountain between 1923 and 1925. This is why the gates to the garden have the monograms GR and MR to pay homage to the King and Queen from this time period. Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh, extended the gardens to incorporate a large kitchen garden. This vegetable garden is harvested between August and October when the Queen usually stays at Balmoral for her annual summer.  The formal gardens are massive and cover three acres. They contain a range of Victorian glasshouses and a conservatory with lots of different flowerpots. A water garden has been implemented in recent years adjacent to the main garden and sits within the trees between Garden Cottage and West Drive. Also within Balmoral is Garden Cottage, where Queen Victoria would sometimes take breakfast, deal with State correspondence and journal in her infamous diaries. The castle is now expected to be worth £106million. 