The 27-year-old, identified only as Patrick F., was found lying by the side of a road in Flaine, part of the linked Grand Massif alpine sports domain. The man was on a ski break with friends, and had spent the evening of March 30 in the Social Bar. Authorities have now opened an investigation into Patrick’s death, and have appealed for witnesses. Gendarmes from nearby Scionzier are carrying out enquiries in the area, with the investigation being led by prosecutors and an examining magistrate. A source investigating Patrick’s death said: “The deceased’s body was found late in the evening lying by a road nearby. "Efforts were made to revive him, but he was declared dead at the scene.” The 27-year-old, identified only as Patrick F., was found lying by the side of a road in Flaine, part of the linked Grand Massif alpine sports domain. The man was on a ski break with friends, and had spent the evening of March 30 in the Social Bar. Speaking to The Sun, the source added: “We are appealing anybody who might have seen him on the night of March 30 – a Wednesday – to come forward. “The aim is to try and piece together the circumstances leading up to this tragic death." A UK Foreign Office spokesman told the outlet: "We are supporting the family of a British national who died in France and are in touch with the local authorities." READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Panicked Putin defends 'modern' weapons It comes after a British base jumper died after his parachute failed to open in time during a cliff jump in the south of France. According to the Dauphiné Libéré newspaper, the 34-year-old man succumbed to his injuries at Grenoble university hospital after the accident. The paper reported that he had been on holiday with several friends in Millau, Aveyron. On their way back from a day out in March, the group decided to jump off the Bournillon cliff and into the Bourne gorge, in the commune of Châtelus, in Isère. One of the man’s friends raised the alarm just before 7pm when they did not see his parachute open. Two rescuers were winched as close as possible to the injured man as he dangled from his parachute, which had got stuck to the cliffside, the newspaper reported. He was airlifted in a critical condition to hospital, where he died. It also comes after a French skier aged 40 was arrested in Flaine following the death of a five-year-old British girl in January. He is said to have collided with the child while travelling at high speed that broke local limits. Neither the victim nor the accused, who faces manslaughter charges, have been identified.