Royal biographer Tina Brown claims the future of the Firm rests on the “slim shoulders” of the Duchess of Cambridge. Ms Brown believes that, if Kate was to make an exit from the Firm – much like her sister-in-law Meghan Markle – it would have disastrous consequences for the Royal Family. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down from their roles as senior royals in 2020. The move, dubbed Megxit, saw Prince Harry and his wife relocate and the pair now reside in the US with their two children Archie, two, and Lilibet, who turns one in June. The former Vanity Fair editor claims that, if mother-of-three Kate exited the Firm, it would “crumble at the moment without her”. The author of ‘The Palace Papers: Inside The House Of Windsor - The Truth And The Turmoil’ said in an interview: “If for any reason, she thought like Meghan, ‘I’m out of here, I can do much better,’ it would be a disaster.” Ms Brown went on to praise the Duchess of Cambridge for her dedication to her royal duties, claiming that other women may not have coped as well as she has with the demands of the job. The royal author said: “It would, I think, crumble at the moment without her because she’s the only modern, beautiful woman who’s well-educated, substantial in herself, who’s actually wanting to commit herself to the rigours of this institution. Not many young women could do that.” Kate’s life of service began over a decade ago, following her marriage to Prince William. Though they didn't tie the knot until 2011, the royal couple first met 10 years prior while studying history at the University of St Andrews in Scotland. READ MORE: Meghan cheerleader Omid Scobie defends Prince Harry's comments Ms Brown said that Kate required “a lot of care and strategy to end up married to William”. She describes the switch from being William’s girlfriend to future Queen Consort as an “obstacle course” that Kate has had to navigate through. Ms Brown told The Post: “They were madly in love all the way through but … making it from the loving girlfriend to the future queen, that’s an obstacle course. “And it’s like snakes and ladders. At any moment she could have stepped on the wrong square and had a snake.” DON'T MISS Camilla taking on Queen Consort title was 'not inevitable' [INSIGHT] Prince Charles to visit key area in Canada with Camilla [REVEAL] Prince Harry 'jeopardised' Jubilee invite after interview [REPORT] She claims that Kate’s mother Carole Middleton was “very critical” in helping her “avoid the snakes on the board.” Ms Brown went on to commend Kate’s husband William, who is second in line to the throne. She claims the Duke was wise to wait 10 years before proposing to his bride, as it signified “he was absolutely sure she could handle it before they married.” Ms Brown went on to add that Kate was “trained” about what was expected of her, and claims this was in contrast to Meghan. She claims the Duchess of Sussex was “deluded” when it came to what being a working royal actually entailed. Working members of the Royal Family attend many appearances and participate in a substantial amount of royal engagements throughout the year. Other priorities for senior royals are supporting charities and helping to improve local communities. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are recognised for their commitment to their royal duties and undertake many engagements throughout the year. The couple have carried out significantly more duties since Harry and Meghan stepped back.