Just under 14 months on from his potentially career-ending car crash, Tiger Woods could be set for an astonishing return at the Masters this week. But ahead of what would be a remarkable comeback, he has been sent a warning over his future by Sky Sports Golf expert Nick Dougherty. Golf fans had been teased after Woods was named on the Masters provisional list at the end of last month, and speculation has been rife ever since regarding his participation at the most iconic course in the sport. He enjoyed a practice round late last week at Augusta with his son Charlie and fellow professional Justin Thomas, with reports suggesting that his game was in good shape. And with talk continuing to grow over his participation, Woods made an announcement on social media on Sunday that he would head back to Augusta to continue his preparation, hinting that his special comeback is on. He tweeted to his 6.6million fans: 'It will be a game-time decision on whether I compete.' Woods' latest update sent fans into a frenzy, and that only heightened after he was pictured practicing at Augusta on Sunday with his comeback drawing tantalisingly closer. It would be some story if he was to compete for the prestigious green jacket - an award he has won on six occasions - given he previously admitted amputation of his right leg was 'on the table' after sustaining open fractures to the tibia and fibula. JUST IN: Tiger Woods confirms he's heading to Augusta with Masters return on the cards  In his first public appearance since the horror crash, Woods admitted he would only return to tour part-time, with him specifically targeting this year's Open Championship at the famed St Andrew's Old Course. Those plans are set to drastically change though with the Masters in his sights. However, former European Tour player Dougherty, who played with Tiger at the 2009 US Open, has given a word of advice to the sporting great. When asked if Woods appearing at the Masters would top his seismic Augusta victory in 2019, Dougherty said: "No, I am not sure he can top 2019. I am trying to think what he could do still. Maybe winning the Open at St Andrew’s again and then retiring." Dougherty then added that he wants Woods to retire at the top, and not prolong his career for the sake of it. "In my mind, I need him as a selfish fan to retire at the top. I need him to be the guy that I just remember as a hero. I don’t want to see him struggle because golfers generally go too long. In golf, he is eligible to play whenever he wants and wherever he wants. DON'T MISSTiger Woods warning sent to Masters rivals ahead of potential return - 'Game is all back'Tiger Woods Masters return verdict delivered by Rory McIlroy after Augusta practice roundTiger Woods 'looked good' during Masters practice round with son Charlie and Justin Thomas "Most of them, Seve (Ballesteros)... Nick Faldo did a pretty good job of getting out when he actually realised he couldn’t do it and Nick couldn’t handle not being able to do what he could do. He is a great example. Most guys go too long. Arnold Palmer is a great example, we love Arnold Palmer, but he just played and played and played, and you just forget how brilliant they were. "And when Tiger started to lose his game I did have an issue with seeing some of the modern players taking his scalp so easily. Because in my playing days, if you beat Tiger, you probably won. You just didn’t get to go past him. For me the defining moment in my career wasn’t anything I won, it was playing with Tiger in the third round of the US Open. Because I felt like I was watching something, I was part of something that was really special. I am watching golf that’s not really been seen before. And I am not just watching it, I am playing with the guy." Dougherty, who will be fronting up Sky's coverage of the Masters throughout the week, also fondly reminisced about Woods' stunning Masters triumph in 2019 and admits that moment will never ever be beaten within the sport. "Even though I am such a die-hard Tiger fan, watching him walk up the 18th at the Tour Championship like the pied piper in 2018, I was in tears watching that. I was at home and I couldn’t believe what I was watching. "And then to get to 2019, and seeing that all come to fruition, and the way he did it as well… all these big stars falling by the way side under the pressure. The guy who was a cannon of a player, the guy who would hit the long, crazy shots, all of a sudden found a new way to become a champion. Just the evolution of one of the true greats of the game. "He wasn’t the longest, he was a plotter around the golf course - he had the strong mind and the experience. And to see him go from where he was, with the personal stuff that he went through, where he went from being invincible in so many ways to being human, and then with his game and his injuries, it just wasn’t possible. "It’s just not possible for normal people to do that in my mind. And I don’t see how you can ever top that to be honest. It is my favourite moment in golfing history that I can recall anyway." Watch The Masters this April live on Sky Sports and NOW. Coverage from April 4-10 will be exclusively live on Sky Sports Golf.