The Duke of Sussex's memoir is set to be released later this year and Harry is said to have received a £15 million advance for the book. Tina Brown, former editor of Vanity Fair and friend of Harry's mother, the late Princess Diana said that the Duke "can't stand" Camilla, and will go after both her and Charles in the memoir. Royal commentator Angela Levin has criticised Harry over Ms Brown's claims, stating that the public is "bored rigid of hearing how hard done by he is". Ms Levin also criticised Harry for not visiting his grandmother, the Queen.  She tweeted: "Tina Brown says that Harry dislikes Prince Charles and Camilla and will write about it in his memoir. "If true aren't we all bored rigid with hearing how hard done by he is/was and his life as a millionaire victim. "Has he stepped in to help the Queen or even visited her?" Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle stepped down from senior royal duties in 2020. He made the decision not to return to the UK for a memorial service for his grandfather Prince Philip on March 29 2022.  The Duke has filed a claim for a judicial review over the Home Office's decision not to allow him to pay for police protection for himself and his family during trips to the UK. Earlier this year, the Queen suffered from a bout of Covid and Harry has not seen her in person following her recovery. It is unclear whether Harry and Meghan will return to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. According to Penguin Random House, in his memoir, Harry will “share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him."  Ms Brown told The Telegraph Magazine: "Harry’s not going to go after The Queen, she’s sacrosanct. And he probably won’t go after Kate, who he’s very fond of. "But he will go after Charles and Camilla and maybe William. "William has accepted Camilla in terms of what she means to his father’. "He’s been grown up about it. Harry, on the other hand, can’t stand Camilla. He doesn’t want Camilla to be queen." When Charles and Camilla got married in 2005, it was announced that Camilla would be known as Princess consort and not Queen consort when Charles ascends the throne, due to the controversy surrounding Charles and Camilla's relationship. However, earlier this year, in a message to mark the beginning of her Platinum Jubilee year, the Queen said it was her "sincere wish" that Camilla would be given the title of "Queen" when Charles takes the throne. 