Emma Raducanu could be set to open play on Wimbledon's Centre Court in place of Ash Barty following the Aussie's retirement. The tournament traditionally allows the defending champions in men's and women's singles to play the first match on the prestigious court on the opening two days but Barty will be unable to do so after retiring from tennis last month. The tournament is now considering several options including "prominent players". The defending women's singles champion will not be back to defend her crown at Wimbledon this year after retiring from tennis aged 25, as the reigning winner of both The Championships and the Australian Open. It means the tournament will be forced to select a replacement to open play on Centre Court in place of Barty, and Raducanu could be one of the options as a "prominent" home player. On Tuesday, Chairman of the All England Club Ian Hewitt confirmed that a decision on who would take Barty's place and be given the honour of opening the first round of play on the prestigious court had not yet been made, but a range of options were being considered. He cited their recent decision to allow then-world No 1 Barty to open play in 2021 when the defending 2019 champion Simona Halep was injured and unable to compete. But he admitted that the same decision may not be taken this year, with a range of other options including: "The world No 1, runner-up or other prominent players". Raducanu will likely be considered a prominent player as a reigning Grand Slam champion, the world No 11 and British No 1 who enjoyed her breakthrough at the tournament last year as a wildcard. JUST IN: Wimbledon explains two key factors that influenced Russian ban  Raducanu made her Grand Slam debut at Wimbledon as the world No 338 and became the first British woman in the Open Era to reach the round-of-16 as she stormed into the second week without dropping a set before retiring to Ajla Tomljanovic. Her run allowed her to break into the world's top 200 and weeks later she made history as the first qualifier ever to win a Grand Slam title at the US Open. Given Raducanu's unprecedented achievements and her standing as a British athlete, she will likely be top of the list of "other prominent players". DON'T MISSDjokovic and Nadal set for mouthwatering Davis Cup clashWimbledon explains two key factors that influenced Russian banDjokovic accused of 'especially inappropriate' Wimbledon ban stance  Defending runner-up Karolina Pliskova and world No 1 Iga Swiatek will also be at the top of the running. Serena Williams could be another option as a seven-time former champion who is set to make her comeback at Wimbledon, one year after slipping on the Centre Court grass in her opening match and being forced to retire with an injury that has kept her out ever since. Novak Djokovic will open day one as the defending men's champion, and is currently set to be the top seed as the world No 1. He will allowed to compete despite being unvaccinated after it was confirmed vaccination was encouraged but not mandatory.