Arsenal and Manchester United target Ruben Neves has been valued at a whopping £100million by Wolves boss Bruno Lage. The Portuguese midfielder has been linked with some of the Premier League’s biggest clubs and could be set for a blockbuster summer transfer. Neves has been a key player for the Midlands outfit since their promotion in 2018. He has gone from strength to strength since Lage’s appointment last summer, when the Portuguese replaced Nuno Espirito Santo. Arsenal and United are two of the clubs credited with an interest but a host of Europe’s top clubs are believed to be keeping tabs on Neves’ situation. The 25-year-old’s contract will enter its final two years come the summer. The Manchester Evening News reported earlier this week that Wolves were scouting replacements and expect to field bids for the former Porto ace. However, head coach Lage has insisted that his prized asset will not be sold on the cheap. JUST IN: Liverpool have transfer plan in case Real Madrid win Tchouameni race "We need to be ready for everything. A player like Ruben Neves has a value of £100m. Anything can happen, not just with Ruben,” Lage said when asked if the player might leave in the coming months. A fee of that magnitude would be club-records for both United and Arsenal. The £90m spent on Paul Pogba in 2016 remains the Red Devils’ biggest buy, while the Gunners paid £74m for Nicolas Pepe in 2019. Neves made controversial comments about Arsenal earlier this season, claiming their celebrations after a dramatic late winner against Wolves were more akin to winning the Premier League. Alexandre Lacazette forced a stoppage-time Jose Sa own goal at the Emirates Stadium to seal a 2-1 win. DON'T MISS...Tottenham get huge Conte boost as Pochettino makes confident PSG vowMan Utd 'ruining their youngsters' with only McTominay thrivingLiverpool have transfer plan in case Real Madrid win Tchouameni race After the game, Neves told reporters: "We saw the way they celebrated the win and that shows the level we are. I didn't see Arsenal celebrating like this in the past 10 years - it was like they won the league." Arsenal boss Arteta responded in his post-match press conference, saying: "I encouraged them to celebrate every victory. Because you can tell how difficult it is in this game to win football matches. Our supporters are the same, every time we win we should celebrate because when you lose or draw you know the faces are always [sad]." United are also looking for a new midfielder as it is becoming increasingly likely that Pogba will depart when his contract expires at the end of June. The Frenchman is believed to have interest from Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain.   