At the end of last month, Prince William and his wife Kate concluded an eight-day royal tour which saw them visit three Caribbean nations. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas as part of a royal visit organised to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. However, the tour was marred by protests during the couple's visit to Jamaica and Belize, which saw locals calling for reparations from the Royal Family over colonialism. Reputation expert and royal commentator Eric Schiffer claims the Wessexes will face similar issues, which he refers to as “incoming missiles”, when they embark on their own Caribbean royal tour later this month. The Queen’s third son, Prince Edward, and his wife, Sophie Wessex, are set to embark upon a royal visit lasting from April 22 to April 28. The couple will visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia and St Vincent and the Grenadines to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee and drum up support for the monarchy. Despite the reception of William and Kate’s Royal tour in some areas, Prince Edward and Sophie remain set on undertaking their tour. Mr Schiffer, who is Chairman of Reputation Management Consultants, claims not expecting their tour to be met with some criticism, in the same way as William and Kate’s, is “stone-cold crazy”. He told Express.co.uk that such controversy would see the monarchy’s image being impacted, but that the Firm will be able to weather the storm. Mr Schiffer said: “Sophie and Edward will be the face of the monarchy as its reputation is dragged across the Caribbean asphalt from a moving car. “The couple must prepare for incoming missiles like Prince William and Kate faced because to think it won't happen is stone-cold crazy. READ MORE: Investigation launched after sensitive information about Queen leaked “The last thing Edward and Sophie want is to represent the monarchy during renewed attacks spewing historical hate. “The impact of renewed attacks won't inflict damage that rises to a dangerous enough level to the monarchy's reputation. “The response, likely to be managed well by Buckingham Palace, could serve the monarchy.” During Kate and William’s trip, both Jamaica and Belize also warned they are planning to remove the Queen as their Head of State, and forge ahead to become a republic. DON'T MISS Prince Harry 'not marrying' Meghan Markle debunked as expert weighs in [REVEAL]Meghan Markle 'likely to raise eyebrows' with new legal move - expert [ANALYSIS] Harry and Meghan have 'no room to heal' relationship with Royal Family [INSIGHT] The pair encountered further scrutiny for standing on the back of a white Land Rover, similar to the one Her Majesty and the Duke of Edinburgh used during a trip in the 1960s. This move, which took place during their final engagement in Jamaica, was deemed controversial by some commentators and critics, who claimed it echoed Britain's colonial past. Last year Charles Fernandez, the tourism minister for Antigua and Barbuda, called to become a republic “as soon as possible”. He added: “We have to get past the final chapter of a tie to a country that had our people in slavery.” If the regions do decide to sever ties with the monarchy and become a republic, they would follow in the footsteps of Barbados which transitioned to its new constitutional status in November. Heir to the throne Prince Charles was on hand to witness the transition and saw Dame Sandra Mason being sworn in as president by the chief justice at a ceremony in Bridgetown at the time. He said in a speech at the time: “The creation of this republic offers a new beginning. “From the darkest days of our past and the appalling atrocity of slavery, which forever stains our history, people of this island forged their path with extraordinary fortitude.”