78-year-old musical legend Joni Mitchell suffered a brain aneurysm seven years ago and initially struggled to walk, prompting fears she would never return to the stage again. However, she didn't let mobility issues stop her last night, as she made a show-stopping entrance at the 2022 Grammy Awards in Las Vegas. The determined star took to the red carpet with the help of a cane. Not only did she accept an award for Best Historical Album, but she also took to the stage with her friend Bonnie Raitt to announce Brandi Carlile's performance. All eyes were on Joni's eclectic outfit, as she paired wide leg floral print trousers and a matching pleated blouse with a long and flowing floor-length white coat. She added a splash of colour to proceedings via her deep burgundy shoes. READ NOW: Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress She accessorised in the same shade with a red hat and necklace, which attracted admiring glances from her peers. Meanwhile, not to be outdone by her fellow guests, she wore her long blonde hair in a pair of wavy cascading pigtails. When she suffered her aneurysm back in 2015, there had been fears that she would never walk again, let alone perform, but she put in a spectacular show yesterday. Plus, contrary to any expectations that might have been created by the title of her legendary 1971 album Blue, the Both Sides, Now hitmaker incorporated nothing but warm red tones into her chic colour scheme for the event. The performer was on top form when she collected an award for Best Historical Album for Joni Mitchell Archives, Vol. 1: The Early Years (1963-1967). The album had been an opportunity for devotees to get to know her better, featuring 29 previously unreleased songs, plus a 40-page booklet with some never before seen photos. It also included an in-depth interview with her conducted by the journalist and filmmaker Cameron Crowe, who she described in her acceptance speech as a "dear friend". "Much thanks to the Academy for this nomination and for this win," she exclaimed jubilantly, adding: "I didn’t expect this!" DON'T MISS... Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap [DEBATE] Joan Collins has not had surgery as star rejects Jane Seymour's remark [UPDATE] Naga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress [LATEST] She was sure to also name-check her physical therapist Sultoon, who she described as her "angel". In the short, yet humble, speech, she credited her "dream team" for helping her to become who she is today. Though her comments were brief, fans were delighted to catch a rare public glimpse of the star after her health condition had caused her to take a break from the spotlight. Joni took a wheelchair to aid her during the ceremony, but abandoned it when it came to walking down the red carpet, and she appeared to remain upbeat and happy throughout. Earlier this week, she attended another performance in Las Vegas, the MusiCares gala, where she was honoured with the Person Of The Year award. Meanwhile, she gave Brandi Carlile her blessing by co-announcing her Grammys performance. Brandi had previously covered the album Blue in its entirety as a tribute act.