The Conservative MP for Plymouth Moor View, 40, travels to the front line in the war in Ukraine in a new documentary shown this afternoon. Channel 4’s ‘Ukraine: On the Front Line with Johnny Mercer’ sees the soldier-turned-politician experience Russia’s invasion of the country first-hand. In the 30-minute film, part of the ‘Dispatches’ series, Mr Mercer travels from Kraków in Poland to the Ukrainian city of Lviv. The ex-veterans minister, who resigned last year, also goes to Kyiv, where Russian troops have advanced on the suburbs of the capital and shelled the city centre. The Tory MP spent a week in Ukraine with explorer and veteran Levison Wood, and director Neil Bonner. The trio were invited on the trip by Ukrainian MPs to highlight the stark realities of the war, offer their support and help tell the stories of the millions of citizens forced from their homes. Johnny said: “I want this film to communicate the amazing resilience and bravery of the people we met in Kyiv. “I hope it will help my colleagues and the British public make the right decisions about how we can all support Ukraine to get through this conflict, which is our generation’s righteous fight.” JUST IN: Russian conscripts unleash fury over ‘80-year-old’ rifles - ‘They don’t f***ing fire!’ Mr Mercer has already experienced the horrors of war during his own military career with the British Army. The ex-squaddie is known today for stubbornly advocating for veterans’ rights and those of his constituents. But before winning his Plymouth seat for the Tories in 2015, he spent 12 years in the armed forces. His career started with a stint in the City of London before he graduated from the Royal Military Academy, Sandhurst, in June 2003. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Royal Artillery before being promoted to lieutenant in April 2005. Mr Mercer mostly served with the 29th Commando Regiment Royal Artillery and third Regiment Royal Horse Artillery. He completed three tours of Afghanistan as a liaison and training officer with the Afghan forces. The MP was with a special forces unit and oversaw artillery and air strikes to support troops on the ground. He opened up about his time in Afghanistan in his 2017 memoir, ‘We Were Warriors: A Powerful and Moving Story of Courage Under Fire’. The former soldier gave a gripping account of his time in Afghanistan after British and American forces invaded the middle eastern country to topple the Taliban in 2001. DON'T MISS: Putin humiliation as Russian troops are ‘switching sides’ to join Ukraine's forces [LATEST]Royal POLL: Should Queen take a backseat to Charles after Prince Andrew decision? [INSIGHT]Queen's eerie doomsday speech for breakout of nuclear war unearthed [ANALYSIS] Mr Mercer wrote about his and his colleagues’ bloody fight with militants of the fundamentalist group, which regained control of Afghanistan last year. The MP included incredibly personal details about the death of his close friend Lance Bombardier Mark Chandler. The soldier was shot in the face next to Mr Mercer during his third tour of Afghanistan in 2010. Mark’s death “stung” Mr Mercer, who revealed in a Twitter post last year how his friend “died in his arms”. Mr Mercer retired from the military in December 2013 with the rank of captain. After more than three years as an MP, Mr Mercer won Channel 4 reality show ‘Celebrity Hunted’ in November 2018. Last April, he resigned from Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s Cabinet as veterans minister over a new piece of legislation after claiming he was sacked by text. The politician was angry that the Overseas Operations (Service Personnel and Veterans) Bill did not extend to protect veterans who fought in the Troubles in Northern Ireland. ‘Ukraine: On the Front Line with Johnny Mercer’ airs on Channel 4 this afternoon from 5:30pm.