Michael Finnerty, 68, has been left without transport despite ordering the Discovery Sport in March 2021. The pensioner put down a £1,000 deposit but he has not been given a build date yet, due to a global semiconductor shortage. Michael, of Sheldon, Birmingham, has had to walk his grandchildren to school, often in the rain, in the past year, and has had to hire vehicles for holidays. The granddad of five even worked at a senior level for Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) for decades and ordered the vehicle through the employee purchase scheme. Speaking to Birmingham Live today, Michael said: "The contract was signed, the order was put in (but) I haven't received my car. After 20 years of service to the company, loyal service I might add, they are not looking after me. All I'm asking for is a build date. "I imagine people who need a car would have cancelled the order. You can't wait and be without a car for 12 months if you are working."  Michael, who was a production supervisor with the automobile company, was baffled when his order was cancelled and changed multiple times last year. He first wanted a 2021 plate Land Rover Discovery Sport petrol. Then, in July, he claims he was told JLR had cancelled the order and offered him a 2022 model. While he agreed to pay a similar price for the newer model, the dad claims he was then told the car had been "taken off the employee purchase scheme with only the diesel model available". It comes amid a global semiconductor computer chip shortage that started during the pandemic. Jaguar Land Rover says the crisis has hit sales and warned customers they will have to wait longer for new cars to arrive. A JLR spokesman said: "Like other automotive manufacturers, we are currently experiencing some continued supply chain disruption, including the global availability of semi-conductors, which is having an impact on our production schedules and our ability to meet global demand for some of our vehicles. We sympathise and will be in contact with Mr Finnerty and are working hard to minimise the impact on customer orders wherever possible."