For the first time since comparable records began in 1997, the UK spends more importing goods globally than it does from the EU. Jacob Rees-Mogg has, possibly in reaction to this news, announced another delay to post-Brexit import controls. According to analysis from the Centre for Economic Performance, trading was hit with a “substantial reorientation” after the introduction of the UK-EU Trade and Co-operation Agreement (TCA) at the start of 2021. It wrote that the agreement “led to a sudden and persistent 25 percent fall in relative UK imports from the EU.” UK exports to the EU also saw a small drop. Meanwhile, imports from the rest of the world to the UK have increased by almost 13 percent, or about £28bn. During an analysis of Mr Rees-Mogg’s decision the BBC's Faisal Islam stated: “The pattern of trade in the first year outside the single market has shown that although UK exporters missed out on a global trade rebound boom, EU exports to the UK were hit more, despite the relative lack of red tape that way.” The decision to delay the import controls again, says Mr Rees-Mogg, will save British businesses £1 billion in annual costs. In a statement, he said “it would be wrong to impose new administrative burdens and risk disruption at ports and to supply chains” during a cost of living crisis. Mr Islam added that as the new border is being aimed to be introduced by the “end of 2023”, this “calls into question whether this will be seen this side of a general election”. There are concerns for industry leaders caused by Mr Rees-Mogg’s announcement to delay new import controls. Mr Islam said: “Ports say they ‘wasted money time and effort’ on £100m worth of new border facilities for July for ‘what we fear will be highly bespoke white elephants’ and asks Government for investments ‘made in good faith’ to be recovered. A white elephant refers to an investment whose upkeep is not justified by its usefulness. READ MORE: Steve Coogan’s Scottish Independence U-turn laid bare [REVEAL] Furthermore, the decision may harm UK exporters who still rely heavily on delivering to the EU and still face the bloc’s full import regime admin, while EU firms are still receiving free access to the UK. The specific controls no longer being introduced in July this year, following Mr Rees-Mogg’s announcement, include moving sanitary checks on EU imports to the border control post, rather than at their destination. It also means there will not be a requirement for safety and security declarations on EU imports, or any need for health certifications. In his analysis Mr Islam added, however, that the UK’s unwillingness to give up the import of EU perishable goods during a cost of living crisis brings into question its “stomach for a trade war over the Northern Ireland protocol”. The Prime Minister’s proposed changes to the NI Protocol would give the Government unilateral powers to suspend border checks on goods entering Northern Ireland from Great Britain under UK law. DON'T MISS: US Air Force Osprey spotted flying over England [REVEAL]'Anti-Brexit' Joe Biden 'eating his words' as Boris 'puts US to shame' [INSIGHT]Conservative MP left speechless by Labour council’s £27k EU flag bill  [ANALYSIS] However, Mr Johnson has been warned that legislation to scrap elements of the Brexit deal would enrage Brussels and Washington and undermine their relationship with Britain. The PM said: “This is something that has been a consistent issue for the UK Government and I think it's very simple. "It's about the balance of the Good Friday Agreement and because of what is happening, it would be fair to say, that the protocol really does not command the confidence of a large component of the population in Northern Ireland. "We have to address that, we have to fix that." Asked if that could include new legislation, he replied: "Of course. That goes without saying."