As well as providing support to Royal Family, especially for her husband and the Queen, Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge has, in recent years, taken more of a forefront as one of the senior royals within the family and attends various engagements. In June 2021, she attended a White House interview with the current US President's wife, Jill Biden. Royal reporter Richard Palmer claims that, as a royal correspondent, one of the rules of engagement is that "you don't ask questions" and this was a rule that went amiss at this particular event as the Duchess was left "squirming" after the engagement was "turned it into a press conference" Speaking to Pandora Forsyth on the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, Mr Palmer said: "It is always a really tricky area as a royal correspondent if you are covering one of their royal engagements. "You are always dying to ask questions or whatever but the rules of engagement are that you don't ask questions. "Occasionally, in fact quite often, there are sort of 'off the cuff' remarks and a bit of banter between members of the Royal Family, but you are not supposed to turn it into a question and answer session". Mr Palmer referred to a "hilarious" moment at the White House press call. READ MORE: Princess Anne reveals pregnancy horror after accident left her fearing baby was 'WEDGED' He said: "When I was down there, covering Kate with Jill Biden during the G7 Summit. "That was quite interesting to see the Duchess squirming as the White House press call turned it into a press conference". Channel 5 earlier this year aired a royal documentary, Kate: Our Queen in Waiting, which discussed the life, past, present, and future, of the Duchess. The documentary highlighted Kate’s "calm" handling of the press, particularly during a highly-publicised tour of Pakistan in 2019. READ MORE: 'Going nowhere' Meghan and Harry 'completely underestimated' life without royal platform Narrator David Riley said of the Duchess: “Kate’s stoical attitude towards the press mirrors that of the Queen herself. “It’s felt by many to be the appropriate royal response." Speaking in the documentary, royal author Tom Quinn described the Duchess as "very calm, very rational”. DON'T MISS Kate has become a key support for the Monarch over the past few years, particularly since Megxit and the global pandemic. With the continuous split opinions of Camilla and the exit of Meghan Markle, Kate is prepared to become the main female power force of the Royal Family. On April 27, 2022, the Duchess attended her first joint engagement with Princess Anne. The pair spoke to maternity experts on a visit to the new headquarters of the Royal College for Obstetrics and Gynaecology, of whom Kate is a patron.