The climax of the 2022 Masters is upon us, with Scottie Scheffler in the driving seat to win a green jacket for the first time. The newly-crowned world number one has a three-shot cushion heading into the final day's play, and looks to be favourite to still be at the top of the standings by the time the final ball has been holed. The American built on a solid opening round by really taking control of proceedings on Friday, before keeping his competitors at arm's length on day three. A brilliant Saturday from the equally in-form Cameron Smith has kept things interesting, though. The Australian shot an impressive four-under-par 68 to move to -6 for the tournament. Day one leader Im Sung-jae is still in the running at -4, but will need a stunning final round if he is to join that elite club of Masters champions. Any of those three would be first-time winners at Augusta, and would have the honour of being draped with their very own green jacket at the end of Sunday's play. They would also earn a handsome payday, with a hefty prize fund on offer for the top player over the course of the four days. JUST IN: Tiger Woods hobbles out of interview after 'awful' Masters round The Masters has never had such a large tournament purse on offer as it does this year. A total of £11.5m will be paid out to the field this weekend, a major increase on the just under £9m on offer in 2021. That larger cash pot is in line with other major competitions, all of which are increasing the amount of prize money on offer – in part to appease those players who may have been tempted by the breakaway Saudi-backed Golf Super League. As well as his green jacket, the 2021 champion Hideki Matsuyama became £1.59m richer. This year, the man who finishes at the top of the standings will earn a cool £2.07m for their efforts. DON'T MISS:Scheffler says wife Meredith ‘knows how hard’ defeats can beMcIlroy Masters dreams further away than everCink records Masters hole-in-one on iconic par-3 16th at Augusta That proportion of the total prize fund would be 18%, which remains roughly in line with the winner's share from Masters tournaments of the past. The second-placed player will also become a millionaire for their efforts, while there are also handsome sums on offer for everyone else who made the cut. Here is the cash split for the top 10 finishers at this year's Masters: