The man, who goes by the username imahays, took to Reddit to share his experience. He said that his apartment block has been plagued by bad parking issues for more than a year. The man wrote on Reddit: "By bad I mean there are parking spaces free but yet they park behind parked cars and block the road because our streets are narrow, or they park in paid parking spaces and they don't have a tag. "There is barely enough room to fit through and it is right beside our dumpster that sticks out as well and it is impossible to see around because we live in a circle." He added that drivers “fly around the corner all the time” and have almost hit him and his fiancée. The disgruntled man continued: "The other issue is that now that it is getting warmer, we have a park in our circle and kids are starting to go out and use it more. READ MORE: Drivers could use electric cars to power their homes "I am afraid for them more than myself." With the issue not being resolved, the tenant decided to take matters into his own hands. He claimed that he called a towing firm to get the cars removed. The man said: “Our apartment sent an email a month or so ago that has allowed us to call outside of our office hours because it has gotten so bad. DON'T MISS British drivers warned of busiest Easter on UK roads in eight years [WARNING] UK hit with more fuel shortages as drivers queue for diesel and petrol [INSIGHT] Cost of living crisis threatens road safety [REVEAL] "So I called back this morning and had no issues getting a truck out. "I don't know who the people whose cars they are, nor the people who actually live there, but it is the apartment next to me, and they have cars parked on the road all week long. "I have just had it. I don't feel bad, but my fiancée thinks I went too far. So am I the a**?" Several Reddit users have backed the man’s move. One posted: "If they’re not parked legally, then towing them is not inappropriate." Another wrote: "These are selfish a*** who don't care about the hazard they are creating. F*** 'em." A third said: "If they are parked illegally, or not following designated parking areas, then you're perfectly within your rights to call for a tow." The news comes days after a furious father, who had to park his BMW four doors away from his house as football supporters had left their cars outside his home, has been fined £85. A traffic warden slapped Danny Wilson's car with the ticket, even though he was unable to park in his usual spot outside his property in Fenton, Stoke-on-Trent. It was so busy because Stoke City FC were playing Blackpool in the EFL Championship at the nearby bet365 Stadium. Mr Wilson, who has lived on the street for eight years, is calling on his council to make the road permit-parking only on Stoke City matchdays. The 46-year-old dad has appealed his fine. Speaking to Stoke-on-Trent Live, Mr Wilson said: "I was furious. Normally it’s a nice and quiet road. “Whenever Stoke are playing at home it’s a nightmare and dangerous. “They are parking everywhere. “They have got no respect and are parked on the corners everywhere and I’ve never seen a ticket on their cars.” Mr Wilson added: "I went around the block four times and there was nowhere close where I could park. “I’ve got a nice BMW and I’m not going to have it damaged because Stoke are playing. “I suffer from severe arthritis in my hip and I can’t walk great distances because it does cause a lot of pain. “The whole area was rammed."