Far from taking back control, we have a situation that is out of control.  As Priti Patel, the Home Secretary, was in Rwanda seeking an expensive but important deal with the government there, the Prime Minister was in Lidd, Kent on Thursday. He spoke of three new proposals that his government was launching to solve the Channel crisis. To begin, the Royal Navy would now police the Channel to prevent migrant boats landing on our beaches. Then those migrants that are picked up will either go to a new large holding facility at Linton-on-Ouse in North Yorkshire or be flown to Rwanda. It was a bitter irony that as he spoke, a dinghy land on the beach just a few miles away and the overworked dungeon RNLI lifeboat broke down. Many people that I spoke to on the South coast that day said at least they are doing something, but I can only raise half a cheer. The proposals do show that the Government finally gets the gravity of the situation, but I don't think that any of it will work. Five new Royal Navy vessels are now in action in the Channel. On their first day, 562 people were taken into Border Force facilities in Dover, bringing the military in is supposed to be a strong signal to the British public that we are now getting tough. However, it is disappointing to report that after two days of operations there is a fatal floor. The gun whales or sides of the boats are too high to take migrants off their inflatables. So already the Navy has been reduced to picking up and towing back to Dover empty dinghies after the RNLI had picked up the human cargo - hardly a great start. The new accommodation facility at RAF Linton Linton-on-Ouse in North Yorkshire is a good idea. As I've covered this story over the last few years, I see more public anger at the housing of those that land in Kent in 4-star hotels than any other issue. The cost to the taxpayer is now an unpalatable £5 million a day. With crossings now running at three times the rate of 2021, it is reasonable to think that 75,000 or so will cross to the UK this year. I'm sorry to say that just one RAF base will be wholly insufficient.  That said, the idea is better than the current arrangements. But the big one is the plan to send young single men to Rwanda. If it were to actually happen, it would be a big disincentive to those considering paying criminal traffickers up to €5,000 to make the trip. The howls of protest from the open border modern-day Marxists were entirely predictable. Tory Remainers are in revolt too. On the face of it, the plan is bold and Priti Patel has worked on this for many months. But will it actually happen? I'm sorry to say that I don't believe it will as there are two legal stumbling blocks. The first is that we are still signed up to the European Convention on Human Rights that is now in parallel with UK law via the Human rights act. Under this law, it is difficult to even deport terrorists let alone those crossing the Channel. The second is the 1951 refugee convention which whilst intentioned was designed for a very different time. Lawyers would have a field day in preventing flights on the grounds of abuse in Rwanda, whether it's real or not. Whilst the toughening of the government stance is important, we need Brexit to be completed. We must be free of European rules to really take back control of our borders. We have to redefine what a refugee is - as the UN's own UNHCR body says there are currently 80 million people in the world who qualify! We have always been a compassionate country. Indeed, in the last year, we have taken refugees from Hong Kong, Afghanistan and Ukraine. If we stop the Channel trade, we will also stop people drowning but there is a limit to our generosity. Boris Johnson spoke to this on Thursday. Now he must deliver.