Ramadan is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar which marks a holy period for Muslims across the globe. The exact date of Ramadan changes each year as the calendar is based on the cycles of the moon, but when exactly will it begin in 2022? Express.co.uk reveals the Ramadan 2022 timetable - including everything from prayer times, to the first Iftar. The beginning of Ramadan is determined by the sighting of the new moon by Saudi Arabia’s moon sighting committe. Each year the group, which is made up of astronomers, court officials, and experts from the country’s Islamic authorities, gather to look for the crescent moon. If the moon is spotted, Ramadan is confirmed to begin the following day. This year, the holy month will begin on Saturday, April 2. READ MORE: Ramadan Mubarak: What does Ramadan Mubarak mean and how do you reply? Ramadan lasts for between 29 and 30 days, and is used as a time for Muslims to focus on prayer and charitable work, while making sacrifices during the fasting period. This year, Ramadan will end on Sunday, May 1 and will be celebrated with Eid al-Fitr (Festival of Breaking the Fast) the following day. As one of the five pillars of Islam - along with faith, prayer, charity and the pilgrimage - Ramadan commemorates the Quran first being revealed to the Prophet Muhammad. This moment is viewed as sacred, which is why Muslims honour the event with abstinence between sunrise and sunset. During the month of Ramadan, “suhoor” and “iftar” are the only two meals eaten each day, meaning Muslims who take part in the fast are not allowed to eat or drink between these two meals. Suhoor is the meal eaten before sunrise and iftar is consumed after the sun has set, but the timings change throughout the holy month. This means that the time of the first and last meal of the day will gradually grow further apart in the UK as days grow longer throughout April. According to the Almanac, fasting begins at dawn the following day after Ramadan starts, so Muslims will begin fasting from dawn on Sunday, April 3 this year. DON'T MISS:New social media scam offers free Cadbury's chocolate - beware [INSIGHT]Ramadan crescent moon sighting: What does it mean? [REVEAL]Ramadan 2022 full guide: Key dates, fasting guidance and teachings [ANALYSIS] Iftar is the meal eaten in the evening after the sun has set and is used to mark the end of the day’s fast. The evening meal is always accompanied by the Maghrib (sunset) prayer, but when will the first iftar of 2022 take place? Depending on your geographical location in the UK, the exact time of the first iftar will differ across the country, but it will always take place on the first day of Ramadan. In Newcastle, the first iftar will take place at 7.45pm on Saturday, April 2, but it will happen one minute later in Birmingham, at 7.46pm. According to the Central London Mosque, England’s capital city will begin the first iftar at the earlier time of 7.38pm. Throughout Ramadan, the sunrise will take place earlier in the morning while the sunset will happen later in the evening. Muslims who observe the Islamic festival will fast for anywhere between 11 and 16 hours per day throughout the holy month of Ramadan, though this period will increase everyday for those fasting in the UK. For most Muslims, a day during Ramadan is broken up by two main meals and four prayers: Based on the Central London Mosque’s Ramadan timetable, Muslims who live in the capital city will commemorate the festival based on the following timings of sunrise and sunset: According to the charity, Muslim Hands, these are the UK variations relative to the above London timetable: