Max Verstappen has warned he is not comfortable in his Red Bull car as he was behind the Ferrari of Charles Leclerc in qualifying. Verstappen claimed he has not felt good all weekend and said he had been “all over the place”.  He said: “Not good, I didn't really feel good in the car all weekend. I don't think there's been one lap where I've felt good in the car. We'll try to analyse it. This weekend has been all over the place. Happy to be second, but as a team we want more.” Verstappen was on provisional pole after bettering his previous time on his final lap. However, Leclerc stole it just seconds later on his final run, bettering the Dutchman by a couple of tenths. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton complains about Max Verstappen over team radio It’s Leclerc’s second pole position of 2022 and his third front row start from three races as Ferrari’s strong start continues. The Monegasque said: "It felt good! Even more because it's a track where I've always struggled in the past, in Q3 I managed to put everything together so it feels great, very happy. "The car is nice to drive, everything is possible tomorrow. We need a good start!" Red Bull’s Sergio Perez lines up behind Max in third but faces a trip to the stewards over fears he did not slow for yellow flags." DON'T MISSFIA take aim at Verstappen with Red Bull ace forced to change tactics [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton told he 'should have retired' as bleak prediction made [ANALYSIS]Button on row with Hamilton: 'Being weird' [COMMENT] Meanwhile, Ferrari's Carlos Sainz is down in ninth for tomorrow's race. The Spaniard ran wide on the exit of turn 10 on his final qualifying run to deny him a chance of pole. Earlier in the session, Verstappen was involved in an incident with rival Lewis Hamilton in Q2 with the pair almost coming together. Hamilton was on his hot lap when he came across a slow-moving Verstappen on the back straight. The seven-time champion moaned over the team radio claiming the Dutchman had blocked him. He said: “I had a problem. The Red Bull was in the way.” Verstappen was shocked at learning he may have blocked Hamilton, asking his race engineer whether he was “on a lap”. The reigning champion then swore when Gianpiero Lambiase confirmed that he was. It means the race stewards may decide to look into the incident after a series of similar incidents across the grid all weekend.