Anna Bonner, 40, asked Susan Hughes for vast sums of money which she said was supporting a sick friend’s cancer treatment but which was actually being used to support her own lifestyle. A court heard Bonner even encouraged a crush Ms Hughes had on the man, whom she only met a few times, getting her to write letters and send gifts she believed were going to him but were actually being stolen by Bonner. The mum of three admitted fraud by false representation and was jailed for 28 months today at Liverpool Crown Court. Sentencing Bonner, Judge Brandon said: "This was a mean and nasty offence committed by a greedy, devious and manipulative woman. You have not repaid a penny and you have destroyed a friendship. "It is regrettable that you did not consider the impact on them before you committed these offences." The judge was told the defendant became friends with Ms Hughes in 1999 after meeting through their jobs at a care home. She said they quickly formed a close bond, going on holidays together and even living together for a period. Bonner even had Ms Hughes as her chief bridesmaid at her wedding and the two regularly went on nights out together, Liverpool Echo reports. It was one of these nights out that provided Bonner with the basis for a fraud which ended up lasting for years. The two women would frequently go to RJ’s, a club in New Brighton, Merseyside, and Ms Hughes would speak to a bouncer who she was romantically interested in there. Bonner told her he was her uncle and, in 2015, told Ms Hughes that he had gone to prison and was being tormented for the clothes he was wearing. She asked Ms Hughes for some money to help him, which Ms Hughes provided. Her lies snowballed as she later told her best friend the man, who she said was called "Ste Lucas", had been diagnosed with testicular cancer and needed experimental treatment that could only be provided in the USA. Ms Hughes began handing over money, sometimes up to £3,000 in a single month, to Bonner in the belief it was supporting the man’s medical treatment. Bonner, of Wallasey, Merseyside, kept this money for herself, while also encouraging Ms Hughes to send letters, cards and gifts to the man. The court heard Bonner kept some of these herself. When police started to investigate Bonner's fraud, in 2020 they tried to contact ‘Ste Lucas’ but he was never found. Ms Hughes sent just over £117,000 to Bonner's accounts during the five year period her best friend duped her.  Charlotte Atherton, prosecuting, said: "The defendant deliberately misled Ms Hughes into thinking that she was communicating with Ste and providing money for his medical rehabilitation when in fact the defendant was the one taking money for herself. The defendant used pressure techniques, applying deadlines to the payments of funds and used emotional pressure to suggest Ms Hughes may have a future with Ste if she paid over the money." She said Ms Hughes had to leave her job as a mental health nurse as a result of what Bonner had done to her and was now in crippling debt. Her credit rating is in tatters and she has had to move back in with her parents. Trevor Parry-Jones, defending, said Bonner was remorseful and ashamed of what she had done but said probation officers had struggled even now to figure out what exactly motivated her. He said: "It is in one way bizarre that she became involved in this, particularly in relation to somebody who she considered, and who considered her, to be a friend." Mr Parry-Jones had appealed to the judge, Louise Brandon, to hand Bonner a suspended sentence if possible, saying she had caring responsibilities for her family. Bonner has a one-year-old child and a 15-year-old who is disabled and requires care. 