Brooklyn Beckham, 23, had a fun-filled day on Tuesday as he bonded with his wife Nicola Peltz’s best friend Angela, after the pair met for the first time in a very last minute chat just days before the couple's wedding. Brooklyn and Angela could be seen sitting in the photographer’s new £383,502 vintage electric Jaguar in a post shared by Nicola on Instagram. The billionaire heiress uploaded a snap of her husband and best friend smiling as they looked back at her. In view of her 2.5 million followers, Nicola captioned the post: “My king and queen @theduchess1227 @brooklynpeltzbeckham” It comes after Nicola confirmed Brooklyn had "finally" met her best friend just last week, alongside a sweet snap of them cuddling, which was captioned: "My angels have finally met." The car is said to have been a wedding present from David Beckham to his eldest son. The former footballer was seen arriving at the venue on the big day in the same vintage model alongside his wife, Victoria, 47. Nicola and Brooklyn were photographed cruising in the car following their wedding brunch on Sunday. The vehicle - a light blue electric 1954 Jaguar - is said to cost around £350,000, The Mirror reported. Nicola and Brooklyn exchanged vows beneath a flower garland adorned chuppah in honour of Nicola's Jewish heritage. The lavish ceremony took place at the bride’s father Nelson Peltz's £58 million property in Palm Beach, Florida. Ahead of the ceremony, the oceanfront garden of the compound was prepped with three large marquees. In a romantic gesture, Brooklyn adopted his wife’s surname as his middle name. A source explained that the symbolic act signalled Brooklyn’s commitment to Nicola. DON'T MISS...Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan 'struggling' on how Boris Johnson can survive after fine [ANALYSIS]Gilbert Gottfriend dies aged 67 following a 'long illness' [LATEST] “Brooklyn is head over heels for Nicola - it’s a huge sign of his commitment to her, and his love for her,” an insider told The Sun. Following their wedding, the happy couple changed their usernames on Instagram to reflect their new relationship status. Nicola will now go by Nicola Anne Peltz Beckham. The pair confirmed their new names by posting a black and white photo from their special night. The snap showed Nicola in her wedding dress and Brooklyn wearing his tuxedo during the event. “Mr. & Mrs. Peltz Beckham,” the pair captioned the photograph. Brooklyn later uploaded a picture of Nicola showing off the full length of her elegant wedding dress. “My beautiful bride,” Brooklyn captioned the post with two red love heart emojis.