Megan Cusack is one of the newest additions to BBC One's historical drama, Call The Midwife. The actress, who comes from a large family of famous faces, plays newly-qualified nurse and midwife, Nancy Corrigan. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the TV actress, including her age. Nancy Corrigan quickly became a fan-favourite in Call The Midwife as she provided a breath of fresh air at Nonnatus House. The quirky and upbeat nurse and midwife has been through a lot since she moved to Poplar. Fans discovered she had a daughter when she was a teenager, and she has seen some harrowing incidents on her shifts. Actress Cusack was well-known by viewers before making her appearance as Nancy as many of her family members are famous TV and film stars. The Irish actress was born in Cork in May 1996. READ MORE: Stephen McGann children: Does the Call The Midwife star have kids? Judging by her birthday, the actress is 26 years old. She was brought up outside Skibbereen, West Cork on the Ilen River. The actress is the granddaughter of actors Cyril and Maureen Cusack. She is also the daughter of producer Pádraig Cusack. The star's famous connections do not stop there as she is also a niece to a number of celebrity aunties. Actresses Sinéad, Sorcha, Niamh and Catherine are part of the Cusack family. Megan's first theatrical role was in 2019, starring in The Country Girls. She had known she wanted to be an actress since she was nine years old. Before Call The Midwife, she had small roles in The Cherry Orchard and Doctors. Megan blew everyone away with her performance as Nancy Corrigan and she was named as one of the top 10 Period Drama Actresses in 2021 for the role. DON'T MISS...Jenny Agutter age: How old is the Call The Midwife actress? [INSIGHT] Olly Rix wife: Is the Call The Midwife star married? [EXPLAINER] Laura Main age: How old is the Call The Midwife actress? [INSIGHT] She recently opened up about filming for the 12th season of the historical drama. Speaking to Radio Times she said: "It's coming very soon, we're just really excited to get together with everyone again because everyone's so lovely. "It's like a family. The crew are great. It's great craic. "It’s that weird time in between where you’re like, ‘I’d actually just like to be with everyone still!'" Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the actress in her latest role. @kevwgs said: "Megan Cusack as Nancy has been an absolutely amazing addition to #CallTheMidwife." @JustAiryThings said after one episode: "Tonight's #CallTheMidwife really had Megan Cusack shining as Nurse Corrigan." @Trinity87612520 shared: "@MeganCusack is as good an actress as her Aunts. Loving Nancy and her cute little Girl. #CallTheMidwife."  Call The Midwife is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Season 11 is airing on PBS in the US.