Rose Leslie became a household name after starring as the beloved Ygritte on HBO’s fantasy drama series, Game of Thrones. While promoting her new upcoming series, The Time Traveler’s Wife, the actress opened up about the struggles of being a working mother,  Ygritte was introduced to fans in season two as a quick-witted and courageous warrior woman who lived north of the wall. She took pride in being unlike the other women and valued her status as a free woman who was also very skilled in archery. Throughout the season, fans watched in awe as her romance with Jon Snow (played by Kit Harrington) began to blossom. This also happened to be the case behind the scenes. as the two actors who met on set began dating and eventually got married in 2018. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy Gracing the June cover of Harper's Bazaar magazine, Leslie opened up about her upcoming show as well as being a new mother. Over Valentine's weekend in 2021, the actress reportedly gave birth to the couple’s first child, a son. This was also around the time she began filming for The Traveler’s Wife’ her upcoming HBO series. During her interview for the publication, Leslie opened up about some challenges she faced and revealed going back to work as a new mother was “brutal.” She stated: “I remember finding it very brutal, being wrenched away from him. “There were parts of me that doubted whether I would be able to see it through for six months, it was so tough.” Leslie went on to discuss the lack of support offered to women during this time and labelled it “mind-boggling” “It’s mind-boggling to me that women who come back to work after giving birth don’t feel supported.” DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [INSIGHT]Game of Thrones’ Rose Leslie refuses to 'nanny' husband Kit Harington [INSIGHT]Game of Thrones House of the Dragon release date, trailer, cast [INSIGHT] She added: “How can your employer expect you to sustain the mental capacity, the energy and the drive to do it with clout otherwise?” Due to her schedule and commitments to filming, thankfully Leslie could rely on Harrington to care for their baby, who she said “wore the Baby Björn loud and proud.” The 35-year-old also praised Harrington, who took over at night to ensure she was well-rested on set the next morning. She explained: “There were many satisfying moments; we had an understanding that, when our son cried in the middle of the night, it was on Kit to go and look after him, as I would have to wake up early to work – it was kind of glorious.” Speaking more on her relationship with her son, Leslie disclosed the early days of motherhood and the pressures of bonding. “When my son was born, the narrative seemed to be that you’re automatically going to be enamoured with this little person. “But why should that be the case when you have never experienced having a child? Why should it come innately? “There’s an element of me saying, ‘Hey, buddy, we’re here now. It’s amazing. But I’ve got to get to know you, and forge the relationship that’s going to see us through our lifetime’.” She added: “It’s something my husband also found. Once we recognised that the love gets built rather than being 100 percent there from the start, once we voiced that opinion to each other, it felt like a real release.” The June issue of Harper's Bazaar UK is on sale from May 4. 