 Emmanuel Petit is in agreement with Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta that new players are required for progress to be built upon at the Emirates after the Spaniard appeared to ask for seven new additions this summer. The Gunners bounced back from a woeful start in the Premier League to put themselves right in contention for Champions League qualification.  However, damaging back-to-back defeats to Crystal Palace and Brighton have punctured the momentum of Arteta’s side and flying North London rivals Tottenham have stolen a march on the Gunners in the top four race. Regardless of the recent blip, Petit has been impressed with the resurgence under Arteta this season after it once looked as if the Spaniard was clinging onto his job at the Emirates. Arteta invested over £100m this summer with stars including Martin Odegaard, Takehiro Tomiyasu and Aaron Ramsdale forming the cornerstone of a top four challenge alongside academy stars Bukayo Saka, Emile Smith Rowe and Gabriel Martinelli. But Petit, who won the league with the Gunners under Arsene Wenger in 1998, believes significant further investment is needed. The former French midfielder agreed with Arteta after The Sun claimed the 40-year-old has requested seven new signings this summer. Another squad overhaul is expected with several players departing on the expiry of contracts, and Petit has backed the young coach’s judgement. READ MORE: Rudiger names two Real Madrid stars with 'individual class' who killed Chelsea   He told bookmakers.co.uk: “Since Mikel Arteta arrived at Arsenal, he's been steady. He still has a lot to do, but he has done a lot of good things already. He has found his first XI and now the players appear to be a happy group. “They seem to understand the way Arteta is asking them to play, but after the Crystal Palace game I believe he said he wants seven new signings for next season, and I completely agree with him. Arsenal are doing everything they are capable of at the moment. With this team Arteta has some quality, but not enough to compete with Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea. But he cannot perform miracles either.” DON'T MISSPaul Pogba's bumper new Man Utd deal presents huge problem for Klopp and Liverpool [COMMENT]Rafael van der Vaart warns Man Utd players about Erik ten Hag - ‘Get thrown out’[QUOTES]Liverpool have two players at risk of ban in Champions League tie vs Benfica [NEWS]   Arsenal are now three points behind Antonio Conte’s Spurs in the Premier League table after once looking destined for a top four finish. But Petit still believes Arteta can inspire the Gunners to finish ahead of Conte’s men despite a difficult run-in. “The timing of these defeats has been very bad,” he added. “I was very disappointed with how Arsenal played against Crystal Palace, and I was expecting a reaction from the players against Brighton. But Brighton were the best team on the pitch at the Emirates last Saturday. “‘I still believe Arsenal can reach the top four come the end of the season. They have the chance to play Chelsea, Manchester United, West Ham and Tottenham before the end. Arsenal’s best games this season have come against the top teams in the Premier League, so they can do it!” 