Erik ten Hag is hoping that Ajax supporters will forgive him if he decides to leave the club in the near future after holding talks with Manchester United football director John Murtough over the manager's job at Old Trafford. Ten Hag has been identified as one of two standout candidates on United's radar as the Red Devils eye a permanent successor to current interim boss Ralf Rangnick, who is expected to move into a two-year consultancy role at the end of the season. United are yet to make a decision on whether to appoint Ten Hag in advance of next season despite formally interviewing the 52-year-old at the end of last month. The Ajax boss has since refused to rule out the possibility of leaving the Netherlands in search of a new challenge when quizzed on whether he would still be in charge after the summer break by Sport1."My focus is currently only on Ajax, but in football you never know," said Ten Hag. "I don't want to rule anything out. I'm currently employed here at Ajax to perform."With the cup final against Eindhoven, we still have eight finals left, and I need all my energy for that. Anything else would just be a distraction. JUST IN: Chelsea ace Romelu Lukaku ‘wants to return to Inter Milan on loan' "I know that in football everything can change from one day to the next. If at some point I should decide to take the next step, I hope that people here will understand."It remains to be seen whether Ten Hag will eventually swap Ajax for United at the end of the season after emerging as the club's leading candidate in the wake of his recent interview. He went on to insist that he is still happy in his current role at Ajax in spite of the speculation linking him with a move away but again refused to shed any light on whether he will be staying or leaving. "I love being here at Ajax," he added. "I work with very good players that we can develop further. If they implement the match plan, I'll be happy. My players are very clever, it's just fun to work with them."The battle for the United job has recently been centred around Ten Hag and PSG boss Mauricio Pochettino, who is also said to be in the running to succeed Rangnick in the dugout next season. Luis Enrique of Spain has been put forward as another potential option for the Red Devils, although such a move would appear unlikely due to the 51-year-old's international commitments ahead of this year's World Cup. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here