The Duchess of Cambridge is one of the world's best dressed royals, with a timeless and feminine style. The 40-year-old mum-of-three recently wowed during a Caribbean tour. She wore a collection of designer dresses, with some claiming the royal had taken her inspiration for the trip from Queen Elizabeth II's visits to the Caribbean. A celebrity stylist and TV host discussed Kate Middleton's enviable style with Express.co.uk. Karen Williams is a stylist Britons will recognise from her This Morning appearances. She hosted Netflix and Channel 5 makeunder shows 100% Hotter and Celebrity 100% Hotter, and has dressed Beyoncé. READ MORE: The Queen's £66.3million necklace had Kate Middleton 'positively dripping in diamonds' She claimed Kate's style is "consistent" and we are unlikely to see any major changes to her look. As Kate will become a Queen eventually, we can expect her queenly style to reflect her looks as a Duchess. Karen said: "Kate's style has always been quite consistent over the years. "She knows what she likes and what suits her and always strikes a brilliant balance of classic, modern and on trend looks. "I don’t think this will change - I think she’s a natural fashionista." DON'T MISSKate Middleton's style is 'fifty shades of grey' - unlike Grace Kelly [ANALYSIS] Kate's most popular outfit in Caribbean solidified 'status as a style icon' [STYLE] Kate Middleton channels 'Princess Diana's most iconic outfits' [EXPERT] Kate Middleton attended the Service of Thanksgiving for Prince Philip last week. She wore an Alessandra Rich dress, Lock and Company’s Mayer Boater hat and Gianvito Rossi pumps. Fans on Instagram commented on the look in awe. One wrote: "Perfect attire, so very beautiful." Another said: "Oh wow, this is so classy." "Channelling her inner Princess Di. She really is beautiful." During her visit to the Caribbean, Kate wore a £35,000 wardrobe of 16 different looks, averaging at just over £2.1k a look. She wore long-time favourite designers such as Jenny Packham, Jimmy Choo, Alexander McQueen, Emilia Wickstead and Mulberry. She mixed in some more contemporary artisans, such as The Vampire's Wife, Sezane and Emmy London. The Duchess wore a pink dress from The Vampire's Wife in Belize for a reception. Kate's make-up perfectly fit the look. Joy Howieson, founder and CEO of Project Lip, told Express.co.uk: "This look is the standard for Kate. "When a look is so timeless there’s no need to stray away from the fresh skin, smoky eye and a rosy pink lip." She went on: "Kate's used a warm brown for a smoky eye but keeps the look soft by having smudged black kohl across the lids rather than harsh lines. "Her lashes are bold with lashings of black mascara."