Hayley Mills, 75, is known for her roles in The Parent Trap, Pitching In and Pollyanna, but will take on the role of Connie Bertram in Channel 5’s brand new thriller Compulsion. The gripping four-parter follows a paramedic called Jenny Challoner (played by Leanne Best) who after a fatal train crash develops a gambling addiction to try to cope with her PTSD.  Speaking ahead of the series debut, Hayley recalled her early acting career and how making new friends didn’t come easy as a child star who struggled with shyness. Speaking about her female co-stars Leanne and Anna Chancellor, and what it was like working with them the first time, Hayley admitted she hoped they'd collaborate again soon. Hayley began: “This was the first time, and I hope it’s not the last they’re both such good actresses and I loved working with them. “Most actors are very emotionally open and sensitive to each other’s dynamics and want to be inclusive. “When you join a series as I did just for a few days on Compulsion you have to jump right in without having the chance to get to know anybody, so when you find that you’re working with good actors and lovely people like Leanne and Anna it makes it all so much easier." READ MORE:Carole Malone clashes with 15-year-old Stop Oil protester on GB News  She added: “That was more difficult when I was younger because I was crippled with shyness, but as I’ve got older I’ve largely got the better of it, and really you haven’t got time!" The BAFTA-winning actor went on to say: “People who are not in the business always laugh at how we call everyone ‘Darling’ but it’s genuine. "Actors love people, we spend all our lives investigating character emotions and empathising, we’re fascinated by people they’re the material of our trade!” Hayley, who plays a big-time loan shark, described her character as “ruthless” and someone who “can’t empathise with other people’s pain”.  The TV star remarked: “She’s a sociopath but she doesn’t think she is. "Her focus and her motivations are just to make money, and she completely believes that she’s providing a service.” In the nail-biting thriller, Jenny is seen heavily in debt to some dangerous people when help arrives in the form of a good Samaritan Sasha Santoro (played by Anna), who offers Jenny a way out. However, Sasha has her own agenda, one which will ultimately force Jenny to take the biggest gamble of her life. Leading actor Leanne said she was “fascinated” by her character Jenny, who is seen trying to keep everything afloat for the sake of her family and finds herself on the brink of a mental breakdown when her new addiction takes over.  Discussing her role, Leanne said: “There is an allusion to some mildly compulsive behaviour in her past, but actually she’s managed to make a really lovely life for herself. “She’s involved in a train crash and she becomes utterly unable to manage her own behaviour and her compulsion to gamble. “It’s really fascinating watching her grapple not only with what she’s doing but also with who she is as a person.” The 41-year-old starlet went on to say: “The collision is the thing that makes everything explode and brings up all of the things she’s been trying to suppress.” In the first instalment, Jenny appears to be suffering mentally following the accident but conceals her feelings from her husband Chris (Danny Ashok) and best friend Alison (Krissi Bohn). Scrutinised at work and suffocated at home, Jenny’s reluctant to confess her panic attacks are getting worse. However, viewers will soon be enlightened to the paramedic's troublesome past which has led her to make some bad, irreversible decisions. After forming a fast friendship with Sasha, after she becomes a witness to Jenny’s public meltdown, the pair confide in each other, making their bond even stronger. After a deep dark secret is revealed, Sasha offers Jenny a way out of her troubles with a proposition that would rid the addict of her debts, but will she risk everything in order to break free? Compulsion is written by Sarah Deane (Moving On, Clink) and directed by Noreen Kershaw (Call the Midwife, Pitching In, Our Girl). Colin McKeown will serve as Executive Producer for LA Productions with Donna Molloy producing. Adam Barth and Nicola Söderlund are Executive Producers for Eccho Rights. Compulsion begins Tuesday April 12, on Channel 5 at 9pm 