Scientists investigated how nutrition impacts telomere maintenance by conducting a review, looking at numerous studies. "Today more than ever, highlighting strategies to counteract age-related disorders is a major public health concern," the authors noted in response to an ageing population. There's been a discovery that the rate of ageing is "controlled", at least to some extent, by genetic pathways, biochemical processes, and telomere attrition. "Recent findings have revealed the importance of the regulation of telomere length and integrity during the ageing process," the paper noted. "Telomere attrition is associated with decreased life expectancy and increased risk of chronic disease." Looking at the research out there, telomere length has been positively associated with the consumption of coffee. Moreover, drinking 100 percent fruit juice has also been associated with telomere length. READ MORE: Cancer – Women who have endometriosis may have 2.6 greater risk of an ovarian tumour https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6316700/#:~:text=Telomere%20length%20is%20positively%20associated,28%2C33%2C34%5D This seemingly stands true for the consumption of legumes, nuts, seaweed, and fruits. However, there is an inverse associated with telomere length and the consumption of alcohol, red meat, and processed meat. The authors added: "Telomere attrition may represent a mechanism by which large sugar intake accelerates cardio-metabolic disease." Several studies suggests that reducing sugary beverage consumption could be associated with extended telomere length, independent of age, sex, or body mass index. Sugar-sweetened beverages: Research conducted by Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health found that people who drink three to five cups of coffee daily may be less likely to die prematurely compared to those who don't drink coffee. Drinkers of both caffeinated and decaffeinated coffee saw benefits, including a lower risk of death from cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and neurological diseases. Author Ming Ding, a doctoral student in the department of nutrition at the time, explained the findings. "Bioactive compounds in coffee reduce insulin resistance and systematic inflammation," said Ding. The 2015 study provided "further evidence" that moderate consumption of coffee may provide health benefits. The Association of UK Dietitian (BDA) stated: "It’s quite possible that coffee could be healthy. "It seems that people who drink one to three cups of coffee a day appear to have lower risk of heart disease, liver disease and developing type 2 diabetes, than those drinking none or those drinking many more." How to promote longevity The best way to improve longevity is to lead the healthiest life you can. To live well, the NHS strongly recommends maintaining a healthy weight, exercising regularly, getting enough sleep, and eating healthily. It is also critical to be a non-smoker, to not drink too much alcohol, and to practise safe sex. If you would like support on giving up unhealthy habits, do seek support from your doctor.