Manchester United fan Sir Jim Ratcliffe has lodged a sensational £4billion bid to buy Chelsea from Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich. And past comments have since come to light of the Ineos owner slamming the Glazer family's 'dumb' running of United, particularly the club's recruitment. Ratcliffe confirmed his intention to purchase the Blues on Friday. He told The Times: "We put an offer in this morning. We are the only British bid. Our motives are simply to try and create a very fine club in London. We have no profit motive because we make our money in other ways." His late move to take the reins at Stamford Bridge prompted many United fans to question why he wouldn't test the Glazers' resolve with such funds. But Ratcliffe has held a Chelsea season ticket for around a decade and started regularly watching the west London club after moving to the city for work. And he hasn't spoken too fondly of the Red Devils' owners running of the club in the past, claiming they were in a 'big pickle' after buying French side Nice in 2019. Ratcliffe labelled the club's direction on and off the pitch since Sir Alex Ferguson's exit as 'shockingly poor' in a brutal assessment. JUST IN: Eriksen school hunting amid Tottenham or Brentford choice - EXCLUSIVE "[Ineos] never wants to be the dumb money in town, never. They [United] are in quite a big pickle as a business," he told the same publication three years ago. "They haven't got the manager selection right, haven't bought well. They have been the dumb money, which you see with players like Fred. United have spent an immense amount since Ferguson left and been poor, to put it mildly. "Shockingly poor, to be honest. We have a different approach here to be moderately intelligent about it. Try to do it more grass roots, trying to locate young talent. Some clubs seem to have an ability to do that, Southampton, Lille. United have done it really poorly. They have lost the plot." READ MORE: Man Utd chief who hired Rangnick told he made a 'sackable offence' The 69-year-old was born in Failsworth, Greater Manchester, and grew up supporting United before and after the Glazers' controversial takeover in 2005. And the family are still widely unpopular with the club's fanbase, with the last two home games against Norwich City and Chelsea marred by protests outside Old Trafford. But unlike Chelsea, United are not up for sale, and Ratcliffe could be in pole position to buy the Blues after Raine informed one of his few competitors, Stephen Pagliuca, that his group won't be successful in their bid. There are also suggestions that Sir Martin Broughton's consortium could also be out of the running, but Todd Boehly is also well-positioned. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.