Typically the Royal Family mark Easter Sunday by coming together at Windsor Castle, attending a church service at St George’s Chapel and digging into a delicious roast lamb dinner. The day is celebrated by Christians around the world because it is believed to be the day Jesus Christ rose from the dead, having been crucified on the cross on Good Friday. The celebrations have now been commercialised, so is also marked with Easter egg hunts and eating lots of chocolate. For decades, the Royal Family have gathered at the Queen’s home in Windsor to celebrate the holiday. However, due to the Queen’s ongoing health issues, it is unknown whether this year’s schedule will follow tradition. Last year, Prince William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge chose to spend Easter at their family home in Kensington Palace amid coronavirus concerns. Meanwhile, Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle spent the holiday in California, where they now reside with their two children. Harry and Meghan last attended the Easter Sunday celebrations in 2019, the year before their shock exit from the Firm. READ MORE: Meghan Markle branded ‘figure of fun’ after taking on the Queen ‘Not going down well!’ Rumours of a rift between the so-called Fab Four were already circulating at the time, unearthed accounts from the time reveal. Meghan chose to skip the church service as she was heavily pregnant, and Harry and William did not seem to acknowledge each other throughout the ceremony. However, it later emerged that the two couples had met at the Sussexes’ home – Frogmore Cottage – in an attempt to heal the rift. They reportedly stayed for about half an hour during which Harry gave his brother and sister-in-law the full tour. At the time, ITV Royal editor Chris Ship said the meeting was “significant” for both couples. He added: "[Kate and William] brought around some house-warming presents. Is that a sign they are trying to patch things up?" A Palace source told the Mirror: “The Duchess and Harry have developed a very close bond over the years. “Kate is acutely aware of the importance of William and Harry getting along, not just because of perception, but their collective responsibility to the monarchy as a whole. DON'T MISSDiana's influence will make William a more 'sincere and strong' King [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry will 'regret' absence from Philip's memorial service [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry savaged over 'paradox' of archetype copyright bid [VIDEO] “Harry has acted as counsel to his brother throughout William and Kate’s more turbulent years, and the three of them had gone on to form the most tremendous partnership.” Talk of a rift was particularly rife at the time because the couples had recently split their households. As the Duke and Duchess of Sussex prepared to become a family of three, it was decided that the Sussexes would move from Kensington Palace to Frogmore Cottage in Windsor. Royal aides tried to quash the rumours, insisting the changes were always meant to take place due to William’s future role as Prince of Wales, and, eventually, king. Despite this, talk of a spat between the couples remained, and less than a year later, Meghan and Harry stepped down from their senior roles in the Firm. Their exit was followed by an explosive interview with US chat show host Oprah Winfrey, in which the Sussexes spoke candidly about their experiences as working royals, and claimed that they had been unsupported by the Firm. This reportedly soured their relationship with the Royal Family, particularly the bonds between Harry and his brother and father. Harry has returned to the UK twice since the exit – once for the funeral of Prince Philip in April 2021, and a few months later to join his brother for the unveiling of a statue in tribute to his late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. The couple did not return for the Service of Thanksgiving for Prince Philip last month. However, they have travelled to The Hague in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. Moreover, Harry’s upcoming memoir could potentially cause more troubles in his relationship with his brother. Tina Brown, author of the upcoming book, ‘The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor — The Truth and Turmoil’, believes that the book is a “big cloud” over the brotherly bond. The former editor of Vanity Fair told The Telegraph last week: "I think the memoir was actually more breath-taking than the interview. It was like, what?! Frankly, berating the world for the lack of privacy he's had and now he can't stop giving interviews... It's amazing.” "William was disgusted about Meghan's attack on Kate, because she can't answer back. But that's nothing compared to how furious he's going to be when this book comes out. "Because Harry's not going to go after the Queen, she's sacrosanct. And he probably won't go after Kate, whom he's very fond of. “But he will go after Charles and Camilla and maybe William. And that's so unhelpful to them all at this particular moment; for William that's the big cloud in their relationship right now."