Manchester United flop Anthony Martial's move to Sevilla has not gone according to plan and his time in La Liga will appear to be short-lived ahead of the summer transfer window. The striker's time at the club has been described as going "bad to worse". United will almost certainly welcome Martial back to the club this summer after a disastrous spell on loan at Sevilla. Since making the move to Spain in January, the striker has made little impact on the pitch. Sevilla made a big fanfare over his arrival and billed him as a star arrival in La Liga while they chased Real Madrid down in an unlikely title charge. They ended up forking out £4million (€5m) in loan fees in the winter transfer window until the end of the season. But while he was welcomed as a hero, he is quickly becoming a zero after having absolutely no impact in the league whatsoever. In six La Liga matches, the 26-year-old has not scored though he does have one assist. According to Marca, via Sport Witness, it was Martial's agent that sold him the idea of moving to Sevilla despite interest from Barcelona. However, things have gone from bad to worse for the forward. Marca report that the United loanee has been left frustrated at the club and a series of obstacles "appear like a mountain". This was supposed to be a clean break from his time at Old Trafford where he had grown disillusioned with life. But the opposite has happened and all of his problems appear to have followed him to Spain from Manchester. It means that whoever comes in as manager for the Red Devils will have to deal with Martial and his future. Initially when he signed for Sevilla, there was early talk that they would break the bank to bring him on a permanent basis. Rony Lopes is the club's record transfer and Martial's expected arrival was supposed to smash that. However, the talk is now that the France international will almost certainly return to Old Trafford where his career will come at a crossroads. With United in the market for a striker, he could even find himself back in favour under a new manager. That will largely depend on who arrives and how Martial impresses over pre-season and in training with Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag the frontrunners for the role. Both managers are known to favour attacking football, so that could work in the forward's favour.