On Tuesday, the Prime Minister issued an apology to his constituents in Parliament after he breached the lockdown rules during the height of the pandemic. Boris Johnson claimed at the time that he wasn't aware of the breach, which angered Sir Keir Starmer and the Labour Party. During an appearance on Wednesday's BBC Breakfast, Angela Rayner called out the Prime Minister branding him a "liar" and called for him to resign from his role. When asked by host Dan Walker what the Labour Party want, she replied: "The motion we are setting out tomorrow is around the privileges committee, which is a Tory majority committee. "It will look at whether Boris Johnson specifically misled Parliament which is around the Ministerial code. "It matters because crucially all members that speak at the dispatch box must do so without giving misleading information deliberately. "We believe that Boris Johnson did do that and we believe he should be investigated for that because if he has done that then he has to resign under the ministerial code." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge The BBC host replied: "It's very interesting because when we talk about so-called partygate on this programme, you get a lot of comments saying they're disgusted by what the Prime Minister and others did. "But we also get quite a few people saying, 'Move on, there are more important things to talk about!' "We speak to Tory Party MPs and a lot of them say the job needs to be done in regards to Ukraine, to regards to the cost of living crisis, how do you respond to that?" The MP explained that the Labour Party is supporting refugees in Ukraine, but branded the Prime Minister as an "embarrassment abroad".  She fumed: "The integrity and honesty in your job as the Prime Minister, then you can't trust what they do next. "If you've misled Parliament and this is not once, this is a pattern of behaviour from the Prime Minister, therefore it's dangerous and it's reckless." She went on to add: "This is a serious pattern of behaviour from the Prime Minister of this country. "And yes, the situation in Ukraine is serious, but there are other Parliamentarians that could do that job of leadership." DON'T MISS...Ukraine general forced to sit out war freed 'Banged up in Germany' [VIDEO]Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [INSIGHT]Owen Jones savages Blair's calls for more people to go to uni [REACTION] However, the segment angered many BBC Breakfast viewers, with many asking the Labour Party to "move on". "She is stuck on repeat," user @Christo08457796 raged. Lou fumed: "Jeez!! Move on Labour !!! You're like a dog with a bone!! #bbcbreakfast." (sic) While Ian Stimpson said: "@AngelaRayner on the BBC again this morning. She’s nothing but an opportunist one-trick pony. No new ideas, nothing on policy, bla, bla, bla." (sic) Peter Caddick added: "#BBCBreakfast labour is making a mountain out of a molehill. Please don't give them air time. Surely there is more newsworthy items you should be airing. Move on." Simon S Green went on to say: "Boring Labour .. move on please and start talking about the real issues like cost of living that is out of control .. more we support Ukraine the higher the cost to us." (sic) Stepping in to defend Rayner user @kerouac151 tweeted: "Strong performance from Angela Rayner there, scathing about Johnson, on #BBCBreakfast." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.