Gemma Davies, a Snowdon guide, said the mountains most popular mountain paths was "covered in human stools" and litter. She claimed she caught a man defecating on the mountain's railway line. Ms Davies said she was "totally disgusted" at the state of the Llanberis path on Saturday morning with stools in paper cups and under stones. The Snowdon guide, who led a sunrise hike up Wales' highest mountain on Saturday, said the problem was so bad, she was having to warn people to "mind the poo". She claimed toilets at the summit were closed along with the café and "there were no toilets open at the bottom when we got to the bottom after a seven hour hike". She added: "There was a lot of stool in paper cups, under stones, and as we were descending it was on the path.” Speaking to the BBC, Ms Davies said there were no toilets at the base of the mountain open by the time she and her group returned at 08.30am. She said: "There should be somewhere. It is the busiest mountain in the UK." She called on the authorities to provide facilities, and said: “It was very busy in Llanberis but there were no toilets for people to go to. "There are none at the top of the mountain because the cafe is not open. "I understand people wanting to go to the toilet but doing it on the paths is not hygienic and it is not nice to see." READ MORE: Top NHS boss warns face masks and social distance could return Snowdonia National Park Authority said the visitor centre at Snowdon's summit was closed for repairs but that all other facilities in the area were open. A spokesman said: "It is a mountain. It isn't an attraction and people need to take that into account." It said volunteers were on the mountain collecting litter. Snowdonia National Park Authority said nothing unusual had been reported. As of December 2021, there are eight areas off the English coast which health officials have told people not to swim in under any circumstances because they are contaminated. In Scotland, where environmental management is devolved, just one beach is deemed ‘poor’, while none are in Wales or Northern Ireland. A spokesperson for the Surfers Against Sewage campaign said going for a swim at this time of year is a tradition “to be cherished” but that it is endangered by poor water quality. They told Metro.co.uk: “It is truly appalling that people need to check to see if their local beach or river is polluted with raw sewage before a festive dip. “Government, industry and regulators must listen to the public clamour for change and work to end sewage pollution in the UK for good. Thriving rivers and seas support thriving communities.” As of December 2021, there are eight areas off the English coast which health officials have told people not to swim in under any circumstances because they are contaminated. In Scotland, where environmental management is devolved, just one beach is deemed ‘poor’, while none are in Wales or Northern Ireland. A spokesperson for the Surfers Against Sewage campaign said going for a swim at this time of year is a tradition “to be cherished” but that it is endangered by poor water quality. They told Metro.co.uk: “It is truly appalling that people need to check to see if their local beach or river is polluted with raw sewage before a festive dip. “Government, industry and regulators must listen to the public clamour for change and work to end sewage pollution in the UK for good. Thriving rivers and seas support thriving communities.”