Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, are claimed to be attending Brooklyn Beckham's wedding in Palm Beach this weekend as guests of David and Victoria. But Australian presenter Sylvia Jeffreys and David Campbell questioned if the Beckham's "snubbed" Kate and William from the event after pointing out their relationship to the couple. Victoria and David have attended both the Cambridge and Sussex weddings. 9Honey's royal correspondent Natalie Oliveri said: "This is taking place in Palm Beach, Florida. Brooklyn Beckham is marrying his fiancee Nicola Peltz and Harry and Meghan are expected to be among the very celebrity-filled guests there. "They are said to be guests of David and Victoria because Harry and Meghan have known the couple for quite some time but look, this is copping a lot of criticism because Harry did not make his grandfather's memorial in London last week. "However, it is different and Meghan has been wearing Victoria's clothes for many years now so there is quite a close friendship there." Today Extra presenter Ms Jeffreys added: "I find this interesting though because William and Kate have a relationship with the Beckham's as well so would that be considered a snub if they are not invited and Harry and Meghan are." READ MORE: 'Not a good look!' Meghan and Harry skewered over UK return Ms Oliveri continued: "We don't know for sure if Harry and Meghan are even going to be there but that is what is rumoured. "As you say, Sylvia, the Beckham's were at the Cambridge wedding." Ms Jeffreys noted: "It's a snub! I think they've chosen and picked a side." It comes as US commentator Lee Cohen has claimed the Duchess of Sussex would have "never" received the notoriety had she not married Harry. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Cohen said: "They've earned my scorn because they've treated Harry's family very poorly in all of this. "I don't feel that it's at all productive for them to be criticising the Royal Family. "They got what they wanted. They stepped back, they have the notoriety already. "They certainly never would have obtained the level of publicity that she currently has if she hadn't married into this family." DON'T MISS Queen and Prince Charles in 'dual monarchy' for 'some time' [INSIGHT]'You used to shout at me so much' Harry jokes with Sandhurst PTI [VIDEO]Meghan told to 'address thorny family issues' on Archetypes podcast [ANALYSIS] The royal couple have since secured lucrative multimillion-pound deals with Netflix and Spotify after stepping down as senior members of the Royal Family. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been criticised for "expressing concerns" to Spotify about Covid-19 misinformation by a British author. Douglas Murray told Sky News Australia: "As for the most representative on the pulse of the world couple, I'm thinking of the Sussexes. "It's absolutely crucial that we get the Duke and Duchess on anything. I'm a great fan of the Royal Family, I am not a fan of these former members. What they think they can contribute I do not know."