Novak Djokovic 'will be ready' to win his third French Open title this year despite his disappointing Monte Carlo Masters exit, according to the Serb's coach Goran Ivanisevic. A lack of match sharpness was too big a hurdle to leap as Djokovic competed in just his second match of 2022. The world number one ran out of steam in the deciding set as he lost 3-6 7-6 1-6 to Spanish 22-year-old Alejandro Davidovich Fokina in two hours and 54 minutes. It was the first time he had lost in his opening match at a tournament since his 2018 Barcelona Open defeat to Marin Klizan. Djokovic will return to Roland Garros in just six weeks and attempt to win his second successive title on the Parisian clay. Last year, the 20-time Grand Slam winner defeated Rafael Nadal on his way to his second French Open success and his first since 2016. In the aftermath of his early Monte Carlo exit, Djokovic's coach has revealed he didn't expect him to enjoy a long tournament due to his short-notice entry after France's Covid restrictions changed. But he has insisted he will be 'ready' for the French Open after entering more warm-up events in the coming weeks. JUST IN: Darwin Nunez responds to Jurgen Klopp after scoring against Liverpool He told Unibet: "He wasn't feeling well before he came here. He was sick. Let's say he's not fit one hundred per cent to compete. First of all, in this situation. Three weeks ago, he was not allowed to play here because of the Covid decision. Then France opened, and he was allowed. And it's difficult mentally. "You can play to the semi-finals. But you can't prepare the way you would need to. And then he got sick. And, to be honest, I didn't expect something spectacular from this tournament. But he'll be going to the French Open in five or six weeks, he's got a couple more tournaments, and he will be ready." READ MORE: Jack Grealish breaks silence after having hair pulled at Atletico Next week, Djokovic will feature in the Serbia Open, an ATP 250 competition taking place at his own Novak Tennis Centre in Belgrade. He then plans to compete in the Madrid Masters as his clay preparations continue before the big one in Paris. Once his match fitness returns, he will undoubtedly be in good shape to pose as one of the leading contenders to win at Roland Garros. But Nadal will be heavily favoured to win his record-extending 14th win, considering his dominance at the tournament over the past decade. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.