Dr Maria Vorontsova, 36, reportedly had plans to fly abroad for a tropical beach holiday for her birthday. However, according the General SVR Telegram channel, the plans were shut down by Putin. The SVR Telegram channel claims insider knowledge of the Kremlin, and was the first to report Putin is suffering serious illnesses including cancer, a theory now regarded as plausible. They said: “Putin responded with a categorical refusal, strengthening the security protection of Maria. “According to our information, the president’s eldest daughter did not plan to return to Russia.” Dr Vorontsova's position on the war is currently unknown, as neither she or her sisters have spoken publicly about it.  Dr Vorontsova is said to have loved taking holidays in Europe - but now, thanks to her father’s bloody war, she has been sanctioned from doing so. She is the daughter of former Russian first lady and Putin’s ex-wife, Lyudmila Ocheretnaya. Putin has made it clear that he doesn’t enjoy those snooping into his colourful private life. He previously said: “I have a private life in which I do not permit interference. It must be respected.” He criticised “those who with their snotty noses and erotic fantasies prowl into others’ lives”.  READ MORE: 'Arrogant' Macron showed true colours in debate [REVEAL] Dr Vorontsova was born when the now-president was a spy for the KGB, and has become an expert in rare genetic diseases in children. A leading researcher at the National Medical Research Center for Endocrinology of the Ministry of Health of Russia, she is also an expert on dwarfism. Dr Vorontsova also has an eight-year-old son with her ex-husband Jorrit Faassen. The war in Ukraine entered its 58th day on Friday. Putin has faced a fierce resistance from Volodymyr Zelensky's troops - but this week claimed to have taken 40 villages in the eastern Donetsk region of Ukraine. On Thursday, Russian troops continue to block Kharkiv province - and Ukraine repelled  a further 10 attacks in the Donetsk and Luhansk region.  DON'T MISS: Putin devastation as biggest Russian chemical plant engulfed in flames [INSIGHT]Xi delivers devastating blow to Putin as China pulls plug on deal [ANALYSIS]‘I don’t care what the EU does’ Brexit Britain savages bloc [REVEAL] It comes amid further reports of significant losses to Putin's military - including top ranking servicemen. As many as 3,000 highly skilled Wagner mercenaries have reportedly been killed in a major blow to the Kremlin leader. Russia has also unleashed a successful test of the lethal ‘Satan II’ nuclear missile - but an intelligence expert labelled the move "weak". Justin Crump, of Sibylline, an intelligence and geopolitical risk firm, told The Telegraph: "The fact is that nuclear rhetoric is actually more or less the last weapon left in the Kremlin's arsenal right now, so in other ways this latest test is in fact a further sign of weakness." Jim Townsend, a former deputy assistant secretary of defence for America's European and Nato policy, suggested the move is the Kremlin trying to signal that "they're big and bad" when, really, "it's a sign of their frustration, a sign of their insecurity." 