Queen Elizabeth II has been on the throne for an unprecedented 70 years, and the nation is toasting to the remarkable achievement with a spectacular four-day celebration this summer. While many of the official events will be taking place in London, Platinum Jubilee celebrations will be held in local communities across the UK from June 2 to June 5. From Thursday to Sunday of the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday, Brits can expect an array of different events to celebrate the Queen's impressive seven-decade milestone. The activities will kick off on Thursday, June 2 with Trooping the Colour, the Queen's annual birthday parade, that will snake from Buckingham Palace down The Mall to Horse Guard's Parade, culminating in the RAF flypast over Buckingham Palace. Here the crowds will get a good look at the Royal Family in all their glory as they watch the spectacle for themselves from the Buckingham Palace balcony. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry 'contributing to disinterest in Netflix'  On this date, beacons will also be lit across the UK and in the cities of Commonwealth countries across the globe, keeping with a centuries-old tradition for jubilee celebrations. On Friday, June 3, a private royal event will be held at St Paul's Cathedral to give thanks for the Queen's long reign. And on Saturday, June 4, the Royal Family are expected to attend the Derby at Epsom Downs to watch some good-old fashioned racing. The Platinum Party at the Palace will take place later that day, and it will be broadcast by the BBC for those hoping to catch the action at home.  With an iconic London landmark as its backdrop, the concert is expected to include performances from some of the world's biggest stars. For the final day of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, communities are being invited to host a Big Jubilee Lunch on Sunday, June 5. Street parties have long been a feature of royal jubilees and celebrations, and Brits "are invited to share friendship, food and fun with neighbours". The Platinum Jubilee Pageant will then take place across the streets of central London as a spectacle of "street arts, theatre, music, circus, carnival and costume".  DON'T MISS:Queen's life timeline: The major moments of the Queen's reign mapped [MAP]Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward: The best pictures of their royal tour [PICTURES]What is a Platinum Jubilee? Inside long royal tradition [EXPLAINER] Aside from the major Platinum Jubilee events in London, plenty of local community events are taking place across the UK this June bank holiday. Beacon events are expected to light up the British Isles on Thursday, June 2, and people are being invited to get to know their neighbours a little bit better on Sunday, June 5 with the Big Jubilee Lunch initiative. A full map of events taking place across the UK can be found on the dedicated Platinum Jubilee website here.  As of late April, more than 800 public events and more than 1,100 street parties or private events have been shared so far and can be found on the virtual map. Just some of the local events taking place in the UK for the Platinum Jubilee include: 