West Ham will reportedly be handed over £35million if they can get their hands on this season’s Europa League trophy. David Moyes’ team are set for a two-legged showdown with Eintracht Frankfurt in the semi-finals of the competition. West Ham have enjoyed a remarkable season this time around and booked their place in the last four of the Europa League after stunning Lyon in the quarter-finals. The Hammers had been held to a 1-1 draw at home in the first-leg against the French side but won the second encounter 3-0. If West Ham can see off their German opponents, they will come up against either Rangers or RB Leipzig in next month’s final. And, according to The Mirror, they would receive their bumper payment through different cash injections. The east Londoners have already been given £12m during their run to the final four. And they will be boosted by £7.2m of prize money should they go on to lift the trophy. Victory in the Europa League would also mean the Hammers play in next season’s Super Cup, which would bring in another £3m. MUST READ: Newcastle ‘ask’ Real Madrid chiefs about Marco Asensio transfer  And they would also qualify for next season’s Champions League, which would provide a bumper payment of at least £13.1m. The money would come as a huge boost to the Hammers as they look to become regulars in Europe under the guidance of Moyes. The former Manchester United boss has done a stellar job since taking the helm at London Stadium at the end of 2019. In his first full season at the club, Moyes led West Ham to a sixth-place finish. And this season they are seventh in the table. DON'T MISS Arsenal to watch Tammy Abraham ‘up close’ as Roma set asking price Real Madrid boss Ancelotti responds to Rudiger question - 'Who?' Jules Kounde's view on joining Chelsea has not changed      If the Hammers do qualify for next season’s Champions League, they will have the opportunity to earn an extra £2.3m for every group stage match they win. And victory in the Super Cup would net them £840,000. Meanwhile, Scottish giants Rangers have already raked in £11m from their Europa League endeavours, according to Rangers News UK, and will receive another £2.5m if they beat RB Leipzig to reach the final. And if Giovanni van Bronckhorst can lead his side to the Europa League title, they will get another £1.7m on top of that. West Ham’s Payday £12m - Run to the Europa League semi-finals £7.2m - Winning the Europa League final £3m - Super Cup appearance £13.1m - Champions League qualification £840,000 - Winning the Super Cup £2.3m - Every Champions League group stage win Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 