Season three of All Creatures Great and Small is set to air on Channel 5 later this year after production began last month. Loosely based on the novels by Alf Wight, the series follows the adventures of veterinary James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph), Siegfried Farnon (Samuel West), Mrs Hall (Anna Madeley), and Helen Alderson (Rachel Shenton) who resides in Darrowby. Showrunner Ben Vanstone, who reprised the TV show back in 2020, revealed one of the most “heartrending” stories from the books ahead of season three’s release. The show, which revolves around a trio of veterinary surgeons working in the Yorkshire Dales beginning in 1937, has proven a hit with Channel 5 viewers after having already been commissioned for a third and a fourth outing. Taken by the novels of Alf, penned under the name of James Herriot, the author wrote about his life and barnyard and household visits as a veterinarian more than half a century ago. However, creator Ben has shared a story from the book which resonated with him emotionally, revealing: “It’s the story of an old man called Reg, and he can’t afford to pay. "And that, for me, is a story that I just feel like it’s sacred, in some way.” READ MORE:The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC He added to PBS Masterpiece: “There’s such simplicity to it, and feeling, and emotion. “And every time we look to put it in, it’s almost felt like it’s too easy - it’s almost cheap emotion cause it’s so heartrending. "You want to make sure that we really use it at a time that matters.” He went on to say: “When we get to do that one, I think it is going to be really moving.” Providing viewers with irresistible escapism and unabashedly wholesome viewing, the popular drama has also been praised by its leading actors. Speaking on the Talkshire Podcast, actor Samuel who plays Siegfried said his role on the TV programme was something he worked on with pride. He told listeners: “I should say that this is one of the things I'm most proud of. “Not only to be working at a time when many of my friends aren't but to be doing such a great part in such an iconic story that means so much to people, not just in Yorkshire, but all over the world." The TV star was delighted to reveal filming had begun for the show’s third instalment earlier this year to his followers on social media. Sharing the news on Twitter, he wrote: "Dydd Gŵyl Dewi Hapus bawb ["Happy St. David's Day everyone" in Welsh].” The actor went on to add: “And happy first day of meteorological Spring, all. "And WHITE RABBITS, from #AllCreaturesGreatAndSmall (mostly small). We start filming Series 3 tomorrow." Furthermore, fans could expect to see James and Helen tie the knot in the new series after the couple suffered a couple of setbacks in their relationship during season two. The show's second outing concluded with the much-loved characters getting engaged in sweet scenes and photos of the pair had been released, teasing fans even further. Cute snaps of both Helen and James were shown with the lovebirds linking arms as they strolled out of church looking all smiles. Channel 5 audiences can expect to see the star crossed lovers moving on to the next chapter of their married lives but what huge storyline could be on the cards for the newly weds? All Creatures Great and Small seasons one and two are available to stream on My5.