Manchester United are understood to be facing a dressing-room backlash over their decision to offer Paul Pogba a new contract worth a staggering £500,000-a-week, according to reports. The Old Trafford hierarchy are still yet to receive a response from their midfielder, who has left the proposal on the table while he considers his options with his entourage. A number of Europe's top clubs including Paris Saint-Germain are thought to be circling and ready to sign Pogba on a free transfer at the end of the campaign. However, the World Cup winner is seemingly keen to discover who the next United manager will be before deciding his future. According to The Mirror, the lucrative offer is said to have caused problems in the United dressing room because a number of the club's senior stars now want to see their salaries raised. Pogba has only featured in 18 of United's 31 Premier League matches this season - meaning he is far from one of the first names on the team sheet. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new manager The deal - thought to contain around  £400,000-a-week plus additional contractual bonuses that reach the half-a-million pound mark - would make Pogba the highest-paid player in the country. Should Pogba accept the offer, several United stars could be set to demand a pay rise. A source said: “Some of the players think it’s out of order he could be getting twice as much as they’re when he hardly starts a game and talks about leaving all the time.” Cristiano Ronaldo is currently United's highest earner, netting an estimated £450,000-a-week. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new managerArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting BenficaBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star Gabriel Second is David de Gea, who nets around £375,000 per week. Meanwhile, Pogba's current contract sees him take home approximately £290,000 per week. The former Juventus man looked on course to leave Old Trafford last season before United triggered a one-year extension written into his contract. Pogba started the campaign like a house on fire, registering seven assists in his first four Premier League outings. His season soon stalled though following a red card for a horror challenge on Naby Keita that was later followed by a thigh injury. Bruno Fernandes, Pogba's midfield partner in crime, recently signed a new bumper deal that will see him stay at Old Trafford until June 2026. England international Kalvin Phillips is now thought to be on United's agenda as a possible replacement for Pogba - should he opt to depart. United are looking to bring at least two midfielders this summer with Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham also of interest.