Many factors are known to impact a person’s longevity and overall health as they age. These include a decrease in brain health, bone health and a weakened immune system. Fortunately, there are certain food types which help target these areas, helping to boost your longevity. Oysters contain all nine amino acids, are packed with protein, all sorts of vitamins and essential minerals, and are low in calories and fat. This not only makes them amazing, nutritious foods to help replenish vitamins and minerals, but also great foods to include for weight loss and if you are working out. The vitamin and mineral content in oysters can have significant benefits to most of your body. Calcium, zinc, iron, and copper all help promote bone health. READ MORE: Cancer – From nuts to tomato sauce – foods that a doctor says 'could reduce cancer risk'  Some vitamins, including C and E, are beneficial to your immune system with their antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties. The boost to your immune system, along with other things, can help speed up healing and recovery. “Raw oysters are also an abundant source of several vitamins and minerals,” says WebMD. The health site continues: “They’re a particularly good source of vitamin B12, which research has indicated plays a big role in keeping your brain healthy.”  Six medium sized oysters contain roughly: Oysters are a rich source of vitamin D, copper, zinc, and manganese. These micronutrients, in combination with calcium, are thought to be key to slowing or even preventing bone loss in older women due to osteoporosis. In a study published in MDPI, fermented oyster extract for helping to prevent bone loss was analysed. The study noted: “Among marine organisms, oysters contain diverse bioactive compounds with antioxidant activity. “Other studies on bone growth revealed that both oyster extract and taurine, a main component of oysters, can improve various bone parameters including bone volume/tissue volume, trabecular thickness, and trabecular number and can increase growth plate thickness in an in vivo mouse model." Of course, one can’t discuss the numerous benefits of oysters without mentioning their link to an increased libido. Oysters contain dopamine - a neurotransmitter that helps to govern brain activity and influence sexual desire in men and women. The passion produced from raw oysters, some have suggested, is linked to oysters being a food high in zinc: an essential mineral recently described as a new super food. In fact, oysters have some of the highest levels of zinc of any food. And zinc is one of the most important minerals we can consume. Zinc is beneficial to strengthening your immune system to help it protect you against all kinds of illnesses, inflammation, and infection all aiding longevity.