Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc both have the opportunity to win a career-first Australian Grand Prix this weekend. The pair have enjoyed a tense battle in the opening weeks of the season, earning a win each.    Ferrari star Leclerc surprisingly won in Bahrain in the season opener, with team-mate Carlos Sainz coming second to complete a successful day for the team. Verstappen was forced to retire due to a fuel pump issue. But the Dutchman fared far better a week later, overcoming Leclerc in a thrilling toe-to-toe battle in Saudi Arabia. It was Verstappen’s first Grand Prix win since he controversially raced past Lewis Hamilton in Abu Dhabi in December to win the 2021 world championship. Verstappen and Leclerc could win their second races of the season in Australia. If they do so, it will be their first win at this Grand Prix. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton has two chances to break another F1 record this year Of course, that is largely because the event has not been staged for the last two years due to strict coronavirus restrictions in the country. Valtteri Bottas was the last Australian Grand Prix champion in 2019 while still with Mercedes. Bottas’ former team-mate Lewis Hamilton has not won on the Albert Park circuit since 2015. The 37-year-old has endured a frustrating start to 2022 and seems unlikely to finish ahead of Verstappen and Leclerc. There is a good omen for Ferrari and Leclerc, though, as the team has the joint-most wins in Australia. They share the lead with 12 alongside McLaren. DON'T MISS...Max Verstappen urged to copy Schumacher to challenge for GOAT statusLewis Hamilton has two chances to break another F1 record this yearFerrari boss Mattia Binotto puts pressure on Max Verstappen title bid Ferrari also won the two races prior to Bottas’ success in 2019. Former Ferrari ace Sebastian Vettel, now with Aston Martin, won in 2017 and 2018. Verstappen came third in 2019, behind Vettel and Hamilton. Leclerc finished fifth. The year before, Verstappen was sixth while Monacan Leclerc came 16th in his first race in Australia. Ferrari ambassador Marc Gene believes Leclerc can maintain his battle with Verstappen - a rivalry that dates back to their karting days. “He used to be very emotional and this year he has changed a lot,” Gene recently told the F1 Nation Podcast of the 24-year-old. “Charles is like a 2.0 version of himself. When I went to Barcelona for the private testing, we spent a lot of time together and he was completely changed in his mindset and his mentality, and you can see it. “[In Bahrain] I was expecting Charles to be more over the moon after qualifying, after the pole, and the race, but he seemed so much more mature and aware that this is a very long championship.”   