Toto Wolff has claimed Lewis Hamilton and George Russell have surprised him this season as Mercedes’ struggles continue. The Austrian claims the British pair are able to work together to find solutions to the team's issues while still being competitive. The comments come after the 50-year-old team boss was asked whether he was surprised how well the new team-mates were getting along with each other this season. Speaking to PA, he replied: “Yes because they are both so competitive whilst still being able to work together. “The effort they are putting into showing respect – from the young kid to the best ever and from Lewis in appreciating the future talent that is in George – is impressive.” After the race, Wolff said the two drivers embraced the “spirit of the team”. He added: “One factor that leaves me very optimistic for the future is the mindset and strength of the team. Everyone in the UK, in Stuttgart and in the travelling race team is pulling together every ounce of effort we have to tackle the performance gaps with determination and a deep hunger. Seeing Lewis and George perform at an exceptionally high-level today with a tool that is clearly not on the pace of the leaders is another example of the spirit of this team. READ MORE: Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen fired Lewis Hamilton warning “We are optimistic yet realistic on the timeline for improvement and the advantage our competitors have, but P3 and P4 helps us leave Australia with a good feeling.” Hamilton shared a picture of him and Russell working out in the gym ahead of the Australian Grand Prix. He captioned the image: “Teamwork makes the dream work.” The seven-time champion praised Russell ahead of the season, claiming he “fits very easily into the team”. He showed his admiration of Russell post-Australia after congratulating the rookie on his first Mercedes podium. Likewise, Russell has stressed the importance of working with Hamilton to get the Mercedes closer to the front. DON'T MISSToto Wolff hits out at F1 jewellery crackdown after Hamilton targeted [ANALYSIS]Mercedes' Toto Wolff gives reasons he's 'optimistic' after Australia [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton retirement fears played down by Toto Wolff [INSIGHT] Speaking to Channel 4, Russell was asked whether beating Hamilton was a cherry on the cake. He replied: “No, to be honest, we’re not here to finish P3, P4, P5, we’re here to win. We want to win, we want to work together. “We know that if we want a chance to fight with Charles [Leclerc] and Max [Verstappen] we need to work together as a team to get more performance."