Melbourne has long been the home of the Formula 1 Australian Grand Prix, but that may not remain the case as another city bids to snatch the annual event and claim it as its own. Officials in Sydney are plotting a bid for the race, and reportedly met with the sport's top chief Stefano Domenicali last week to discuss their proposal. According to The Australian, Domenicali took "leading members of the New South Wales state government" up on their offer of a meeting while F1 was in the country for this year's race. Melbourne's host contract runs until 2025, but Sydney is being primed as its replacement after that. The report went on to say that little was known about what was said at the meeting, as it was "cloaked in secrecy and mired in a tangle of non-disclosure agreements". It also described the meeting as being part of a "carefully calibrated charm offensive". Melbourne has been the home of the Australian Grand Prix for the last quarter of a century, having taken the rights from previous host city Adelaide and first ran a race in 1996. It has only not taken place twice since, in 2020 and 2021, due to the Covid pandemic and lockdown rules in Victoria. JUST IN: Max Verstappen has no belief he can beat Charles Leclerc to F1 title The Australian suggested that, should Sydney be successful in its bid to prise the event away from Melbourne, a circuit could be created which would see many of the city's iconic landmarks incorporated into the race weekend. It could take place in the business district, home to the Sydney Opera House and Harbour Bridge. The high-powered cars could not race across the bridge itself, over safety worries. But it has been the location for an F1 photoshoot in the past, when Aussie racer Mark Webber drove his Williams there in 2005 as part of a publicity stunt. A more traditional track exists in the far west of the city, 35km away in Eastern Creek. Should the city centre idea be shot down, then it is possible that an F1 race could be held there. DON'T MISS:Charles Leclerc asks Ferrari to fix 'problem' after Hamilton wishMax Verstappen admits beating Charles Leclerc 'a big task'George Russell downbeat on Mercedes upgrades with 'nothing substantial' This latest report comes after a recent statement from New South Wales Premier Dominic Perrottet, who openly backed the idea of a race in Sydney. "We've got the greatest city in not just the country, but the world," he said when reacting to a report last October that claimed "sensitive" talks were being held looking into the feasability of a bid to host a race. "So we think we're going to have a fighting chance to bring that even there, but it's not just the Formula 1, it's major events right across the country and across the world that we're going after." The success of the Australian Grand Prix last weekend, the first held in the country since 2019, will likely have boosted the resolve of Sydney officials to poach the event. Around 420,000 fans descended upon Melbourne to take in the action, setting a new attendance record for a sporting showcase held in the country.