The new tourist tax, which is set to be given the go-ahead in a few weeks, could add around £50 to the cost of a week’s holiday. Britons would have to pay a nightly tax but the price would vary depending on the type of accommodation. The current plan states a charge of €2 per person per night when staying in a four or five-star hotel, €1.50 for cruise passengers and 50 cents for campsite holidaymakers. Under 16s won’t have to pay and tourists could be charged for a maximum of seven days. Although the new tax would be optional, towns such as Alicante have said they will not apply it. READ MORE: British Airways flyers lose £1,000 after being denied boarding flight Deputy Mayor and head of the Alicante City&Beach Tourist Board, Mari Carmen Sánchez, exclusively told Express.co.uk: "Alicante is not going to charge any tourist tax. "We are talking about an initiative of the Consell [the Government of the Valencia Region] that has the outright rejection of the tourism sector, totally inappropriate and that would leave us at a clear disadvantage compared to other destinations with similar characteristics. "It is incredible that the regional Government has gone ahead with this matter just when the sector is beginning to see the light after the pandemic, with runaway inflation and with the crisis caused by the invasion of Ukraine.  "The decision only shows the weakness of President Puig against his partners from Compromís and Unidas Podemos parties because even the regional secretary for Tourism considers his implementation a mistake." Many Express.co.uk readers said they would no longer travel to Costa Blanca if the new tax is approved. Ted Bovis said: "Benidorm is not Rome. "There is no way I'd pay a tax to visit the Costa Blanca or anywhere in Spain." 'SiMills' said: "Just one more reason to not go to Europe or anywhere that got a tourist tax." Reader 'UK2' commented: "Boycott until they change it." 'Glyn 34 2' said: "Wouldn’t go if last sunny place on earth!" 'Swaledale' explained: "Far better places to visit where I don’t mind paying the tax…" 'Shelaghh' agreed: "I went to Benidorm at the request of a friend three years ago. "Never again, I may as well have gone to Blackpool because it was so awful. "Not my idea of a holiday."