Gary Lineker, 61, has not held back on his criticism of Richard Madeley, 65, after the Good Morning Britain star entered a “very complicated discussion” with climate activist Miranda Whelehan. In a tweet shared with his 8.4 million Twitter followers, Gary branded Richard “patronising” and “dismissive” over the way he interviewed his guest. During the conversation, Richard asked Miranda if she accepted that it was a “very complicated discussion”. He went on to say that the “‘Just Stop Oil’ slogan is very playground-ish, isn’t it, it’s very Vicky Pollard, it’s quite childish.” Miranda responded that she thinks the answers are in fact “very simple” and that the UK needs to stop new oil licensing. Gary responded to a trailer of today’s GMB episode shared by the programme’s official Twitter account. The post was captioned: “'I think the children and the future deserve that.'" “Just Stop Oil activists protested across London this weekend to demand an end to the fossil fuel economy. “Meanwhile, the cost of living crisis means many people are paying more & more for fuel. “Are oil protests justified?” Quote-tweeting the post, Gary wrote: “The protest, whether you agree with them or not, got the eloquent young woman on to national television to talk about the likely catastrophe. “Madeley is deeply patronising and dismissive of someone who understands their future is in grave danger. The TV pundit concluded: “Desperate times and all that….” (sic) Gary’s remarks sparked controversy among other social media users, who responded to his tweet by sharing their own views on the topic. DON'T MISS...‘Your hair looks lovely’ Jason Manford aims jibe at Will Smith [INSIGHT]Fern Britton admits being seen by neighbours while skinny dipping [UPDATE]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show [LATEST] Jimmyjimjimmy9 said: “I agree with you on the whole but it’s far easier for you to sit there and say that when you’re not being impacted. “These protests are directly impacting working people from getting about their lives. “They need to find a better way. Impact those responsible or the decision-makers.” Br1t2000 typed: “Don’t you patronise the watching public. “Madeley and the other host and guest were asking how disrupting the public would help. She had no answer.” Jimbo1604 asked: “How was he patronising? He told her they are going about it the wrong way which they are.” BoeingBill1 claimed: “I admire you a lot Gary but there isn’t a catastrophe imminently. “We can change the way we live and embrace new technologies but please don’t put it under the catastrophe umbrella.. thanks.” Good Morning Britain airs daily on ITV at 6am.