On Monday, Dan Walker confirmed he would be leaving BBC Breakfast after six years to start a new role at Channel 5 News. The presenter hasn't confirmed when his new job would begin, although, he explained he would be leaving the BBC "in a few weeks". Following the news of his move, an expert has claimed Dan's new job could see him earning double his salary. According to the BBC's recent annual list, which confirms what its biggest stars get paid every year, Dan earned £295,000. The presenter's salary also included his role at Football Focus, which he left in May last year and his regular presenting slots on Match of the Day and Final Score. Dan also reportedly earned £60,000 for making it to the quarter-finals of Strictly Come Dancing. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show Popular culture expert Nick Ede has claimed Dan will earn more than £500,000 at Channel 5 because he won't be contractually obligated by the BBC, which prevents him from taking on new projects. "Dan Walker leaving the BBC is a clear indication that his star is on the rise and he wants to maximise his earning power," Nick explained. "It's a smart move from Channel 5 to grab the housewives' favourite and make him their flagship anchorman. "With a crowded news channel war going on with GB News, Sky News, TalkTV etc, this is a great way for Channel 5 to engage with a new audience. Plus their existing audience will love his authoritative and accessible tone." He added to The Sun: "He's likely to be asked to front other programmes on the channel, plus he will be able to do adverts and commercial branded activity, meaning he will be able to earn around £500,000." During Tuesday's BBC Breakfast, Dan discussed his decision to leave with his co-host, Sally Nugent. Despite admitting it was the most "difficult decision", the presenter insisted he has "never been motivated by money". "Sometimes I think opportunities come along and you have to grab them, don't you?" Dan explained to Sally. DON'T MISS...Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert details new role after show exit [VIDEO]Billy Connolly helped Hollyoaks star to recognise Parkinson's  [NEWS] He continued: "I have never ever been motivated by money in any job that I have ever taken and even though I love BBC Breakfast and everyone that works on the show, this is a fantastic opportunity to work with a brilliant team at Channel 5. "And also go and make some programmes outside of news." However, it didn't take Sally long to poke fun at her co-star for leaving. "We have been friends for 20 years, we have worked together for six months and you're off," Sally quipped. "I know," Dan simply replied before adding: "But you know that as I explained to you before all the news came out, that this has been a really difficult decision for me. "[It has been] probably the hardest decision I've ever had to make in my career because I love you to bits and I love working with you." "I love you too, Daniel," Sally told Dan before he concluded: "I love the team at BBC Breakfast and the six years I've had on this sofa have been the best six years of my career by some distance." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.