The Danish palace confirmed Prince Gustav of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg has become engaged to Carina Axelsson and they will marry on June 4. The ceremony will be intimate and will take place in the chapel of the prince's ancestral estate. Prince Gustav, 53, has strong ties with the Danish monarchy as he is the only son of Princess Benedikte, Queen Margrethe's younger sister. He is the godfather of Prince Vincent of Denmark, the second son of his cousin and future Danish King Crown Prince Frederik. The prince is also the son of Richard, 6th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, who died in 2017. Gustav and Carina have been together for 19 years. However, they have been unable to tie the knot for several years due to a clause in the will of the prince's grandfather, Prince Gustav Albrecht. This note - dating back to 1939 - stated his eldest grandson could inherit his German estate only if he married a Protestant of noble and Aryan origin. As Carina's mother is Mexican and was born a Catholic, she doesn't meet the requirements of the will. Gustav's grandfather and former head of the House of Sayn-Wittgenstein was a serving officer in the German army during WW2 and disappeared during a mission part of the campaign against the Soviet Union. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'underestimated' life without royal platform The family declared him dead only in 1969. It isn't clear how it is now possible for the couple to marry. Neither the Danish publication breaking the news of the upcoming marriage, Billed Bladet, nor the Danish palace has stated whether the will issue has been resolved. The publication reported the claim Gustav has fought for many years in the German Supreme Court to have the clause in his grandfather's will overturned. Prince Gustav inherited from his father Prince Richard, who died in 2017, the title of head of the House of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg and estate. The 53-year-old now lives at Schloss Berleburg-Wittgenstein, in the town of Bad Berleburg in Western Germany. Swedish-Mexican Carina is a children's author and a former model. The happy news of the engagement comes in the year the Danish sovereign is celebrating her Golden Jubilee. The Queen acceded to the throne on January 14 1972, following the death of her father. The Covid-19 pandemic forced the Danish palace to postpone the celebrations planned for the beginning of the year, with several events now scheduled to take place over the course of the upcoming months. Despite this, the Danish royal marked the anniversary of her accession to the throne by taking part with her son Frederik in a special, formal Council of State meeting. She also attended an event at the Danish Parliament and a wreath-laying ceremony at the tomb of late King Frederik IX and Queen Ingrid. Finally, the monarch was surprised by her family with a secretly-arranged dinner held at Christian VII's Palace at Amalienborg. In September, the Queen will hold a press conference and make an appearance with her family on the balcony of Christian IX's Palace. Among other events planned, Margrethe will also take part in a carriage procession going through Copenaghen city centre.