Manchester United are ready to offload three centre-backs this summer to make room for another new addition. On Tuesday night, the Red Devils' helpless 4-0 defeat at Liverpool was an unsettling reminder of the lack of defensive quality at their disposal despite years of spending. According to the Manchester Evening News, United will dip into the market for more defensive reinforcements as part of a major revamp under new manager Erik ten Hag this summer. And Villarreal centre-half Pau Torres, the subject of long-standing interest at Old Trafford, has re-emerged as a target. Torres has a £50million (€60m) release clause in his contract with the La Liga outfit and has seen his stock rise by helping his boyhood club reach the Champions League semi-finals. His potential arrival would contribute to a reshaping of United's defence at the start of a new era. The report claims United are ready to let out-of-favour duo Eric Bailly and Phil Jones depart, with both open to transfers away. And Axel Tuanzebe's future is uncertain after failing to fulfil his potential before uninspiring loan spells at Aston Villa and Napoli this season. JUST IN: Bruno Fernandes makes Man Utd dressing room speech after Anfield loss  Splashing out on centre-backs would be nothing new for United, whose £34m capture of Real Madrid's Raphael Varane last summer was the sixth signed since Sir Alex Ferguson's 2013 retirement. The Red Devils have spent £210m in total, but Daley Blind and Marcos Rojo are no longer at the club. Bailly will soon join them, there are doubts about Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof's quality, and Varane has struggled for fitness. Rangnick has stressed the importance that United start recruiting with the manager's playstyle as the single most important criteria, which must start this summer. READ MORE: Ralf Rangnick feels 'humiliated' after Liverpool record thumping win  Ten Hag will inherit a broken squad featuring players brought to the club by Ferguson and his unsuccessful successors Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Both of David Moyes' recruits - Marouane Fellaini and Juan Mata - will have left. The Ajax boss must be given the freedom the shape the squad by offloading the deadwood and acquiring players to match his philosophy for the long-term project at Old Trafford. And Torres' ball-playing ability and favoured left foot would seemingly suit the style he has impressively implemented in Amsterdam to a tee. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.