George Russell’s early advantage over Lewis Hamilton is not “any reflection” on the performance of the two drivers, according to former champion Mika Hakkinen. Speaking on his Unibet column, the two-time F1 champion claimed Russell has been “impressive” since his Mercedes debut but said luck played a part in beating Hamilton in Australia. Russell has an early advantage over Hamilton after stringing together a series of good points finishes. The Briton has picked up three top-five finishes this season, including a podium last time out in Melbourne. However, Hakkinen stressed this was not a true reflection of the pace between the pair as he predicted Hamilton to come back. The Finn also suggested the work of both drivers to pick up points while Mercedes was going through a bad patch was vital. He said: “George drove a really strong race and that third place was very important. It's really surprising to see him second in the World Championship, but his consistency and the car's reliability has been impressive – fourth in Bahrain, fifth in Saudi Arabia and now a podium in Australia. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton risk pays off after 'painful' pre-season decision "It's also noticeable that he is ahead of Hamilton, although the Safety Car had a big influence in Melbourne so I don't think that is any reflection of relative performance. Lewis and George are both doing a fantastic job for Mercedes while the team sorts out its performance problems, and that is another reason Red Bull need to fix their reliability issues. "This championship could easily develop into a three-way fight between these teams and Ferrari." Post-Australia, Russell said he was shocked to find himself second in the points standings after the first three races. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton 'waiting for a Brazilian passport' [COMMENT]Hamilton plans daring activity for Russell after Mercedes duo surf [INSIGHT]Leclerc can learn Hamilton lesson to avoid Verstappen issue in Imola [ANALYSIS] The former Williams man lies 34 points behind Ferrari's Charles Leclerc after capitalising on a series of retirements at Albert Park. Both Max Verstappen and Carlos Sainz failed to finish which bumped Russell up the table. Meanwhile, Hamilton lies three paces back in fifth but is only nine points behind his team-mate. Mercedes occupy second in the teams’ standings after consistently picking up strong results. Red Bull’s double retirement in Bahrain and Verstappen’s in Melbourne has been partly the cause of the Silver Arrows position in both standings. Russell said: “This weekend we were a long way behind our rivals but here we are standing on the podium. We’ve got to keep this up while we are on the back foot, maximise our points opportunities and I am sure we will get there after a few more races."