Arsenal will likely look to sign a new right-back this summer as reports claim Cedric Soares will leave at the end of the season. A departure for Cedric would leave just Takehiro Tomiyasu as the only recognised right-back in Mikel Arteta's squad. Tomiyasu has struggled with injury in his first season at the Emirates so it would be highly unlikely that Arteta would be happy to enter a new campaign with just one player in that position. Cedric has often filled in on the right of defence in Tomiyasu's absence. The Portugal international has had mixed fortunes and was given the run around by Manchester United star Jadon Sancho last weekend. And Italian outlet TuttoMercatoWeb claims Cedric will be on his way come the end of this season. The report says Newcastle are interested in signing the 30-year-old due to his versatility of also being able to play at left-back if required. But Porto are also interested in taking Cedric back to Portugal and are claimed to have made an offer to Arsenal of less than £4.2million. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp signs two-year contract extension until 2026  Cedric initially joined Arsenal on loan in January 2020 before moving on a permanent deal the following summer at the end of his contract at Southampton. He has made 50 appearances for the Gunners but has never been a regular when everyone has been fit. He still has two years remaining on his contract at the Emirates but it appears Arsenal are happy to part ways at the end of this term. Arsenal allowed Calum Chambers to leave in January, who was another player who could play at right-back. Ainsley Maitland-Niles has made it clear he prefers to play in midfield, while Hector Bellerin wants to make his loan move to Real Betis permanent. With Arsenal set to be back in European football of some capacity next season, they cannot rely solely on Tomiyasu at right-back. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer [GOSSIP]Mino Raiola 'in a bad position' in hospital as reps deny football super-agent has died [NEWS]Man Utd 'ruining their youngsters' with only Scott McTominay able to keep head above water [QUOTES]  Nottingham Forest's on-loan star Djed Spence has been linked with a host of Premier League clubs including Arsenal in recent months. Southampton's Tino Livramento emerged as a target for Arteta last week but has since suffered an anterior cruciate knee ligament injury to put an end to any chance of a deal this summer. Brighton's Tariq Lamptey and Norwich's Max Aarons have both been linked with Arsenal in recent windows. Whoever Arteta chooses, it is clear a right-back will be on his list of targets this summer.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here