The youngsters were partying at Secret Room, a lavish bar and nightclub in the country’s capital. Videos posted on Instagram appeared to show young men burning 50 ruble banknotes, the equivalent of 48 pence, on hot rocks for shisha pipes. The footage was posted on the Instagram page Richrussiankids, where young people flaunt their wealthy lifestyles online. Richrussiankids describes itself as a ‘Closed club of children of millionaires’. Among the group was Anastasia Minina, a model who claims she was a contestant in Miss Russia 2020, according to the Daily Star. A host of young businessmen were also tagged in the Instagram story, including Sergei Khitrov, a cryptocurrency entrepreneur who appeared on the Forbes 30 Under 30 List. The website of Secret Room boasts of having “all kinds of expensive alcohol and famous personalities” at the club. Wealthy Russian influencers were blasted last month for posting emotional videos on social media after President Vladimir Putin banned Instagram in the country, cutting off 80 million users. However, some tech savvy users can still reportedly find ways to access the app by obscuring their location using VPNs. As the youngsters partied, Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine with heavy shelling over the weekend, killing 10 civilians including a child and wounding 11 others around the city of Kharkiv. READ MORE: Putin's 'deep fear' about civilian uprisings One of the country’s largest airports in the east-central city of Dnipro was flattened by rocket fire. Harrowing reports continued to emerge from areas around the capital, Kyiv, following the withdrawal of Russian troops, where 1,2000 bodies have been found, according to Ukraine’s prosecutor general Iryna Venediktova.  Ukrainian authorities are investigating 5,600 cases of alleged war crimes committed by Russian troops since the invasion began, including executing civilians. The White House doubled down on its condemnation of Russia targeting civilians as war crimes following a missile strike on a Ukrainian railway station on Friday, in which 57 civilians were killed. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin plot backfires as TWO new countries to join NATO [LIVE]Putin appoints 'Butcher of Syria' to oversee Russia operations [LATEST]Support grows for Macron as losing candidates rally against Le Pen [BREAKING] US President Joe Biden’s administration called Friday’s attack “cruel and criminal and evil”. Missiles hit Kramatorsk train station on Friday morning as thousands of people waited to be evacuated to safer regions of the country. Meanwhile, nearly 3,000 people were evacuated through humanitarian corridors on Sunday, including 213 from Mariupol, according to the country’s deputy prime minister. The United Nations refugee agency has said that more than 4.5 million Ukrainian refugees have fled Ukraine since the invasion began on 24 February. 