Cleaning and tidying is something homeowners do on a regular basis. However, the way people clean their homes may not always be correct. Cleaning certain things the wrong way could actually be making them more dirty or making them more difficult to clean. Now, a cleaning expert has shared the five mistakes people might be making when they’re cleaning. In a video on the Instagram account swanbranduk, TikTok user @neat.caroline shared which mistakes homeowners might be making. She said: “I’m sharing five cleaning mistakes that you might be making. “Putting your toilet brush directly in the toilet holder right after you’ve cleaned the toilet. READ MORE: What to do with tulips after they have bloomed “Instead I recommend air drying the toilet brush underneath the toilet seat so that it doesn’t breed bacteria in the toilet roll holder.” Another mistake people might be making is “cleaning from the ground up”. Instead, homeowners should clean from the top down so when they’re done dusting or cleaning off surfaces, crumbs fall to the floor and then you can vacuum and mop. Another common mistake is using too much laundry detergent. DON'T MISSGarden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [INSIGHT]When to plant runner beans - key date to plant for a summer harvest [UPDATE]Homeowner vows to keep fence after council orders it to be torn down [ANALYSIS] The cleaning expert said: “You only need about a tablespoon of laundry detergent per regular load. “Otherwise, too much laundry detergent can strain the machine and leave a gross, soapy residue on your clothes.” Homeowners may also find themselves spraying cleaning products directly onto furniture. Instead, homeowners should spray onto a paper towel or cleaning cloth. She added: “Spraying onto paper towel prevents build up and streaky surfaces.” The cleaning expert also shared her hack for wiping down microwaves with white vinegar. She said: “Just wiping down the splattered stains inside a microwave inside enough. “Grab a cup of half white vinegar and half water and microwave for two minutes.  “The steam released from the vinegar will make it easy to remove all of the residue.” The reason vinegar is a great cleaning product is its acidity. White vinegar can be used to dissolve soap scum, remove limescale and sticky substances left behind from stickers. White vinegar can also be used with baking soda to clean.