Before speaking to Noel on This Morning, Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond played a clip from his series Supervet. The Channel 4 show follows the vet as he tends to animals at his practice. However, as the clip finished playing, Dermot put his script to his face as he admitted to feeling emotional while watching it. "Oh, man I am done in already," the ITV host said as he choked back the tears. "It's amazing, isn't it?" Alison chipped in as Dermot joked: "No, you're crying! "Now for his latest project Supervet, Noel is swapping the surgery for the stage as he's on a nationwide arena tour for animal lovers everywhere. He joins us now, good to have you." "That was so sweet to see your response to that," Noel replied. "It was beautiful, it was beautiful." READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’  Alison said: "It's about love and he's got a lot of love to give." "That's it," the vet added. "And that is what the tour is about." Later on in the interview, Noel discussed his own dog Keira, who tragically died last year at the age of 14. He recalled breaking down in tears as he discussed caring for a patient's puppy called Keira, who was named after Noel's dog. He continued: "Last night you won't believe this, but last night at midnight, I was sitting in the wards with a puppy called Keira named after my dog. "A border terrier that I fixed last night and that is the circle of life." Turning to Dermot, Noel added: "Yeah, honestly, I was tearing up like you were earlier because I just thought, as you said, that love coming back and it was magnificent. "Keira was on my last tour with me and during my very first talk about this tour, she comes back. Isn't that beautiful?" DON'T MISS...Neighbours theory: Hendrick Grayson to exit in tragic romance twist [SPOILERS]Simon Cowell speaks on shaking up BGT judging panel  [INISIGHT]Denise Welch clashes with Nadia Sawalha in fiery Prince Harry row  [VIDEO] Noel went on to discuss his career and what prompted his decision to become a vet. "From an early age, I was just really frustrated putting twigs on lambs' legs to mend them with bale or twine in the Republic of Ireland. "And seeing my dad with a lamb with a fractured leg and he could take any bit of bale or twine and fix the leg, and I thought, 'Wow!'" The Supervet went on to admit he got very frustrated because humans had surgery and equipment when they were ill, however, he questioned why animals didn't get treated the same way, and why animals were experimented on. "So, we're now in the crossfire between the future and the past," he explained to the hosts. "And I want to reflect on that in the tour. "I want to talk about why we're in that crossroads because if we want the cures for the future in cancer and stem cells and arthritis if we want those because you really want to cure those diseases, we should work together. "Animals and humans...one medicine so that's a big part of the show as well, love and oneness." This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.