The Government agency has been battling against a number of obstacles which have caused the backlog of paper applications. Drivers who are looking to renew their driving licence with a new photo will have a wait of at least six weeks, as the DVLA are still processing paper applications as of February 23, 2022. Anyone applying for a driving licence with a non-UK identity will also face delays, as applications for this are still being processed as of the end of February. The DVLA website states that the online services are as normal and without delay, advising drivers to use the “quickest, easiest, and often cheapest” way to deal with a licence renewal. When applying online, drivers should receive their driving licence or vehicle registration certificate (V5C) within five days. If a driver has already applied online, the application is already being processed. READ MORE: Scientists make breakthrough that doubles EV lifespans There are no delays with online transactions, with the DVLA urging drivers to use online services where possible. However, there are still delays with paper applications. Additional delays with paper applications may be more likely when processing more complex cases. This could be if medical investigations are needed as part of the driving licence application. DON'T MISSDriver fined for charging his EV at Lidl [SHOCKING]How much your car tax has gone up [WARNING]Martin Lewis gives desperate drivers fuel saving tips [INSIGHT] The following lists the date at which the DVLA are currently working on for its most popular paper applications. Renew a driving licence with a new photo - February 23, 2022 Apply for a first provisional driving licence with UK identity - March 1, 2022  Renew a driving licence if you’re 70 or over or after disqualification or revocation - March 28, 2022 Apply for a first vocational driving licence - March 30, 2022 Renew a vocational driving licence - March 30, 2022 Apply for a driving licence with non-UK identity - February 23, 2022  Apply for or renew a tachograph card - March 30, 2022 Apply to change your name or address on your driving licence - February 28, 2022 Tell DVLA about the sale of a vehicle - April 4, 2022 Vehicle registration certificate (V5C) changes - March 29, 2022 (Drivers must contact the DVLA within six weeks if they do not receive their vehicle document) Apply for a replacement V5C log book - March 16, 2022 (Drivers must contact the DVLA within six weeks if you do not receive your vehicle document) Register a vehicle for the first time (including previously used and imports) - March 21, 2022 Retain or assign a vehicle registration number - March 25, 2022