Mr Reed criticised the Chancellor of the Exchequer for having not disclosed his wife Akshata Murthy's finances. Ms Akshata came under fire last week for the leaked information about her non-dom tax status in the UK. The Shadow Justice Secretary then went on to call out top senior Tory rule breaks in Parliament, discussing PartyGate and Owen Paterson's suspension. Mr Reed discussed Leader of the Labour Party Angela Rayner calling on Lord Geidt to further investigate Mr Sunak's finances and income. BBC presenter Justin Webb said: "Are there further questions that he ought to be answering though and if so what are they?" Mr Reed told Radio 4's Today programme: "We believe there are, well Angela Rayner the Deputy Leader of the Labour Party wrote to the Prime Minister yesterday. "Detailing a whole list of concerns and it's that it seems that has triggered Rishi Sunak to refer himself to Lord Geidt this morning. "What really concerns me, is that there is a growing sense of self-entitlement right across the top of Government now. JUST IN: Brexit ‘silver lining’ for businesses as huge move making UK ‘more resilient’ to shocks Mr Reed added: "We saw it in PartyGate where the Government were breaking the laws they expected everyone else to follow. "Ripping up the rules after Owen Paterson and now with Rishi Sunak. "And some of the concerns include the Chancellor's failure to declare his wife's non-dom status in his register of interests. "And why that matters is because the finance act, this year just went through Parliament includes changes that benefit wealthy non-doms." READ MORE: Rishi Sunak refuses to resign as inquiry is launched into ‘damaging’ financial affairs     Ms Rayner proudly took to Twitter to showcase the letter she had written to the Prime Minister and Lord Geidt with questions included about Mr Sunak's non disclosed family finances. Part of Ms Rayner's letter read: “A fish rots from the head. It is the Prime Minister’s responsibility to bring this debacle to a close-by ensuring that standards are upheld across his Cabinet. Mr Sunak also wrote a letter requesting Mr Geidt's review of his finances. Mr Sunak said: “My overriding concern is that the public retain confidence in the answers that are given and I believe the best way of achieving this is to ensure those answers are entirely independent, without bias or favour,” A spokeswoman for Ms Murthy said: "Akshata Murthy is a citizen of India, the country of her birth and parents’ home. "India does not allow its citizens to hold the citizenship of another country simultaneously. "So, according to British law, Ms Murthy is treated as non-domiciled for UK tax purposes.  "She has always and will continue to pay UK taxes on all her UK income." 