The Met Office warned that there could be some delays to road, rail, air and ferry transport, adding that "short term loss of power and other services is possible". The wind warnings, issued in North West England, Wales and Northern Ireland, are in force overnight on Wednesday into Thursday morning. The snow warnings are in force in Central, Tayside & Fife, Grampian and Highlands & Eilean Siar. The Met Office said: "Winds will increase this evening across parts of Northern Ireland, with gusts to 50 or 55 mph likely in places, perhaps 60 mph in a few exposed spots, before easing beyond midnight. "Across North Wales and northwest England, winds are expected to peak during the early hours, when gusts will widely reach 50 to 60 mph, and possibly around 70 mph close to some coasts. "Here winds will ease somewhat by daybreak, and then more markedly during the morning." The forecaster said that the snow might also contribute to travel disruption, adding: "Some roads, and possibly railways, may be affected by snow, leading to longer journey times  "Possible icy surfaces leading to increased likelihood of injuries or accidents, probably mainly on higher roads." It added: "Overnight showers and longer spells of rain and sleet, will turn increasingly to sleet and hill snow by Thursday morning, leading to snow accumulations on higher ground, with 1-4 cm above 300 m. "Temporary low level accumulations are possible, perhaps mainly across Caithness but should be short-lived. "Ice may form on some inland and upland roads by morning." Weather forecaster WXCharts has forecast up to 5.5inches (14cm) of snow in parts of Scotland by Thursday, with up to 2.4inches (6cm) falling per hour across the region. On Thursday, up to 0.4inches (1cm) per hour is likely to fall in Newcastle and 0.1inches (0.3cm) per hour in Liverpool. According to WXCharts, minimum temperatures will reach lows of -5C in Scotland on Sunday, -1C in Newcastle and 0C in Birmingham and London. Predicting this evening's conditions, the Met Office says: "Rain or showers across Scotland moving southwards, turning to snow on hills. Clear spells central parts, with rain for a time in southern England. Windy with coastal gales." On Thursday, the forecaster expects "sunny spells and wintry showers across many parts of the UK; showers heavy at times and most frequent in north. Cloudier in far south at first with outbreaks of rain." Moving into Friday and Saturday, it warns Britons to expect "wintry showers across central and northern areas on Friday, perhaps some rain into southernmost counties for a time", adding: "Most places dry on Saturday but turning wetter and milder on Sunday". Looking ahead to next week, the forecaster has warned that the winds may continue. It says: "Progression of rain is somewhat uncertain, which could bring drier conditions to the northeast. "Strong winds and heavy rain may occur, the latter particularly over hills, with a chance of snow here. Weather warnings possible. "Towards the middle of the period, this unsettled theme should continue, with low pressure systems lying southwest of the UK. "In between occasional drier interludes, spells of rain and showers are likely, alongside strong winds. Temperatures generally remaining above average."