The Prince of Wales travelled to the North West of England yesterday as he paid a visit to the county of Cumbria. During his visit, the Duke of Cornwall met refugees from war-torn Syria and found out he had a shared passion with one of them. The Prince spoke to two refugee families, both of whom settled in Cumbria in 2017, after meeting local farmers and business owners at Hutton-in-the-Forest. The Grade I listed house, which is located near the village of Skelton, is home to the chairman of the Cumbria Local Enterprise Partnership and ex-Tory MEP Lord Richard Inglewood. His visit to Tebay Services also saw the heir apparent speak to farm shop manager Alan Roberts. Mr Roberts revealed Charles was "so interested in everything we did here". JUST IN: Queen puts people at ease with unique two-word technique to personalise all greetings The Prince spoke to two refugee families, both of whom settled in Cumbria in 2017, after meeting local farmers and business owners at Hutton-in-the-Forest. The Grade I listed house, which is located near the village of Skelton, is home to the chairman of the Cumbria Local Enterprise Partnership and ex-Tory MEP Lord Richard Inglewood. His visit to Tebay Services also saw the heir apparent speak to farm shop manager Alan Roberts. Mr Roberts revealed Charles was "so interested in everything we did here". READ MORE: Queen should be ‘monarch, not mother' when it comes to Andrew And it turns out Mr Moussa and the Prince of Wales both have a shared passion for gardening. Mr Moussa still keeps an allotment, according to the BBC. Prince Charles told BBC Radio 4 about his passion for gardening as a child. He said: "My sister and I had a little vegetable patch in the back of some border somewhere. DON'T MISS:'You used to shout at me so much' Harry jokes with Sandhurst PTI [VIDEO]Queen's uncle Edward VIII 'actively engaged' with plot to oust royals [INSIGHT]Meghan told to 'address thorny family issues' on Archetypes podcast [ANALYSIS] "We had great fun trying to grow tomatoes rather unsuccessfully and things like that." Prince Charles also shared part of his Cumbria trip on social media. Writing on Twitter, Clarence House said: "Today in Cumbria, The Prince of Wales commemorated the 50th anniversary of #Tebay Services Farm shop by sampling some of the local produce and meeting long-serving staff, apprentices & members of the Dunning family who own the business. "At Hutton-In-The-Forest The Prince also met members of the local farming community, innovative business owners and supporters of Newtown Rigg, which brings together committed experts of land based education."