Iain Dale, a political commentator and broadcaster, bought an electric car in November because he thought it would be cheaper to run and save him "thousands of pounds every year". But a nightmare journey last week has left him feeling much less positive about the vehicle. On a journey that was meant to take him four hours, Mr Dale ended up spending more than ten hours in his car. This came after all the fast chargers on his route were either in use or not working. This meant he was forced to rely on slow chargers to get him home. He also hit out at electric car manufacturers, claiming they "lie about the expected range" of the car. Mr Dale said: "On Friday night, I was invited to speak to Beverley and Holderness Conservatives. "The main difference when you drive an electric car on a long journey is that you have to plan. "In my old car, I could drive 600 miles without filling the tank, but if I ever nearly ran out of diesel there was always a petrol station around the corner. "The equivalent is not true if you have an electric car. "You have to plan your journey using apps such as Zap-Map, which tell you where the charging points are, and whether they’re being used, or working. "I got to Beverley OK, having recharged the car at Donington Park services on the M1, which has a few charging points. Some motorway services don’t have any. "The return journey proved to be a disaster. READ MORE: Tesla Supercharger network may allow EVs to charge 'within weeks' "I left Beverley at 9am and arrived home in Kent at 7.45pm. "A journey that should have taken four hours lasted an astonishing 10¾. It was a day completely wasted. "The problem was that the three fast chargers in Beverley were either in use or didn’t work. "So I had to use slow chargers to get to the next fast charger, which was 50 miles away. DON'T MISS: Britain set for -6C Arctic blast as Met Office forecasts MORE snow [REPORT] Warning of dog attack EPIDEMIC fuelled by lockdown 'impulse buys' [REVEAL] Drivers can save up to £16,000 on electric vehicles through grants [ANALYSIS] "Range anxiety is a real phenomenon. "The whole time you’re looking at the screen in front of you, wondering if you will run out of charge before you reach the next charger. And then what?" While UK Transport Secretary Grant Shapps last month announced a further £1.5bn investment in charge points by 2030, Mr Dale questioned whether or not this would fix the problem. Writing in the Telegraph, the broadcaster and political commentator said: "Fatally, he’s left it to local authorities to make sure the roll-out happens. "Mark my words, it won’t. Not without national direction." Giving advice to car buyers, he concluded: "My advice is this. If you only do relatively short journeys, then buying an electric car is a good decision. "If you regularly travel more than 150 miles, it isn’t. "In my experience, the car manufacturers lie about the expected range. "My electric car is supposed to do 298 miles. "The reality is that it does 206, or 215 if the weather is warm. Caveat emptor."