Aisleyne, 43, landed on her head after losing control of the racing buggy and crashing into a wall, according to reports. The reality star appeared bruised and battered in pictures shared online. Aisleyne was stretchered into the back of an ambulance wearing a neck brace. Witnesses said they feared the reality TV star would be left paralysed after she was left unable to move. Paramedics rushed Aisleyne to A&E where she was taken to a resuscitation room before getting a full-body CT scan to check for injuries. A source said: "Aisleyne crashed into a wall, flew out the kart and landed on her head. READ MORE: Madonna, 63, issues expletive fan warning after split from boyfriend "She was put into a brace, stretchered into an ambulance and rushed to hospital immediately for scans. "They took her straight into the resuscitation room when she arrived. "It was really scary. Everyone thought she could be paralysed for life after seeing what happened and the state she was in. "She was lying on the floor, not able to move after landing headfirst," the source added to The Sun, where images were shared by the publication. Big Brother 2006 star Aisleyne had been out on a team-building activity day with Celeb MMA competitors at Rye House Kart Raceway in Hertfordshire. James Lock, AJ Bunker, Carl Woods and Theo Campbell were among those racing with Aisleyne when the accident took place last night. She's now recovering at home - but her fight at the OVO Arena Wembley on June 24 is now under threat. The source added: "Aisleyne's back home now, but is suffering from really bad muscle spasms in her lower back. DONT MISS:Catherine Zeta-Jones wows fans as actress unveils youthful appearance (PHOTOS)Julia Bradbury in tears recalling reunion with kids after mastectomy (NEWS)'You f****r!' Gary Lineker's row with motorist amid 'road rage' (LATEST) "She's going to have to do a lot of therapy to see whether she's fit enough to be able to go ahead with her big fight." Aisleyne is one of 16 celebrities undergoing 12 weeks of rigorous training ahead of facing an opponent in the cage for their big fight on June 24. Aisleyne's representative told the same publication: "Aisylene has been released from hospital following the shocking incident and is home recovering with the support of close family." The star recently claimed she's made £1million on OnlyFans after getting her Brazilian bum lift and posting pictures of her feet. The 43-year-old underwent her butt enhancement in December 2020 in Spain and is making the most of her peachy behind by sharing snaps of it with her fans for £19 a month. Television personality Aisleyne says showing off her round bottom has helped her rake in hefty amounts of cash. It has seen her make as much as the likes of OnlyFans celebrity success stories, including Lauren Goodger, Kerry Katona and Megan Barton Hanson.