From June 15, new residential homes and buildings will be required to have an electric car charging point installed, in a law change to help boost EV infrastructure across the country. Charlie Cook, Founder and CEO of Rightcharge, believes this move is good for the adoption of electric vehicles, but there may be some issues with people’s tariffs. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “June’s legislation ensuring that all new buildings will have an electric vehicle charger built into them is a positive step towards encouraging more EV adoption. “However, there is a risk that if a one size fits all approach is adopted then many of these chargers may need to be replaced when the occupant moves in. “Choosing the right EV charger is dependent on many aspects such as how the home generates power, the energy tariff the occupant is on, the number of EVs at the household as well as other factors such as budget and personal tastes. “I hope that when the solution is implemented it considers these factors. READ MORE: Driver who queued for 17 minutes to pay for parking gets fined £270 “For example, homeowners that buy off plan could be given the option of choosing their own EV charger, in the same way that they often choose appliances such as washing machines before they move in.” Any residential buildings with associated parking must also have access to electric vehicle charge points once the law is introduced later this year. This comes as the Government looks to boost all types of electric vehicle infrastructure across the UK, most recently with a £1.6billion investment for the EV “revolution”. It is hoped this will include a tenfold expansion in public EV charge points to support those without access to off-street parking. DON'T MISSGB News guest claims electric car 'broke after a few months' [INSIGHT]Motorists risk £1,000 fine for asking for spare change at car park [WARNING]More than half of all new cars in the UK should be electric by 2028 [URGENT] There are set to be around 300,000 public chargers available by 2030, in addition to the £950 Rapid Charging Fund which supports the rollout of 6,000 super-fast chargers. Mr Cook also spoke about the chances drivers have to save significant amounts of money with an EV-friendly tariff. He added: “By switching away from a variable tariff to an EV-friendly tariff, drivers can schedule for overnight charging and reduce their bills by over £300 per year. “With the typical British household now paying around £1,971 per year after the recent 54 percent increase in the energy price cap, they could reduce their bills by over 15 percent Council tax, water bills and car tax bills also increased from April 1.  “At a time when UK households are facing price hikes like this, savings like this can make a real difference.” On April 1, the Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme (EVHS) also came to an end for many eligible households. This allowed EV owners to install a charging station on their house alongside a Government grant which provides a 75 percent contribution to the cost of one chargepoint and its installation, up to £350. From April 2022, the EVHS is now only open to homeowners who live in flats and people in rental accommodation including flats and single-use properties. A number of companies offer drivers the chance to install EV chargers on their homes at a discounted rate, many of which come bundled with EV-friendly tariffs to save as much money as possible. Some estimates have found that by being on an EV friendly tariff and charging overnight at home, drivers could save over £1,000 per year compared to filling up with petrol or diesel. The EV home charger law was originally pledged by Boris Johnson as a way to modernise buildings to adapt to the growing desire and demand for EV chargers. Speaking in November 2021, the Prime Minister called it a “pivotal moment”, adding that an estimated 1450,000 EV chargers would be installed as a result of the regulations.