Barcelona could attempt to save Romelu Lukaku from his disastrous Chelsea return this summer as Xavi Hernandez eyes more attacking reinforcements at Camp Nou. After the Blues re-signed Lukaku for a club-record £100million, things haven't gone according to plan, and he could depart for a second time later this year. According to Marca, 'everything indicates' that the 28-year-old will leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season based on 'what he is saying'. Lukaku 'isn't comfortable at Chelsea' and has 'several suitors', one of which is understood to be Barcelona. The report claims the La Liga giants have already moved for his services, with Mateu Alemany and Jordi Cruyff meeting his agent Federico Pastorello over a potential transfer. They are thought to view Lukaku as their 'Plan C' if moves for Erling Haaland or Robert Lewandowski fail to materialise. Despite the rumblings, the situation is 'very complicated' because Chelsea are yet to pay off £77.1m (€92m) from the blockbuster deal to bring Lukaku back to west London. The Belgium international's future could depend on the desires of the club's new owner, with Todd Boehly set to be named Roman Abramovich's successor. JUST IN: Todd Boehly 'wins race' to buy Chelsea in £3.5bn deal Lukaku flourished into one of Europe's most dangerous strikers under Antonio Conte at Inter Milan last season. He registered 30 goals and 11 assists in 44 appearances in all competitions, helping Inter lift their first Serie A title in 11 years. His Premier League was met with eager anticipation about how he would fare after how his stint at Manchester United trickled out. And he has struggled to impress, scoring 10 goals in 38 games and falling out of favour with head coach Thomas Tuchel, who has recently preferred Kai Havertz as his central striker. READ MORE: Tottenham chief Daniel Levy won't lose Antonio Conte 'for two reasons' Lukaku's struggles have been worsened by Tammy Abraham's success at AS Roma after Tuchel sanctioned his sale to make way for the Belgian. Abraham's 24-goal tally is exactly double his successor's, whilst Armando Broja, on loan from Chelsea, has netted more times in the Premier League - six goals to five. However, given the finances involved in Lukaku's return last summer, it would be a significant surprise if he left Stamford Bridge just one year later. Barcelona are in the market for a new striker, though, and could turn to the Premier League again after Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Ferran Torres and Adama Traore's January arrivals. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.