Pavement slabs can look worse for wear after a long winter with moss staining the surface. While a pressure wash is one way to rinse lingering dirt from your garden paving, stubborn growth will need a deeper treatment. If you discover a patch of moss on your pavement, there is no need to rush out and purchase a harsh chemical to kill it. According to gardening experts and Home Guides, a simple home remedy bleach solution will do the job. Moss consists of tiny soft plants that grow together in mats or clumps. As moss reproduces when its spores are blown in the wind, it can end up on any surface, such as a roof, driveway or pavements. Moss even produces its own food, eliminating the need to draw nutrients from the soil. The gardening pros explained how to safely use bleach to rid pavements of moss whilst avoiding any discolouration and saving plants in the process. READ MORE: Weeds: How to get rid of weeds using ‘cheap and natural’ methods They said: “Although straight bleach will kill any moss in its path, it will also discolour your pavement and kill nearby plants. “Diluting the bleach will prevent the discolouration of your pavement, save your plants and still remain powerful enough to quickly get rid of any moss clumps.” The experts suggest filling a five gallon bucket with water and adding 20 ounces of liquid bleach to form a solution. They detailed how gardeners should go about applying the bleach solution to pavements. The gardening gurus explained: “Transfer your diluted bleach solution to a garden or backpack sprayer. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to unblock drains using white vinegar and baking soda [COMMENT]Laundry: ‘Cheap’ and ‘effective’ ways to remove clothing stains [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [TIPS] “Spray the bleach solution over the moss mats so the moss is completely soaked. “Wait 15 minutes for the bleach to do its job before rinsing the area with warm water. Come back in a few hours to check that the moss has turned yellow. “Remove the dead moss by scrubbing the area with a scrub brush. It won't be hard to do. Rinse the pavement clean.” This method can also be carried out using washing up liquid or limes instead of bleach, however, it will not work as “quickly”. The experts said: “Bleach isn't the only home remedy for moss, although it is the one that will work the quickest. “Another option is to use dishwashing liquid. “Fill a five gallon bucket with water. Then add 20 ounces of dishwashing liquid. Stir and distribute the solution over the moss mats. Wait 24 hours for the moss to die before raking or scrubbing it off the pavement.” A third option involves the use of hydrated lime, according to experts. Gardeners can mix whole limes with water, then  spray over the clumps of moss and wait 24 hours for the moss to turn yellowish-brown before removing. Use this option only if your soil is acidic. As the bleach solution will only keep the moss away for a year, instead of reapplying the bleach solution year after year, try preventing it from returning. Prevention involves making sure the pavement is receiving direct sunlight. Gardeners may have to trim some tree branches to accomplish this. They’ll also need to make sure the area surrounding the pavement has proper drainage as moss needs moisture to reproduce. Finally, have a soil test performed on the ground near your pavement. Moss likes acidic soils that are below a pH of 5.8. If your soil falls in this category, amend the soil with lime.