Strictly Come Dancing judge Shirley Ballas said she had a "wobble" after the BBC favourite learned of her friend and fellow dancer Maurizio Vescovo's struggles as a competitor. The on-screen star explained that his candid message brought back "not so pleasant memories" for the dancer. Taking to Instagram stories, the 61-year-old could be seen getting her hair done, in view of her 237,000. Shirley began: "I'm getting my hair done but I definitely had a wobble this morning. The state of my industry is terrible. "Fighting, arguing, people not coming together and being on the same page. "Consequently this morning, some things got written and it really triggered some of the things I've encountered in this industry. So, I had a wobble." READ MORE: Will and Jada Smith could face 'one of ugliest showbiz divorces ever' She went on: "It's ok to have a wobble. My thoughts are always with the next generation of dancers. "Keeping things transparent, clean and beautiful. All the people can have a voice and we can all say our own opinion on how they feel. She added: "I was triggered by a post written by Maurizio Vescovo who is my friend. "He's definitely bringing back some not so pleasant memories."  The BBC judge added: "Hit a nerve today." The Strictly star tagged the Latin dance champion in the emotional video. Shirley also shared a lengthy message which was shared on the picture-sharing site by Maurizio who claimed he experienced bullying during his dance career. She went on to thank Maurizio and shared that she is happy to have him as her friend now. DON'T MISS... Aljaz Skorjanec sparks frenzy with risqué pic of topless wife Janette[LATEST]Nick Knowles ‘rages’ at backlash over new partner 'Wealthier than me!'[ADMISSION]Stacey Solomon issues apology over 'unrelatable' swimming pool update[APOLOGY] He penned: "I was a victim of numerous political threats, manipulation and bullying during my dance career. "Surely I've made mistakes to be involved in them, mostly by being pushed into it because of my vulnerability, and the thought to 'just dance'... I regret it so much." Maurizio added: "NOW - WE the dance community went way too far and 'Enough is enough!' "I notice that where there is a lot of money involved, people lose integrity, and choose money over making the right choices for the future of our dancers. He concluded: "Our art form. Our love for dance!" Shirley has been vocal in recent years about her experiences in the dance industry and has previously shared that she too experienced bullying. The star went into detail about her life and career in her autobiography Behind the Sequins. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year.