Manchester United's incoming boss Erik ten Hag has been told to oversee a major overhaul of the club's squad. Rangers legend Ally McCoist says United are miles behind their rivals and need a clean sweep of their playing staff before they can think of challenging again. The Red Devils will finish a fifth-successive season without silverware this term. They will be aiming to end that drought under Ten Hag next year. Last week, United decided on the Ajax boss as their preferred candidate to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick. And on Tuesday The Athletic claimed an agreement had been struck with the 52-year-old. United now look unlikely to qualify for the Champions League next season, currently sitting six points behind Tottenham in fourth. McCoist says there are some quality players at the club but they do not gel together. READ MORE: Rudiger names two Real Madrid stars with 'individual class' who killed Chelsea  Therefore he thinks a lot of them need to be moved on at the end of the season. The Scot told talkSPORT: “They are just not good enough, they are off it. "Top four is miles away. You look at the games they have to play, Liverpool and Arsenal, [Crystal] Palace, Chelsea. "There is just a malaise throughout the place. There is no spirit, no life about them. DON'T MISSRafael van der Vaart warns Man Utd players about Erik ten Hag - ‘Get thrown out’ [QUOTES]Erik ten Hag’s striker preference explained as Cristiano Ronaldo wanes for Man Utd [REPORT]Four Arsenal players Wolves could accept in Ruben Neves swap [TRANSFERS]  "I watched the game at the weekend and it was baffling. You look at the players – Manchester United have got some fantastic players but they are not a good team. "They haven’t got that blend in a team. Honestly, it could take a long time for Manchester United to get themselves back where they want to be because they are miles off from Liverpool and Manchester City. "Obviously a new coach is going to come in and I just think it is going to take a complete clean sweep of the squad. This is going to need an overhaul.”  United have four first-team players who are out of contract this summer. Jesse Lingard, Edinson Cavani and Juan Mata all look set to leave on free transfers. Paul Pogba also sees his contract expire at the end of the season. However, United are still hopeful of convincing the Frenchman to extend his stay at the club. Meanwhile, United will have to pay a £1.7million compensation fee to release Ten Hag from his Ajax contract. His current deal with the Dutch giants is set to expire in 2023. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 