The second bank holiday weekend of April has arrived, and what better time to get out in the garden to do some timely sowing, planting and pruning. As we reach the final month of spring, there’s a lot to get done before the warmer weather arrives in May - but what are the most urgent jobs to tick off this weekend? These are the five key gardening jobs to get done in April, according to resident gardener at Sutton Manor Nursery, William Mitchell. May marks the final month of spring when temperatures begin to climb throughout the country. The warmer weather will bring a host of new plants to sow and prune, but it’s crucial to tie up some loose ends in April before focusing on your early summer garden. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, resident gardener William Mitchell said: “In these spring months, the gardening jobs that need to be done truly are endless. “This is why it is super important to stay up to date with the jobs that need to be completed so that you don’t fall behind with your garden.” READ MORE: Why has Adam Frost moved house? Inside 'scaled back' garden Pruning, planting and sowing are crucial at this time of year, but which garden plants should you be focusing on? Vibrant seasonal blooms should be pruned before and after flowering, so clean-up your secateurs and get to work on: Getting these out the way in April is vital so that you can get started on the pruning of different plants in May. April truly is the perfect month to think about the sowing of seeds, according to William. He said: “You must take advantage of the April showers and get both your soft fruit and vegetables planted as soon as you possibly can.” It's very important to get young seedlings growing now, as the window for your plants to be at peak bloom in the fast-approaching summer months is extremely small. DON'T MISS:David Domoney shares ‘key’ to growing ‘spectacular’ wisteria [INSIGHT]Gardening: How to use cola to ‘boost’ your compost heap [ANALYSIS]Gardening: Avoid using 44p trick to remove lawn moss - ‘not effective’ [REVEAL] Slugs and snails will become a nuisance in your garden over the summer, but they can be easily removed as soon as they appear in April. William said: “There are so many different ways to get rid of slugs, naturally and using chemicals. “The most natural way to deter snails and slugs would be to use plants that act as natural pesticides. “Plants that have this ability include wormwood, rue, fennel, anise and rosemary.” Add potted varieties of these key species and keep them near problem areas in your garden. Good plant hygiene is essential to support healthy, fruitful growth, and there’s plenty that can be done to improve your garden before May arrives. Getting rid of any dead leaves or faded blooms that fungal diseases could take hold of is easy to do and will keep your plants thriving beyond April. William said: “Simply checking on your plants and getting rid of any dead leaves or faded blooms is such a simple job, yet the implications if you neglect this can be catastrophic. “Fungal pathogens are hugely harmful to your garden as in very serious cases they can cause dead plants as they cause an accumulation of toxins within the plant.” Dead and browning leaves on your plants are just one of the tell-tale signs of springtime diseases. Summer bedding season has almost arrived, so be prepared and take a trip to your local gardening centre to stock up. If you’re looking for recommendations, William said you should stick to the beautiful “summer staples” such as cosmos, sunflowers and nasturtium flowers. He added: “While these are the most popular, there are hundreds of beautiful flowers that will help to add an exotic touch to your outdoor areas. “Less well-known flowers such as California poppies, lobelia and antirrhinum will also add some elegance to your beds.”