Manchester United's former striker Robin van Persie is reportedly considering a return to the club if Erik ten Hag is confirmed as the next Red Devils boss. Van Persie has been offered the chance to be a part of Ten Hag's coaching team. The Dutchman is currently an assistant coach at Eredivisie side Feyenoord, the club he spent two years at as a player. But he could be tempted back to Old Trafford this summer. Ten Hag is the overwhelming favourite to be announced the new United manager. ESPN reports that United chiefs have decided upon appointing the 52-year-old and are finalising a deal with his current club Ajax which would see him take over at the end of the season. And the Mail reports United want to bring in Van Persie as one of the coaches alongside Ten Hag. Van Persie retired from playing in 2019 and became an assistant at Feyenoord in 2020. READ MORE: Ronaldo left boy 'bruised' after smashing phone as mum of Everton fan speaks out  He spent three years at United between 2012 and 2015, with his first season undoubtedly his best in Manchester. Following his arrival from Arsenal, Van Persie scored 26 Premier League goals to lead United to their last title victory. The report claims Van Persie has strong family ties in Holland. But he is yet to decide if he will leave his home country to move back to United. Van Persie won't be Ten Hag's No 2 if his appointment is confirmed. That looks set to be the former England boss Steve McClaren. McClaren was assistant to Sir Alex Ferguson at Old Trafford between 1999 and 2001. He has not managed at senior level since leaving QPR in 2019. DON'T MISSAntonio Conte relying on double Tottenham exit before making James Maddison bid [TRANSFERS]American billionaire Ken Griffin makes Chelsea transfer promise if takeover gets go-ahead [QUOTES]How Man Utd missed out on 7 world-class stars including Mane and Robben for £46m [TRANSFERS]  Ten Hag is also claimed to want to bring his current assistant at Ajax Mitchell van der Gaag with him to England. However, he is yet to accept United's offer and has a Bundesliga club interested in his services. Whoever takes over in the summer will have a huge job on their hands. United's top four hopes took another huge dent on Saturday when they lost 1-0 to relegation-threatened Everton. Ralf Rangnick's side sit seventh in the Premier League table, six points behind Tottenham in fourth. Norwich are the visitors to Old Trafford next Saturday before United make the trip to title-challenging Liverpool the following Tuesday.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here