Erik ten Hag has been left ‘irritated’ by reports suggesting he wants full control over transfers at Manchester United, it has been claimed. The Dutchman is ahead of Mauricio Pochettino when it comes to replacing Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. His current focus is with Ajax, however, with the European giants hoping to win another Eredivisie title. Manchester United had originally been leaning towards Pochettino when they dismissed Ole Gunnar Solskjaer back in November, less than 24 hours after a chastening 4-1 defeat to Watford. Yet it’s Ten Hag who is now the main contender to replace Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign, having done well with Ajax over the past five years. Widespread reports have suggested the former Bayern Munich coach wants full say on transfers at United but, now, the Telegraph say that isn’t the case. It’s stated Ten Hag has become ‘irritated’ by suggestions he’s been demanding full control on that matter. And that’s because history suggests it’s not something the Dutchman would want, with the Ajax boss working under a sporting director over in Amsterdam. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz There is no denying, though, that this United team needs a rebuild. With every week that passes comes another blow, with results going from bad to worse. United were abysmal as they slumped to a nightmare 1-0 defeat to Everton on Saturday afternoon, with Anthony Gordon scoring the only goal of the game. And that means they’re looking increasingly likely to miss out on Champions League football next term, with rivals Tottenham and Arsenal ahead of them in that race. When it comes to potential signings United could make under Ten Hag, several players have been linked. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Ten Hag may raid Ajax for Brazilian winger Antony, who has drawn comparisons with Neymar amid his fine form in the Netherlands. Antony’s team-mate, Jurrien Timber, is another player who has been tipped to join with the centre-back enjoying a positive season so far. United are likely to want a new midfielder with Paul Pogba looking increasingly set to leave for free at the end of the campaign, when his contract expires. And the club believe Declan Rice would be a good addition, though West Ham want in the region of £150million to let him go. United will also require a new striker, especially with Edinson Cavani and Anthony Martial not expected to be strutting their stuff at Old Trafford next term. And it’s possible they’ll move for Tottenham’s Harry Kane, though Spurs finishing in the top four would likely see the Red Devils’ position on a potential deal change. Speaking recently, meanwhile, Markus Babbel gave his view to Express Sport about Ten Hag. And he expressed a belief that Ten Hag will take over if he’s given sufficient transfer backing by the club’s hierarchy. “If Manchester United want him, they’ll get him,” he said. “He’s been in Amsterdam for years now. A fantastic club, big club, but the Dutch league isn’t the strongest in European football. “You can win the league, maybe the double, but that’s about it. “If you have the chance to join a club like Manchester United, you need to do it. But it depends on what he wants. “Of course, there are big problems at Manchester United, many players unhappy, unlikely to qualify for the Champions League so it’s not going to be easy. “Now, if he can choose four, five or six players in the next transfer window, he’ll do it. “But if not, then why would he leave his perfect life in Amsterdam?”