Lee Parker, 55, called the warden an “immigrant” and told her to “shut up and move on” after being told he couldn’t park in a loading bay. Parker pleaded guilty to racial or religious harassment after hurling abuse towards Melissa Marques in Worcester. Ms Marques told Parker, who had been out shopping with his wife at the time, that he cannot park in a loading bay. Parker reacted by telling Ms Marques to “shut up and move on” before driving around the corner and parking on double yellow lines instead. But Ms Marques followed Parker before telling him to move again. Parker then became enraged and said: “Who are you talking to? READ MORE: Land Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist “You're an immigrant. Where are you from you immigrant? “Get out of the country.” A member of the public attempted to intervene during the incident on July 7 last year, but Parker then insulted them with a homophobic slur. Parker also told him: “You're lucky there are people about,” before driving off. DON'T MISS Cyclists urged to be careful amid Highway Code changes [WARNING] Drivers could be fined £1,000 for not drinking enough water [REVEAL]Woman hits out at council after it painted a disabled bay around car [SHOCKING] On Thursday, Parker admitted to racially or religiously aggravated intentional harassment during a hearing at Worcester Magistrates Court. Eleanor Peart, prosecuting, told the court: "This matter is a hate crime. “The officer had asked Mr Parker to move the vehicle and he was immediately rude to her, telling her to "shut up and move on" before he parked around the corner on double yellow lines, followed by the officer.” Ms Peart also told the court how Parker abused a police officer during the incident. She added: “He was confrontational, saying it was boring and a waste of time to him. “He left and called the complainant an immigrant – not before squaring up to the police officer and calling him a prat.” Ms Marques has since left the job, saying how she regularly had “members of the public abuse her”. But Fergus Maxwell, mitigating, hit back at the “hate crime” calls, while adding that Parker was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder after being stabbed ten years ago. Maxwell said: “Just because an offence is racially aggravated, it does not necessarily mean it's a hate crime. I don't think it's a hate crime. “Ten or 11 years ago he was the victim of a very serious attack which resulted in him ending up in ICU. “He almost lost his life in a totally unprovoked attack.” On top of the £200 fine, Parker was also ordered to pay compensation, costs, and a victim surcharge fee totalling £269.