Arsenal icon Paul Merson has questioned the logic behind Manchester United's decision to agree a new and improved contract with Bruno Fernandes when they are yet to appoint a new permanent manager. Fernandes, who joined the Red Devils from Sporting back in 2020, has signed a long-term deal until the summer of 2026 to put him among the club's highest earners but Merson believes that United may have jumped the gun by finalising the agreement before ending their managerial search. "Bruno Fernandes’ contract situation is an interesting one and pretty much sums up where Manchester United are as a club at the moment," Merson told Sportskeeda. "I’m not saying he’s a bad player by any stretch of the imagination, but how can they give someone a five-year contract when they haven’t even got a permanent manager?"What if a new manager comes in and doesn’t quite fancy Fernandes, because there’s every chance coaches won’t like the way he throws his hands up in frustration or his style of play. He’s a good player and I like him, but he hasn’t set the world alight at Manchester United this season."I just find it a bit strange that they’ve given a massive long-term contract to a player when they haven’t sorted out their managerial dilemma. It’s a big call by the club." JUST IN: Newcastle ‘offer £1m bonus’ to Philippe Coutinho as Magpies eye move Fernandes has emerged as one of United's most important players since his arrival at Old Trafford, chipping in with 49 goals and 39 assists from 117 appearances for the Red Devils in all competitions. He has featured in all but two of his side's Premier League matches since the beginning of the current season and will be looking to fire on all cylinders to help the club achieve a top-four finish between now and the end of the campaign.The midfielder scored two goals for Portugal against North Macedonia earlier this week to seal his country’s place at this year's World Cup and will be desperate to continue leading the attacking charge for United over the coming months. He spoke of his delight after signing his new contract at the club on Friday and insisted that he is looking forward to ending their five-year trophy drought by winning major honours in the not-too-distant future. "It is a true privilege to wear this shirt and to fight for our incredible club," Fernandes told United's official website. "There is so much more that I want to achieve here, and I know that is the same for the rest of the squad and staff."More than anything, we want to give the fans the success that they deserve. We have shared some great moments over the last years, but the best is yet to come from myself and this team." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here