The price of food has risen across almost all groups in the UK - but despite the UK consistently being one of the most expensive places to live in Europe, there are other countries where buying your food will set you back considerably more. Research conducted by Coffee Friend analysed data from comparison site Expatistan on the cost of living in 30 European capitals - and it would appear that the UK food shop is not as expensive as a number of EU countries. Analysing the average price of basic food shop items such as bread and milk, Coffee Friend found the UK sits in the top third of most expensive European countries - but some of the EU’s biggest economies are more expensive. In London, the average price of bread and milk sits at 83p and 93p respectively - but several EU capitals rank higher. In Rome, the average price of bread is £1.14, whereas milk is £1.43. Other kitchen staples like a kilogram of potatoes and tomatoes each come in at an average of £1.36 and £1.80. READ MORE: Cost of living crisis: Exactly how much has your food bill risen? In the UK, potatoes are 90p - but tomatoes are more expensive than Rome at £2.60 on average. Paris beats both Rome and London, with an average price for bread being £1.30. Copenhagen is the most expensive place to buy food staples, with bread setting you back £1.78 and milk £1.34. Other commodities, like cheese (£8), tomatoes (£3.25) and potatoes (£1.54), are all more expensive than in other EU capitals. Some capital cities have lower prices than the UK, however. Buying food is on average cheaper in Athens and Madrid, with the price of bread ranging from 62p to 68p. A basic food shop overall will also set you back less in Germany than in England; A basket consisting of bread, milk, eggs, tomatoes, potatoes, and apples will cost you £13.77 in Berlin - but in England, the same will cost you £15.27. DON'T MISSNATO wants Sweden's military might 'They're more powerful' [INSIGHT]‘France worse off with Le Pen’: former PM warns Le Pen 'can win' [ANALYSIS]Europe is in danger, says Zelensky [REPORT]