There are many things that can happen during a DWP investigation and there are various types of evidence they may be looking at such as a person's social media and bank accounts. The DWP is responsible for overseeing a number of benefits and payments including Universal Credit, PIP and the state pension. As the cost of living crisis continues, these funds continue to be vital support for those on the lowest incomes. The UK Government announced plans to give an extra £150million to the DWP at the start of 2022 to help crack down on Universal Credit fraudsters. It comes after figures showed the DWP prevented at least £1.9billion of fraud during the first year of the pandemic. According to the Daily Record, the Government is using the money to improve the Department's ability to detect benefit fraud and catch fraudsters. READ MORE: Dragons' Den pitcher secured the 'best deal' in history of show - business now worth £30m DWP investigators will carry out property checks, follow up on the earning declarations of self-employed claimants and cross-check bank details. The DWP’s definition of benefit fraud is when “someone obtains state benefit they are not entitled to or deliberately fails to report a change in their personal circumstances”. The most common form of benefit fraud is when a person receives unemployment benefits while working. It could also be by not reporting a change in circumstances, or providing false information. Such as a person could be faking an illness or an injury to get unemployment or disability benefits, or failing to report income from a business or employment to make income seem lower than it actually is. Another is when claimants state that they live alone, but are financially supported by a partner or spouse. Many DWP investigators wear plain clothes and can show up at someone’s home or work at any time, so having knowledge about their investigations can make a big difference. In each circumstance, the DWP will need sufficient evidence which shows that someone is receiving a benefit that they should not be entitled to. Fraud investigators have a wide range of powers which enable them to gather evidence in a number of ways, including surveillance, interviews, and document tracing. The DWP have a sophisticated means of detecting when fraudulent activity might be taking place - which means anyone receiving benefits from the DWP could be investigated at any time. If an investigation is going to take place, Britons will be notified in writing, email or by telephone. As soon as there is enough evidence of potential fraud, the DWP will launch an official investigation and notify you. The investigators are allowed to gather many types of evidence against a potentially fraudulent claimant. The DWP can use special powers to collect relevant details, granted under the Social Security Administration Act. However, in some cases, it may also be relevant to look at a person’s social media account. If a person’s life on social media is not consistent with their claim for benefits, it may provide important evidence.