Home staging is quickly becoming the easiest way to add value to a home quickly, and new research has revealed that homeowners should invest in a minimalistic design to potentially add £10,000 to their house value. For those looking to sell their property, they have most likely scoured the market, sorted their finances and found a reputable estate agent. The next job on the list to sell a home is to spruce up the property. A new survey by interior experts Hammonds Furniture has revealed just how important interior style is, with two out of five Britons saying finding a property that is decorated in a way they like is a top priority when house-hunting. A minimalist home decor style with white walls, clean lines and no clutter, was found to be most popular among house hunters. Kirsty Oakes, Head of Product and Marketing at Hammonds Furniture, explained that part of the appeal of a minimalist home is that buyers can see themselves living in it. She said: “It’s important for house hunters to picture themselves living in a potential new home. READ MORE: Property: How to make a ‘bigger impact’ on your house value “So, it’s only natural that they might be drawn to houses that are decorated either in a style that’s to their tastes, or in a minimalist design that instead allows them to imagine how they might decorate the rooms themselves.” The survey of 2,000 UK adults found that over one in 10 Britons claimed they would offer up to £5,000 above the asking price for a minimalist home. The style is even more popular with Gen Z’ers. The survey found that 12 percent of 18 to 24-year-olds would offer up to £10,000 over the asking price for a home that was decorated in the style. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to ‘easily’ clean oven glass ‘properly’ - ‘no scrubbing’ [COMMENT]Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [TIPS]Garden pests: How to ‘effectively’ get rid of ants ‘within a week’ [EXPERT] The PropTech startup and home sale expert, flip, agrees that decor can have a massive impact on the value of a home. Olivia Ives, flyp’s Head of Client Success said: “A property can have loads of valuable features, but if they’re concealed by clutter, or not demonstrated to a buyer, their imagination often won’t stretch to see the home’s full potential. “Minimalist decor is a fine balance between considered and pared-back design.” The kitchen is one of the trickiest places to achieve this but with some scandinavian kitchen ideas, homeowners can create a dreamy space that appeals to buyers. Bold, colourful interiors are a no-go for a quick sale. Although loud, bold interiors are trending, a simple interior will sell better. Nearly a third of house hunters said they would offer below the asking price for a house decorated in a maximalist style and 31 percent claimed they would also pay less for bohemian and art deco styles. Property expert Nick Neill, Managing Director, EweMove Sales & Lettings Ltd, said: “Often, sellers make the mistake of thinking that people are buying the house, not ‘my stuff’ inside it.” But the truth is that most viewers can’t see beyond the current owner’s decor, furniture and overall look and feel. This means home sellers with eccentric or less popular designs often struggle to sell their homes quickly. Nick continued: “The style that most buyers are attracted to is minimalism. “It creates the feeling of a clean, light spacious home which lets people imagine themselves living there.”