The report chaired by former senior midwife and nurse, Donna Ockenden was an Independent Review of Maternity Services at Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust and it revealed failings which led to the deaths of 201 babies and nine mothers and many more instances of trauma for mothers when they were at their most vulnerable. The multi-disciplinary review team examined cases involving 1,486 families between 2000 and 2019, and reviewed 1,592 clinical incidents where medical records and family consent was gained. The review found repeated failures in the quality of care and governance at the Trust throughout the last two decades, as well as failures from external bodies to effectively monitor the care provided. As a mother of three the report was difficult reading and made me very thankful for the care which I received in my local hospital, especially with my first child, where in the end after a long labour I had a high forceps delivery in theatre. Unfortunately for many women in this Health Trust they did not receive the level of care they should have. The review found that there was a reluctance to perform caesarean sections when needed and some women were left in labour for days. Now I know having a baby is a natural process and that for most it goes of without a hitch but there are some cases where clinical intervention is needed - I needed help to have my first child and I am very glad I received it. The reason why we don’t often hear of women dying in childbirth as they did 100 years ago is because of the advance of maternity care. The tragedy of what happened at Shrewsbury and Telford NHS Trust is that the maternity care we have come to expect in our modern hospitals was not provided. Little babies died; mothers died, babies and mothers were left with life changing conditions – some of the trauma will stay with mothers for the rest of their lives. That was the tragedy but the disgrace comes from the fact that the Trust for years denied there was even an issue in maternity services despite the incontrovertible fact that babies and mothers were dying. I spoke with Lucy Allan, the MP for Telford since 2015, last week and she recounted to me that when she became an MP and met with the Trust for routine updates, that strangely maternity services were not even on the agenda for discussion. When she raised a maternity issue brought to her by a constituent, she was told it was a ‘historic’ issue and the media was trying to make something out of it. I can only imagine that she faced quite a lot of pressure not to raise negative issues about her local hospital - as if she was being disloyal, but I am very glad that this MP put her constituents first and was not put off by the dismissive attitudes she encountered. It can be difficult to raise issues of concern with the NHS as often you can be told that these are clinical decisions and that should be the end of it, (i.e., you are not a doctor so wouldn’t understand). In this case however, the number of deaths showed very obviously that something was wrong and yet the Trust kept saying “move along nothing to see here”. Defensiveness is something which has become endemic in our public institutions and that is eroding our trust and confidence. If when you ask perfectly reasonably questions you are brushed off and told not to question clinical decisions as a catchall dismissal then there is a problem. We are all very thankful for the work our doctors and nurses do on a daily basis. It is a vocation and we all benefit from their expertise. But that doesn’t mean that we can’t ask questions and seek explanations when things go wrong. I am glad that the Health Secretary is determined to pursue those responsible in this specific case but there must be systemic change across the health service not just at Shrewsbury and Telford. Patients’ voices must be heard. In the House of Commons last week Lucy Allan said there was a culture of Institutional blindness and a lack of accountability in the NHS Trust investigated. That is not good enough. As citizens we expect better. I pay tribute to those families who kept going despite being brushed off by the Trust and I am very glad that we have MPs like Lucy Allan whose determination to get answers for her constituents won through despite pressure to do otherwise – that’s what constituency representation is all about.