Gary Neville does not think Ralf Rangnick can continue as a consultant at Manchester United after accepting the Austria job, claiming there would be a "conflict" of interests. Rangnick was announced as the new Austria boss on Friday morning, a job he will start at the end of this season. In a statement on the official United website, Rangnick confirmed he will carry out his consultancy role which was agreed when he took over as interim manager last December. But Neville cannot see how that would work. The pundit has questioned where Rangnick's priorities will lie as he tries to keep an eye on Austrian players at the same time as advising United. Speaking on the Gary Neville podcast, he said: “Manchester United’s Sporting Director or consultant can he really be going looking at Austrian players, week in, week out? And then selecting them for the national team? “The Austrian national team has pride, great country and some great players so he’ll have to watch players all week then he’s going to go and coach them for two weeks in September, October, November and March. So you’re saying to yourself what’s happening with the Manchester United consultancy advice? READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel 'adds two more stars to wishlist' to replace Rudiger  “Where is the priority? There’s a conflict there. I don’t see that. "I don’t see how that can work, you’re a national team manager and I’ve worked under a national team manager, that national team manager has got to present week in, week out, Saturday, Wednesday, Saturday, Tuesday and he can’t be here at Old Trafford every week watching an Austrian player play." Neville has described the situation as "messy". He believes clarity is what is needed at United - something which this decision does not bring. DON'T MISSArsenal handed Gabriel Jesus boost despite Man City forward's form [GOSSIP]Roy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]West Ham fans 'attack' German media after Michail Antonio goal against Frankfurt [REPORT]  He added: “I can’t see how that’s going to work. Maybe (it’s a compromise) but it’s messy, Manchester United can’t afford at this moment to have distractions, can’t afford at this moment in time to have a poor communications plan around the idea that Ralf Rangnick’s our football consultant but he’s seen watching German football three times a month then going coaching the Austrian team two times a month. “That’s not going to work because people are going to say ‘hang on, who’s in the director’s box? What’s Darren Fletcher doing? What’s John Murtough doing? What’s Ralf Rangnick doing wherever he’s watching an Austrian player? “I don’t think they can afford that at this moment in time. Laser-focused, clear lines, people staying in their lines understanding what their roles are and actually communicating that to a fan base, this is a real change, this is different than it has been for the last 10 years.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here