The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made a decision to permanently step down as senior royals in 2020. The couple have since made the US their home but it has been reported that once Prince Charles becomes King, the two could rejoin the Royal Family as "part-time royals". Royally US hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed the possibility of the Sussexes rejoining the royal fold on their latest episode. Speaking on the latest show, Ms Garibaldi spoke on how a royal watcher on the show, Mark Fru, said that whether "Prince Charles likes it or not, he will have to listen to the people. "I don't see people forgiving Harry and Meghan anytime soon, that's why I can't see Charles allowing them to be part-time royals. "I think it's wishful thinking at best". Ms Garibaldi added: "We will have to wait and see. "It doesn't seem like Harry and Charles have the best relationship to begin with so I don't know if either side really wants this." READ MORE: 'Tea and cake!' Queen to welcome 'small number of guests' for birthday bash Ms Garibaldi's co-host Ms Ross said: "It's really interesting, you know, the Royal Family, as much as we talk internationally [about the royals] and especially in America, they do really serve the British people. "I don't think the British people are very fond of Harry and Meghan after everything that's unraveled so I think that the British people might not feel that they're the best representatives of their country". When the couple announced their departure, via Instagram, the Queen didn’t publicly oppose the couple’s decision. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex had previously requested, in their announcement, to continue to "fully support Her Majesty The Queen" but to "work to become financially independent". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Divide and rule' Palace backlash at Harry's bombshell US interview The Queen, however, seemed to decide very quickly that the couple was "either in or out" and that it was an all-or-nothing situation. Speaking on a previous episode of Royally Us, biographer Tom Quinn said: "I think Meghan and Harry are hoping, and I've had this on good authority when the Queen dies, Charles will be open to allowing Harry and Meghan to be part-time royals. "Which is what they wanted from the start." The Duke and Duchess arrived in the UK last week, ahead of their attendance at the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry's life 'totally distorted' as he embraces celebrity [REVEAL]Harry's new interview's potential to drive him 'further' from Queen [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'wrecked his life' with US move–‘heir and spare dynamic' [REPORT] The couple made a UK pitstop to Windsor Castle, ahead of travelling to The Hauge. During his interview with NBC News, Prince Harry revealed how he and Meghan had tea with the Queen and that the monarch, who is celebrating her 96th birthday this week, was in "great form". It has also been reported that Prince Charles was present during their visit. The European trip was Prince Harry and Meghan's first overseas trip together, since their royal exit. Prince Harry is still currently in the Netherlands, whilst Meghan has already travelled back to the US.