The Queen's Platinum Jubilee year has meant many members of the Royal Family will embark on royal tours in the next few months. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William recently returned from an eight-day tour of the Caribbean, stopping off in Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas. And Clarence House has now announced Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall will be visiting Canada in May 2022. Charles has visited Canada 18 times, while Camilla has visited four times previously.  Three areas have been highlighted so far for Charles and Camilla's visit to Canada, but a fuller schedule will likely be revealed in due course. The key dates of Charles and Camilla's tour are also yet to be revealed. Clarence House tweeted on Monday: "To mark Her Majesty The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall will visit Canada in May.  "Their Royal Highnesses will meet communities in: Newfoundland and Labrador, Ottawa, Yellowknife, Northwest Territories". While the itinerary of the royal visit has not been confirmed yet, Charles and Camilla are likely to spend time visiting local communities throughout Canada during their visit. READ MORE: Andrew steps up horse riding after scandals The Queen ceased her overseas visits a few years ago, so her team of working royals now travel abroad on her behalf for official visits. So Charles and Camilla will be visiting Canada on the Queen's behalf next month, but it is also an opportunity for Charles to increase his presence in the country as heir to the throne. Canada is a crucially important nation for Charles and Camilla as the future King and Queen, as Queen Elizabeth II is currently Canada's head of state and one day Charles will take on the role.   The Queen is known to have a good relationship with the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who visited the Queen at Windsor Castle earlier this year. The Queen has known Mr Trudeau since he was a child, as he is the son of the former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, whom the Queen met on several occasions in the 1970s and 80s. After his audience with the Queen in March, Mr Trudeau warmly told the press: "I can tell you in my conversation with her this morning she was as insightful and perspicacious as ever, very interested in what's going on." Charles and Camilla are not the only royals embarking on royal tours in the coming weeks.  DON'T MISS:Charles and Camilla confirm royal visit to Canada to honour Queen [INSIGHT]Harry slammed over treatment of Queen [ANALYSIS]Inside Lady Kitty and millionaire Michael Lewis' £19m London mansion [PICTURES] The Queen's son Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex, will begin a tour of Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines later this month. Princess Anne also recently visited Australia, and she touched down in Papua New Guinea on Monday with her husband Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence. Anne is scheduled to visit Caritas Technical Secondary School, St John Ambulance, the Bomana War Cemetery, Adventure Park Papua New Guinea and the National Museum and Art Gallery. She will also open a Women's Resource Centre at Vabukori Village and the National Cardiac Diagnostic Centre at Port Moresby General Hospital and will meet elders and community leaders at Hanuabada Village. 