Countryfile presenter Adam Henson joined Christine Lampard as she stepped in for Lorraine Kelly over the Easter holiday. Adam gave viewers a tour around his Cotswolds farm and explained the spring and summer seasons will see an influx of animals as lambing season is successfully in full swing. During their chat, Adam updated fans on the condition of his dog Peg, as her health suffered a devastating decline. After showing Christine and viewers a lamb that had been born just 20 minutes before he came on air, she asked Adam how his dog Peg was doing. He revealed: "Sadly, one of her lenses has split in her eye, and the other one is going a little bit cloudy, so she is drifting into a sort of gentle retirement. "Me and my wife walk her every day, we still take her out around the sheep, but I keep her close to me because she can't see very far. "So I am now on a hunt for a replacement for Peg, but she will just retire with me on the farm and grow old graciously." READ MORE: Jane McDonald has 'awkward' moment as she boards boat in travel show Peg was regularly featured on Countryfile, and she stole the hearts of viewers as she followed Adam around doing his farming duties. Back in February, Adam revealed to viewers that he had to take Peg to the vets as he was concerned about her health. He explained: "When I'm out walking her or sometimes working the sheep as well, she looks up, and it's as if she can't see me. "And she can hear me, but she'll sometimes just run in the wrong direction looking for me. "And I'm just worried about her eyesight, but she's just not behaving like her normal self. "[So] when it comes to working sheep, particularly for distance, that's a major problem, I can't imagine not having Peg by my side after all these years." The vet sadly confirmed to Adam her eyesight was deteriorating and left him devastated at the news. He sighed: "Oh dear, poor old Peg, but she's had a lovely working life, so she can just... retire and take things easy. DON'T MISS...Countryfile's Adam Henson airs concern for his farm after warning [INSIGHT]Adam Henson in ‘grumpy farmer’ update as he issues plea [LATEST]Countryfile’s Adam Henson announces career move away from BBC [WATCH] "Well, for a dog of Peg's age in her senior year, she's pretty fit and healthy, really. "But she definitely has got problems with her eyesight, mainly due to ageing and also due to that slipped lens." Countryfile viewers were gutted when they heard the news about Peg and flocked to Twitter to give their support to Adam and his family. Dick Barton commented: "I think we'd better prepare ourselves for bad news about Adam's dog. #countryfile." Sorel Arrow added: "#Countryfile Poor Peg! Maybe needs a comfy retirement." Macey Ray supported: "Poor Peg the sheepdog a slipped lense, felt so sorry for her, bless her and you Adam." @PollyPicks00 said: "Never met this dog, but I am in tears at this health update! Oh bless her, give her all the cuddles she deserves." (sic) Countryfile airs Sunday from 6pm on BBC One.