The popular CBS drama is currently in the middle of its 19th season, having just been renewed for a 20th outing to start later this year. Unfortunately, NCIS fans haven’t seen series mainstay Dr Donald ‘Ducky’ Mallard (played by David McCallum) since the start of the season, but the latest update on Dr Jimmy Palmer star Brian Dietzen’s Instagram page has revealed he won’t be absent from the series for long. Brian posed with co-stars David and Jessica Knight star Katrina Law in his latest update confirming the return of Ducky Mallard. English actor David was in full costume, complete with bow tie and suspenders, so Ducky is guaranteed to appear in at least one episode before the end of the season. The NCIS star’s caption reads: “We’ve got some great stuff coming at you over the final #NCIS episodes this season. “Really looking forward to this one in particular. This one was special.” READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show His comment suggests Ducky will be at the centre of the story when he makes his next appearance. There could even be some major revelations about David’s character during the final few episodes of season 19. A number of excited fans replied to the post, including @hollia119, who said: “I miss Ducky!!” @sweet_tea_mama added: “I have loved David McCallum since The Man From UNCLE days! Ducky is awesome.” And @smkarr12 said: “Any episode with Ducky in it is special!” Previously the NCIS team’s Medical Examiner, Ducky was recently replaced by Dr Jimmy and has taken on a reduced role as NCIS Historian. He last showed himself in the season 19 episode Face the Strange, which aired last October. In this case, the NCIS team struggled to cope with the departure of their former boss, Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon). Meanwhile, Ducky aids Jimmy in examining the body of a Navy officer who exploded before the team had a chance to examine the crime scene. DON'T MISS:Moon Knight: Accent expert calls out ‘Americanism’ catchphrase [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon risks derailing filming [VIDEO]EastEnders’ Diane Parish says it’s tough on set after June Brown death [INTERVIEW] In the previous season, fans also met a young Ducky portrayed by Adam Campbell in the show’s 400th episode, Everything Starts Somewhere. This special flashback edition of the CBS crime drama finally revealed Ducky’s first encounter with Gibbs, this time played by Mark’s son Sean Harmon. Although he has become one of the most iconic parts of the NCIS franchise, fans have been disappointed by his reduced number of appearances in recent years, and will no doubt be eager to see him back in the lab over the coming weeks. This episode will also be a great chance for Jessica to finally meet the team’s long-standing medical and history expert on-screen for the first time. There are still four episodes left to come in season 19, which will continue on Monday, April 18. Brian had already assured fans Ducky would be back before his latest post, so their reunion could be happening sooner rather than later. Either way, expect some high stakes and huge reveals to come as the final episodes of this instalment of NCIS sets the stage for what’s to come in season 20. NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA and will premiere on Wednesday, April 6 on Disney+ in the UK.