Prime Video customers looking for something new to watch should take advantage of a great freebie Amazon is running right now. Prime Video channels are a way for subscribers to access hundreds of extra movies and boxsets, with channels based around interests or content type such as the horror-specific Shudder channel, the BFI Player which offers access to iconic and critically acclaimed films and MUBI, a service which has a curated library of movies that's regulary updated. Usually if you're interested in one of these paid-for channels you can sign up to a seven day free trial to try before you buy, but right now Amazon has extended the amount of time free trials run for to 30 days. This offer, which is available on select channels, means Prime Video subscribers will get around a month's worth of access to a wealth of new content without paying a single penny. If you like the sound of this deal though you'll need to act quick as the promotion is only running until April 24. The 30 day free trial is running on select Prime Video channels, with certain popular add-ons like StarzPlay, BritBox and Discovery+ still offering the standard seven day free trial.  While that's a shame for Prime Video users interested in these services, there's still plenty of other channels that offer unmissable content you can watch for free. For instance, arthouse film service MUBI recently added Drive My Car to its library. The Japanese film, based on a Haruki Murakami short story, was among the favourites to scoop this year's Best Picture award at the Oscars before Coda ended up winning it. Drive My Car did still win the Academy Award for Best International Feature.  Meanwhile, if you're in the mood for some British drama then ITV Hub+ is the channel for you, offering a wealth of content both new and old. With ITV Hub+ you'll be able to binge hit shows released this year such as Trigger Point (starring Line of Duty's McClure) and The Ipcress File, as well as classic ITV shows such as Poirot and A Touch of Frost. Elsewhere, the MGM channel boasts a selection of classic and newer Hollywood hits, including Clint Eastwood's iconic The Good The Bad And The Ugly, crime thriller Wind River and The Hobbit films. 