Manchester United forward Mason Greenwood has been caught on camera being confronted by a supporter. The England international was suspended by the Red Devils back in January after it was alleged he had caused a woman harm. Nike have since dropped the striker, who was a prominent figure for the Premier League giants before the accusations were made. Back in January, a woman alleged that Greenwood had assaulted her. United then decided to suspend the striker, while also removing all of his merchandise from their online store. Greenwood hasn’t played or trained for the club since then, with the 20-year-old keeping a low profile while police carry out their investigation. And a video on TikTok shows a fan confronting Greenwood in public, shouting some expletives with the United striker then gesturing with his hand for the man to go away. The Mirror recently said police are due to ‘imminently’ submit a report to the Crown Presuection Service after he was originally arrested on suspicion of sexual assault and threats to kill. He was released on bail last month. A source from The Sun said at the beginning of April: “He’s still on bail but things are at an advanced stage. “The police and CPS are currently discussing if there is a case or not to bring against him. “There comes a point where a decision has to be made and things have reached that point.” Greenwood has also been removed from video games such as FIFA 22 and Football Manager 2022 while the police conduct their investigation. At the time of the forward’s arrest, United interim boss Ralf Rangnick admitted there were ‘internal discussions’ over the matter. “We had a normal week of training with five training sessions including today’s training,” Rangnick said at the time. “Obviously it was a topic within the team but they’re human beings and Mason was part of the group before we had our [winter] break. We are looking forward to the game. “We had internal discussions but I’m pretty sure everyone will understand those internal discussions should stay internal. “It’s an unusual situation for everybody.” Rangnick also confirmed at the beginning of February that Greenwood’s unavailability meant they blocked Jesse Lingard from leaving Old Trafford to ensure they weren’t left short. “We had a problem with Mason Greenwood and being without a player for the time being who has played in [recent] weeks and, together with the club not finding an agreement with another club [for Lingard], this is why he stayed,” he said. Greenwood was given his United debut by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer back in 2019. And he’s made 129 appearances for the club, netting 35 times. He had six goals to his name from 24 games this season prior to being suspended by United.