Mr Trump arrived in Michigan on Saturday as the 45th President continued his 'Save America' tour. The ex-POTUS appeared on stage at his rally in Washington Township and delivered a speech for almost two hours. During his speech, Mr Trump, who lost Michigan along with Arizona, Georgia, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin to Joe Biden in the 2020 US Presidential Election, teased supporters about launching a third bid for the White House in 2024. The crowd roared as Trump said: "If I do make you happy, would anybody here like to see me run?" He later added: "There is no mountain we cannot climb, there is no summit we cannot reach, there is no challenge we cannot meet, there is no victory we cannot have. "We will not bend, we will not break, we will not yield, we will never give in, we will never give up, we will never ever back down." Victory in the next election would make Trump just the second Commander-in-Chief to serve two non-consecutive terms in the Oval Office after Grover Cleveland achieved a similar feat in the late 19th century. JUST IN: 'Like 1937' Vladimir Putin sets up hotline to urge 'good' Russians to report 'traitors' However, Mr Trump also used his appearance in the Great Lake State to peddle the unfounded claim the last election was rigged. Mr Trump said: "The Presidential Election was rigged and stolen and because of that our country is being destroyed." The ex-POTUS' rally in Michigan comes just days after yet another opinion poll suggested he could make a return to the White House in 2024. The Harvard/Harris survey gave the 45th President a six-point lead over Mr Biden. The swing towards Mr Trump could be enough for the ex-businessman to flip the states he lost to Mr Biden in 2020 back into the Republican column. But he also used his speech to slam his successor on several policy areas, including Mr Biden's response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. He said: "This invasion of Ukraine would never have happened if I was in the White House, not even a chance, would've never happened." Immigration, a key issue in Mr Trump's successful 2016 election campaign, also returned to the forefront. In an attack against Mr Biden's decision to repeal the pandemic-era border restrictions, dubbed 'Title 42, he said it would result in a "deluge of illegal immigration" and added "we're being invaded by millions and millions of people". DON'T MISS:Taiwan warns West - China threat has not gone away [INSIGHT]Putin’s army is running out of ammo [COMMENT]Boris in desperate bid to save leadership [ANALYSIS]