Western leaders are weighing new economic sanctions against Russia days after the Bucha massacre that reportedly killed more than 300 civilians in the Kyiv region and amid emerging evidence of apparent war crimes committed by Russian forces in Ukraine. The latest proposed sanctions include oil and coal bans, which would deal a severe blow to Russia’s economy. Ukraine’s Ambassador to Australia Vasyl Myroshnychenko told Sky News Australia that Vladimir Putin is taking Russia to “its last days”. Ambassador Myroshnychenko said: “He (Putin) is actually taking Russia to the level of the Soviet Union - those last days when it was collapsing. “He’s done so much damage to the country. And I don’t know when Russia will be able to repair that reputation. Probably many generations ahead of time.” Mr Myroshnychenko added that, without a succession in place or any opposition, the country is effectively “doomed”. He said: “There is no opposition in Russia, it’s gone. "There’s nobody there to oppose him. The support of Putin’s war in Ukraine is over 80 percent.” With the support of state TV channels, Putin has portrayed the invasion of Ukraine as a “special operation” meant to restore peace in Ukraine’s war-torn, eastern region of Donbas. Ukrainian forces have been fighting against pro-Russian separatists and Russian forces in the region since 2014. Putin’s Russia is thought to have triggered the region’s war. While protests started in 2014 over discontent with the then newly elected Ukrainian government, Russia fuelled up tensions in the region with disinformation and irregular Russian troops – the same modus operandi now deployed in Russia to legitimise Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. READ MORE: Putin's plot to hold Germany ransom in tatters as Russia outsmarted by former Soviet state “I haven’t received a single message from my Russian friends about this. The only Russians who’ve ever written me are those who live abroad”, Ambassador Myroshnychenko said. During the Donbas conflict, Russian media depicted the Ukrainian army’s intervention as a genocide against Russian speakers who pleaded for Russia’s help. Now, Putin is using the trauma of the nazi regime and seeks to “denazify” Ukraine to justify the current invasion. Mr Myroshnychenko said: “And of course, we, as Ukrainians, will never be able to forget or forgive for these war crimes that Russian forces are committing in Ukraine.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle wants to trademark word - almost 500 years too late [LIVE]'At least get info right!' Russian claims US general captured destroyed by BBC expert [REPORT]Brexit LIVE: 'UK leading by example!' Britons FURIOUS after 'international joke' attack [LIVE] With Russian troops now reportedly retreating from the Kyiv region, human rights organisations and Ukrainian officials are investigating war crimes. Human Rights Watch has found evidence of laws-of-war violations against civilians including repeated rape, executions, and unlawful violence. Ukrainian officials claim that Russian troops are erasing evidence of war crimes by burning the bodies of murdered civilians. Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky has called on the UN Security Council to bring those responsible for war crimes to justice.