The activists are also campaigning outside Charing Cross police station in the capital to demand the release of member Emma Smart, who is believed to have been arrested for gluing her hand to a window on Wednesday. The scientist, allegedly denied bail, is on hunger strike in a cell with no window.  Extinction Rebellion have today also blocked Lambeth Bridge, Westminster Bridge, Blackfriars Bridge and Waterloo Bridge in London as they continue to demand an end to the use of fossil fuels. Activists on all bridges are believed to be holding banners today and chanting messages. Protesters are taking part in a "sit-in" - a form of protest involving literally sitting, or sometimes standing, in a certain place. These types of protest are difficult for police to remove due to the sheer number of people willing to disrupt a space, event or, in this case, traffic. Police told My London officers are "working to manage the impact" of the demos.  Lambeth bridge was the first bridge to be targeted today, with protesters including doctors and nurses taking to the structure. Emma's husband Andy has been pushing her cause through her own social media accounts since Wednesday. Speaking earlier this week, Andy said: "What kind of world do we live in when scientists are forced to put themselves into positions of arrest and hunger strike to be heard? And why has she not been released? This was a minor crime with no disruption to the public. "She has been held in a permanently lit single cell with no window for over 40 hours. Her watch has been removed and she has no way of telling if it is day or night." Emma has been charged with criminal damage after allegedly pasting scientific papers to the Government building and glueing themselves to the glass frontage. She reportedly began a "nil by mouth" strike when she was informed she would not be released on bail before her court hearing.   The defendant will appear in court tomorrow. A spokesperson for Met Police said: "We are aware of a number of demonstrations happening today. "We are seeing pockets of protest which are causing delays and disruption across central London. A policing operation is in place and officers are on scene and working to manage the impact."