Netflix’s acclaimed medieval series came to an end last month, but thankfully there’s still more Last Kingdom to come in the upcoming feature film, Seven Kings Must Die. Before the legendary battle comes to an end, the cast has revealed what it was like to bring such a pivotal part of England’s history to screens. Finan star Mark has revealed how the cast and crew started the day on the set of The Last Kingdom season five. The hugely successful Netflix series has become one of the most popular historical dramas in recent years. With millions of eyes on the final season, the pressure was on to deliver a satisfying final chapter to Uhtred of Bebbanburg’s (played by Alexander Dreymon) story. Thankfully, the show’s crew was on hand to help them prepare during the shoot’s tough early starts. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... Mark recalled: “The TLK crew are so special because they don’t take themselves seriously. “We all have a laugh, we all make fun of each other, and we’re all one big, massive team.” Although the cast and crew have undoubtedly become close over the years, it was still difficult to muster up enough energy in the early hours of the morning. However, Mark revealed the team came up with a simple trick to wake them up and get them ready for the first scene of the day. “The mornings when you have early pick-ups, sometimes it’s really hard to get your energy right for the start of the day,” he continued. “So we always put on loud music in the morning. I don’t know why but recently it’s been 80’s music.” “It feels as if I could live my life again, be this age and be in the 80’s because the music is absolutely dynamite,” Mark added. “We all have a laugh in the morning, when it comes to the end of the day, we have a laugh as well.” DON'T MISS:Outlander fans spot filming blunder in pivotal Jamie scene [BLUNDER]Bridgerton’s Bessie Carter teases sad fate for Prudence [INTERVIEW]NCIS LA’s Chris O'Donnell on how daughter inspired new role [INSIGHT] “It’s like from the start of the day to the end of the day we try and be positive.” Season five was one of the most gruelling instalments of The Last Kingdom so far, so the cast needed all the help they could get to motivate them through the shoot. In the final episode, Finan joins Uhtred and several other companions in a raid on Aethelhelm’s (Adrian Schiller) fortress. Unfortunately, his small army is quickly discovered, and Haesten (Jeppe Beck Laursen) sacrifices himself to ensure their survival. Uhtred makes another strike on the fortress to take down his evil cousin Wihtgar (Ossian Perret) and Aethelhelm takes his own life out of guilt for his involvement in the death of his daughter, Queen Aelflaed (Amelia Clarkson). Uhtred has returned to his ancestral home and taken back control of the land, but there are still some loose ends to tie up in the forthcoming film. Seven Kings Must Die’s shoot has also recently come to an end, so the cast can take a well-earned break from The Last Kingdom’s tough production schedules. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix.