Camilla, 74, was the subject of intense media scrutiny and was blamed for the breakdown of Prince Charles's marriage. After Princess Diana's death in 1997 in particular, the Duchess of Cornwall received widespread criticism. By the time she and Prince Charles married at Windsor Castle on April 9, 2005, it seemed public sentiment towards the pair was shifting. Around this time, the Duchess is said to have made a conscious effort to woo the very press that had criticised her previously Tina Brown, author of ‘The Palace Papers: Inside The House Of Windsor - The Truth And The Turmoil’ claims that despite any negative press the Duchess of Cornwall has received, “she hasn’t whined”. She commended Camilla for weathering the storm when it comes to the negative press by “taking it on the chin”. She points out that the Duchess has not deviated from the monarchy’s long-standing 'never complain, never explain' policy. The saying is said to have first been adopted by the Queen Mother when she became Queen Consort in 1936, before being passed on to her own daughter — the current Queen Elizabeth II. The term essentially explains the Firm’s approach to public relations, as the Royal Family traditionally does not wade in on the press frenzy around certain royal scandals. Instead, the monarchy traditionally stands back and lets the drama run its course. READ MORE: Carole Middleton's 'critical' role helping Kate navigate royal life Ms Brown went on to note that she approved of the Duchess of Cornwall and described her as “tough” but with a “sense of humour”. She claims the future Queen Consort is a “really undersung character” in the Royal Family and praised her for carving a royal path despite facing a torrent of criticism. Ms Brown told The Post: “I think she’s tough, she’s stoic, she’s got a sense of humour. “I think she’s a really undersung character. And you know she’s never said a damn word about her relationship with Charles. She’s never complained.” The royal author went on to add: “She’s always said the family motto is ‘Thou shalt not whine,’ and she hasn’t whined. “Oh, my god. Talk about bad press. [She’s been] called everything from a ‘hag’ to ‘horse-face’ to ‘a witch.’ DON'T MISS Kate used 'lots of care and strategy' to marry William - expert [INSIGHT] Queen and Prince Charles 'are closer than ever' thanks to Camilla [REVEAL] Expert pinpoints why Meghan Markle mindset would collapse monarchy [REPORT] “She’s had the most appalling things said about her, but she never complains. Again, it’s very English. She just takes it on the chin.” It appears that the Queen holds Prince Charles’ wife in high esteem as the monarch used her accession day message to announce that the Duchess of Cornwall will become Queen Consort when her husband accedes to the throne. In a major intervention of the ongoing title speculation, the monarch expressed her "sincere wish" that Camilla takes on the title when Charles is ruler. Within her statement, released in February, the sovereign also called on the nation to support both the couple when they lead the Royal Family.