Tennis legend Roger Federer has sent his fans into meltdown on social media, after providing an update on his injury rehabilitation. Federer hasn’t featured on the ATP Tour since last summer’s Wimbledon due to a catalogue of injury problems. The 20-time Grand Slam champion has been plagued with a knee issue which has left him sidelined since his quarter-final defeat at SW19 against Hubert Hurcakz. Back in November, Federer admitted that it could take him a year to recover, playing down his chances of even competing in the 2022 Wimbledon event. These worrying updates sparked rumours that Federer could well be contemplating retirement due to his problems. However, fans will now no doubt be breathing a sigh of relief, with the Swiss star looking on the mend following a recent Instagram post. In a post on Monday night, Federer shared photos of him putting in the work during a gym session as he continues his rehab and road to recovery. Along with the workout shots, the 20-time Grand Slam champion wrote: “Rehab is rockinggggggg.” JUST IN: Djokovic returns after 'challenging' time as ATP clamps down on Kyrgios and Zverev tirades Unsurprisingly his fans flocked to the comments section to share their excitement on his improved update. One user - @jayvonm_ - responded: “WAITING FOR THE RETURN.” These thoughts were also echoed by @stefydreamcatcher, who couldn’t contain their elation, posting: “OMGGGGGGGGGG GO ROGER GO!!!!!!” Federer currently has a remarkable 20 Grand Slam titles to his name, the same amount as fellow great Novak Djokovic, and one fewer than Rafael Nadal following his recent Australian Open triumph. After slipping behind the Spanish star, one fan - @_kenboy - called for Federer to make his return in pursuit of yet another Grand Slam crown. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios receives death threats as tennis star calls out abuseCarlos Alcaraz's coach believes Miami Open win may work against himDjokovic fires Nadal French Open warning as he finally returns They posted: “COMEBACK ALREADY AND WIN ONE MORE SLAM.” Similarly @In_the_insta_world_mr also called for Federer to make his return, commenting: “Come on Roger missing you so much come back and dominate tennis again.” As well as his fans, even some of Federer’s fellow professionals expressed their happiness to see the 40-year-old making improvements towards a return, as Fabio Fognini posted: “Daiiii Rogeeerrrr… come back sooonnn @rogerfederer.” Soon after Mackenzie Macdonald added: “Let’s go Roggg”