NCIS Los Angeles will be celebrating its 300th episode next month and fans couldn't be more excited. The CBS police procedural, which was the first spin-off to come from the NCIS mothership, has gone from strength to strength, despite major characters like Nell Jones (played by Renee Felice Smith) and Eric Beale (Barrett Foa) leaving the drama behind. Nevertheless, the show must go on and more insight will be given into Agent Sam Hanna's (LL Cool J) backstory to mark the special occasion. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles. Agent Sam Hanna has experienced tragedy during his time on NCIS Los Angeles, losing his beloved wife Michelle (Aunjanue Ellis) in season eight. She was kidnapped in the episode Uncaged by infamous terrorist Tahir Khaled (Anslem Richardson) with Sam doing everything he could to rescue her in time. Unfortunately, it was too late as she had been murdered, leaving the beloved agent heartbroken. He is set to face another emotional journey with the introduction of his father Raymond. READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits  Raymond is played by actor Richard Gant who will make his NCIS LA debut in the 300th episode next month. This celebratory instalment is due to air on Sunday, May 8, on CBS. In the episode entitled Work & Family, Sam will move in with his dad to take care of him as he continues to struggle with early-onset dementia. This will be an ongoing storyline that is going to see Gant return for several episodes. Actor Gant has been in a number of television shows and films during his career that spans more than four decades. In terms of the small screen, the 78-year-old has been in Deadwood, NYPD Blue, Men of a Certain Age, The Mindy Project, Greenleaf and General Hospital, just to name a few. Film fans may best remember him as George Washington Duke, the retired boxing promoter and manager in Sylvester Stallone's Rocky V. Most recently, Gant featured in an episode of Magnum PI and the reboot of The Wonder Years. DON'T MISS...NCIS LA season 13: Sam Hanna's father to be introduced in sad plot  [EXPLAINER]NCIS Hawaii Delay: New episode 'Nurture' airs later this month  [DELAY]NCIS LA’s Chris O'Donnell on how daughter inspired new role [CAST] Few details have been revealed about Sam's parents so far in NCIS Los Angeles. Viewers have previously met his son Aiden (Tye White), daughter Kamran (Kayla Smith) and his now deceased wife Michelle. His dad Raymond was a Colonel with the Marines who sent him off to a military academy when Sam was a youngster. He was disappointed though when his son decided to join the Navy instead so how will the dynamic be now as Raymond is in need of his help? When information on NCIS Los Angeles' 300th episode were revealed, the creators also announced the drama had been renewed for season 14. Showrunner Scott Gemmill told TV Line: “Reaching our 300th episode is such a blessing. "We are all so grateful for the support of the studio, network, and especially our fans who have supported us for 13 seasons and allowed us to work together as a cast, crew and family for all these years. “Such longevity for a TV series has become a rarity and everyone on the show works so hard because we know how truly lucky we are and continue to be as we excitedly head into Season 14!” NCIS Los Angeles season 13 continues every Sunday on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced.