Camilla "did her best" in the midst of the rift between the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Sussex, a source has claimed. The Duchess, they added, also offered her help to Prince Harry and Meghan while they were trying to navigate issues during their time as senior royals before they stepped down as working members of the Firm in a process dubbed Megxit. A source described as a friend of Camilla said: "She threw a hand of friendship out to Harry and Meghan at various points. "When Meghan was going through a difficult time with her own father, Camilla helped navigate things." The friend claimed Camilla encouraged the Prince of Wales to walk Meghan down the aisle on her wedding day after it emerged the Duchess's father Thomas Markle Snr would no longer travel across the pond. They said: "It was Camilla who told Charles that walking Meghan up the aisle was the right thing to do. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "She’s a very family-oriented woman, and she really wanted to help." The source also claimed the Duchess supported her husband over his difficult relationship with Prince Harry. They told Vanity Fair: "The situation with Harry was upsetting for all the family, and we mustn’t forget that they are a family. "I know that Camilla did her best and was a tremendous sounding post and support for Charles, who was deeply troubled." READ MORE: Queen's special wish to gather all royals during her Jubilee The difficult relationship between Prince Charles and Prince Harry was discussed by the Duke of Sussex himself during the Sussexes' interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. Asked about his relationship with the future King, Harry said: "There’s a lot to work through there, you know? "I feel really let down, because he’s been through something similar. "He knows what pain feels like, and this is...and Archie’s his grandson. "But, at the same time, you know, I, of course, I will always love him, but there’s a lot of hurt that’s happened. "And I will continue to make it one of my priorities to try and heal that relationship" Last May, the Duke also appeared to criticise the upbringing given him by his father during an episode of the Armchair Expert podcast. Over the past months, however, there have been reports of an improved relationship between the Duke and his father. Sources have spoken earlier this year of a series of good-natured phone calls between the pair. Moreover, the Sussexes reportedly met the Prince of Wales at Windsor Castle last week, when they paid a private visit to Her Majesty while on route to The Netherlands for the ongoing Invictus Games. A source claimed to the Daily Mail the meeting lasted approximately 15 minutes, adding the Prince of Wales "wants to keep the door open and keep talking" with the Duke to improve their bond. On the other hand, the relationship between Prince William and Prince Charles is reportedly good. Focusing on the importance attributed by Camilla to family and loved ones, royal author Katie Nicholl reported the Duchess' "family first" motto "rubbed off on Charles". As she wrote in Vanity Fair, Charles and William speak "almost every day on the phone". Moreover, the future King is "closer than ever to his mother", Ms Nicholl added.