On April 1, 2022, free Covid testing was scrapped by the Government in a bid to “focus resources” on people who are most in need of testing measures. The decision means most people in England will now need to shop on the high street to access tests, which can cost anywhere between £1.75 and £12.99. Top retailers including Boots, Tesco, and Lloyds have plenty of test kits in stock, but where will you find the cheapest rates? The Government is now urging people in England who have a cough or cold to "stay home and avoid contact with other people" under new COVID-19 guidance. Health Secretary Sajid Javid said the country needs to “learn to live with Covid”, indicating that the latest changes to the testing programme are part of the Government’s plan to move forward from the tough restrictions the country previously faced. Despite rising case numbers across the UK, the updated instructions for Britons encourage people to only test when necessary, using shop-bought test kits purchased on their own accord. While some groups will still have access to free lateral flow and PCR testing measures, the majority of people in England will be forced to shop around for the cheapest rates on supermarket shelves. To make things easier, Express.co.uk have rounded up the latest prices for test kits at five of the nation’s major retailers. READ MORE: 66-year-old woman shares youthful transformation but gives warning With more than 1,400 branches across the UK, Lloyds Pharmacy is stocked up with both lateral flow and PCR test kits available for purchase by customers. The retailer’s current prices for Flowflex testing kits are as follows: At Boots Pharmacy, you can purchase Flowflex antigen Rapid Test lateral flow test kits both in-store and online. The prices are as follows: Tesco pharmacy offers lateral flow tests in more than 1,500 locations across the UK, with prices starting from £2.00 for Everything Genetic self-testing rapid tests. Customers in London will be able to make online purchases, though this will not be rolled out to other parts of the UK until May. DON'T MISS:Who is eligible for free Covid lateral flow and PCR tests in England? [REVEAL]What Covid rules remain for the UK? [INSIGHT]Boots undercut by Superdrug in Covid test price war [ANALYSIS] Cheapest places to buy lateral flow tests - Boots, Tesco, Lloyds and more prices compared /life-style/life/1590199/cheapest-places-buy-lateral-flow-PCR-test-boots-tesco-lloyds-evg #coronavirus #lateralflowtests #COVID19 #testing The pharmacy giant is offering both online and in-store purchases of lateral flow tests, with “widespread availability” across the UK. Superdrug are currently charging: Offering one of the lowest prices for a single test, Morrisons Pharmacy is charging just £1.75 for a single lateral flow test. Test kits are on offer in-store only. See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest While free lateral flow testing is no longer widely available, there are some groups which are still entitled to them. According to Government guidelines, free tests for people who have COVID-19 symptoms will continue to be provided to the following groups:   Free testing for asymptomatic individuals will continue to be made available to the following groups: