Gary Lineker has slammed Burnley's decision to sack manager Sean Dyche after almost a decade in charge with an X-rated message. The Clarets have parted ways with Dyche whilst they're sat in 18th, four points behind Everton in safety. On Friday, club chairman Alan Pace released a statement confirming Dyche's dismissal. An extract read: "Firstly, we would like to place on record our sincere thanks to Sean and his staff for their achievements at the club over the last decade. During his time at Turf Moor, Sean has been a credit both on and off the pitch, respected by players, staff, supporters, and the wider football community. Pace cited 'disappointing results' this season as the reason for his 'incredibly difficult decision' to give Burnley the 'best chance' of Premier League survival. He added: "The process of replacing Sean has begun, and further announcements will be made to supporters in due course." Dyche's nine-and-a-half-year tenure at Turf Moor made him the longest-serving manager in the Premier League and fourth-longest across Europe's top five leagues. And the decision to sack him has been met with widespread surprise and confusion amongst the football community, specifically the timing ahead of eight critical games in the club's history. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick 'understands' Glazers protests Lineker was amongst those questioning the news on social media, slamming Burnley in an X-rated reaction. The BBC Sport presenter tweeted: "Burnley have sacked Sean Dyche with 8 games left of the season. What a brilliant job he did for so many years. Feels like a really s****y thing to do." Dyche's final game in charge was last Sunday's 2-0 defeat at rock-bottom Norwich City, a huge blow to the club's survival hopes after rivals Everton defeated Manchester United a day earlier. But given what the 50-year-old has achieved at Turf Moor with such little resources, the mass outrage and shock over his exit are somewhat justified. READ MORE: Police intervene as Man Utd increase security amid Glazer protests According to talkSPORT, Dyche has been left 'disappointed' over his sudden sacking, which happened 'very quickly'. He will be just as upset as his supporters that he likely won't get the chance to have the send-off his service to the club over the past decade has deserved. Burnley must switch their focus toward Sunday's clash against West Ham United, with club captain Ben Mee sensationally set to act as caretaker boss. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.