Cristiano Ronaldo’s stunning overhead kick for Real Madrid against Juventus has now turned four. The Portugal international has scored many amazing goals over the course of his career but that one, in the Champions League, seems to be his favourite. And he revealed in the immediate aftermath of his strike that he’d actually been intending to do something like that ‘for a while’. Back in 2018, Real Madrid were the undisputed best team on the planet - having won the Champions League two years in a row beforehand. And they went up against Juventus at the Allianz Stadium hoping to get their quarter-final tie off to a positive start. They did exactly that, too, with Zinedine Zidane’s side producing a stunning performance on the night to clock up a 3-0 win. Ronaldo opened the scoring in the third minute, prodding home from close range after good work from Isco to become the first player to score in 10 consecutive Champions League games. Marcelo bagged their third goal of the night late on after Paulo Dybala had been dismissed. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But it was Real and Ronaldo’s second goal of the contest that has lived long in the memory ever since. The Portugal international expertly produced a sensational overhead kick to double his side’s advantage after Dani Carvajal had floated in a cross. It was an unforgettable moment, with even Juventus fans applauding his effort despite what it meant for their team. And Ronaldo, speaking in the aftermath, revealed he’d been waiting for ‘a while’ to try something so audacious. "Obviously people are talking about the second goal, it was amazing, probably the best of my career," he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "It was spectacular. I jumped very high and it's a goal that will live long in the memory. "I've been looking to do it for a while, but it depends on the circumstances of the game. “It just came to me to give it a go, you always have to try it. I tried it today and it came off.” On receiving a standing ovation, he then added: "It was one of the most poignant moments of the night. To receive applause from a stadium like this, which has been graced by great players, is a unique experience. "When I was a kid, I liked Juventus and the fact that their fans have clapped me will stay with me." Ronaldo’s goal also saw him widely hailed, with the player then going on to help Los Blancos battle past the Old Lady in the home fixture at the Bernabeu. Zidane said: "Cristiano Ronaldo is different. “He's a different player to everyone else and he always has this desire to do something extraordinary in the Champions League. He never rests on his laurels. "His overhead kick was remarkable, yet he missed two much easier chances. That's football." Massimiliano Allegri, who would later manage Ronaldo at Juventus, was also in awe of the veteran. "I don't know if Cristiano's goal is the best in the history of football, but it's certainly an extraordinary goal,” said the Italian. “You can only congratulate him for what he's doing at present." And Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon also spoke out, comparing Ronaldo to greats such as Diego Maradona and Pele. "Ronaldo is an extraordinary champion,” stated the goalkeeper. “Together with Lionel Messi, he is the only one that punctuates his team's most important victories, and is to be compared to [Diego] Maradona and Pele."