Real Madrid should "forget" about signing Kylian Mbappe because they have Karim Benzema, according to former winger Steve McManaman. Benzema stunned Chelsea with a hat-trick in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday. Paris Saint-Germain superstar Mbappe is strongly linked with a move to Real this summer. His contract expires at the end of the season and could be available on a free transfer. There have been some reports from France that Mbappe could in fact pen a new deal with PSG. But ex-Real winger McManaman said that wouldn't be a problem for his old side. Benzema scored two headers in the first half at Stamford Bridge and McManaman hailed his performance. He said on BT Sport: "You think Benzema’s first one is good, wait until you see the next one which is different but equally as great. READ MORE: Jamie Carragher tells Erik ten Hag to axe Man Utd duo in 'brave' first move  "I think Real have been outstanding. Chelsea have been far too open, I’ve never seen Chelsea have passes through them like this before. "I could watch this [second goal] all day. He doesn't head it, he just lets it bounce off his head. "It's just gorgeous. He knows that he can't get a lot of power and he just directs it. DON'T MISSMatt Le Tissier quits Southampton role after backlash over Russia-Ukraine and Covid tweets [NEWS]Harry Kane 'curious to hear Man Utd offer' ahead of another Tottenham saga [GOSSIP]Man Utd giving Erik ten Hag information 'every week' on transfer budget and signings [REPORT]  "You see the shot behind the goal, this one, he doesn't head the ball he just lets it come off his head. The curl on it, the arc around [Edouard] Mendy, it's just a glorious goal. "Thirty-six goals this year he's scored in 36 games, as a 34-year-old. Just absolutely superb. Forget Mbappe - it's Benzema." Kai Havertz pulled a goal back for Chelsea shortly before half-time. The German scored a fine header of his own. However, Benzema grabbed his 37th goal of the season shortly after the break to complete his hat-trick. He capitalised on an error from Chelsea goalkeeper Mendy, who lost the ball when he was 30 yards from goal.  Former Chelsea boss Glenn Hoddle was co-commentator at Stamford Bridge and hit out at Mendy for his mistake. He said: "There’s no danger there. Mendy, all the time in the world. "It’s a poor tackle from [Antonio] Rudiger. He has to go through him there, but he’s been booked. He’s almost gone in half-heartedly, shying away from it. "You usually see him go into tackles full throttle, ball and man. Goes with his left foot, tepid. My word, Benzema won’t get an easier goal to score his hat-trick." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 