Former Arsenal star Mesut Ozil could reportedly leave Turkish side Fenerbahce for Hull City after a half-time tantrum plunged his future into doubt. The World Cup winner experienced a rollercoaster eight years in England with the Gunners, but could be tempted back to familiar shores with the promise of a fresh start. Hull City are reported to be in with a shot of landing the former Real Madrid attacking midfielder due to a personal link with the club's owner, Acun Ilicali. The Tigers sit 20th in the Championship and have not been seen in the Premier League since 2016/17. AS claim that the Humberside club are 'interested' in pursuing the move, although others indicate that it is not at an advanced stage and various factors render it unlikely. MLS side Inter Miami are also keeping tabs on the situation, however, if Ozil is intent on fleeing from Turkey. Co-owned by England and Manchester United legend David Beckham, the Florida-based side already boast star-studded names like Gonzalo Higuain and Blaise Matuidi. JUST IN: Christian Eriksen’s agent speaks on Tottenham return links as Brentford plan new offer There is still a chance that Ozil is able to continue at Fenerbahce and get his stint in Turkey back on track. His 'priority' is reportedly to work his way back into the side, but a rogue cluster of suitors are seemingly waiting to pounce if the club take a harsh stance on his recent tantrum. There will undoubtedly be one or two misty-eyed Arsenal fans holding out hope that Ozil would be willing to put the past aside and return to north London. It is highly unlikely that Mikel Arteta would be so welcoming, however, particularly with the group of harmonious attacking youngsters already at his disposal. The 33-year-old was Arsenal's record signing and the most expensive German player of all time when he moved from Madrid back in 2013. On top of his 33 Premier League goals he nurtured a reputation as an accomplished playmaker, notching 54 league assists for the Gunners.   Ozil's spell at Arsenal came to a sour end after a failure to see eye-to-eye with Arteta left him consigned to the bench. The refusal to take a voluntary pandemic paycut only served to make things worse, and his game time became extremely limited in his final 18 months at the Emirates. The German moved to Fenerbahce as a free agent in January 2021 where it took him a while to get up to speed. Things have steadily improved in his first full campaign, however, with nine goals in 26 appearances.  Ozil was hauled off at half-time with Fenerbahce 1-0 down to Konyaspor last time out, reportedly prompting him to throw his boots to the ground in anger. He was subsequently removed from the squad for the next match just two months after club president Ali Koc admitted that the player had 'failed to meet their expectations so far'. 