Sebastian Vettel “looks disinterested” and is “not excited” at Aston Martin, according to former team-mate Paul di Resta. Vettel brought out a red flag in FP1 after he broke down due to an engine failure. The German is also facing a stewards' enquiry after he took a moped out on track this morning. Speaking after the session, Vettel said it was good to be back in the car and said it wasn’t an issue to get back into the rhythm. However, he appeared disconnected during the chat and claimed the loss of running was a massive blow. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, di Resta said: “I was looking at that interview thinking he’s not excited is he. “He just looks disinterested, I don’t know that’s the impression I get. I've known Seb for a long time. we were team-mates in 2006 and that’s not the body language when you get the best out of him.” READ MORE: Vettel under investigation for riding scooter around Aussie GP track  Di Resta was then asked whether he feels Vettel will still be at Aston Martin next season. He replied: “That's not for me to say but he’s thinking something different.” Johnny Herbert agreed with Di Resta, warning fans are not seeing the same Seb as in previous years when he was winning with Red Bull. He added: “It’s motivation isn’t it. You’ve got to have motivation.” “Motivation is a massive important thing for a driver. I don’t think you can read it there but if he gets the car I think the motivation will come back but they’ve got to give him the car quick.” The 34-year-old Vettel previously claimed he was ”close” to retiring from F1 before making the switch from Ferrari to Aston Martin. DON'T MISSAston Martin ‘going nowhere’ as Lawrence Stroll slammed [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton has message for former rival Sebastian Vettel [ANALYSIS]Sebastian Vettel set for F1 return after missing first two races  [COMMENT] He has previously warned it was unlikely he would be in F1 at the age of 40. When asked, he said: “No, I don't think so. But, as you asked Fernando [who said he hadn't expected being in F1 at 40], you never know, but right now I would say no." In a separate interview, he said: "Look at my age and I’m not going to be around F1 for the next 10 years.” Aston Martin is one of just two teams to not score a single point from the first two races. The team are also powered by Mercedes and are also struggling with the speed of their powertrain.