Cyclists around the UK feel that drivers don’t yet understand this year’s changes to the Highway Code that proved controversial when they were introduced back in January. They established a road users hierarchy that placed pedestrians and cyclists at the top. And this week saw broadcaster and cyclist Jeremy Vine post a video to his twitter feed showing him coming across a car parked in the cycle lane on a rain-soaked street. Mr Vine commented “I assume this car had crashed” under the clip which saw a driver with his hazards on collecting passengers. In the video the presenter approaches the car, bangs on the window and asks the driver why he’s stopped there. It caused some debate online with some agreeing with Mr Vine and others siding with the driver. READ MORE: Switching to EVs could make drivers £720 worse off Sarcastically agreeing with Mr Vine, Chris Pearson wrote in response: "Now come on Jeremy. EVERYONE knows that hazard lights double up as confirmation of entitlement indicators." Site user Mark said: "Unreal. I can't wait for the day when motorists are inconvenienced by BICYCLES taking up THEIR road space!" Meanwhile, Andy Pearce said: "Hey, what are all these weird bicycle symbols someone painted in the parking lane?" Mr Vine, who questioned 'What is the point of building cycle lanes if this happens?' was also met with criticism by other social media and road users for how he handled the situation. DON'T MISS DVSA issues MOT warning to save drivers from fine [REVEAL] Fuel shortages: Who has diesel near me? [INSIGHT] 'Extreme' petrol and diesel prices break records as drivers warned [SHOCKING] It comes as cycling chiefs called for more education for drivers on the updated rules of the road amid fears cycling is still too dangerous. Government advice states that drivers should “leave at least 1.5 metres (5 feet) when overtaking people cycling at speeds of up to 30mph, and giving them more space when overtaking at higher speeds". The regulations also urged drivers to “wait behind them (cyclists) and do not overtake if it’s unsafe or not possible to meet these clearances". In a Cycling Weekly report, cyclist James Haynes wrote: "It's great for cyclists but it's millions of car drivers who need the education. He added: “Where do they find out about the new changes? “As not knowing just means road users will continue to abuse cyclists." Another cyclist, Helen Chelmicka, welcomed the changes but said: "too many cars don't regard cyclists as part of the traffic".She added: "The updates are great too because it validates cycling as a means of transport. It's validating cycling as a means of transport and cyclists as an important part of the traffic. Last month, a cyclist from Bristol named Tom Bosanquet was reportedly hit with a £1,000 fine after spotting a driver using a mobile phone behind the wheel before driving through a red light. However, after sending his headcam footage off to Avon and Somerset Police, the police force notified Tom that he was facing a fine for breaching traffic regulations as he 'blocked the road' to 'converse with the occupant' of the vehicle. It was a cause picked up by Mr Vine who tweeted: "Has anyone got any more detail on this absolutely ridiculous #tombosanquet situation? He urged police and cycling organisations to step in and help the cyclist.