Zoe Henry, who plays Rhona Goskirk on Emmerdale, first appeared in the Yorkshire Dales in 2001 for a brief stint before returning for eight months in 2002 and becoming a full-time cast member in 2010. The actress' husband Jeff Hordley (Cain Dingle) is also a regular on the ITV soap. The 48-year-old opened up about her character in a recent interview and joked she would burn all of Rhona's on-screen outfits if she was ever killed off the soap. It comes as the ITV favourite addressed what she finds most frustrating about her on-screen character. Zoe admitted that she is not too keen on Rhona's fashion sense and declared her wardrobe needs updating. “Oh, my God, she is an appalling dresser,” she sighed. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon says 'boobs are on fire' as she's rushed to doctors “I secretly love that she probably earns a very good wage being a vet, but chooses not to spend any of that money on a nice dress!" She went on: "If they kill Rhona off in 20 years’ time, I will take the entire wardrobe and have a bonfire in the ITV car park, as it’s all highly flammable, cheap rubbish. "Everything else I would miss greatly, but not Rhona’s outfits. Awful!” The Emmerdale star also opened up about what she loves about Rhona.  “What I admire most about Rhona is her sense of fun, and her inner strength – she’s a lioness," she added to Inside Soap in 2020. Although, there are times Zoe finds her character's storylines "exhausting" the actress does not regret any of them. She said: “Yes, I’ve felt exhausted by some of her storylines, but I don’t wish any of them hadn’t happened; nor that I’d put in any less effort – I feel tired anyway, being a mother and after a full day on my allotment! "These things are worth it, and I’ve loved every second.” DON'T MISS... Adam Boulton erupts at ex-Sky News pal over Rwanda migrant comments[LATEST]Demi Rose puts on eye-popping display in see-through top[PICTURES]Brooklyn Beckham and wife issue plea for Ukraine after £3m nuptials[UPDATES] Zoe has no plans to leave Emmerdale, a soap in which she is a regular feature alongside her college sweetheart Jeff. The couple began their respective Emmerdale journeys two decades ago, and in that time they’ve had two children, Stan and Violet. The Cain Dingle actor previously took a brief break from the programme in 2009. He explained: "From 2000 until 2006, I'd only been four years out of drama school. "I hadn't ticked all of the boxes that I wanted to tick. There were a couple of places where I wanted to work in London. "I wanted to fulfill those things. So for three years, I did that." He went on: "But also Zoe looked after our daughter for a few years and had stopped working. "We always said whoever got the biggest job - when I left [Emmerdale] - if she got the bigger job then I would look after the children." Emmerdale airs tonight on ITV at 7.30pm.