Houseplants are often dormant in winter and resume growing again in the spring months, when the weather is warmer. According to one expert, this means it is the perfect time to give indoor plants a “refresh” by checking to see if they need repotting. Craig Sams, Executive Chairman of Carbon Gold and former Chair of the Soil Association, told Express.co.uk: “Now is the perfect time to refresh houseplants and it’s very easy. “Firstly, check that your plant’s pot is still the right size. “To do this, look to see if the roots are pushing out the top of the container or coming out of the bottom through the drainage holes. “If they are, it’s time to repot - but don’t go mad.” The majority of houseplants will need repotting every year or two, depending on the variety and how actively they are growing. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants Some indoor plants which grow a lot slower can stay in the same pots for several years. However, they will need new soil to ensure they are receiving all the nutrients they need to grow. While houseplants will need to be transferred into a bigger pot if they are outgrowing their current one, the expert recommended choosing wisely. Craig said: “You’re not being kind or saving yourself a future job by putting a plant into a much larger pot. DON'T MISS:Lawn: A ‘regular routine’ in spring can help achieve ‘healthy’ grass [EXPERT]‘Pruning mistakes’ to avoid this spring - always prune at an angle [COMMENT]What to look out for when viewing houses - check natural light [INSIGHT] “If the pot is too big it may trap water, leading to root rot for your plant, a major houseplant killer. “Simply upsize your container by no more than an inch or two.” When doing so, the expert recommended using a peat-free potting soil which suits the houseplant. If the plant isn’t outgrowing its current pot, houseplant owners can simply refresh the top inch of soil. The expert explained: “Loosen it gently and replace with some fresh compost, and steak in a bit of Biology Blend when you do. “Dust can easily build up on the leaves of shiny leafed houseplants and this will not only make them look less attractive but will affect their health. “So wipe the leaves with a damp cloth or you can give them a wash in a tepid shower. “Don’t do this with cacti or plants with furry leaves like African violets.” Dusting with a damp cloth should be done so every week or so to make sure the plant can photosynthesise. Some houseplants may even enjoy a warm misting in a trigger spray bottle. Craig added: “Yellowing or browning leaves are not only unsightly, but they’re draining for a plant, so snip them off. “Your plant will instantly look fresher.” For those with a trailing plant such as a Devil’s Ivy, the expert recommended trimming it back to encourage healthier growth.