A new bunch of civilians will take on the mammoth challenge of the SAS selection process when SAS: Who Dares Wins returns to Channel 4 on Sunday. Jason Fox and Mark ‘Billy’ Billingham return alongside the new chief instructor former United States Recon Marine Rudy Reyes and ex-US Navy SEAL Remi Adeleke. The challenge will be tougher than ever but Jason told Express.co.uk and other press there are no plans to go easy on the recruits. Speaking about the show’s future, Jason said: “I never worry about the show being cancelled because if it gets discontinued it’s been a great experience and if it gets to the point where they decide not to do it anymore so be it. “I’ve already gone through things like that, I had a military career and now I no longer have a military career. “I had to move on from that and I’ll do the same with this.” “But with regards to ‘you’ve got to be nicer’ I think the luxury of working with Channel 4 is they like authenticity, it’s shown in pretty much everything they do.” Read more: Laura Hamilton grins with SAS Who Dares Wins star after split from ex “We are allowed to be authentic it’s not like we’re being horrible so we won’t be asked to be nice,” he continued. “We’re just being hard on people because to get the best out of someone you have to put them in very uncomfortable situations and that’s why we are the way are. “I think as long as we do it in a balanced way we won’t have to be told to tone it down.” Reflecting on how the show has changed over the years, Jason praised Channel 4 for allowing the series to keep its “rawness”. The former Royal Marine explained: “You’ve got to look at the heritage of the show. “If you revisit series one you’ll see it’s a raw TV show and definitely the show has kept that heritage, albeit we’ve managed to polish it a little bit by adding tasks that are really dramatic. “Whether the budget will increase or not it doesn’t matter we have assets we can use helicopters, boats… “But we have still kept the rawness from that first series and the channel has allowed us to do that.” DON'T MISSGordon Ramsay’s Future Food Stars branded ‘Poundland SAS’ [INSIGHT]Ant Middleton's SAS replacement Rudy Reyes swipes at former instructor [INTERVIEW]Ant Middleton slams 'woke patrol' after SAS: Who Dares Wins exit [VIDEO] Jason blasted the suggestion recruits should be treated less harshly on the show. “You can stop being harsh but you’ve still got harsh people out there so what happens when those people that are being spoken to nicely have to deal with harshness?" Jason questioned. “There are still harsh people out there it doesn’t matter what happens in history you’ll still have bad people out there and you need to prepare people for that.” This series will be the first without Ant Middleton who departed from the show last year. Fans of the intense military course will be treated to a new location with the series being filmed in a secret SAS military base in Jordan. Rudy and Remi, who join from the United States, praised the series when Channel 4 confirmed their appointment. Chief instructor Rudy said: “To be part of SAS: Who Dares Wins – the hardest selection course on television – is one the greatest privileges of my life. And to be named Chief Instructor is a huge honour – made even more rewarding working alongside Billy, Foxy and Remi – heroes on and off screen.” Remi added: “Since I departed from the military in 2016 my main focus in life has been to inspire, motivate and educate people— whether through writing, speaking or visual storytelling.” SAS: Who Dares Wins returns to Channel 4 on Sunday at 9pm.