The Premier League is coming to the business end of the season, with most clubs entering their final six games to determine where they will end up come May 22. The title race is hotting up and clubs are scrapping for relegation survival in what is a hugely competitive division, but there is also a top four race to contend. Tottenham, Arsenal, Manchester United and West Ham are all in the fight for the final spot given that the top three is almost certain to remain how it is. Express Sport takes a look at the state of play...  Spurs are currently in the driving seat to finish in the top four, given their kind-looking run-in and the fact they are in impressive form. Prior to a shock 1-0 loss to Brighton at the weekend, the Lilywhites had scored 14 in their last four games with Dejan Kulusevski, Son Heung-min and Harry Kane in the groove. With Brentford, Burnley and Norwich in their last six, they should pick up another nine points - and they still play main top four rivals Arsenal in a huge clash on May 12. That game is likely to be pivotal, and 12 points including a win over their arch enemy will probably see them qualify for the Champions League. Fixtures remaining (home fixtures in caps) Brentford, LEICESTER, Liverpool, ARSENAL, BURNLEY, Norwich Current form LWWWWL Key injuries Matt Doherty, Japhet Tanganga, Oliver Skipp Likelihood 7/10. Tottenham have a very favourable run in, and they realistically only need four wins from six to qualify for the Champions League for the first time in three seasons.  Arsenal Arsenal had looked the favourites at the start of the month, as they found incredible form and ground out wins against some generally gritty sides. But three losses in a row to Crystal Palace, Southampton and Brighton really upset the apple cart, allowing Tottenham to jump in front of them. Goals remain an issue, and Kieran Tierney, Thomas Partey are ruled out with injury until the end of the season. And with United, Tottenham and West Ham all to play, they will soon come to realise just how costly it was to lose the three games against the mid-table outfits. Fixtures remaining MAN UTD, West Ham, LEEDS, Tottenham, Newcastle, EVERTON Current form LWLLLW Key injuries Kieran Tierney, Thomas Partey Likelihood 4/10. Their losses in easy fixtures has surely stunted what was otherwise a very promising season for Arsenal. Back to the drawing board next year for Mikel Arteta unless his side can turn their season on its head.  Manchester United Where to start with United? Torn apart against Liverpool, Rangnick's men put in a performance that a non-league club wouldn't be proud of at Anfield. Paul Pogba, Luke Shaw, Edinson Cavani and Mason Greenwood are all ruled out indefinitely, Raphael Varane and Fred are doubts and the rest of the squad is quite frankly in awful form. They have also played a game more than Tottenham and Arsenal, and still have to face the Gunners and Chelsea over the course of the next week. If they prevail victorious from those fixtures, the consensus will be that the club can progress from there to give Erik ten Hag a springboard next season. Whether that happens is another question. Fixtures remaining Arsenal, CHELSEA, BRENTFORD, Brighton, Crystal Palace Current form LWDLWL Key injures Fred, Raphael Varane, Luke Shaw, Paul Pogba, Mason Greenwood, Edinson Cavani Likelihood 3/10. United's tumultuous season needs to end, for good or bad. Erik ten Hag will surely not be playing Champions League football next season barring a complete miracle.  West Ham The Hammers have done extremely well to end up where they are, but there is a nagging feeling that they just won't be able to get themselves over the line. Just one point from Brentford and Burnley has severely dented their cause, and with Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City to play, the fixtures are coming thick and fast for the Hammers. Throw in a double-legged tie against Frankfurt in the Europa League semi-final, and it could well be that David Moyes decides to rest his stars in the league to focus on European glory. And with a centre-back crisis, the club are severely stretched at the back given that Angelo Ogbonna, Issa Drop and Kurt Zouma are all injured. Don't rule them out though... Fixtures remaining Chelsea, ARSENAL, Norwich, MAN CITY, Brighton Current form LWLWLD Key injuries Angelo Ogbonna, Issa Diop, Kurt Zouma Likelihood 1/10. They have tried, with a rather depleted and worse squad - on paper - than their counterparts. Unfortunately it looks like they might fall at the final hurdle, but watch out next season if West Ham win the Europa League. 