Faye Lord, from KJ Refrigeration, shared which foods shoppers should never store in the fridge, including chocolate and cucumbers.  Faye explained: "Cold temperatures accelerate the ripening process leaving them brown and tasteless." For perfect avocados, people should always keep them in the fruit basket. The everyday herb should never be stored in the fridge. "Don’t make the mistake of storing it in the fridge," Faye warned. "This causes basil to wilt faster, meaning you'll have to throw it away before enjoying it in a meal." Basil should be kept on the kitchen counter for maximum freshness. According to UK Harvest, bread is one of Britain's most wasted food. Faye recommended keeping it "in a bread bin to slow the stale and to make bread last longer!" READ MORE: Woman transforms her looks with permanent make-up  Keeping red, green or yellow peppers in the fridge reduces their crunchy texture. Shoppers should store them in a bag away from the sunlight to keep them nice and tasty. Most people keep cucumbers in the fridge but for "fresher, yummier cucumber slices, keep them at room temperature," Faye advised. They can also be stored in the fridge, but always in the warmest part to avoid "chill injury". Cold temperatures cause onions to rot quickly, so people should avoid keeping them in the fridge and instead, just store them in the pantry. Faye explained that "refrigeration dramatically impacts taste". "So pop your garlic in the pantry with your onions, and never miss out on full flavour," she said.  Chocolate should never be kept in the fridge unless there's a heatwave, according to the expert. Room temperature chocolate will give a creamier texture. Ketchup is full of preservatives to ensure it stays fresh so the aid of a refrigerator is not needed. When kept outside the fridge, the tomato sauce will taste much better. People should keep potatoes out of the refrigerator to avoid high sugar levels when cooking. The food expert said: "This affects the taste and can increase the potentially harmful chemical acrylamide when cooking. Potatoes are best left in a bag in your kitchen cupboard for perfect mash, roasties and chips." For tasty and juicy tomatoes, these should be stored at room temperature. The nutritious compounds in tomatoes are lowered when they are kept at low temperatures. The expert said it is a myth that bananas last longer when refrigerated. As they are tropical fruits, their skin cells are easily damaged by the cold. "So for optimal ripeness, keep your bananas out of the fridge but away from other fruits and vegetables," Faye said. Most people store strawberries, blueberries and raspberries in the fridge. However, cool temperatures leave them dry and lacking in taste. The cold impacts orange's acidity, leaving a bitter, tart taste. "Instead, simply place oranges and other citrus fruits in your fruit bowl for the perfect zest," she said. The expert said people should never store melons in the fridge as cold temperatures cut the melon's nutrition by half. The best option is to keep them at room temperature and only refrigerate when sliced. Dairy should always be refrigerated. However, butter is more enjoyable when kept at room temperature and it can be outside the fridge for up to a week. Faye said that "refrigerating coffee massively reduces the aromatic taste, so keep it in an airtight container for a rich, full flavour in every mug". According to the expert, honey and nuts are supposed to be stored in the pantry, as well as any other seeds.