The squeeze on households tightened in March as rapidly rising food and fuel prices sent inflation to another 30-year high, even before energy bills spiked. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said Consumer Prices Index (CPI) inflation rose 7 percent in the year to March, up from 6.2 percent in February. General Secretary of the Communication Workers Union, Dave Ward, has warned Boris Johnson that workers are set to mobilise. Speaking to LBC, Mr Ward said: "What I'm absolutely clear on is that we're putting up with what's going on in the country at the moment both in the workplace and outside the workplace. "I believe that there will be millions of people who will support the type of campaigns that we're going to move forward. "I think campaigns do have impact and I think you'll start to see more forms of collective action take place. It will lead to change." He added: "I wouldn't rule out a general strike." READ MORE: PICTURED: French warship spotted sailing away from UK harbour It comes as the Archbishop of Canterbury said families across the country are "waking up in fear" because of the cost-of-living crisis. In his Easter sermon at Canterbury Cathedral, Justin Welby spoke of his concern for families struggling with rising energy and food prices as well as for those bereaved by Covid-19. The Archbishop also called for a ceasefire in the Russian war on Ukraine and condemned the Government's plan to send asylum-seekers to Rwanda as the "opposite of the nature of God". He said: "Families across the country are waking up to cold homes and empty stomachs as we face the greatest cost-of-living crisis we have known in our lifetimes. "And because of this they wake up with fear." He later added: "For many in this country the news from Ukraine is terrible, but the rising cost of power, fuel and basic food will be the first and overwhelming thought of the day. "For others it will be the continued deep sense of loss of someone from Covid, or during Covid, to whom they could not say a proper farewell. The news might move on, but grief does not." DON'T MISS Nicola Sturgeon suffers humiliating child poverty blow [INSIGHT]'We fought wars for you!' Boris slammed for 'insulting' pension policy [ANALYSIS]‘More con man than Conservative’ Sunak savaged for fuel failure [COMMENT] Speaking about the Government's plans to send asylum seekers to Rwanda, the Archbishop said Christ's resurrection should be a time for "repentance and renewal", not for "sub-contracting our responsibilities". He said: "The principle must stand the judgment of God and it cannot. It cannot carry the weight of resurrection justice, of life conquering death. "It cannot carry the weight of the resurrection that was first to the least valued, for it privileges the rich and strong. "And it cannot carry the weight of our national responsibility as a country formed by Christian values, because sub-contracting out our responsibilities, even to a country that seeks to do well like Rwanda, is the opposite of the nature of God who himself took responsibility for our failures."