The research, carried out by the Living Wage Foundation, showed that despite the increased National Living Wage (NLW) introduced on April 1, workers across the UK remain hundreds of pounds short of a wage in line with the costs of living - and thousands under for those who live in London. The NLW is enforced by law and ensures all contractual workers are paid what can be deemed as a reasonable, minimum hourly rate. Minimum wages differ depending on age and whether you’re an apprentice. The Government’s current National Living Wage is based on a target to reach two-thirds of median earnings by 2024, which should see an estimated Living Wage be in excess of £10.50 an hour. As of April 1, the NLW was raised to £9.50, up from £8.91. However, while the current UK cost of living spirals out of control; with housing prices skyrocketing, fuel prices soaring to record highs, and energy bills increasing by 50 percent as of last week, this wage increase does not appear to meet these costs. Katherine Chapman, director at the Living Wage Foundation, said: “Millions of people are facing a cost of living crisis right now, with many unable to meet basic needs.  READ MORE: Rishi Sunak backlash grows – ‘I’m getting £2 extra pension'   "The increase in National Living Wage will help somewhat, but it is still significantly less than is needed for a real Living Wage that covers the cost of living. “With bills sky-rocketing and with no sign that this will end soon, workers and families throughout the country are struggling to keep their heads above water. " The Living Wage Foundation, an independent organisation that calculates wage rates according to the cost of living in London and the rest of the UK, provides guidelines for employers to sign up to on a voluntary basis to pay their staff a reasonable wage. These wages are coined the Real Living Wage, and nearly 10,000 employers across the UK have signed up to pay the higher rates. However, there are currently 4.8 million jobs in circulation below the real Living Wage in the UK (1 in 6 workers).  The Real Living Wage has been calculated to be £9.90 in the UK, and £11.05 in London - which is quite a jump from the current £9.50 NLW applicable across the board. Analysis by the Living Wage Foundation found that a UK worker earning the Government’s NLW would need an extra £780 each year to bring their earnings in line with the real Living Wage. This difference amounts to three months (13 weeks) of food bills or 10 weeks of housing costs, according to national averages. With the cost of living in the capital far higher than the rest of the UK, a worker living in London who is paid the Government’s NLW would need to find more than £3,000 extra to bring their income in line with the London Living Wage. This difference represents nearly a year (43 weeks) of food bills, or five months (22 weeks) of housing costs.  DON'T MISS: Martin Lewis: A little-known way to pay for dentistry and opticians [EXPLAINED] Is it cheaper to hand wash or use a dishwasher? [ANALYSIS] Energy crisis: MPs claimed total of £420,000 in expenses on bills [INSIGHT]    Ms Chapman said: "Even before the cost of living crisis, millions of workers and families were struggling to stay afloat. She continued: “If we’re to weather this storm, we need employers to take action now, step up, and provide a real Living Wage that meets everyday needs, giving security and stability for both employers and workers.” Gavin Ryan, a Living Wage worker at Anchor Removals, said: “When I started working for Anchor 10 years ago, the wages were poor and we were struggling. I found it really hard. “Our Managing Director Chris changed us to a Living Wage Employer in 2016, as he had always said when we got through the tough times he would look after us and he has. “Now, I have stability and job security, and the wages are helping me start to look for a new home as I still currently live with my mum. “I can also look after my daughter and buy her the things she needs. During the pandemic, my partner Nic lost her job as a travel consultant and went to work for a supermarket.  “Her hours and pay were not great, but because I was earning the Living Wage with guaranteed hours, I knew I could support her. It was a life-saver.” Kim Coles, financial director at Lush, said: "At Lush we are incredibly grateful to the Living Wage Foundation for providing an independently calculated real living wage rate for us each year; particularly in these tough times when our people need it the most. “Lush staff making and selling our products are crucial to our success and we continue to commit to the rate to ensure that, as the cost of living continues to rise, we can be confident that our rates of pay are fair and that our staff can afford what they need to thrive, not just to survive." As of April 1, the National Living Wage (NLW) and the National Minimum Wage (NMW) were increased across all age groups. The complete list of minimum wage increases is as follows: 