Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One and the daytime TV series is known for its impressive list of antiques experts. Charles Hanson is often on hand to offer his opinions on the value of specific items. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the expert, including whether he is married. Charles Hanson, is a chartered surveyor and TV personality who is known for his regular appearances on antiques shows. He started his career in 1999 at Christie's as a valuer in the European Ceramics and Glass Department. Eventually, he founded Hansons Auctioneers and Valuers in Derbyshire in 2005. In 2010, Hanson married his wife Rebecca Ludlam and he now lives in Derbyshire with her and their two children. READ MORE: Kate Bliss children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children?  The couple tied the knot in Mackworth, Derbyshire. Hanson opened up about how lucky he felt to marry Rebecca. He told Derbyshire Live back in 2021: "I'm used to dealing with beautiful things but Rebecca is the most beautiful treasure of all and I'm very lucky she is my wife.” They welcomed their son Frederick in 2016, but it was not an easy experience for them. Frederick had been intensive care after being born by caesarian section at 32 weeks. The couple discovered he would need blood transfusions while in the womb because of a pre-natal condition related to a rare antibody in the blood. Their daughter, Matilda, was born in 2014. The expert's interest in antiques began when he was young, starting off with general history. Over time his passion became archaeology and enjoyed visiting National Trust properties in his teens. DON'T MISS... Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? [INSIGHT] Caroline Hawley: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? [EXPLAINER] Jonathan Pratt age: How old is the Bargain Hunt expert? [INSIGHT]  This was how his fascination with antiques began to take hold. Speaking about the favourite part of his job, he said: "What means the most to me when meeting people is learning of their history and hearing their stories, who their objects belonged to, the sentiment behind them. "Often an object is worth far more to the family than any financial gain that could be achieved." His favourite Bargain Hunt find is a quirky Elizabethan stirrup cup, which made a £20 profit. The star admitted he was intrigued by quirky objects with history and a tale to tell. He opened up about how any free time he has is spent with his wife and children. Before his son was born, he said: "Any free time I have is spent with my wife Rebecca and daughter Matilda. "Life is so busy, that taking time for a family walk in the countryside around my home is an absolute joy." Bargain Hunt airs today, April 9, at 1.15pm. 