Liverpool may be able to rival Manchester City's expected capture of Erling Haaland by signing a trio of Premier League stars if they play their cards right in the upcoming summer transfer window. Haaland is said to be closing in on a lucrative move to the Etihad Stadium ahead of next season, with the Borussia Dortmund marksman in talks over personal terms with a view to joining the club in the summer months. The move could see City emerge as the overwhelming favourites to claim next season's Premier League title at the expense of Liverpool, who look set to miss out on this year's honours after failing to beat Pep Guardiola's side earlier this month. However, the Reds may have the opportunity to respond by bringing in as many as three high-quality reinforcements to boost their hopes of domestic glory at the next time of asking.Liverpool have been linked with a number of high-profile attackers in recent weeks and are known to be keen admirers of Jarrod Bowen, who has emerged as one of West Ham's most important assets over the last few years. The 25-year-old has chipped in with 15 goals in all competitions this season and could even be pushing for a place in the England squad at this year's World Cup if he manages to keep up the good work over the coming months.Jurgen Klopp has praised Bowen on a number of previous occasions and could finally decide to launch a move for his services to strengthen his attacking ranks in the summer window. However, it seems unlikely that West Ham would be looking to sell for anything less than a premium fee, which suggests that Liverpool could be forced to shell out a big financial package in order to push through a deal with the Hammers. JUST IN: Ajax star begs Erik ten Hag to bring him to Man Utd The Reds have also been credited with a strong interest in Leeds United winger Raphinha and reportedly enquired about his availability last summer but did not make an official bid for his signature. The player's agent, Deco, has already revealed that Liverpool are big fans while insisting that his client will be looking to move on to bigger and better things in the not-too-distant future."Liverpool do like him and there were some approaches, but nothing official, Leeds wanted to keep him for another season," Deco told Globo last year. "Raphinha is happy at Leeds, but there will certainly come a time when he wants to take a step up in his career and move forward." Meanwhile, Youri Tielemans could emerge as another potential coup for Liverpool after rejecting the offer of a new and improved contract at Leicester City. The Belgian is said to have been on Liverpool's radar for some time and the upcoming summer window could represent the perfect opportunity to snap him up for a reduced fee before his current deal runs out next year.It remains to be seen whether Liverpool will be able to gear up for a renewed Premier League title challenge by spending heavily in the market to land Bowen, Raphinha and Tielemans in advance of next season. Whatever happens, it will be crucial for the Reds to make the right calls in order to stand the best chance of pipping City to the prize, especially if the defending champions manage to rubber-stamp a sensational move for Haaland over the coming weeks. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here