The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and their three children are on a family holiday skiing in the French Alps. The Cambridge royals were reported to have taken the holiday ahead of the Easter weekend. Kate, William, George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis were spotted in Courchevel, a French Alps ski resort. While yet to officially confirm their holiday, several social media users claim to have spotted the family enjoying meals and having fun there. Now, an image submitted to Royal blog 'From Berkshire To Buckingham' showed Kate and William watching their eldest son take to the slopes. In the image, William, dressed in a blue ski suit, and Kate, in a white jacket and navy blue trousers, look to their right as George attempts to ski. The blog said: “The woman who shared this snap said that William and Kate had not put their ski goggles on yet when they got off the lift. “She was clipping her skis on next to Kate and didn’t even realize it. “Her friends had to alert her to the proximity of the two royal stars. “She said in this picture the couple were watching George on the slopes with his ski instructor.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Danger becoming soap opera' William misses Harry George, eight, and Charlotte, six, are also on their school holidays from Thomas's Battersea, while Louis, three, is enjoying a break from Willcocks Nursery School. Back in March 2016, the Duke and Duchess took George and Charlotte to Courchevel for their first family holiday. A spokesperson said at the time: “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are delighted to share new photographs of their family. "The images show Their Royal Highnesses enjoying a short skiing holiday with their children in the French Alps. "This was their first holiday as a family-of-four and the first time either of the children had played in the snow. “It was very special and fun short holiday for the family, and they are grateful that John Stillwell [The PA photographer] was able to capture the moment so well. The Duke and Duchess hope people enjoy the photos." It comes after William released an episode of the Climate of Change podcast, co-hosted by actor Cate Blanchett. When Ms Blanchett said he appeared "quite hopeful" that we may be able to "work our way out of what seems to be a crisis", the Duke replied by quoting Christiana Figueres, chair of Earthshot’s board of trustees, saying he felt like a "stubborn optimist". He added: "She’s given me a lot of hope that this can happen and I believe it, and I’m seeing it with my own eyes. It’s really inspiring, it’s really hopeful. And I do believe we can make huge strides. "I really do think it can be done in much quicker time than we anticipate because the solutions are out there. There are real solutions to these problems."