The leader of the newly established True and Fair political party was questioned on her views surrounding the probe into comments made by Boris Johnson. The Labour party have proposed a review of statements made by the Prime Minister to determine if the Tory leader misled Parliament. Gina Miller supported the rush to address the partygate scandal and argued the controversy is an “issue that needs to be resolved”.    The party founder claimed the nation is “angry” with the actions of Boris Johnson and demanded the Prime Minister be “held to account”. In an interview for GB News, host Eamonn Holmes asked the party leader if her support for an investigation into the Prime Minister was tied to her opposition to Brexit. Ms Miller asserted her opinion on the partygate scandal was strictly “not about Brexit”. She declared no politician should be able “to put themselves above the law”. Broadcaster Eamonn Holmes suggested the “real problem” concerns Ms Miller’s desire to “get even” with Boris Johnson.    The GB News host named Ms Miller a “bad loser” as he accused her of holding a grudge over her Brexit defeat. The party leader described the Brexit movement as “yesterday’s battle” and denied the claims of bitterness and she agreed the UK is now “a Brexit country”. Ms Miller affirmed she did not oppose Boris Johnson for “personal” reasons and has spoken out against the Prime Minister “on behalf of the country”. She continued the issue did not surround “the colour of the government” and maintained she believed “any government should be held to account”. Read more: Gina Miller humiliated as new political party sensationally flops   The True and Fair party founder claimed recent polls indicate the public supports her goal to “put to bed” the Downing Street gathering scandal. Ms Miller explained the reputation of Boris Johnson has been notably “damaged” in the partygate scandal and a full investigation is needed to enable the nation to “move on”. She described the urgent need for “checks and balances” to hold offending political officials to account”. The politician testified more stringent measures would exclude “bullies” and “lies” from the political system. Don't miss:Remainer Gina Miller says UK & EU must end 'faux wars' with each other [ANALYSIS]'Voters want him gone' Gina Miller condemns Boris [REPORT]Boris Johnson is NOT using Ukraine to save himself [POLL RESULTS] Ms Miller argued such a high level of deception is not permitted in “any other walk of life”. “Why should it be allowed in politics?” she asked. The party leader insisted the true issue lies in faults in the wider political system of the UK. Ms Miller called for the “weak” system to be urgently addressed to prevent politicians from exploiting loopholes to position themselves “above the law”.  