Gary Neville hung his head in frustration over Graeme Souness' comments regarding Manchester United owners the Glazers following the Red Devils' humiliating 4-0 drubbing to Liverpool at Anfield on Tuesday night. The former United right-back slammed the American owners for "draining" money from the club while declaring that the 20-time English champions are "broken". Following the damaging defeat, Souness jumped to the defence of the Glazer family, insisting the blame being attributed to them for United's demise over the past decade is unfair. The Liverpool legend told Sky Sports: "I can't personally put too much blame attached to the Glazers, other than them allowing people who weren't qualified and obviously weren't good enough to make football decisions. In terms of the funding, you cannot be critical of that." As Souness delivered the proclamation, Neville slumped in his chair and hung his head in exasperation at the remarks. He then responded, by saying: "Graeme, seriously. No owners of any business - good business - in the world when the core activity of that business is failing and the cash reserves have been drained over the last three years through Covid, continue to take money out of a business." Souness then tried to interject, but Neville wasn't having any of it. The ex-Red Devil swiftly shut the Scot down before launching into an extraordinary rant in which he blasted United's owners, condemned the club for prioritising players over managers and declared that United were "broken". JUST IN: 5 things we learned as as five-star Reds send title statement  "No, Graeme, let me finish please," he continued. "No shareholders and directors and owners of a good business, when the business is failing in its core activity, the cash reserves are being drained, there is investment required of hundreds of millions into the stadium and the training ground and continue to take money out of the business. They can't do it. "Coming back to the recruitment side, what the club have done over the last ten years - I think Jurgen Klopp apparently had an interview or a conversation with Manchester United when he spoke to Ed Woodward. What Manchester United have done is brought players in with piano introductions like Sanchez or 'PogBack' and all the big palaver around him, the Cristiano one last year - they have elevated the player above the manager at the football club as well. DON'T MISS  "You go to Liverpool, you go to Chelsea, you go to Manchester City, the manager is the primary figure at the football club. They [Manchester United] have undermined managers over the last ten years at Manchester United by basically elevating the players into this sort of God-like status and the players haven't performed. "There are a lot of things that, to be fair, the players could do better, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at the start of the season could have done better, Ralf Rangnick maybe could have done better, but fundamentally, the club is broken on and off the pitch. The stadium is falling apart, the training ground has now fallen back to second rate compared to other training grounds, the owners are taking £25million-a-year out of the club when actually the club needs investment and sets the culture badly from the top."  