Musk was welcomed to the board on Tuesday after his investment in the company was announced. However, Twitter’s CEO Parag Agrawal tweeted on Monday morning: “Elon has decided not to join our board. "I sent a brief note to the company, sharing with you all here.”  The note read: “Elon Musk has decided not to join our board. "Here’s what I can share about what happened. “The Board and I had many discussions about Elon joining the board, and with Elon directly. “We were excited to collaborate and clear about the risks. "We also believed that having Elon as a fiduciary of the company where he, like all board members, has to act in the best interest of the company and our shareholders, was the best path forward. “The board offered him a seat.”   He continued: "We announced on Tuesday that Elon would be appointed to the Board contingent on a backgraound check and formal acceptance." "Elon's appointment to the board was to become officially effective 4/9, but Elon shared that same morning that he will no longer be joining the board. “I believe this is for the best. "We have and will always value input from our shareholders whether they are on our Board or not.” He added: “Elon is our biggest shareholder, and we will remain open to his input. “There will be difficulties ahead, but our goals and priorities remain unchanged. READ MORE: Marine Le Pen's Brexit warning to UK: 'Raise our voice!'    "The decisions we make and how we execute is in our hands, no one else’s. “Let’s tune out the noise, and stay focused on the work and what we’re building.” Mr Agrawal appeared excited on April 5 when he tweeted about Musk joining the board and noted how the Tesla CEO is a “passionate believer and intense critic of the service which is exactly what we need on Twitter and in the boardroom, to make us stronger in the long-term". On the same day, Mr Musk began conducting polls on his Twitter account to his 81.3 million followers which began with the question “do you want an edit button?”. DON'T MISS: Support grows for Macron as losing candidates rally against Le Pen (INSIGHT)POLL: 'Would Rishi Sunak make a good PM?' - VOTE NOW (POLL)Lewis Hamilton clarifies angry radio message to Mercedes (COMMENT)  By April 9 he asked, “Is Twitter dying?” with a picture of the most followed accounts on Twitter including Barack Obama, Taylor Swift and Rihanna who post “rarely” and “very little content”. The tweets over the weekend then became absurd over “deleting the W in Twitter” and converting “Twitter SF HQ to homeless shelter since no one shows up anyway”. Minutes after the announcement from the Twitter CEO, Musk tweeted a sniggering emoji with a hand over the mouth with no following context. 