Danniella Westbrook, 48, is engaged to her secret jailbird boyfriend after he popped the question during a prison visit. The former EastEnders actress has revealed she will be waiting until he's released before they tie the knot - and she's expecting an even bigger ring soon. Danniella and her mystery man known only as David met years ago in Spain when they both lived out there. She described their first attempt at a relationship as “tumultuous” and “on off all the time”. But now, it appears they have put the blazing rows behind them as David asked Danniella to be his wife. She has already been married twice before - to Ben Morgan in 1998, which lasted one year, and then to businessman Kevin Jenkins in 2001. Her marriage to Kevin lasted until 2014, but their divorce wasn’t finalised until 2020. Now, Danniella is over the moon as she prepares to walk down the aisle for a third time. "I've got a big ring that was made for me, and I wore it into the jail and David said 'it was lovely but it's not big enough' so there is a bigger one coming,” she said. "He has asked me to marry him but I told him to wait until he gets home. He asks me all the time, he even asked me at the jail. “He didn't get down on one knee or anything but he's like 'we are getting married you know,’” she added to The Sun. Wasting no time, the former Sam Mitchell actress has already pinned down a possible location for the big day - the Maldives. Earlier this month, Danniella revealed David will be released in just under a year, having been jailed in early 2019. According to The Sun, she penned: “1 months till he's home and we get to go here,” alongside photos of a romantic date locations. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp's best friend sobs in court over Amber Heard abuse case [TEARS] Stacey Solomon says 'boobs are on fire' as she's rushed to doctors [UPDATE] Adam Boulton erupts at ex-Sky News pal over Rwanda migrant comments [TWITTER] She had only just revealed her relationship status to fans, after shooting down false rumours. The star was linked to former TOWIE star Grace Andrew’s father Terry, after they were spotted at lunch together. But taking to her Instagram, Danniella clarified: "This is not my boyfriend. It was a working lunch. My boyfriend is in JAIL!!!" Her exciting news will no doubt help cheer Danniella up after she announced the heartbreaking news that her new rescue dog had died just a month after she took him home. Sharing a photo of the gorgeous bulldog, named Bruno, she penned: “Rest in peace my Bruno bear. You was such a good boy, full of love. Right till the end. We will miss you, so, so much." Elsewhere, the  actress took to Instagram to reveal the results of her recent nose surgery after she had the first in a series of reconstruction operations. The star, who was pictured with a heavily bandaged face earlier this month, recently revealed plans to have a rib inserted into her face after years of drug abuse caused her nose to collapse, and she has also had lip filler and Botox.