George Russell doesn't see any major upgrades on the horizon for Mercedes, suggesting their struggles on track are set to continue. The Silver Arrows have begun the season on the backfoot with neither Russell or Lewis Hamilton able to compete with Red Bull and Ferrari so far. A two-week break between the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix and the race in Melbourne was seen as a chance for Mercedes to make some changes to the W13. But it was a similar result last weekend with Mercedes running behind their two main rivals. Their main concern so far has been keeping the midfield teams behind them with Alpine, McLaren and Alfa Romeo all running quick packages. Russell did manage to pick up his first podium of the season after benefitting from a Safety Car in Australia, along with Max Verstappen's retirement. The 24-year-old paid credit to those working in Brackley and Brixworth to get him in a position to battle for a podium spot. But Russell isn't expecting any major upgrades to his car in the near future, indicating it will take at least a few more months for Mercedes to challenge near the front. JUST IN: Things you may have missed from the Australian GP  "It's credit due to the team for giving us so far, a very reliable car and we've got to be there at the end to capitalise from these results," Russell said. "It’s definitely not based on pace but I think it's been a respectable start to the season in terms of how we've managed to optimise our lack of performance. "And I think every race we've done, we have truly maximised the result possible. I don't think we could have achieved a higher result at any of the circuits as a team and that is, I guess, a silver lining. DON'T MISS  "But unfortunately, there's nothing substantial in the pipeline anytime soon. It's not going to happen overnight, it's going to take a number of races. I think there'll be little things, there'll be incremental steps but we recognise that our rivals are going to be doing the same so it may not be clear to the outside world that we've made progress because Ferrari and Red Bull are going to be making progress as well." He added: "I'd love to say we've made a lot of progress but I think we've got to look at the lap times and we haven't closed the gap at all to these guys to the right of me. And we know we've got a lot of work to do but I have faith that we can get there. "We know the potential is in the car. And we've got a lot of work to do to extract that performance. It won't happen overnight; it won’t happen in the next race, but I do think in time we will get there. "So, for the time being, if we keep picking up these results, it's keeping us in the mix."