The fresh approach comes as a result of figures showing an estimated £1.7billion is left unclaimed in this benefit. Caroline Abrahams, Charity Director at Age UK, also encouraged people to investigate the matter further, to see whether they could be eligible. The Government said: “It comes as new figures show many pensioners could be missing out on Pension Credit, a vital financial boost that can be worth over £3,300 a year.” Pension Credit assists Britons over the state pension age who are on a low income. In the current cost of living crisis, the payment could be especially helpful for those who are worried about their finances. The benefit tops up one’s weekly income to a minimum of £177.10 for single pensioners and £270.30 for couples. Additionally, as benefits payments are due to rise on April 11, these amounts will increase by 3.1 percent to £182.60 and £278.70 respectively. READ MORE: ‘Very good deal!’ State pensioners could boost sum using National Insurance option  Ms Abrahams explained: “Pension Credit can make a big difference if you’ve reached state pension age and haven’t got much money coming in. “With prices rising rapidly at the moment it’s more important than ever to claim what’s rightfully yours. “Pension Credit is something of a well kept secret - many people have simply not heard of it. That’s a real shame because at Age UK we see how much it helps those who actually receive it." Ms Abrahams urged older Britons to check their eligibility and put a claim in for the benefit. She concluded: “We hope this campaign is the first step in a sustained Government effort to bring Pension Credit to the older public’s attention, and we warmly support it for this reason. Pension Credit is really important for older people and deserves to be much better known.” The campaign will reportedly include online and social media advertising and leaflet distribution in local communities. The DWP has also said local businesses can get involved in the campaign using the digital toolkit and encouraging eligible Britons to contact the claim line. State pension recipients will also be reminded of Pension Credit through the post. An estimated 1.4 million pensioners currently receive Pension Credit but the vast sum left unclaimed has pushed DWP to renew its call for eligible Britons to come forward. Guy Opperman, Minister for Pensions, said: “We recognise the challenges some pensioners will be facing with the cost of living which is why promoting Pension Credit is a priority. “That’s why we’re calling on everyone with retired family, friends and loved ones to check in with them and see if they can get this extra financial support.” Not only will the campaign bring to light the underused benefit but also aims to reveal the truth behind some myths and misconceptions held by the public about Pension Credit. It has also been highlighted that Pension Credit doesn’t just provide a financial increase. The benefit provides Britons with access to a range of other discounts, assistance and freebies such as council tax reduction, free TV licences for over 75s and help with heating bills. Mr Opperman concluded: “Pension Credit can be claimed by phone and online, ensuring that older people can apply safely and easily, wherever they are. "The online Pension Credit calculator is also on hand to help pensioners check if they’re likely to be eligible and get an estimate of what they may receive."