Ralf Rangnick’s job description at Manchester United is currently in doubt, according to reports. The German is currently in charge of the team on an interim basis, having replaced Ole Gunnar Solskjaer earlier in the campaign. But, when it comes to his long-term future, things are less certain. Manchester United thought they’d be able to salvage their season when they hired Rangnick at December, shortly after Solskjaer was relieved of his duties. Yet the Red Devils have gone from bad to worse under the 63-year-old, with their season already all but over. Rangnick has spoken of the need for United to change their ways ahead of moving upstairs as a consultant, with the club continuing to toil in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. But The Sun say his very job description as a consultant is in doubt ahead of the summer. The German reportedly had designs on becoming football director at United, having previously performed a similar role at clubs such as RB Leipzig and Lokomotiv Moscow. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz However, United may now only offer him a position as an advisor for a ‘couple of days a week’. Rangnick has compiled a list of players he thinks United should sell and buy as the end of the season creeps closer. But the Red Devils have their own ideas on how the future should play out and there’s no guarantee they’ll listen to the 63-year-old’s advice. United saw their season stoop to a new low on Saturday, with the Red Devils slipping to a disappointing 1-1 draw against Leicester. Kelechi Iheanacho put the Foxes ahead, with the former Manchester City striker expertly heading past David De Gea. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players But Fred managed to snatch a draw for the Red Devils, sparing them from further embarrassment in the process. Speaking after the game, Rangnick admitted he was unimpressed with his side’s turgid display and admitted they struggled to get going over the course of the showdown. "The second half was the better one, we were struggling to find the rhythm in the first half possibly because of the international break," Rangnick said. "We gave away a goal on a transitional moment but the reaction after was good and scored a goal. “In the end we were not happy with the result but the second half was OK. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "In the last 15 minutes we tried to score a goal but in this game we did not score the late goal. “We don't have the offensive players and even Jesse Lingard was feeling sick. “The only one we had was Marcus Rashford. We knew this morning Cristiano Ronaldo could not play and decided to start Paul Pogba." Bruno Fernandes also spoke out and urged United to look ahead to the next game, despite the disappointment of the draw. “Everyone is disappointed,” the Portugal international told MUTV post-match. “This result was not the result that we want but there is nothing we can do now. “We have to look ahead to the next game and understand that the standard of this club has to be higher and better, and we know we are capable of that.” He added: “It was important also for the confidence, to push us and obviously the fans start to believe a little bit more with us, start pushing a little bit more,” he said. “As I said before, we started to create a little bit more, we try to win the game but at the end we couldn’t. “That’s what we have to do [focus on winning every one] and you have to think [about] winning every game we have going forward. “But now, [we need to be] thinking about the next one and not rushing too much because we have to think game by game.”