‘Coupon Queen’ Holly Smith joined Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary to share her superb deals of the week to help homeowners and shoppers save money. From cheap clothes, to free TV channels, Holly also explained how car owners can earn up to £100 a month. “Grazing platter for four at Morrisons,” Holly revealed. “You can get this box that is crammed with doughnuts, muffins, cookies and shorbreads. “It’s for four people and it’s only £4. “Perfect excuse to go in the park and have a picnic!” READ MORE: Meghan Markle doesn't want to ‘divert too much attention’ with outfits “There’s a website called Youknowwhos and it’s a website that specialises in ex-high street stock,” Holly revealed. “You might wonder what happens to all the clothes in stores and homewear goes out of season, it goes to website like Youknowhos and you can buy it for as low as a £1. “And when the clothes come through [delivered] they actually have the branded tags on.” For anyone looking to purchase beauty products, Hollie explained No7 has several items on sale if shoppers go direct to the website. “No7 is sold exclusively in Boots but they do have their own website No7beauty.co.uk,” Holly explained. “Now on there at the moment they have an outlet section and the prices are super low. “I bought £64 worth of make up for £21 last week. “They also have loads of gift sets - put them away for Christmas and save money.” DON'T MISS...Weight loss: How to burn more calories when resting [EXCLUSIVE]Kate Middleton rewears £1400 worth of clothes for today's appearance [PICTURES]Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £10k to make £35k - here's how [VIDEO] “Two pairs of shoes at Shoezone for £10,” Holly said. “This includes mens, womens and childrens. “Shoezone also have a loyalty club and when you sign up, you get a £5 off a £20 spend. “So what I did, I’ve got four kids, I bought four pairs of shoes, I managed to get them for £15 and free delivery - and they’re really good quality.” Holly said: “BT Home Essentials - if you are on a means tested benefits, such as universal credit or pension credit, you can get unlimited fibre broadband and 700 minutes calls to mobiles and landline for only £15 a month.” Any SKY Q or Sky Glass customers “can get discovery+ channel completely free for 12 months”. Holly said the discovery+ channel is “worth £49.99”. “To claim this, all you have to do is go to the app section on your Sky Q box and that’ll be on the upgrade tile.” Holly also shared a cheap way to get Disney+ for six months. She said: “Up until April 29, you can exchange £8 of Tesco Clubcard vouchers for a six month subscription to Disney+. “This is for new and existing customers. All you have to do is head over to the Tesco website to claim.” For any gamers, Holly said the “Nintendo e-shop up to 90 percent off Nintendo Switch games”. “There’s hundreds to choose from and starting from 89p,” she added. “All you have to do is instantly download them.” “The first one is advertising on your car,” Holly said. “This is really easy, there are several websites that you can sign up to, two of my personal favourites are CarQuids and Advertoo. “All you do is sign up, put in all your details and then they pair you up with an advertiser and as soon as you’re paried up with an advertiser you go to a fitting centre and they put a vinyl sticker on your car and you can get paid up to £100 a month. “It’s all professionally fitted as well, because people were saying to me ‘Will is scratch my car?’ “You go to a proper fitting centre, they put it all on, and when it’s ready to be removed, they take it off for you.”