Anne-Marie Trevelyan detailed her personal suffering of sexist actions by her male MP colleagues in Westminster. LBC’s Nick Ferrari asked the international trade secretary, “have you witnessed misogyny at any point?”. She said: “I have witnessed and been at the sharp end of misogyny from some colleagues many times over. ’m very comfortable being a strong, forthright, plain-speaking woman when it’s come in my direction.”    “Might I ask how that misogyny presented itself? What happened?” Ferrari pushed. “We might describe it as wandering hands, if you like,” explained Ms Trevelyan. She divulged, “we might describe it as, a number of years ago, being pinned up against a wall by a male MP, who is now no longer in the house I am pleased to say.” The Conservative MP detailed the incident involving the male “declaring that I must want him because he was a powerful man.”   “These sorts of things, the power abuses of a very small minority, thank goodness, of male colleagues is completely unacceptable,” denounced Ms Trevelyan. She continued, “we’ve made real progress in both calling it out and indeed supporting those who are starting to feel they can come forward and raise it.” The Tory MP declared her support for women facing misogyny: “those of us as senior women across all the political parties absolutely stand ready to both support and indeed help them to deal with anyone who thinks this is ok - it is not ok, it is not ok in any workplace.” She furthered her tirade against sexism, “it is not ok in any form of social environment for men to abuse their position, their power, their strength, it is not ok.” Read more: Angela Rayner in trousers for first TV appearance “On how many occasions did male MPs have wandering hands towards you, Anne Marie Trevelyan?” asked Ferrari. “Do you know - I haven’t kept a list Nick, but a number,” the international trade secretary retorted. “Is it that many? Are we talking a dozen?” Ferrari questioned, shocked by the claims of the MP. “Oh no, probably half a dozen, a couple were repeat offenders but they’ve got the message now,” Ms Trevelyan assured. Don't miss:Susanna Reid hits out at MP claiming male reporters are a boy's club [REVEAL]Boris pledges brutal reprimand over 'misogynistic' Rayner brief [ISNIGHT]“It’s still real” report finds STAGGERING sexism in UK businesses [REPORT] The claims of the Tory MP emerged at a critical time for Parliament as accusations of misogyny within the House continue to surface. Deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner was recently the subject of a crude report which suggested she used a ‘basic instinct’ ploy of seductive behaviour to distract politicians. Further to this, accusations of a Tory minister watching porn within the Chamber have become known. Anne-Marie Trevelyan said it was vital the claims were thoroughly investigated and addressed in an appropriate manner.   