Carol Kirkwood, 59, has taken to social media to address speculation regarding her future on BBC Breakfast. The weather presenter has recently become surrounded by rumours she is set to step into Dan Walker’s role after he announced his departure from the show earlier this month, while others have been speculating she is set to leave the show altogether. In view of her 226,000 Twitter followers, Carol spoke out on the debate surrounding her TV role after a Twitter user congratulated her on her “new job”. Social media user Tomlungley1 said: “@carolkirkwood congratulations on your new job as a Morning presenter.” Carol promptly responded: “No T! Staying on @BBCBreakfast xxx” Following long-serving presenter Dan Walker’s upcoming departure from the landmark BBC programme, fans have speculated about who will replace him and present alongside co-host Sally Nugent. Some were convinced Carol would be a good fit for the role as they discussed their thoughts on Twitter. Ian Ansell penned: "Not sure we’ve had a weather presenter take the sofa? “This opens up bringing the mighty Carol Kirkwood in." Gary Williams typed: "Opportunity for a shakeup! Like, have a woman sit on the left side of the screen? #CarolKirkwood." Chrissy Tailsmore thought: "Oooh, Carol Kirkwood to replace Dan maybe? “Would be nice to see two women present for once! Us viewers have figured it out!" Dan himself took to the social media platform to poke fun at the fan theories surrounding his exit. Making a dig at the rumours last week, Dan congratulated Carol on her “new job” in view of his 753,000 followers. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [LATEST]Julia Bradbury shares insight to her biggest 'support' [UPDATE]A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman reflects on bad weather [INSIGHT] He shared a picture of Carol from an article covering the rumours, which had been captioned: “Fans think Carol Kirkwood could replace the star.” Dan wrote: “Good morning Carol. All the best with your new job.” Carol simply exclaimed in response: “NAUGHTY!!” alongside a string of laughing and kissing emojis. Dan recently announced he will be stepping away from the BBC after hosting BBC Breakfast since 2016. The presenter has decided to join Channel 5 as a lead anchor on the recently re-launched hour-long 5pm news bulletin. Channel 5 revealed the news on Twitter last week along with a one minute video featuring Dan. The broadcaster wrote:  "Some news to share with you all from us at  @5_News. "@mrdanwalker will be bringing you the news at 5pm every day from now on. And he's got something to tell you all - watch his video down below."