Manchester City are facing off against Leeds United in one of the final games for the Citizens' this season. Coverage of the game starts at 5pm ahead of kick-off at 5.30pm, with Sky Sports having the rights to broadcast the Premier League game live in the UK. If you want to tune in to all the action from today's Manchester City Leeds United game then you can find the best Sky Sports deals below. With City and Liverpool involved in a tense title hunt, every point counts and any slip-ups could end up deciding the fate of the title this season. Both sides know this all too well, with the 2018/19 season also going down to the wire with Manchester City clinching the title on the last day after finishing just one point ahead of Liverpool. Going into this weekend's fixtures, just one point once again separated Liverpool and City.  You can tune in and watch coverage of Leeds vs Manchester City on Sky Sports Premier League and Sky Sports Main Event from 5pm, with kick-off at 5.30pm. If you've got Sky Glass or Sky Q then a Sky Sports membership will usually cost £32 a month. But Sky is currently running a deal that drops that price to £20 a month. This can be paired with the standard Sky TV bundle, which unlocks access to exclusive channels like Sky Atlantic, as well as Comedy Central, MTV, and more, coupled with a Netflix subscription. If you're not home, everything from Sky Sports is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app, which is available for both Android and iOS devices. You can also sign in to Sky Go on an Xbox or PlayStation to watch in another room if someone else is using the Sky Q box. Sky-owned NOW, formerly NOW TV, offers limited-time access to Sky Sports. One month usually costs £33.99, but for a limited time only this price has dropped to £20 a month (but you'll need to sign up for nine months). While a single 24-hour period of Sky Sports will cost a one-off payment of £11.98 with NOW. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Unfortunately, if you're outside of the UK right now, your Sky Go and NOW subscriptions might not work as you'd expect. Sky – just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Prime Video and a number of other services – places restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below... 