Dan Walker, 45, has posted a photo with former football manager Alex Ferguson after they met at Aintree Racecourse. Days on from sensationally quitting BBC Breakfast, Dan revealed Man United legend Alex offered him some useful "career advice". The news presenter stood alongside Alex as the two donned their finest suits. Dan shared the post with his 273,000 Instagram followers. He wrote in the caption: “Nice to catch up with the boss @aintreeracecourse @thejockeyclub.” The father-of-three also added: “He had some great career advice (smiley face)”. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show It comes after Dan announced his departure from presenting BBC Breakfast. He explained earlier this week he will be moving to 5 News and Channel 5. Channel 5 news released the update to Twitter on Wednesday with a short clip of Dan speaking about his unexpected career move. The post read: “Some news to share with you all from us at @5_News. “@MrDanWalker will be bringing you the news at 5pm every day from now on. “And he's got something to tell you all - watch his video down below.” In the video, Dan said it was a hard decision to make, as he loves the show and his colleagues. “This has been a massive decision for me because I love Breakfast,” the star said. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] He added: “I love working alongside Sally and I love the team there. “But Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans. “I don’t think opportunities like this come around very often.” Dan shared the post with his 753,100 Twitter followers yesterday evening. He attached the caption: “Hello lovely people… some news.” Former co-host Louise Minchin responded to the news on Twitter. She wrote on Monday: “Massive congratulations and good luck Dan. “You will be missed on @BBCBreakfast but you won’t miss the early alarm calls.”