A celebrity stylist and TV host, Karen Williams is recognisable thanks to her This Morning appearances, and her hosting on Netflix and Channel 5 make-under shows 100% Hotter and Celebrity 100% Hotter. The stylist, who has dressed the likes of Beyonce, discussed Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton's style with Express.co.uk. She told readers: "Like Kate, Meghan exercises the same types of fashion rules - classic, modern, elegant. "She does push her style a tad more than Kate though - this is in line with her personality." Meghan's style staples include menswear-inspired pieces, such as the simple white shirt. She also leans towards sharp wool coats, and chic ballet flats and pointed-toe stilettoes. The Duchess also likes to wear shorter hems and shift style dresses, showing off the legs she is reported to have told her agent were "as long as a mile". READ MORE: Kate Middleton in £75k of 'beautiful' and rarely-seen jewellery linked to Diana  How can fans emulate Meghan's look? Karen told Express.co.uk: "Quite easily! Her looks are easily recreated by buying exact pieces or with designer dupes. "Just pay close attention to the details, colours and cut of her pieces and you’ll be just fine." As for Kate's style, the expert says: "She just keeps it simple and doesn’t overcomplicate it. Less is more for Kate. "Kate is a classic dresser. She will always have some chic shirts and jeans, rollnecks and stylish coats on hand." DON'T MISSKate Middleton's 'rosy' makeup in Belize perfectly matches pink dress [BEAUTY] Kate Middleton's 300k ring vs Crown Princess Mary's vibrant ruby [JEWELLERY] Meghan's 'smokey eye' compared to Kate's 'natural' look [MAKEUP] The Duchess's wardrobe is full of designer looks, with Meghan showing her high-end purchases on Instagram before she met the Prince. Givenchy Meghan chose the French brand Givenchy to create her wedding dress for her chapel ceremony. The bright white bateau look caused conversations across the world. She then chose the designer for her first-ever solo engagement with the Queen - a huge milestone for any new royal. One of Meghan's style icons, Audrey Hepburn, was a huge fan of the brand. Stella McCartney The British designer created Meghan's second wedding dress, a high neck halter neck design with a flirty low back. Aquazzura The royal is often seen re-wearing her favourite shoes from Aquazzura, a shoe brand made in Italy. Carolina Herrera Carolina is famous for old-fashioned, 50s inspired, ladylike looks. Cartier Meghan is usually dripping in jewellery, with precious trinkets making up part of her unique fashion blueprint. She wrote about purchasing her own Cartier Francaise watch after bagging her role in Suits. She now owns a similar watch, once in Princess Diana's private collection and was gifted a pair of huge Cartier diamond earrings and a diamond tennis bracelet by Prince Charles. As for Kate Middleton's favourite designers, Karen said: "Kate doesn’t just go for high-end designers. "You can often find her exact dresses on the higher end of the high street. Keep an eye out for the sales." "Needle and Thread, The Vampire's Wife and Self Portrait are all some of Kate's Favourite designers," Karen said. "All of them share the same elegant, feminine, and modern feel that work for her body type."