Harry's stage persona has gradually racked up the sex appeal over the past few years alongside the growing success of his solo career. His upcoming third album, Harry's House, is just around the corner, and it is primed to be the rawest look into the star's life yet. To coincide with this, Harry has confessed how odd he felt about sex during his time in One Direction, noting how he felt "terrified" while in the former X Factor band. Harry recently explained how the pandemic helped him open up to himself. He said: "In lockdown, I started processing a lot of stuff that happened when I was in the band. For a long time, it felt like the only thing that was mine was my sex life." He confessed: "I felt so ashamed about it, ashamed at the idea of people even knowing that I was having sex, let alone who with. At the time, there were still the kiss-and-tell things." This not only affected Harry internally but also made him worry about who to talk to. He explained how he found it "stressful" working out who he could trust. Harry eventually had a change of heart. "But," he said. "I think I got to a place where I was like: ‘Why do I feel ashamed? I’m a 26-year-old man who’s single’; it’s, like, yes, I have sex.'" The tell-all interview with Better Homes and Garden Magazine also quizzed the 28-year-old about his sexuality. After the release of his second album, the Grammy Award-winning Fine Line, fans and critics alike became interested to know what was going on behind the curtain. READ MORE: Harry Styles opens up about sex scene shooting in new movie Now, Harry doesn't think it's much of a concern for his fans. He said: "I've been really open with it with my friends. But that's my personal experience; it's mine. The whole point of where we should be heading, which is toward accepting everybody and being more open, is that it doesn't matter." He added: "It's about not having to label everything, not having to clarify what boxes you're checking." This goes, too, for his music. He explained how his first album, 2017's self-titled, was "safe". DON'T MISS...Next James Bond: One Direction star's odds slashed - Craig backed him [NEWS]Idris Elba 'bows out' of James Bond race despite 007 bosses backing [INFO]Harry Styles opens up about sex scene shooting in new movie [INSIGHT] Coming right off the back of One Direction's split, Harry was worried the solo record would not be a commercial hit. Fine Line allowed him to be a bit more "freer". With louder, more garish, more daring - and more sexy - tracks, he allowed himself to open up a little more. Now, going forward into Harry's House, he just "wants to make music that is right, that is fun". Harry said the music he will make in the future will be content "that I can be proud of for a long time, that my friends can be proud of, that my family can be proud of, that my kids will be proud of one day". So far, only one song has been released from Harry's House - As It Was - a sombre look inside what seems to be the star's relationship. Fans may yet get deeper into the star's psyche going forward. Harry Styles - Harry's House hits streaming services on May 20, 2022. SOURCE