Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof started on BBC One on Tuesday, with eight daring celebrities taking on some brutal challenges in freezing temperatures to try to push through their bodies' limits to achieve better wellbeing. Dutch motivational speaker and extreme athlete Wim found fame by breaking records relating to cold exposure and advocating for other benefits of cold therapy. In the opening episode, Owain prepared to jump into a frozen lake but found himself getting overwhelmed both before and after doing so. Other celebrities had taken on the challenge before it was his turn, but when Wim called the journalist to take the plunge he became emotional. Gabby Logan had a scare after her jump as she struggled to catch her breath, leaving the rest of the contestants fearful about taking their turn. Owain averted eye contact with Wim as he went on to select the next person. "Owain," Wim chose while the 38-year-old appeared flustered as he made his way to the freezing water. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces "I'm really... um - I'm really scared," he admitted as he took off his coat. "What is it you're struggling with so much?" presenter Holly Willoughby asked. Owain became tearful as he stated: "You know, some people are scared of heights and some people are scared of cold and just seeing this is just so terrifying. "And I just don't like ice," the Welsh reporter added before he took deep breaths as a pre-recorded clip showed him explaining he suffers from anxiety and grew up struggling with who he was. Wim hugged him as he commented: "Bro, we are like family here, we take care of each other." He assured the Owain: "We'll make you strong, happy and healthy. "Your mind is within you and you make a decision and that decision will empower you to take over the power of your own mind. "And then in future situations [it] will be very beneficial." DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh struggles with 'rude' The Chase question 'You can do it' [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Harvey Monroe killed by Aaron's enemies [THEORY]Wim Hof wife: How the Iceman's late wife inspired techniques [LATEST] He went on: "Any other little difficulties in life... suddenly, 'hey, I made the step'. "Because you've got the power of that mind within your control." Wiping his eyes, a determined-looking Owain nodded as he opted to face his fears. "Okay," he asserted, breathing as he stepped forward. Wim guided him through some relaxing breathing techniques before he leapt into the water. As he emerged, Owain climbed out of the water and began to cry again, this time tears of accomplishment. "It wasn't so bad, you did it!" Wim commented as he pulled him into a hug. "You did it, you got it, you got it!" he added as the others congratulated him. "I wanted Wim to show me that I can do cold water," Owain explained. "And I can do ice because I don't like the cold, you know, I find it really scary." He added: "We're on a journey together and this man's going to teach us how to do it." Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof continues Tuesday at 9pm on BBC One.