The inside of your oven should be cleaned at least every three months to keep it free from bacteria and working well. However, the time-consuming nature of the task means it is put off by many households. According to a group of mums, a simple dishwasher tablet could be the key to some "amazing" results. Researchers at ConservatoryBlind4Less trawled thousands of threads in Mumsnet’s Housekeeping hub to find out which cleaning tips, jobs and products mums are talking about the most. Among them, they discovered women were applauding the discovery that "a dishwasher tablet can do the trick of easily scrubbing off stubborn grease marks on oven doors, and works better than most oven-specific cleaning products." According to the Mumsnet poster, a wet dishwasher tablet can "clean all the grease off" your oven simply by rubbing it across the dirty surfaces of your appliance. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of spiders - ‘repels them’ She wrote: "I wet a dishwasher tablet and rub it on the glass door - it cleans all the grease off. Wipe off the residue with a damp cloth, then dry.” A second poster added: “Why didn’t I know about this cleaning trick with dishwasher tablets? “Cleaning the oven last night, discussing whether we should just put the glass door in the bag with the metal bits even though the instructions say not to. "[My] other half suggested I Googled to see what the internet said.” DON'T MISSInside Kate Middleton's childhood home that sold for £500,000 in 2011 [REVEALED]How to tackle stubborn laundry stains with baking soda [EXPLAINER]How to clean greasy ovens for ‘25p in less than 30 minutes’ [COMMENT] “Up came a Mumsnet post from 2016, suggesting you use a hard powder, unwrapped dishwasher tablet dipped in water. "We tried it and it was amazing. The stuff just came off. "Also takes the gunk off the kitchen cupboards and tiles next to the hob. "I’ve been wandering around the kitchen with a tab wondering what else it will clean." [SIC] But does the hack really work? According to Taste of Home, "many have had success" using the dishwasher hack to clean their oven. However, it is important to use pressed powder tablets and not gel pods. The experts explained: "Dishwasher tablets are made of concentrated dishwasher detergent and promise to cut through tough grease and leave your dishes sparkling. "It makes sense that those powerful cleaning agents work on oven grease and food stains as well. "Especially since the tablets promise to remove baked-on food; and stains in the oven are definitely baked-on. "Plus, the hard powder tablets have an abrasive surface that helps to scour away on those stuck-on stains but is gentle enough not to scratch the oven glass." To begin, dip your dishwasher tablet into a bowl of warm water. Make sure to hold it long enough to soak up a bit of the water, but ensure the pod tablet does not begin to crumble. Taste of Home states: "Simply use the tablet to scrub, no sponge needed." The best method is by laying the tablet flat in the palm of your hand and then moving in circular motions to scrub away the stains. When you have finished, wipe away any remaining residue with a clean, damp cloth.