Parliament’s privileges committee will soon begin its investigation into whether Boris Johnson deliberately misled parliament when he denied involvement or knowledge of any lockdown breaking Downing Street parties. Yesterday MPs approved a motion by Labour to launch an inquiry into Mr Johnson’s statements, which will be the third official look into the Prime Minister’s conduct surrounding the partygate scandal. Mr Johnson made several assurances to the House of Commons that he was either unaware of parties or that the rules had been followed to the letter throughout the UK’s numerous coronavirus lockdowns. The committee exists to investigate the conduct of MPs who are suspected to have committed a "contempt" and breached parliamentary privilege - which includes the deliberate misleading of the house. There are seven members on the committee, six of which will be investigating Mr Johnson. Labour MP Chris Bryant would have been the investigation lead and seventh member, but he recused himself due to making several public statements about Mr Johnson’s conduct over the course of the partygate scandal. READ MORE: Have Your Say: Should Boris be FURTHER punished for rules breach? A veteran Tory MP, Sir Bernard is the acting vice-chair in the absence of Mr Bryant and will lead the investigation. As the chairman of the Commons liaison committee, he is used to questioning the Prime Minister, who hs formerly been critical of in the past, for example when Mr Johnson made the Russian owner of the Evening Standard Evgeny Lebedev a peer. Sir Bernard has not publicly criticised Mr Johnson over the Downing Street parties, though did concede that the “impression this has given to the public is extremely unfortunate”. He also added that Boris Johnson “has done the only thing he could do to bring clarity to this, he has asked the Cabinet Secretary to conduct an investigation and has apologised. “But any punishment would depend on whether any law has been broken or if any rules or codes have been broken and how responsible they were judged to have been. We will just have to wait until the investigation has concluded.”  cember that “where there was a party is a hypothetical question”. But he added that the “impression this has given to the public is extremely unfortunate” Alberto Costa is the MP for South Leicestershire a parliamentary private secretary to Suella Braverman, the Attorney General. Mr Costa is not an official Government member, but due to being a ministerial aide he would be widely expected to only vote in favour of the Government. However, he has voted against the Government before - his campaign for the rights of EU citizens living in Britain after Brexit cost him his job as an aide under Theresa May. He, too, has not spoken out about partygate. In fact, he sparked confusion in the Commons when, midway through a particularly raucous session of PMQs in which the PM was taking a hammering over the scandal, he stood up to ask a question about washing machine filters. DON'T MISSBoris ally scrambles to back PM as he faces inquiry [INSIGHT]Boris Johnson LIVE: 'When, not if' Senior Tory MP predicts date [REPORT]Boris Johnson on brink as local election analysis shows ‘damage done' [ANALYSIS] Elected to represent Newbury in 2019, Laura Farris is a self-professed One Nation Tory and parliamentary aide to the Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. She has previously said that would have turned down any invitation to a "bring your own booze" party at Downing Street, adding: “I think the rules were clear and unequivocal at that point in time. I don’t think anybody thought you were meant to be having parties.” Being so closely tied to a top Government minister means Ms Farris would be expected to keep her loyalty to Number 10. But given her alliance with Ms Truss, who is a potential candidate to replace Mr Johnson, the outcome is difficult to predict. Andy Carter is one of the Tory party’s more recent additions, having been elected to represent Warrington South - a red wall seat won by the Tories in 2019. As part of the committee, he found disgraced former MP Owen Paterson guilty of breaking lobbying rules in 2021. During that vote, Tory MP’s were whipped into voting against his suspension but Mr Carter stood by his findings. He takes his position on the standards committee extremely seriously, with his spokesman saying he “would not make a statement [on partygate] as he sits on the board of the standards committee and that would be contrary to protocol”. A Labour MP since 2010, Ms Fovergue has held multiple shadow frontbencher roles under Ed Miliband and Jeremy Corbyn, including transport, education, defence and business. She has not made any public comments about partygate - likely foreseeing that such an investigation would eventually take place. Allan Dorans is the Scottish National Party MP for Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock, having won the seat from the conservatives in 2019. He has not publicly commented on partygate - despite the SNP’s stance that the Prime Minister needs to resign immediately.