Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola admitted he 'doesn't know' if his side will win the Premier League after 'missing an opportunity' in Sunday's 2-2 draw against Liverpool. The top-flight heavyweights played out an entertaining affair as City twice lost the lead at the Etihad. After full-time, Guardiola expressed doubts over the outcome of the title race. He told Sky Sports: "Seven games in the Premier League is a lot of games; we have tough games away. They have too, but I don't know what's going to happen again this season, whether we're going to win the Premier League or not." When asked whether a draw was a fair result, the Catalan coach explained he thought City missed the chance for a huge three points. "It is what it is," Guardiola said. "At Anfield, we played an incredible first half, and it was the same result. Yeah, it is what it is." He continued: "I have the feeling that we missed an opportunity to get three points, but as I told you just before the game, it didn't matter what happened, win, lose or draw, this is not over. I would say the same with a defeat or a victory." JUST IN: Liverpool draw with Man City: 5 things we learned from thriller Liverpool were fortunate to trail by just one goal at half-time after Man City dominated large periods of the first half. Kevin De Bruyne provided the perfect start with his fifth-minute opener, but Diogo Jota rounded off an excellent Reds move to draw level eight minutes later. Gabriel Jesus restored the hosts' lead on 36 minutes before Sadio Mane struck within the first 60 seconds after the break. Raheem Sterling thought he had fired City into a third lead just past the hour-mark, but VAR denied him through an agonisingly-close offside call. The entertaining draw maintained the Citizens' one-point lead at the Premier League summit with seven games to play. Guardiola's side have the more favourable run-in as they prepare to battle Liverpool in another memorable, closely-fought title race. Both juggernauts will lock horns all over again this Saturday at the home of football, Wembley Stadium, in the FA Cup semi-final. The much-desired prospect of an elusive treble remains firmly in Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp's sights, with just over a month of the campaign still to play. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.