Prince Harry is in the Netherlands today along with his wife Meghan Markle as he prepares to open the Invictus Games. However, one royal expert cast doubt on the future of the sporting tournament for injured servicemen and women. Royal correspondent and biographer Robert Jobson claimed that Harry's decision to leave the Royal Family in 2020 could eventually doom the Invictus Games. Speaking on MailPlus' Palace Confidential, Mr Jobson said that Harry’s position outside the Royal Family makes it harder to continue the Games. He said: "I am a big fan of the Invictus Games. He has done a great deal of good with it. "There is a real feel-good factor with it. I personally hope it can continue. "But you need an awful lot of money to do it and you need an awful lot of goodwill from governments and that’s what he’s got so far." JUST IN: Meghan and Harry’s 'personal' visit to Queen 'in the works' Mr Jobson continued: "Whether he can continue that without being a full-time member of the Royal Family, I don’t know. "It would be a shame for it to lose its momentum. It's one of his great success stories." He also remarked that the removal of Harry's military roles and titles showed "what mistake the couple made" in ditching the Royal Family. The royal biographer added: "It's just a shame. "It’s the one thing that I think he got absolutely right. "If he’d stayed a full-time royal it could have run on and run on and been brilliant. "As it is, I’m not sure how much longer it’s got." Earlier today, Harry and Meghan arrived at the Invictus Games reception, with the pair pictured in The Hague this afternoon. The Duchess is joining Harry for the first few days of the Games. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle steps out in white suit for Invictus Games Reception [PHOTOS]Western analysts unpick Russian video of captured Briton [ANALYSIS]Russian TV declares Ukrainians must be 'erased' in genocidal claim [VIDEO] This year's event is taking place from April 16 - 22 after being delayed by the Covid pandemic. Harry and Meghan made a surprise visit to Britain en route to the Netherlands. The Sussexes met the Queen and Prince Charles at Windsor Castle on Thursday in what has been viewed as an "olive branch". Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine, told The Sun: "It is a wonderful opportunity to clear the air and offer an olive branch. "After everything that has gone on it must have taken a lot for Harry and Meghan to go to Windsor. "Also Maundy Thursday is a very special day for the Queen as it is about forgiveness. "She is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms."