Manchester United will be ignoring Ralf Rangnick's input if they decide to appoint Mauricio Pochettino, or another candidate, instead of Erik ten Hag as their new manager this summer. Rangnick has recommended who the club should pursue amid a thorough search for the latest 'chosen one' to save them from their recent turmoil. Although the German is fulfilling the role of interim manager until the end of the season, he will enter a two-year advisory role at Old Trafford this summer. And he has played a role in United's managerial hunt, spearheaded by football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher. Such a process has required months of research, analysis and action, but United have now completed interviews with all candidates. And the club's search has seemingly been narrowed down to two leading candidates - Pochettino and Ten Hag. United will conduct a second and final round of interviews before deciding who they will firmly believe is the perfect individual to propel the club back to the summit of English and European football. And as it stands, Ten Hag is the clear favourite to take charge in M16 next season. JUST IN: Robert Lewandowski's agent fails to offer star to Man Utd Among the club figures who want to see the Dutchman appointed is Rangnick, who will be working closely with the new manager from the 2022/23 campaign onwards. According to Sportsmail, the 63-year-old has recommended Ten Hag as the right man for the job. The Ajax manager isn't only popular behind-the-scenes at Old Trafford, but the United fanbase's preference is in his favour by an incredible margin. Last week ex-Red Devils defender Gary Neville ran a poll on his Twitter account, drawing over 219,000 voters. READ MORE: Carney hails impact of non-league football as she revisits her roots A staggering 82 per cent wanted to see Ten Hag in the hot seat rather than Pochettino, equating to north of 179,500 different people wanting the 52-year-old at the club. But should the club opt for another option, it could risk unrest amongst an already-impatient fanbase, but potentially also with Rangnick. He will hope to have a valuable say in footballing decisions during his tenure in the boardroom, so dismissing his recommendation for one of the club's biggest-ever decisions would be a shaky start, to say the least. But Rangnick isn't alone in his preference, and Ten Hag is firmly in pole position. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.