Hope (played by Isabella Flanagan) has been taking a back seat from the drama on Coronation Street lately, with her mother Fiz Stape (Jennie McAlpine) moving away from the cobbles into a new home with her boyfriend, Phil Whittaker (Jamie Kenna). Despite all the upset and devastation she caused last year on the ITV soap, as well as pretending her cousin Joseph Brown (William Flanagan) had run away from home a few months ago, she has been keeping her head down. However, matters of the heart could see this all change as she could be developing feelings for her fellow youngster, Sam (Jude Riordan). The drama continues next week as Sam gets ready to play another game of chess with his new friend and possible love interest, Jalena (Kyrah Wallace). After getting excited to see her, the young schoolboy tells Hope and Roy Cropper (David Neilson) he does quite like his new opponent. Official soap spoilers have not revealed whether Hope gets jealous of this but if she does have a crush on her neighbour, she won't take the news well. When she found out her father, Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) was going to have a baby with Alina Pop (Ruxandra Porojnicu), she set fire to the flat they lived in as a twisted act of revenge. This, unfortunately, led to the expectant mother suffering a miscarriage and the youngster has been in counselling ever since, with the courts agreeing this would be better than sending her to a youth detention centre. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage Given this is the first boy she has ever shown an interest in, she could struggle to understand her feelings of jealousy. One thing is for sure, she will not want Jalena to get anywhere near Sam or let the pair develop a friendship of any kind. Instead of making a big scene about it or making the situation dangerous in any way, Hope could use the power of manipulation to destroy the romance. She could tell Jalena Sam is only showing her some attention as he wants someone his own age to play against and he doesn't really like her. Turning the tables, Hope could be quite nasty to Sam and tell him a girl like Jalena would never be interested in him. Hope would have successfully destroyed the romance if the pair decide they no longer want to play chess against one another. However, this would show just how manipulative Fiz's daughter can be and if someone else gets close to Sam, who knows what will happen. Whether Hope feels this way for the young boy or not, Roy will encourage him to talk to his father about his feelings for Jalena. Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) is over the moon when his son tells him all about his love interest and asks for his advice. Thinking this would never happen to him two years ago, Nick sits down with his son and talks through the intricacies of a relationship. DON'T MISS...Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [COMMENT]Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT]Corrie’s Beverley Callard begged Ricky Gervais for role in After Life [COMMENT] All this could be undone by Hope and speaking with Express.co.uk and other media last year, executive producer Iain MacLeod teased there was a lot more drama to come from the Stape household. The soap boss said: "I think it's going to be a cracking year for that household," so could Hope's feelings for Sam be a big talking point of the year? The actress who plays Fiz, Jennie, has previously spoken out about how her character feels about her daughter's rebellious behaviour. Jennie explained: "I feel that Fiz has been strung along by the stress caused by this little girl. She just wants the best for her daughter, she’d do anything for her and just wants a happy family unit. "It’s upsetting because I think she knows that a normal family isn’t going to be normal." "She’s torn because she loves Hope, but at the same time she’s disgusted by her actions," the soap star continued to tell. "And if she was anybody else’s daughter, she certainly wouldn’t be pulling any punches and would, in typical Fiz style, be very critical of them." Asked if she felt sorry for the mother and daughter, Jennie said: "Yes I do." "There’s no obvious reason why Hope is like this, especially when you look at Ruby who is living in the same house, although they’ve both had a difficult upbringing with one parent in the equation. "Ruby has had a tough time with no Mum around, and Hope has also had the same with no Dad around, so it must be frustrating for there to be no explanation behind Hope’s ways." On whether Fiz can cope with what trouble her daughter brings to her door, the actress added: "I have no idea what I’d say, I honestly don’t think I’m qualified. "Bless her, she’s trying her best, so I can’t even imagine how I could offer help. If professional help hasn’t worked, I’m not sure my opinion could fix this situation." Having realised how much of a danger her daughter can be, Fiz could start to pick up on the signs Hope is obsessed with Sam. However, not wanting her to get in trouble with the law, will Fiz decide to stay quiet about her suspicions and continue to watch her daughter from afar? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.