Millions of Christians will gather across the world to commemorate The Passion today — the Biblical story of Jesus Christ’s crucifixion. The Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John all conclude with detailed accounts of Jesus’ final days. Judas Iscariot betrayed Jesus for 30 pieces of silver, revealing his location to Roman soldiers who went to arrest him. Jesus then faced an initial trial with the Jewish judicial body of the Sanhedrin, before a second hearing at the court of Pontius Pilate, Roman governor of Judea. Though Jesus was found guilty of the blasphemous claim that he is the Son of God, Pilate did not consider the crimes worthy of capital punishment. However, he was influenced by the menacing crowds gathered at the court, and handed Jesus over to be crucified. Quite where Jesus was crucified remains a matter of intense debate, but Biblical accounts indicate it happened outside of the Jerusalem city walls, in an area accessible to passers-by and also observable from some distance away. READ MORE: 'True evidence' of Bible story helps priest solve Jesus death mystery Joe Kovacs discusses the crucifixion story in his recent book ‘Reaching God Speed: Unlocking the Secret Broadcast Revealing the Mystery of Everything’. Mr Kovacs begins by addressing the Gospels, all of which describe Jesus as being brought to the “Place of a Skull”. Eusebius of Caesarea, a fourth-century Greek historian, identified its location as just north of Mount Zion — outside the walls of the Old City. Scholars regularly take the “Place of the Skull” description at face value, suggesting Jesus was crucified at a place called Golgotha. Golgotha is derived from Goolgolet, the Hebrew word for skull. Likewise, Golgotha means “place of the skull” in Aramaic, believed to have been the language Jesus and his disciples used. The Church of the Holy Sepulchre was built at the site four centuries later, but this falls within today’s walls of Jerusalem, leading to further questions about the site’s authenticity. Mr Kovacs told Christian World earlier this year: “Scripture does have to agree with itself but it uses different words to describe where Jesus was crucified. DON'T MISS:Jesus’ 12 disciples: ‘Great mystery' of whether Judas existed unpacked [INSIGHT]Staggering claim Jesus was NOT crucified and lived until 106 [REVEALED]Judas Iscariot was misunderstood — Church of England figure [QUOTES] “Throughout the Gospel, the trial and crucifixion were described as being in Jerusalem. “Paul describes this as taking place right outside the city gates.” Further questions arise in the book of Revelations, which says: “And their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great city, which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our Lord was crucified.” However, Mr Kovacs said this problem can be resolved by reading this verse as a parable. He said: “This requires reading the Bible on a higher level, what I call ‘God speed.’” Having incorporated Hebrew into his Bible studies, Mr Kovacs explained Sodom and Egypt have literal meanings. Sodom means ‘burning’ or ‘flaming’, while Egypt translates as the ‘dark place of misery’. By incorporating Hebrew into analysing the Bible, Mr Kovacs explained he had extracted a deeper meaning from the verse that describes the crucifixion site as more than 250 miles away from Jerusalem. He explained: “What it's saying is that this world of flesh in which we dwell is a place of darkness, distress and misery where we're being refined in a flaming furnace, the metaphoric 'furnace of affliction,' as God famously calls it in Isaiah 48:10. “Hence, spiritually speaking, Jesus was killed in this place where we're all being purified under some serious heat, a place that is quite dark and miserable at times.” Biblical texts do not indicate why the Golgotha site was chosen for Jesus’ crucifixion, but a number of theories have been put forward. One is that Golgotha may have been strewn with the skulls of abandoned victims, having been used as an execution site for many years previously. Another is that the site’s name originated from the shape of the hill, which is believed to have had a skull-like appearance. Jesus is believed to have hung on the cross for around six hours, during which time he spoke to his mother Mary and the disciple John. He also cried out to his father: “My God, my God, why have You forsaken me?” ‘Reaching God Speed: Unlocking the Secret Broadcast Revealing the Mystery of Everything’ was written by Joe Kovacs and published by Fidelis Books in 2022. It is available here.