Footage posted to social media showed the SNP leader in a barbershop in East Kilbride, speaking with local residents without a face covering. Police Scotland said they got in touch with the First Minister after receiving a number of complaints.   Police Scotland added they reminded Ms Sturgeon of wearing a face covering when legal requirements were in place. But the force determined no further action was necessary, adding their response was "in line with our proportionate approach throughout the pandemic". Ms Sturgeon said she "immediately" put on her face covering when she realised she had forgotten to do so "within seconds" of entering the shop on Saturday.  The visit to the barbershop was part of SNP local election campaigning, during which Ms Sturgeon shaved a man's beard before posting videos to her own social media account. She called the activity "surreal" and one of the "scariest" things, but also among the best, she had done whilst canvassing for SNP votes. The footage of the First Minister without a mask then emerged on social media after the visit. A spokesperson for the SNP said: "The first minister was invited into the barbers during an outdoor visit on the street. READ MORE: Gary Neville hits back at ex-Tory MEP after claims he ‘hates' Britain "Within a few seconds, she realised she hadn't put her mask back on and immediately put it on." Ms Sturgeon said the police followed the correct protocol for ensuring mask-wearing in Scotland when the rules were still in place.  "While the law no longer requires face coverings to be worn, I will continue to do so in circumstances where this can help reduce the risk of infection, and I encourage everyone to do likewise." The legal requirement to wear a face covering in crowded indoor spaces and on public transport in Scotland ended on Monday. But the footage sparked backlash from Scottish MSPs, with the Scottish Conservatives slamming the absence of a mask as "blatant hypocrisy". Dr Sandesh Gulhane, the Scottish Tories' health spokesperson, said: "The video clearly shows Nicola Sturgeon isn't practicing what she preaches on facemasks.  