Counterterrorism agent Jack Bauer (played by Kiefer Sutherland) fights the world’s bad guys one day at a time in the eight-part serial drama 24. The popular Fox series originally ran for nine seasons between 2001 and 2010. Appealing to huge audiences, 24 won the Emmy for outstanding drama series in 2006. Despite its huge success, Kiefer claims he can longer watch himself back in the series and has spoken out on exactly why. While looking back at his old film and TV roles, the actor gushed over his best performance. He said: “If it’s the last series of 24, I can’t find the control fast enough. “But Stand By Me is like finding an old yearbook, so I’ll leave it on,” he told Radio Times. Addressing why he felt so badly about 24, he confessed: “It’s still too close – I don’t even have mirrors in my house. READ MORE:'Pensioners to lose £7800 a year' Eamonn Holmes rages at abandonment “I could give a fine performance in a film but by the time I’ve watched it and done all the self-loathing, I’ve ruined it for myself.” Kiefer has also featured in classic films such as Flatliners, The Lost Boys, A Time to Kill and A Few Good Men. However, nowadays the TV star will play Rusty Jennings in the new action thriller The Contractor. Directed by Tarik Saleh, the film begins when a special forces sergeant James Harper (Chris Pine), who is involuntarily discharged from the Army, lands a contract with a private underground military force. Facing financial ruin, he contacts his friend Mike (Ben Foster) who works with a private military company alongside under the command of a fellow veteran Rusty Jennings (Kiefer Sutherland). While speaking about what attracted him to The Contractor, the Lost Boys star explained: “There was something very moving about Chris’s character becoming disposable. “Millions of dollars were used to train him, then he was kicked to the curb.” He went on to say: “I think people feel like that all the time as they get older, so there’s a relatable quality." Moreover, co-star Chris, who has starred in Wonder Woman, Star Trek and All the Old Knives, also shared why he took on the part of the leading character. He said: “On the surface, this is an action thriller, which it certainly is and it has those elements which make it a fun ride, but really, at the heart of it is a character study, I think. “I think James Harper is a man who was structured and put together by fictions and by narratives, the ideas of democracy and freedom. “And when that’s stripped from him, what does that do to a human being?” the 41-year-old told Entertainment Studios. The feature, which also stars performers such as Ben Foster and Gillian Jacobs, premiered both in theatres and on-demand earlier this month. The film is produced by Basil Iwanyk and Erica Lee from Thunder Road Films with Esther Hornstein co-producing. The Contractor was filmed in various spots around the world including Georgia, California, Germany, Bulgaria, and Romania. It also ventured to Atlanta, Los Angeles, Berlin, Bucharest, Constanta, Snagov, and Ruse. However, some portions of the film were further filmed in Denmark.