Piers Morgan has divulged on his short-lived friendship with the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, as he gears up to launch his TalkTV show, Piers Morgan Uncensored. Piers reminisced about how he and Meghan became associated back in 2015 when he was a fan of her show, Suits. The journalist explained that while he was “bored at home” he followed several of the actors on Twitter, including Meghan, and she sent him a message “five minutes later” saying: “Oh my God, thanks for the follow. I’m such a big fan!” Meghan said that she had watched Piers on CNN and liked him, which Piers joked is “quite ironic given the way things have played out”. Following their initial exchange, Piers, Meghan and her co-star Rick Hoffman, who played Louis Litt, began sending messages to each other. “The three of us messaged away, sending me early preview episodes, emailing. He came on Good Morning Britain, we sent the pictures to Meghan. All very light-hearted," he continued. READ MORE:Piers Morgan brands GMB exit a 'farce', calling Meghan 'shameful' “Then, she was coming to England in 2016 and she said, ‘Could we meet up?’ That came from her." Piers claimed he invited Meghan to his local pub, The Scarsdale, and they had a couple of hours together where they had "a great laugh". He added that, at the time, he thought she "was really nice" and "great fun". The former Good Morning Britain host revealed that Meghan even discussed her dating life, explaining that she "received a lot of texts" from "persistent guys". When their evening came to an end, Piers said he put Meghan in a taxi and she went to a dinner in Mayfair. Following that, he "never heard from her again" and discovered that was the night she met Prince Harry. Piers maintained that he was relatively blasé about his brief friendship with Meghan coming to an end, but found it really strange when her co-star, Rick, vanished too because he had been "more in touch" than Meghan had. He said that Rick got in touch after he went to Meghan and Harry's wedding saying: "Dear Piers, I hope you understand, it’s all been so difficult." To which Piers brutally responded: "What the f***’s it got to do with you, you great halfwit?" DON'T MISSSimon Cowell, 62, unrecognisable at Kids Choice Awards[LATEST]George Alagiah leaves fans tearful at BBC return amid cancer battle[INSIGHT]John Wayne’s seven children and their co-starring roles uncovered[NEWS] Piers concluded to The Times that, in his opinion, Meghan is "really ruthless", "highly manipulative" and "very determined to springboard herself up the social ladder". Piers’ bitterness towards the Duchess has been well-documented and he frequently called her out on Good Morning Britain, which ultimately led to his dramatic exit last year. As he awaits the launch of his new TalkTV show on April 25, Piers has made it clear that his opinions have not changed and states that he “still doesn’t believe a word Meghan says”. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, he fumed: “I think almost everything that comes out of her mouth is complete b******t." He also voiced his anger about why he was condemned for voicing his opinions while his co-host Susanna Reid was not. The presenter added: “Whether you agree with me or not, doesn't matter. "Susanna Reid, on that same show where I got into all the trouble, she was saying the complete opposite. "Well, why is she entitled to believe her, given how many lies were coming out of Meghan Markle's mouth?" Piers Morgan Uncensored airs on TalkTV on Monday 25th April at 8pm.