Amid the mounting pressure on the UK's older people, Chancellor Rishi Sunak has been accused of "gamesmanship", with campaigner Jan Shortt saying that the Government is "playing with people's lives." Ms Shortt, of the National Pensioners Convention, said that pensioners across the UK "feel very much let down" by the Government. She criticised the Government's pledge to restore the pensions triple lock next year - after being suspended for the year 2022-2023 - saying that "the help is needed right now." According to analysis by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, around 600,000 people will be pulled into poverty as a result of the Chancellor's failure to increase benefits in line with inflation. Their report also said the 1.25 percent increase in National Insurance contributions would exacerbate the situation. It found that households in poverty, including pensioners, will be £445 worse off each year as a result of the changes. A report from Age UK shows that there are already 2.1m pensioners living in poverty, equivalent to 18 percent of the UK's pensioners. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Ms Shortt said: "The government often tells us that they are protecting pensioners, they are committed to protecting pensioners. "But if they're committed to protecting pensioners how come there are already 2.1m pensioners living in poverty? "There will be another 600,000 going into poverty. "If they are looking after pensioners, how come over 75s have to pay for their TV license if they're not on pension credit? READ MORE: State pension frustration as sum will not increase to £380 per week "It's not a nice place to be if you're old in the Great British kingdom. "So we do feel very much let down." The triple lock ensures that the state pension continues to rise each year. But questioning the Government's plan to restore it in the year 2023-2024, Mr Shortt said: "What will inflation be next year and in the run up to an election are they going to do it again? Are they going to try and get rid of it?" She added: "The help is needed right now. Not next month, not next year. DON'T MISS: UK weather: Temperatures PLUMMET by 20C as Met Office predicts -3C [REPORT] 'We fought wars for you!' Boris slammed for 'insulting' pension policy [REACTION] ‘Baffled!’ Martin Lewis explains differences in two key pension types [INSIGHT] "It's needed right now to keep their heads above water. "It's tongue in cheek saying 'we'll be good to you next year'. "That is not the point. People are desperate now. "We are still the fifth richest country in the world, despite covid. So there is no reason for it. "It's gamesmanship and you're playing with peoples' lives. "People are struggling now. Pensioners have been struggling for a long time."