Comedy writer Ivor Baddiel tweeted his surprise at being charged for supplying his own cake to a restaurant. He noted that the restaurant he was visiting wanted to charge a “cakeage” fee of £10 per head, and it sparked a massive debate among users. Mr Baddiel wrote on Sunday: “I asked the restaurant I’m going to for a birthday lunch today if we could bring a cake to be brought out at the end of the meal. “They said yes, but they’d charge us cakeage (yes, cakeage) at £10 a head. What is this world we live in?” In response, many restaurateurs agreed with the extra charge. Some also pointed out that the fee is necessary if it meant the party did not order dessert at the eatery. Paul Foster, the owner of the Michelin-starred Salt in Stratford-upon-Avon, wrote that he was a “big fan” of cakeage. His restaurant now serves a tasting menu, but previously he would charge cakeage, a feat he describes as “a sensible business decision”. He added: “It’s divisive because a lot of people don’t understand the business model of a restaurant. “We get the same issues with cancellations. Restaurants are working on tight margins. You wouldn’t walk into a pub with a can of lager and expect to drink it.” Others working in the food industry also chimed in with their response, including columnist and restaurant critic Grace Dent READ MORE: Police warn parents over scary 'Huggy Wuggy' TikTok craze She called the practice “growingly common” but in a follow-up tweet added: “10 per head is steeeeeeeep though.” Another, whose screen name is ‘MrsD’, and works in marketing for a hotel group described the cakeage fee as “bad form”. She wrote: “Sorry, but this is bad form. I work in marketing for a hotel group and we WANT to encourage groups of diners for celebrations. Let them bring their cake. “Upsell on coffees and liqueurs, and even if they don’t have those they’ll leave HAPPY. That’s what hospitality is about." DON'T MISS'Didn't stick to its remit!' Founding journalist slams woke Channel 4 [INSIGHT] Airline chiefs point finger at Boris over travel chaos [REVEAL] What Covid rules remain for the UK? [REPORT] Others also described their own experiences taking cakes to local restaurants for a celebration without being charged the fee. Some pointed out that they would happily pay a corkage fee, as it's an accepted practice, but would not foot the extra cost to be served their cake at an eatery. The controversial topic was also on the agenda during an episode of the ‘Off Menu’ podcast a fortnight ago. Comedians Ed Gamble and James Acaster were joined by chef Asma Khan, who owns Darjeeling Express in Covent Garden, as she shared her gripes about birthday cakes. She said that customers were having their cake and eating it, but more importantly, they were not eating hers. She notes that at her restaurant they aim to discourage customers to bring their own on financial and health grounds. She said: “It’s awkward to say no to people. “You don’t want to come across as mean when people have chosen to come to your restaurant, but then they whip out a £2 cake that 18 people are going to have slices of. It hits the bottom line because nobody has dessert. And we have to wash up all the plates and cutlery.” She also adds there are health implications to birthday cakes, namely due to the Covid-risk of blowing out candles and close-quarters singing.