Manchester United are looking increasingly likely to pick Erik ten Hag as their next manager over the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Loptegui and Luis Enrique. The Red Devils are big admirers of the Ajax boss and may give him up to six signings providing he takes over. So Express Sport will now take a look at how their 25-man squad could look next term with the Dutchman at the helm. Manchester United won’t be getting rid of David De Gea any time soon, with the Spain international back to his best after a few years of inconsistency. One player who may depart, however, is Dean Henderson. The England international wanted to leave in January and was frustrated when Ralf Rangnick prevented him from joining Newcastle, who were the most-interested party. If Henderson goes, it’s been reported United could swoop for West Brom goalkeeper Sam Johnstone - who was a product of the club’s academy. With Tom Heaton and Lee Grant’s careers coming to an end, it’s also possible Matej Kovar will be involved in the squad with the young shot-stopper doing well at Burton Albion. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United may sign a new centre-back at the end of the campaign, particularly with Harry Maguire struggling and Eric Bailly likely to leave. And it’s been suggested that, should Ten Hag take over, he’ll try and raid Ajax for Jurrien Timber. Other than that, United’s defence is likely to be pretty much the same as it is now. That means Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Diogo Dalot, Luke Shaw and Alex Telles as full-back options. And Maguire, Timber, Raphael Varane and Victor Lindelof would then try and nail down a place at centre-back within Ten Hag’s team. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players United could lose Paul Pogba on a free transfer this summer, with the France international’s time with the club starting to tick down. And it’s also possible Nemanja Matic will be shown the door due to the fact the Serbia international is approaching the twilight years of his career. James Garner may come in to replace Matic, with the youngster shining for Nottingham Forest in loan in the Championship. Yet United could make moves for Declan Rice and Boubacar Kamara, with both players admired behind the scenes. Donny van de Beek would potentially get more action under Ten Hag than he did under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick, meaning he’d fight it out with Fred, Scott McTominay, Hannibal Mejbri and Bruno Fernandes - as well as Rice, Garner and Kamara - for a starting berth. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United are likely to lose Anthony Martial and Edinson Cavani. And Harry Kane and Antony may therefore be pursued, with the duo both admired by Red Devils chiefs. Ten Hag could prevent Marcus Rashford from leaving, however, with the England international still having plenty to offer when on form. Given the Dutchman’s record with young players, it’s also easy to see Anthony Elanga getting even more chances - particularly given how he’s impressed Ralf Rangnick. Jadon Sancho and Cristiano Ronaldo should then make up the rest of their attackers, with the latter looking set to stay regardless of whether or not his team qualify for the Champions League. Ten Hag was coy on United links when quizzed on the matter in midweek, though did admit they were a ‘great club’. “Everyone knows each other in the industry,” he said. “There are always talks with representatives from other clubs, that's normal. Manchester United is a great club with great fans. “But I can only repeat myself: My full focus is completely on Ajax! We are already planning for the new season.” He then added: “My focus is currently only on Ajax. But in football you never know. “I don't want to rule anything out. If at some point I should decide to take the next step, I hope that people here will understand.”