The Government announced the plans to lift the qualifying age for free prescriptions in England from 60 to age 66, to bring them into line with the State Pension age. This will mean that those over 60 face waiting longer for the benefit that saves them hundreds each year. Currently state pension age is 66 meaning millions of older Britons will have to wait years more before receiving this benefit, however those already getting the benefit may be protected under one option. Prescription charges in England were frozen for another month at £9.35 per item. However, many people claim multiple prescriptions hike up their outgoings every time they visit the pharmacist. Households are dealing with an increase in energy bills and inflation which is hurting their ability to pay expenses, including prescription charges. READ MORE: Martin Lewis recommends overpaying mortgage based on interest rate but 'there's a caveat' The certificate comes in the form of a credit card-sized card and is valid for five years. The NHS explains the certificates are issued if a person has: The move to scrap free prescriptions for over-60s has come under fire from many organisations. Prescription Charges Coalition chair Laura Cockram has warned of “the dire impact of the proposals on those living with health conditions”. Age UK has called plans to end free NHS prescriptions for the over-60s in England a "bitter pill to swallow for millions”. Britons are urged to check whether they could qualify for free prescriptions as many people could be eligible. Who qualifies for free prescriptions? Those in receipt of a valid NHS certificate for full help with health costs (HC2). While people under state pension age usually have to pay for their NHS prescriptions, anyone can buy a PPC from the NHS website. People in England could save £40 a year on average on their NHS prescriptions costs, while many could save hundreds. NHS prescription charges could soon apply to over 60s in England if a Government proposal to make them pay for medication is given the go ahead.If the plans get the green light it will mean tens of thousands of older people will have to fork out for these extra costs. A Department for Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Around 90 percent of community prescriptions in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link between this and the state pension age.” People can use the NHS free prescription eligibility checker tool to check if they are entitled to free prescriptions.