Liverpool star Trent Alexander-Arnold has offered a staunch defence of Reds team-mate Mohamed Salah amid the forward’s most barren run in his five years at Anfield. Salah has not scored from open play in 12 appearances for Liverpool or Egypt but Alexander-Arnold has listed three reasons why doubters will not be waiting long to be proved wrong. Kop favourite Salah has endured two recent disappointments with Egypt. They lost the Africa Cup of Nations final 1-0 against Sadio Mane’s Senegal, before missing out on a place at the World Cup. Those lows, married with a contract impasse that has taken several turns, appear to be affecting the 29-year-old. Salah’s deal runs until 2023 but he is yet to extend, with the likes of Real Madrid and Barcelona waiting to pounce. Salah remains the Premier League’s top scorer with 20 goals and right-back Alexander-Arnold has pointed to his strikes as a reason to stop doubting the former Roma ace. The England international has told critics to remember that Salah is slightly behind him in the race for most assists, and could yet finish as the Champions League’s top scorer. JUST IN: West Ham star Vlasic in tears after Westwood suffers horror injury    “I think really it’s unfair at the moment, what people are saying. The levels he gets himself too, he’s kind of a victim of his own success,” Alexander-Arnold said. “He’s still top goalscorer in the Premier League…he’s only one behind me in terms of assists! And people are saying he’s having a bad run of form?! He’s nearly top goalscorer in the Champions League as well. “What he has done for us over the last five seasons has been outstanding. Look, it’s unfair for people to say he is going through a bad patch.” DON'T MISS...Ronaldo reacts to latest Man Utd hat-trick with self-assured messageWest Ham star Vlasic in tears after Westwood suffers horror injuryHazard's brother speaks out on future amid Chelsea and Arsenal links Liverpool are in the FA Cup final thanks to a 3-2 victory over Manchester City in Saturday’s thrilling semi-final. Salah had a couple of chances to score but could not beat goalkeeper Zack Steffen, with Ibrahima Konate and Sadio Mane scoring instead. Jurgen Klopp’s side are also battling with City for the Premier League title. The 2-2 draw eight days ago leaves Liverpool a point behind their rivals, while they remain in the Champions League. And Alexander-Arnold believes Salah can still have a big say as Liverpool chase a quadruple of honours. The 23-year-old added: “We all have belief that he is going to score goals for us. It’s only a matter of time before he puts it in the back of the net again. That’s it.”   