Kate, 40, wore a stunning white Alexander McQueen coat dress for the occasion which was embellished with a diamond brooch featuring the same design as her younger sister's wedding day tiara. The Duchess paired the ensemble with Princess Diana's Collingwood earrings and a matching headband by milliner Jane Taylor. The diamond brooch, which was pinned on her dress collar alongside a poppy, is believed to have been crafted by Chelsea-based jeweller Robinson Pelham. The sisters' parents, Carole and Michael Middleton commissioned a pair of earrings made by the designer for Pippa ahead of Kate's wedding to Prince William. She wore the jewels during her role as chief bridesmaid for her older sister's wedding, and again on her own wedding day.  Kate's brooch on Anzac Day appeared to match the design on the tiara Pippa wore on her wedding day to James Matthews in 2017. The Middletons are believed to be a very close family, with Kate's parents, sister Pippa and brother James all previously attending royal events such as the Royal Variety Performance at the Royal Albert Hall and Kate's carol service in Windsor. Growing up, the close-knit family reportedly had dinners together every weeknight and Kate and Pippa developed an unbreakable bond which has remained despite Kate descending the ranks into royalty. In 2014, Pippa, who is just two years younger than Kate, spoke to Today and spoke of her closeness with her sister. READ MORE: Queen could have a SHRINE at Buckingham Palace She said: “We’re very close and, you know, we support each other and get each other’s opinions and things.” The Duchess made a surprise appearance at the Anzac Day service on Monday. Anzac Day is a national day of remembrance commemorating all New Zealanders and Australians killed in war. It falls on April 25 every year, which marks the anniversary of the start of the Gallipoli landings during the First World War. DON'T MISS: Camilla takes to the stage in new role swiped from Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew humiliated after being stripped of major British honour [COMMENT]Prince Harry 'refuses to bend' on Camilla title [ANALYSIS] Kate was joined by her husband Prince William at the Westminster Abbey service. The couple gathered with hundreds of guests from Australis and New Zealand communities in the UK. Attending on behalf of the Queen, Prince William, wearing two military medals on his jacket, laid a wreath at the Cenotaph on Whitehall. His handwritten message attached to the wreath read: “In memory of those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. William.” 