Dr Anita Raja suggested in order to ease the burden on GPS, patients should think carefully about whether or not they need to speak to a doctor. However, Good Morning Britain host Susanna Reid was infuriated with her suggestion as she stated someone with a cough could actually have lung cancer and it’s up to GPs to diagnose the patients. ecalling a recent day at work, Dr Anita stated: “Of 30 patients, six patients have called in because they wanted paracetamols, thrush treatment, cold remedies, you know, some ear drops, these are things you can actually purchase over the counter.” But Susanna took issue with Dr Anita wanting patients to go to a local pharmacy. “If you’re ill, you’re not supposed to be diagnosing yourself,” she remarked. “If someone’s got a cough for instance that’s been going on for instance, that person doesn’t know if they’ve just got a cough or whether for instance, they have developed lung cancer and actually this is something that needs to be seen and intervened straight away. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy “That’s your job to diagnose it, isn’t it? To put that burden on the patient and say ‘They are wasting my time with minor things that could be dealt with paracetamol of cold remedies,’ that’s a little bit tough. “People are going to feel like, ‘Oh my goodness, maybe this pain in my chest is just something I should be dealing with.’” It came after Dr Anita explained why some patients may feel it is impossible to get a GP appointment. She commented: “Of course it’s upsetting not just for the patients but for the general practitioners as well. “Unfortunately it feels like the public feels like GPs are refusing to see them whereas that’s not the case. “Yes, we say it is funding but the wider questioning here is you do require funding but if you look at NHS England and you compare the amount NHS England sees versus the amount of patients general practitioners see, general practices see twice as many patients, one million patients per day. “Yes these could be video consults, they could be telephone consultations but there’s only so much general practices can sustain. “I think we are exceeding our tensile strength now. DON'T MISS... TalkTV viewers slam 'car crash' interview with Boris Johnson [REACTION]Trump slams Morgan for 'overreacting' in Meghan Markle GMB walkout [WATCH]Jeremy Kyle slams 'lazy' millennials during heated debate  [VIDEO] “Over the years the funding has shrunk. Now from 11 percent back in 2005 it’s gone down to eight percent. “With six percent of the NHS budget, the healthcare budget to source for staff, doctors, premises, all sorts of things, you’ve got to understand there’s only so much GP practices can do. “At the moment, I think it’s vital we look at different aspects of sustaining the service. “Yes, you’ve raised the question of scrapping general practice, I certainly disagree with this because people who suffer with chronic diseases, people who are vulnerable children will lose out. “There’s going to be no priority of care. “I understand you may not be able to see the same patient but we have got a robust system in place where we look at clinical notes and of course there is continuity of care in terms of another GP picking up the work from a previous GP. “It’s time for us to work together as a team and find a solution rather than considering scrapping the system altogether because that’s not going to work. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.