Off the back of last year’s decision by Barbados to ditch the monarchy – bringing the number of countries which share the Queen to just 15 – neighbouring Jamaica signalled on a recent visit by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge that it too would likely follow suit. Now, a new crisis is emerging in the South Pacific as the Solomon Islands has signed a security pact with China. According to a draft document leaked last month, the deal could mean China sending police, paramilitary forces and soldiers to the Solomons, with naval ships docking at its ports. This isn’t just another case of Western governments asleep at the wheel. The Solomon Islands is a Commonwealth Realm with Elizabeth II as head of state. The fact that most Brits probably don’t even know this speaks volumes. Quite rightly, neighbouring Australia and New Zealand (both also Commonwealth Realms) are panicking, with the Australian Labor Party calling the deal “the worst failure of Australian foreign policy in the Pacific since the end of World War II”. The Chinese deal is also a fundamental challenge to the South Pacific Forum for security which includes Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands and Tuvalu (again, all Commonwealth Realms). While Australia and New Zealand have the most to lose from the China deal – and the US is also threatened by Chinese expansion in the Pacific – the UK’s silence makes a mockery of its apparent desire to reach east of Suez once again. So much for Global Britain one might say if the UK cannot even raise a murmur when the Commonwealth Realm alliance comes under threat. There have by the way been suggestions that Chinese influence was also behind the decision by Barbados to ditch Elizabeth II as head of state last year. What message does this all send to Australia, Canada and New Zealand, Britain’s sibling countries in the Commonwealth, about the UK’s commitment to the Commonwealth and its shared values? Combined, the four “CANZUK” states would represent the world’s largest polity and third largest economy. Here really is an opportunity for Global Britain’s star to rise. But much like the inability to harness the UK’s superstar higher education sector (only US universities like Harvard and MIT are currently in the same league as Oxford and Cambridge), the UK yet again fails to play to its strengths. Not only has the UK stepped aside as Beijing swooped in, but it has been absent in the Commonwealth Pacific (and Caribbean) for years. Why was London not part of a security alliance in the region, and only now has signed a security deal with Australia and the US?   To be fair to China they are merely looking after their own interests. If that means expanding at the expense of others then so be it. It is the timidity and short-sightedness of Western countries which has emboldened others. Frankly, the West has itself to blame. For many Brexiteers, quitting the EU was not meant to herald a new era of isolation. Nor is Singapore-on-Thames a realistic model for a historic great power and nuclear weapons state. Instead, Brexit should have marked the beginning of a new era beyond the Continent and out to the world. What does it say when the UK cannot even muster the energy to stand up for the Commonwealth? If the UK wanted to be just another European country living out its twilight years, what was the point of Brexit in the first place? The Commonwealth needs a shot in the arm, not another domino to fall. 