Vladimir Putin launched a “special military operation” in Ukraine on February 24 to eliminate what he called a “serious threat” by demilitarising Russia’s southern-border neighbour. Initially, Russia’s plan mainly focused efforts on seizing Kyiv, as a means to overthrow Ukraine’s president Volodymyr Zelensky and install a puppet government to control Ukraine. However, focus has now moved further east as the primary goal is taking longer to come to fruition. Putin’s original plan was said to involve four primary efforts; to focus troops on seizing Kyiv, with supporting efforts to attack Kharkiv, Mariupol, and Kherson. However, Russia is yet to succeed with its ambitions in Kyiv, as Russian officials instead announced its retreat from the city’s capital earlier in the month. This was, according to officials, to aid their renewed focus on the “complete liberation” of Donbas, which refers to Ukraine’s eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, where Russian-backed separatists have claimed the territory. Russian foreign minister Sergey V. Lavrov announced “Another phase of this operation is starting now,” as missile and artillery forces struck hundreds of Ukrainian military targets on Monday night.  READ MORE: Nuclear survival advice issued as Putin threatens Ukraine  Putin’s forces in Ukraine’s southern and eastern regions have a renewed plan of attack, and according to a European official, it involves: Amongst Russia’s main efforts to capture the Donbas region, Russian forces are looking to build a land bridge from Donbas to Crimea, the Russian-annexed region based on the peninsula in Southern Ukraine. The bridge will go through the southeastern city Mariupol, of which Russian forces hope to completely take over to create a southern corridor to the peninsula and deprive Ukraine of much of its coastline - and a major source of revenue. Russia is said to be aiming for the complete takeover of Mariupol to sell as “a big win for Putin’s victory campaign”.  The European official said: “We do expect the complete destruction of the city and many civilian casualties.” He continued: “My fear is that it is going to be worse than Bucha,” which is the Kyiv suburb where Russian troops allegedly committed war crimes by killing civilians on their way out, throwing dead bodies in mass graves. By gaining control of Kherson, Russia will be able to secure the freshwater canals to Crimea, and by seizing the additional, surrounding territory it’ll provide Russia with more power to use them as bargaining chips in future negotiations. It’s been reported that Russia has deployed between 10,000 and 20,000 foreign fighters from Syria and Libya into the Donbas region, in addition to Wagner Group mercenaries, to fight as infantry, according to the official. Russia’s new commander for Ukraine, General Alexander Dvorkinkov appears to be aware he must improve his military’s handling of logistics and communications - an area Russia fell short in during the first phase of war.  DON'T MISS:Putin vows new 'Satan' missile will provide 'food for thought' [BREAKING]Why India will NEVER turn on Russia – ‘If you call, we will answer' [EXPLAINED]Kremlin admits metal industry facing major issues [INSIGHT]    However, the official said a newfound focus on that issue doesn’t negate the fact that Russia is heavily dependent on railroads for resupply and other needs. They said: “The train network has been targeted many times by the resistance,” and they expect such operations to continue, which could complicate Mr Dvornikov’s goal of establishing reliable logistics lines. Ukraine is expected to deploy similar tactics to the first phase of war. This includes efforts to prevent Putin’s territorial gains through resistance by pairing “mobile, agile forces” with anti-ship and anti-aircraft missiles. The plan of attack is currently underway, with the Ministry of Defence providing the following intelligence update on Twitter: “Russia's military presence on Ukraine's eastern border continues to build while fighting in the Donbas is intensifying as Russian forces seek to break through Ukrainian Defences. “Russian air activity in northern Ukraine is likely to remain low since its withdrawal from north of Kyiv. However, there is still a risk of precision strikes against priority targets throughout Ukraine.  “Russian attacks on cities across Ukraine show their intent to try and disrupt the movement of Ukrainian reinforcements and weaponry to the east of the country.” President Volodymyr Zelensky said on Monday: “No matter how many Russian soldiers are brought here, we will fight. We will defend ourselves.” The official has said he expects a stalemate in four to six months as Russian troops control the Luhansk region, a part of the Donbas, and a small land bridge. He predicted it would lead Putin to conclude he’s protected the regional Russian population in the summer, and by the fall, both Russia and Ukraine might agree to comprehensive negotiations in hopes of finding a diplomatic solution by winter. 