Weeds generally come in three varieties: annual, biennial and perennial. Annual weeds germinate and spread by seed with an average lifespan of one year, which includes both winter and summer varieties. Biennial weeds complete their life cycle in two years, germinating and forming rosettes in the first year and producing flowers and seeds in the second. Perennial varieties of weeds return every year in the garden and normally produce long, tap roots in addition to seeds. Luckily, gardening experts at House Grail have shared how to make natural weed killer using vinegar. They explained that for this hack to work, gardeners need to use “gardening-grade” vinegar to kill thes plants. The experts said: “Gardening-grade vinegar can be used to create an affordable and natural weed killer that you can make in seconds. “In fact, some studies have even shown that vinegar is just as effective at combatting weeds as over the counter herbicides, which are packed with harmful chemicals.” READ MORE: Lawn weeds: Mowing is ‘especially effective’ for removing dandelions The gardening pros shared what level of acidity the vinegar needs to be in order for it to “effectively” kill weeds. They said: “The vinegar that you put on your salad, even though it may be too sour for some people, is actually not full-strength vinegar. “The type of vinegar you eat tends to only have five percent acetic acid. “For a vinegar to effectively kill weeds, it needs to have a 20 percent acidic level. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove limescale deposits from your taps [TIPS]Pests: Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘effective’ ways to banish garden slugs [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to unblock drains using hair removal cream [COMMENT] “Obviously, this sort of vinegar is way too potent to consume or ingest in any way, not that anyone would want to in the first place.” Though vinegar with this acidity will kill weeds, it is still considered a low toxic option in comparison to other commercial weed killers. The experts explained why vinegar works so well as a natural herbicide. They said: “How vinegar works as an herbicide is that it has a drying effect. “Acetic acid, which we have already discussed as being what makes vinegar acidic, is considered a desiccant. “That is just a fancy word for a chemical that pulls moisture. As the acid pulls the moisture from the plants, they slowly die.” The gardening gurus warned that the vinegar will kill more than just weeds if gardeners are not careful. When applying vinegar as a weed killer, it must applied so that it is mostly targeted to the weeds and not any desired plants. In addition to being careful to avoid spraying desired plants with vinegar, gardeners also need to make sure that they avoid spraying anything that can be stained or corroded. This includes fences, furniture, and masonry. Given that vinegar is corrosive, it can damage these things. Unlike other herbicides, vinegar only contacts the leaves. It does not penetrate all the way down to the root. As a result, it takes longer for vinegar to kill weeds, and gardeners will likely need to reapply the vinegar several times. Since vinegar takes more time to kill the weeds, it works best on small and newly germinated weeds.