Prince Harry's relationship with his father and older brother has been frosty since before he announced his decision to relocate to North America with his wife Meghan Markle. The Duke of Sussex briefly met with Prince Charles during a quick visit to the UK last week but the reunion was branded brief. And as he was asked whether he missed his father and Prince William, Prince Harry notably failed to answer directly.  NBC TODAY host Hoda Kotb asked: "Do you miss your brother or your dad?" The Duke replied: "For me, at the moment, I'm here focussed on these guys and their families and giving everything that I can, 120 percent to them, to ensure they have the experience of a lifetime. "That's my focus here, and then when I leave here, I get back and my focus is my family, who I miss massively." The failure to answer was not missed by royal watchers, who immediately pointed out the Duke had not exactly addressed the presenter's question. Royal correspondent Chris Ship commented on Twitter: "Asked in his @TODAYshow interview if he missed his brother and his dad, Harry completely swerves the question." Prince Harry had previously admitted his relationship with Prince Charles had become fraught after deciding to step down in March 2020. During his interview with Oprah Winfrey last year, the Duke of Sussex claimed he had been cut off after his stepping down and Prince Charles had stopped taking his calls. In the interview, the Duke said before the announcement of his departure was released he had three conversations with the Queen and two with his father "before he stopped taking my calls." 'Interesting what he DIDN'T say' Prince Harry's family snub raises eyebrows with US TV hosts Pressed on why Prince Charles stopped answering, Prince Harry said: "Because at that point, I took matters into my own hands. "I needed to do this for my family. This is not a surprise to anybody; it's really sad that it got to this point, but I've got to do something for my mental health, for my wife's, and for Archie's as well." However, Harry was reunited with the Prince of Wales last week when he briefly visited the Queen with Meghan Markle. But Angela Levin, the Duke's biographer, noted the Duke and Duchess of Sussex arrived "15 minutes late" and kept the Prince of Wales waiting. Ms Levin said: "Well, they arrived late for their meeting with Prince Charles so they had a brief ten minutes together. "The Duchess of Cornwall was there so that there was no disagreement about who said what. "Charles and her had to go off to the Maundy celebrations and so they weren't there for very long."