Following Tesla CEO Elon Musk’s £34 billion purchase of the social media giant, Mr Farage said that he is “certain that Trump will be back on Twitter”, despite the former President pledging to continue using his own site Truth Social. Mr Trump was banned on January 8, 2021, two days after some of his supporters stormed Capitol Hill, on the grounds that there was a risk of “further incitement of violence”. Mr Farage told Dan Wootton on GB News: “I genuinely think this a moment to think that the pendulum that has gone so far in the liberal, or, sorry, should I say illiberal direction, this could be the moment that it swings back. It’s a very exciting day. “Trump won the [2016 US Presidential] election through Twitter. Brexit was won through social media. “And then the giants on the West coast [of the US] realised: ‘Oh my god, we’ve created this monster, this monster that allows people to go around the back of mainstream media. We can’t be doing with it’. “I’m certain that Trump will be back on Twitter, connecting directly with tens of millions of people from 5.30am East Coast Time every day to the joy of many, to the horror of others.” He added: “I wish [Trump] well, of course I do, with his Truth Social platform, but the fact is for anyone to challenge the prominence and dominance of Twitter, of Facebook, of these giants, it takes billions and many years. “I think Trump will be back and our lives will be more interesting as a result of it.” Mr Trump said earlier this week that he supported Mr Musk’s purchase of Twitter but he added that he would not be switching back to the platform. He said: “I am not going on Twitter, I am going to stay on TRUTH. “I hope Elon buys Twitter because he’ll make improvements to it and he is a good man, but I am going to be staying on TRUTH.” READ MORE: ‘Left losing mind' Fears Musk Twitter may open door to political foes [REVEAL] The former President has not posted on his new site since the launch around two months ago, but he pledged to start posting regularly within a week. He claimed that the app, which suffered glitching issues upon first release and is still unavailable to androids, was “taking in millions of people”. He said: “We’re taking in millions of people, and what we’re finding is that the response on TRUTH is much better than being on Twitter. “Twitter has bots and fake accounts, and we are doing everything we can.” DON'T MISS: 'Toxic place full of nasty people' Eamonn Holmes slams Twitter [REVEAL]How to delete your Twitter account: Users 'concerned' about Elon Musk [REVEAL]'Not going on!’ Donald Trump rejects chance to rejoin Twitter despite [REPORT] Mr Musk’s purchase of Twitter coincided with the provisional greenlighting of the Digital Services Act, which the European Union hopes to bring into force by 2024. The legislation will require social media companies to implement stricter content moderation systems that are able to swiftly remove illegal material such as hate speech, incitement to terrorism and child sexual absue. And Thierry Breton, the EU’s commissioner for the internal market, warned that Mr Musk will need a “reality check” after the multibillionaire claimed on Monday that Twitter would become “the digital town square where matters vital to the future of humanity are debated”. He said: “We welcome everyone. We are open but on our conditions. At least we know what to tell him: ‘Elon, there are rules. You are welcome but these are our rules. It’s not your rules which will apply here.’”