The cruiser Moskva sunk after what Russia has said was an explosion of ammunition on board. Kyiv argues it was their forces that crippled the flagship of Russia's Black Sea fleet with a volley of anti-ship missiles. Either way, the sinking has been declared a major "propaganda victory" for the Ukrainians. BBC journalist Dan Johnson said: "Russia...says only that there was a fire and an explosion on board the ship. "Some of the ship's own ammunition exploding, which cause severe damage to the ship yesterday and meant that the crew had to abandon it. "Over 500 sailors were rescued from that ship, and apparently it was being towed into port the Russians say presumably for some sort of repairs or assessment when it sank in rough weather. "Now to some degree, it doesn't really matter whether we get the full story on that or not." He continued: "It's a major propaganda victory for the Ukrainians. "The fact that the flagship of Russia's Black Sea Fleet now sits at the bottom of the Black Sea and is no longer able to take part in the conflict. "That ship had become a symbol of Ukrainian resistance because of the way it was told to go away by Ukrainian soldiers when it first approached Snake Island, a Ukrainian outcrop in the Black Sea at the start of the invasion. "It's an image that's now appeared on posters, billboards, even postage stamps in Ukraine, and the fact that that ship is now out of action at the bottom of the sea will be an embarrassment for Russia, and is being seen already as a major victory for Ukraine." Kyiv says it hit the cruiser Moskva with missiles fired from the coast. Russia said the ship sank while being towed in stormy seas after a fire caused by an explosion of ammunition. Moscow said more than 500 sailors had been evacuated. There was no independent confirmation of the fate of the crew. Although Russia did not confirm that Ukrainian missiles had hit the ship, early on Friday it struck what it described as a factory in Kyiv that made and repaired anti-ship missiles, in apparent retaliation. The Moskva was by far Russia's largest vessel in the Black Sea fleet, equipped with guided missiles to shoot down planes and attack the shore, and radar to provide air defence cover for the fleet. Hours before Kyiv said it had struck the ship, it released a postage stamp with a picture of a soldier making an obscene gesture towards it, commemorating the war's first day when the ship ordered Ukrainian defenders to surrender an island outpost, and they radioed back "Russian warship, go fuck yourself". DON'T MISSPutin mouthpiece declares World War III started after Russia ship sunk [INFO]Devastating blow to Putin as key Russian flagship sinks [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Putin takes revenge for sunken Russian ship [BLOG] President Volodymyr Zelensky paid homage to "those who showed that Russian ships can go -- only down to the bottom". Russia has used its naval power to blockade Ukrainian ports and threaten a potential amphibious landing along the coast. Without its flagship, its ability to menace Ukraine from the sea could be crippled. "If reports of Moskva's sinking prove true it will be emblematic of Russia's overall military effort thus far," tweeted Michael Kofman, an expert on Russia's military, who called it a "major loss for the Russian navy".