Banks have often warned about sophisticated scams, but this does not mean individuals cannot still fall victim. Fraudsters are still on the prowl in the hunt for their latest target, which is why it is important to remain vigilant. GPFM Financial Planners shared the frightening encounter Mark, which is not his real name, had with a financial scam. When Mark had trouble with his internet connection, he received a call claiming to be from his provider - which did not seem out of the ordinary. The caller said Mark needed an upgrade, but also that someone was trying to withdraw money from his account. When calling his bank to make the transfer, Mark was given a script and told the criminal worked for the bank, so he must not let on this was a police operation. READ MORE: State pension triple lock long term future in doubt as questions arise When calling his bank to make the transfer, Mark was given a script and told the criminal worked for the bank, so he must not let on this was a police operation. He transferred £8,000, which made the bank suspicious, but the payment was authorised nonetheless. The man on the phone then claimed the money had not gone through, with Mark calling back to try again. At this point, the bank suspected foul play, and asked Mark if someone else was on the phone. DON'T MISSState pension: Seven key changes to take place from next month [INSIGHT]‘A disgrace!’ Pensioners face 5% fall in living costs [UPDATE]Woman, 70, fears worsening treatment of pensioners [EXCLUSIVE] When Mark confirmed this was the case, he was told to put the phone down immediately as he had been the victim of a scam. Fortunately, the bank was able to refund the money he had lost, but the damage to Mark’s health - both mental and physical - had already been done. Mark said: “They use scare tactics more than anything. The man on the phone would say, ‘Don’t tell them, we’re almost there’ or ‘you’ll get the money back straight after’. “They wear you down to the point where you’ll do anything - I was being controlled to the point that I lied to my own bank. They’re so clever. “It has made me a different person. I know that might sound a bit dramatic, but I feel awful. “I want to make sure no one gets caught out in the same way.” Unfortunately, these kind of transfer scams are a prevalent tactic for fraudsters. Lloyds Bank has taken the time to warn their customers and others about the technique. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The bank’s website states: “We’ll never call to tell you to move money to another account. “If you get a call like this, hang up, it’s a scam. “If you move money to another account and it’s a scam, we may not give you a refund.” The Metropolitan Police has also warned the police will never ring to ask for personal details, or tell Britons to withdraw cash.