Antique expert Philip Serrell has been starring on Bargain Hunt and its sister series Antiques Road Trip for several years, helping the Red and Blue teams try to make the right deals. He also owns Philip Serrell Auctioneers & Valuers which has been up and running since 1995. So it's no wonder that viewers are eager to know more about the 68-year-old's personal life. Bargain Hunt star Philip Serrell has been married to a woman called Briony for several years. It hasn't been made clear exactly how long they have been together or how they met but they have been in a relationship for at least three decades. Phillip doesn't talk about his marriage to the media with Briony choosing to stay out of the limelight. But a few more details about Briony were gained thanks to an Instagram post by their daughter. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slates Alex Beresford after infamous GMB feud Philip and Briony are the proud parents of 32-year-old daughter Clementine Serrell. She works as a personal trainer with a side hustle cake business Batch 22. On Mother's Day, Clementine wrote: "My mum, known to many as Pub, and someone who I am so lucky to have. "She's happiest with a car or a Shetland, or both, and cannot bake to save her life- my gran taught me how to bake. "We always have SO much fun, laugh until I cry kind of fun." Philip resides with his wife Briony in Worcester and it is believed their daughter hasn't moved too far away. The family has gone through difficult times over the years as Clementine has suffered with an eating disorder most of her life but has made positive steps to move forward. Talking about her health to Mail Online in 2016, Phillip said: "Clementine has come through this on her own and I know she'd love to help others who are in a similar situation. "Christmas is a very difficult time of year because people suffering from anorexia get booze and food shoved at them - and that's very hard to deal with." DON'T MISS...Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series [EXPLAINER]What did Roo Irvine do before Bargain Hunt? [CAST]Natasha Raskin Sharp thanks taxi driver after 'cutting it fine'  [REACTION] As well as living in Worcester, Philip's auctioneer and valuers business is also located in the city. With around 40 years experience in the field, Philip says on the business' website that it has gone "from strength to strength". They now specialise in the sale and valuation of Royal Worcester Porcelain along with other fine art and antique items around the world. But when he's not at the shop or spending time with his loved ones, Philip is hard at work on the sets of Bargain Hunt and Antiques Road Trip. Bargain Hunt will be back for another episode this afternoon [Monday, April 18]. The description for this episode reads: "Charlie Ross challenges the public at Detling Showground to guess the function of an unusual gadget. "Meanwhile, the teams and experts Thomas Forrester and Chuko Ojiri search for items to sell at auction in Surrey." Bargain Hunt airs on weekdays at 12.15pm on BBC One.