Arsenal would reportedly love to sign Lille ace Jonathan David this summer as well as Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus. The Gunners look set to lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah at the end of the season when their contracts expire. Arsenal have seen big improvements this season and are battling to qualify for next season’s Champions League. Ahead of their lunchtime game with Manchester United on Saturday, the north Londoners were level on points with fourth-placed Tottenham in the Premier League table. And they will need to bolster their squad this summer if they are to kick on to the next level. According to CBS Sports Golazo, Gunners manager Mikel Arteta and transfer chief Edu would love to bring in David. But Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin might be a more realistic target. David has been in stellar form for Lille this season and has racked up an impressive 17 goals in 43 games in all competitions. The 22-year-old’s three strikes in the Champions League helped the French side reach the last 16 of the competition, but they were ultimately knocked out by Chelsea. READ MORE: Alexandre Lacazette wants to leave Arsenal due to 'problems' with Mikel Arteta    David, who has scored 20 goals in 30 games for Canada, is known for his high energy and relentless pressing during matches and has been tipped to reach the very top of the game. And Arteta could do with a hard-working forward who can find the back of the net. The Gunners will want to spend wisely at the end of the season to ensure they get their hands on players who can make an impact at the Emirates Stadium. Jesus has reportedly already agreed everything with the Gunners ahead of a potential move to north London and has been in advanced talks with the club. And Arteta could even try to sign both players. DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Harry Maguire to be 'benched' by Ralf Rangnick for crunch Arsenal clashJamie Carragher advises two Man Utd targets to 'run a mile' despite Ten Hag appointmentErik ten Hag shown first Man Utd task as Rangnick echoes Mourinho issue four years on      Jesus has contributed 89 goals and 45 assists in 229 games for the Citizens since joining the club from Palmeiras in 2017. And he has also notched 18 times in 54 games for Brazil. But the 25-year-old struggles to hold down a regular starting place at the Etihad Stadium and could be tempted to move on come the end of the campaign – a year before his contract in Manchester comes to an end. Everton striker Calvert-Lewin, meanwhile, has been linked with Arsenal for months and could try to secure a move away from Goodison Park amid the Toffees’ struggles. The 25-year-old enjoyed a stellar campaign last time out as he notched 16 Premier League goals. But he has only found the back of the net three times this season after being plagued by injury. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 