Arsenal could have a very exciting starting XI if they can complete a deal for Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus this summer. Brazilian journalist Jorge Nicola claims an 'agreement' has been reached between the player and the Gunners after a meeting with his agent Paulo Pitombeira. Express Sport looks at how Mikel Arteta could line up with Jesus and two other signings next season. Aaron Ramsdale is set to remain as the No 1, with Bernd Leno likely to leave at the end of the season. The England international has not been at his best in recent weeks but will keep his spot in goal next term. USA star Matt Turner is set to arrive from New England Revolution in the summer. He will be hoping to provide strong competition for Ramsdale ahead of a potential clash against each other in the World Cup in Qatar later this year. READ MORE: Gabriel Jesus 'has agreed' Arsenal transfer as talks 'very advanced' with Man City star  In an interview with arsenal442.com, CBS Sports reporter Ben Jacobs claims Southampton right-back Tino Livramento is on Arteta's wishlist. Takehiro Tomiyasu has struggled with injury problems during his first season at the Emirates. Livramento has impressed for Southampton since his move from Chelsea last summer. He could line up on the right of a familiar defence which includes Ben White, Gabriel and Kieran Tierney.  Youri Tielemans has been linked with a move to Arsenal in recent windows. The Belgian's contract expires in 2023 and he could be allowed to leave Leicester for as little as £25million. Tielemans could be a direct replacement for Granit Xhaka in the Gunners midfield if he were to leave the club. Thomas Partey would sit in the deeper-lying position, with Martin Odegaard making up the three in the middle of the park.  Jesus can play across the front three but would likely be used up top if Arsenal do not bring in another centre-forward. The Brazilian would be a great fit for the way Arteta wants his team to play. Bukayo Saka is almost the first name on the team sheet on the right of the attack. Emile Smith Rowe's goalscoring prowess this season gets him the nod over Gabriel Martinelli in this starting XI. How Arsenal could line up in full: Ramsdale; Livramento, White, Gabriel, Tierney; Odegaard, Partey, Tielemans; Saka, Jesus, Smith Rowe. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here