The Government announced its plans to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles by 2030 in a bid to reach net zero emissions by 2050. New plug-in hybrids will remain in showrooms for another five years, before being outlawed in 2035. The Government has also confirmed it will allow conventional hybrids, such as the Toyota Prius, to remain on sale until 2035, as long as they are capable of achieving the "significant" zero-emission distance. After 2035, the only new cars and vans that can be sold will be pure electric, like the Tesla Model 3 and Kia EV6, and any hydrogen-powered cars that may exist at that point. Fredrika Klaren, Head of Sustainability at Polestar, believes that the UK Government has the opportunity to play a decisive role in helping to decarbonise cars. She believes the Government can do this by ensuring green energy is sourced and supplied across the country’s charging infrastructure. READ MORE: MINI Electric review Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, she said: “I think people can sense now that buying a fossil fuel car is not a smart financial decision. “I see that knowledge bubbling and trickling down to the consumers now, but still we’re seeing these targets that are way off from big industry players. “I heard someone saying that it would not be realistic to have a target that's earlier. Many OEMs have pledged to transition to EVs by 2035 in some markets. “When we talk about pushing that target closer in this decade, I’ve heard so many people say it’s not feasible or it’s not realistic. DON'T MISSHolidaymakers’ cars left in muddy fields [SHOCKING]Drivers vent their anger at EV owners who don’t have chargers [COMMENT]New EU speed limiters which may be mandatory in all cars slammed [WARNING] “We just feel like we’re future-proofing ourselves and doing what’s right for business.” Transport is currently the largest emitting sector of the UK economy, responsible for 27 percent of total UK greenhouse gas emissions. Second-hand cars will be unaffected by the ban, with petrol and diesel cars still being able to change hands on the used market after the cut off date in 2030. The Government is supporting the bid to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles by massively increasing investment into electric vehicles and its necessary infrastructure. This included a massive pledge to invest £1.6billion into EV infrastructure across the country. Frederika Klaren continued, saying: “It’s surprising that not more business leaders are able to take these very important strategic decisions at this point. “When industries are moving too slow and when Governments are moving too slow, we really want to use the force of consumers. “At Polestar we are trying to use transparency as a tool for climate action. Transparency is one of the most fundamental things we look at when it comes to sustainability. “We work in a very opaque, conventional industry, but we see when we really want to make a shift, transparency is the key driver. “We publish the full methodology for all of our cars, we started that in 2020 with Polestar 2, so as a consumer you can see the carbon footprint of the vehicle and you can see how we calculated that. “You’re going to see when we have bumps in the road when we succeed and when we fail in terms of emissions. “In 2030, we will declare a zero carbon footprint on Polestar 0.” The Polestar 0 project is the Swedish car manufacturer’s bid to make a truly climate-neutral car by 2030, with the company calling it a “moonshot goal”. It aims to remove all greenhouse gas emissions from the supply chain and end life, something which has been dubbed an “unprecedented challenge”. It is said to involve innovative design, circular batteries, recycled materials as well as renewable energy throughout the supply chain.