A mum has shown her followers on social media how she takes off the door of her oven for some oven cleaning. The video went viral on TikTok. Lucy, a cleaning, home, motherhood, and lifestyle influencer, showed how simple it is to take off the oven door. She has a large number of followers on her Instagram account @cleaningwithlucy and her YouTube channel. Lucy then removed the glass from within the door, ready to give it a deep clean. First, she lays a towel on the floor below the oven to protect the floor. Then she removes the oven door. She pulls the leavers, found on the bottom left and right of the oven and attached to the door, towards her. READ MORE: Cleaner switches oven on for 10 minutes to remove grease - 'tackle with heat and scraper' She noted: "Be careful not to let them go back when the door is off!" Lucy then pushes the door back up until it has come out of its hinges She pulls the door gently away and lays it on the floor carefully. Taking a spoon, Lucy uses the handle to push in tabs on the top right and left of the oven door. DON'T MISSUse a pumice stone regularly in the toilet to prevent stains [CLEANING] Cleaner uses £1.19 Astonish Mould Blaster to get rid of mould [PRODUCT] 'Abrasive' cleaners white vinegar and baking soda do serious and permanent damage [WARNING] This allows her to remove the panels and take out the glass. The video was viewed almost 70,000 times on Lucy's TikTok account Cleaning With Lucy, where she shares her real life cleaning hacks. Lucy previously touched on the cleanin the oven, explaining a really simple way to get rid of grease stains. For seriously baked on grease, which has gone black, try turning the oven up. Lucy said: "Black carbon stains are best tackled with heat and an oven scraper. "Turn the oven on full heat for 10 minutes turn off and scrape. Repeat until clear." For grease marks that are still sticky, Lucy suggests a cheap product to help. The mum suggested Elbow Grease All Purpose Degreaser. She said: "It is great at removing grease stains from your oven. Spray, leave for a few minutes, and wipe clean."