Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has spoken out after his side's 3-1 defeat to Arsenal on Saturday. The Red Devils were beaten at the Emirates Stadium courtesy of goals from Nuno Tavares, Bukayo Saka and Granit Xhaka. And while Cristiano Ronaldo was on target, his goal was merely a consolation. Arsenal opened the scoring at the Emirates through Tavares with just three minutes on the clock. The Brazilian netted after David De Gea had parried Saka’s shot into his path, sending the home crowd wild in the process. Arsenal then doubled their advantage through Saka from the penalty spot, with the England international converting after a foul inside the box from Alex Telles. Ronaldo pulled one back for United before the interval, scoring his 100th Premier League goal in the process. But Arsenal then wrapped up the victory through Xhaka, whose thunderbolt goal gave the north London side all three points. And Ten Hag, speaking after United's loss, has now hit out at the VAR officials after the Red Devils saw Ronaldo and Jadon Sancho decisions given against them. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "I think we showed an improved performance but in the end a disappointing result,” he stated. “I think we bounced back well from the early goal and had numerous chances in both halves to score more goals. "I thought the weak part of our performance today was we didn't defend well inside and around our box. “I felt there were three very unlucky VAR decisions. For me the Arsenal third was clearly offside. The second of Cristiano was not offside. “We were not very happy with the VAR decisions today. An improved display but a disappointing result." And, on what new boss Erik ten Hag would be thinking, he added: "There is a lot of work for sure. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players “We knew that before the game. We showed what football we can play. “Although we had to deal with the two early goals we still showed the attitude. There is nothing about the attitude of the players we should fault today." And, when quizzed on if his side would be finishing outside of the top four, he continued: "Pretty sure. “For me even before the game it was not very likely but after today's result it is gone yes." Arsenal star Xhaka, meanwhile, was delighted at scoring and securing victory for his team. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Very happy for the three points and secondly very happy to have helped the team with a goal,” he said. “I haven't scored in long time and it's good to do it front of the fans. But the most important thing was the three points. "We started well but it was a 50-50 game in the second half. United were pressing and did much better, but we got the three points. The missed penalty helped us. "It's not the first time we score and concede straight away, we did it twice against Chelsea. “So we have to be more clever and have a strong mentality for the five minutes after we score."