Julia is the former presenter of Countryfile and Watchdog. The TV stalwart, who is currently recovering from cancer, has detailed her top walking tips for Express.co.uk. The most vital tips included being very cautious about what is on your feet. Julia told Express.co.uk: "Never go hiking in brand new boots – as lovely as it is to unpack them – a good pair of walking boots is a worn-in pair." In fact, the expert suggested wearing the boots in as much as possible before hitting the trails. She said: "Wear them at home/to the shops/on the treadmill." Every serious walker needs their supplies, and how you carry them is something else to think about. Julia said: "You should also invest in a comfortable good fitting backpack - nobody wants sore shoulders and backache heading out." READ MORE: 'Walking kept me sane': Julia Bradbury says walks have been 'therapy' amid cancer battle On staying warm, Julia said: "For maintaining body temperature, I wear layers…and pack a few more in my backpack. You can always strip off or layer up.” Most importantly, Julia suggested walking with loved ones. She said: “Start with friends so you can share the sense of discovery and achievement together (great for bonding too)." Julia did this recently when she walked with her mum and the rest of her family. She told her followers: "My Mama Mou is no mountaineer, but she hiked up Mam Tor with the whole family yesterday for the first time in 50 years. At 83 years young she made it to the trig point in the gleaming sunshine. She continues to be an inspiration and the most loving Mum her daughters could wish for." DON'T MISS'Breath-taking': Best UK spots for staycations and camping [EXPERTS] Walking ‘briskly’ could add up to 20 years to your life [HEALTH] Queen 'walks her dogs daily' to 'reduce her blood pressure' [ROYAL] Most recently the TV presenter enjoyed a hike through the Bel Ombre Nature Reserve in Mauritius to celebrate Earth Day while on a recent trip. She told fans: "Had a gorgeous #EarthDay hike through the wild & beautiful Bel Ombre Nature Reserve, followed by a dip in this clear fresh water pool. We saw wild boar, Java Deer, countless birds and butterflies, and stunningly rich plant life and trees ..including precious black ebony trees. "We walked back in wet shorts, drying out in the midday sun. Magical. About 25 percent of Mauritius flora and fauna is endemic to the island. These are some of the most precious landscapes on the planet. Feel grateful to have walked through a small part of this special place." Julia also detailed her best UK walks across the United Kingdom.