Gary Neville reckons he has been proven right about Arsenal in recent weeks. Neville said last month he did not trust the Gunners in their quest to finish in the Premier League top four. Arsenal have now lost three of their last four league matches to hand the initiative to north London rivals Tottenham. Spurs currently occupy fourth, three points clear of Mikel Arteta's side who have a game in hand. Arsenal have not qualified for the Champions League since 2016. And Neville says that lack of experience is set to cost them this season. He said on the Gary Neville podcast: "I never trusted Arsenal really and I said that publicly. Three in four losses? READ MORE: Gary Neville and Roy Keane agreed as duo pick title winner between Liverpool and Man City  "I said a few weeks ago I didn't trust Arsenal fully and the reason behind that was because they needed to prove they could go through a run in where they were favourites for the top four. Those doubts are starting to come to the fore. "I have to say I think Tottenham are just basically getting there through the fact they've had a bit of experience in the last three or four, five years of getting into the Champions League. And through Manchester United and Arsenal's woes, and West Ham have lost as well. "You're almost in some ways thinking 'well over to you Tottenham, you may as well go and take the Champions League place', why not? We know they've got an exceptional front two/front three. "But there's still a lot to play for. Man United are done. DON'T MISSLiverpool player ratings vs Man City: Two 5s as Reds unable to claim control of title race [REACTION]Roy Keane and Micah Richards criticise two Liverpool stars during Man City clash [QUOTES]Man Utd hope to agree £1.7m Erik ten Hag deal 'this week' as talks advance [REPORT]   "It's now about whether Arsenal can recover and I'm not sure, I'm not sure that they can. It's basically Tottenham's for the taking." Speaking after Saturday's damaging 2-1 loss at home to Brighton, Arteta outlined the importance of his players putting that result behind them. He said: "We have everything to play for, there’s still big games to come up, eight games, we can still do it and we have to now take ownership and talk very little and start to performance. "First of all on Monday being in the right mind frame to acknowledge that everything is still there for us and we have worked so hard to be in this position and how much we want it and how willing we are to do everything that we can do to start performing to win football matches again."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here