Queen Elizabeth is celebrating her 96th birthday today after seven decades as monarch wearing fabulous jewellery. From huge, flawless diamonds to magnificent rubies, sapphires, and pearls, the Queen's jewellery collection features some of the world’s most eye-catching pieces. While earrings and necklaces normally take centre stage, the Queen is most famously known for wearing a variety of beautiful brooches.  It is thought that she owns over 98 incredible brooches. These are not only extremely high value, but also have special meanings behind them. Fine jewellery and engagement ring experts at Steven Stone took a close look at 25 of the most iconic brooches from her collection. They revealed the highest estimated valued brooch and the heart-warming story behind it. Leading diamond expert Max Stone told Express.co.uk: “Queen Elizabeth has some of the most incredible jewels I’ve ever seen. “Whilst it’s no doubt difficult to put a price on them, as they come with so much history and legacy, after analysing the gemstones from 25 of her most iconic brooches, I’d roughly estimate them to be collectively worth over £90,000,000.” But what is the 96-year-old's most expensive brooch? The expert added: “The biggest and most expensive of all Queen Elizabeth's brooches is the Cullinan III and IV brooch.  “This is because it features two large stones cut from the Cullinan diamond - the world's largest diamond ever found. “This one brooch alone is worth around £50,000,000.” According to these jewellery experts, the Queen’s most expensive brooch has a very sentimental meaning behind it. Max Stone continued: “Just from looking at this incredible piece of jewellery, it’s clear that this is the biggest and most expensive of all Queen Elizabeth's brooches.  “The Cullinan III and IV brooch is made of the third and fourth largest stones cut from the famous Cullinan Diamond. “The jaw-dropping 3,106-carat uncut diamond was presented to King Edward VII in 1907. “It was cut by Joseph Asscher in Amsterdam the next year. “Whilst the two largest stones cut from the diamond are set in the Sovereign’s Sceptre and the Imperial State Crown, the pear-shaped 94.4 carat Cullinan III and the square-cut 63 carat Cullinan IV were presented to Queen Mary by the Government in 1910.  “In 1911, she commissioned Carrington and Co. to make a platinum brooch setting for the stones. “In 1953, Queen Elizabeth inherited the brooch, however she does not wear it very often. “In 1959, she loaned the brooch to London’s Ageless Diamond exhibition, and in 1012 it was part of another exhibition at Buckingham Palace to celebrate the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee.” The Queen is celebrating her 96th birthday today in Wood Farm on the Sandringham estate. 