More flights have been cancelled overnight, with some being axed 10 minutes before departure, according to travel expert Simon Calder. British Airways has cancelled tens of flights this week, affecting the travel plans of thousands. British Airways continues to cancel flights due to Covid-related issues, such as staff shortages. More flights from Heathrow have been cancelled by the airline today. Travel expert Simon Calder appeared on ITV’s This Morning today to warn of last-minute axes of flights to Europe, saying there have been “huge changes overnight”. A flight to Bucharest, Romania, was cancelled 10 minutes before it was supposed to leave Heathrow. READ MORE: Why are so many flights being cancelled? A British Airways flight to Athens has also been cancelled. Another flight to Cyprus has been cancelled before its intended departure tonight. “Lots of people are cheesed off,” Simon said. British Airways has cancelled 68 flights in total, according to the travel expert, affecting 10,000 passengers.  However, Simon added that “it’s actually running pretty smoothly” at Heathrow airport because there are now fewer travellers in the building. This is entirely different to Manchester airport, where there have been long queues for days. Some travellers have reported waits of around 90 minutes to go through security. Ken O’Toole, deputy chief executive at Manchester airport blamed a lack of staff due to Covid-related sicknesses for the chaos. He said: “The speed and the scale of recovery has caught us and it has meant we are short-staffed at the moment.” Today, easyJet has cancelled two flights from Manchester – to Berlin and to Hamburg, and vice versa. The airline has also axed flights to and from other airports, including Belfast International, Bristol, Luton, and Gatwick. So far, the airline has cancelled 42 flights today, April 8. Meanwhile, British Airways’ cancelled flights – which are 68 in total today – are all to and from Heathrow. Some of these are domestic, while most are to and from European destinations. Full list of cancelled flights British Airways To/from Heathrow Aberdeen Edinburgh Glasgow Manchester Newcastle Prague Amsterdam Milan Malpensa Brussels Paris Krakow Toulouse Marseille Budapest Algiers Tirana Rome Bucharest Athens Zagreb Madrid Stockholm Frankfurt Vienna Hamburg Bologna Berlin Larnaca easyJet To/from Gatwick Agadir Venice Preveza Mahon (Menorca) Berlin Milan Malpensa Milan Linate Verona Hamburg Budapest Montpellier Bordeaux Ibiza To/from Luton Amsterdam (2) Belfast International Malaga Milan Malpensa Bodrum To/from Bristol Krakow Dubrovnik To/from Manchester Berlin Hamburg To/from Belfast International Luton