Drivers in Bristol were left baffled by a group of people who set up a table for dinner in a layby to the side of one of the busiest roads in the area. The family even added candles and a lamp to the arrangement for an added touch of class. A witness said that he saw the group at just before 3pm, sitting at the side of the road with a table, garden chairs, candles, and a wicker picnic basket. He told Bristol Live that some passing drivers were honking their horns at them, to which they responded with a wave. The Portway road is reportedly one of the most scenic in the city, running along the Avon Gorge with views of the river stretching into Bristol. And the group were obviously set on making the most of their surroundings as they ate behind a parked grey minivan. READ MORE: Most drivers believe they’ve been ‘ripped off’ when selling a car The bizarre sight came on the same weekend as a driver was fined for parking on a motorway hard shoulder as they attempted to avoid Manchester Airport parking charges. The driver was most likely trying to avoid parking charges or the traffic associated with the airport. However, their attempt was thwarted after traffic police officers spotted the dangerous and illegal parking. Officers from North West Motorway Police found the car parked up on Friday and hit the driver with a Traffic Offence Report (TOR) that comes with a fixed penalty. In a social media post, the force said: “Driver seen by ME54 stopped on hard shoulder at Manchester Airport waiting to collect people - TOR issued." Some people responded by expressing shock at the action while others said it was an all too common occurrence. One user wrote: “I just don’t see the point in people parking on hard shoulders, yes I know airport parking can be expensive but I’m pretty sure it isn’t the equivalent cost of the fine unless you’re there all week?!” Another commented: “I drive a bus around the airport and it’s ridiculous how so many people park on the hard shoulder, roundabouts within road traffic cones where the building works happening on the pavements next to the entrance of the bus station need to put some cameras up and get people fined.” That news came after a taxi driver was ordered to pay £2,700 in repair costs after he smashed a Glasgow Airport ticket machine that charged him £4 for parking. Atif Amin became enraged after he was told he must pay a £4 charge for using the drop-off, pick-up facility. The taxi driver was adamant that his disability parking badge allowed him free entry into the NCP car park. After being told that he must pay the charge, Amin smashed the display screen of the payment machine with a torch, causing £2,700 worth of damage. Late last year, research showed that UK councils collect £5,083 every single hour from parking offence penalty charge notices (PCN). In total, UK councils make £45million per year from parking contraventions from a huge 1.3 million fines dished out. And this year private parking companies have reportedly started fining EV OWNERS up to £120 a time for parking while charging their car. The issue is due to a failure to update maximum stay rules since the chargers were installed.