Manchester United are ready to smash their transfer record in order to sign Declan Rice this summer, according to reports. Erik Ten Hag is primed to take over from Ralf Rangnick this summer, and it's believed he'll bring in some new faces. United are set for yet another hectic summer transfer window. The Red Devils spent close to £150million last summer, signing Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo. But this season has been a nightmare for all concerned at Old Trafford, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer losing his job and the prospect of another season out of the Champions League seeming inevitable. As a result, it's believed United will once again have to spend their way out of trouble. United are set to appoint Ajax head coach Ten Hag as their new manager this summer, and 90min reports they are ready to break the bank to provide him with Rice as well. The West Ham midfielder will likely cost a fee in the region of £100m. Hammers boss David Moyes is adamant that he won't be parting ways with his star man, who has cemented his place as an England starter. Rice is under contract at the London Stadium until 2024, though West Ham can extend that deal for a further year. This week, Moyes came out and stated it would take a bid in excess of £150m to even tempt the club to consider selling. “The first thing to say is that he is not for sale," Moyes said defiantly. "If you are interested, well, it will be north of [£150m]. £100m was cheap last summer. £150m just now would be minimum but he is not for sale. What I do know is that it means there are only certain clubs that could even consider it.” United are also said to be looking at an eye-watering bid for Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane. The England captain was linked with a move to Manchester City last year, only for the move to fall through when the Premier League champions failed to put up the cash. Despite Spurs being in terrific form since the arrival of Antonio Conte, reports suggest he would be open to hearing what United have to offer. However, it's incredibly unlikely Daniel Levy will allow him to leave having stood firm last summer.