Maggie Rhee (played by Lauren Cohan) and Negan Smith (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) are finally starting to trust each other after the former Saviour killed Maggie’s husband Glenn (Steven Yeun) several years ago. However, this doesn’t mean The Walking Dead regular Lauren is 100 per cent happy with how things are progressing between the enemies-turned-allies in the AMC drama. Lauren has now admitted she felt like “throwing up” after a particular line in The Walking Dead’s season 11B finale. In the thrilling midseason conclusion, Acts of God, Maggie is lured away by Leah (Lynn Collins), leaving the colonies vulnerable. Later, Maggie, Daryl Dixon (Norman Reedus), Aaron (Ross Marquand) and Gabriel (Seth Gilliam) reunite with Negan to plan an attack on the Commonwealth. Maggie reveals her hostility towards Negan is finally starting to waver after she entrusts him to look after her son, Hershel (Kien Michael Spiller). READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait Negan cautions her: “He doesn't exactly trust me.” To which Maggie admits: “But I am starting to. “You saved him at Riverbend. Whatever else happens, and whatever else has happened, I will never forget that.” The redeemed Saviour has finally started to prove himself as an ally to Hilltop and the colonies following their bouts with the Whisperers and the Reapers. Nevertheless, Lauren still found it uncomfortable to see her character warming up to the man responsible for ending her relationship with Glenn in such a brutal fashion. “It just came at a time when I had to leave,” she said, explaining Maggie’s thought process. “I was not willing to let anybody come with me. And I knew the only place I could leave Hershel was with them. “And I say 'them' because I think, obviously, Maggie knows there are these qualities of protectiveness that Negan has towards young people and that he has changed. None of that really changes how she feels.” Negan not only took down the Whisperer leader Alpha (Samantha Morton) in the previous season but has struck up tentative friendships with a number of key Hilltop survivors. DON'T MISS:NCIS fans fear for Gibbs’ future after 'concerning' clue [UPDATE]Outlander season 6: Malva star hints at return [INSIGHT]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly speaks out on ‘great day’ from show [VIDEO] Among them is Judith Grimes (Cailey Fleming), who occasionally looks to him as an unconventional father figure. Maggie and Negan’s gradually forming friendship will undoubtedly be explored in the upcoming Walking Dead spin-off, Isle of the Dead, in which they’ll both star. Until then, however, Lauren has found it hard to reconcile Negan’s previous actions with where the unlikely pairing is with their dynamic in the current stage of the series. “I absolutely hated it,” she told Entertainment Weekly. "I was like, 'I think the reason I hate this is also why she hates it.' 'She' being Maggie. "It's like 'Ugh, this is this moment, and this is what this is, but I'm going by myself, and I have to finish this, and you have to take care of my kid. And right now you're the best person for it.' "And, you know, he's not going to be alone with him. I feel like I'm just justifying all these reasons, but it is true. So yeah, it's huge, that moment.” Hopefully, Negan’s new protectiveness means Maggie and her son will survive longer than Hershel’s father, though there could be yet another shocking change of character to come in the upcoming spin-off. The Walking Dead season 11B is available to stream on Disney+ in the UK. Season 11C will premiere on AMC in the USA later this year.