In years to come, it was the sort of drama that would later fail to surprise anyone as Best became noted more for his drinking and his dating of beautiful women than for his soccer skills. He famously joked: “I used to go missing a lot…Miss Canada, Miss United Kingdom, Miss World…” But at the time, it looked like unusual behaviour and the star striker’s whereabouts were a mystery... except to ace Daily Express sports journalist Ted Macauley. He had a shrewd idea where his friend might have gone, and soon tracked him down to the playboys’ paradise of Marbella. Now, after decades of writing about some of the world’s top stars, “Scoop” Macauley has revealed some of his own exploits, reporting on the rich and famous, in his autobiography – Raring To Go! Best’s failure to turn up for training one day was the cue for just one such episode for Ted. He recalled: “Neither his legendary Reds boss, Sir Matt Busby, or anybody else at Old Trafford had any idea where Besty had vanished to, or why. “But I did. As a Daily Express football reporter I had become the firmest of friends with the Northern Irish football genius, so much so he spent many an hour sleeping off boozy hangovers on the sofa in my front room.” Ted said: “We had holidayed in Marbella and he told me it was his favourite haunt and he would retire there. No guessing, then, when I persuaded my sports editor to speedily dispatch me to sunny Spain. And it was not a wasted flight. “I didn’t bother to check into the hotel. I strode down to its lake-size swimming pool overlooking the beach and guess who I found sitting at the bar surrounded by a horde of giggling, bikini-clad glamour girls?” In the sunshine, a bleary-eyed Best said: “Blimey, it’s Ted Macauley! What the hell are you doing here? On holiday?” The reporter admitted: “I’ve come to take you home, but not before we’ve had a night out here.” Ted said: “And that’s what we did. Both of us nursing hangovers jetted back to the UK, surviving endless glasses of bubbly sent by admirers up and down the aircraft. Even the captain came over to get an autograph.” At Old Trafford, a smiling Busby, who ­nicknamed Ted “The Boss”, told him: “The football world, especially all of us at Old Trafford, thank you for bringing him (Best) home. This is where he belongs. We love and admire him.” But what did Best’s Manchester United teammate Bobby Charlton, the epitome of conscientious professionalism, think of the wild Ulsterman with a taste for girls, champagne and high fashion? Ted was friends with both and had a unique insight into the true relationship between the two United legends, which he has now revealed in his autobiography. The mercurial youngster from Belfast had joined United in 1963, three years before original “Busby Babe” Charlton would go on to help England win the World Cup at Wembley. By 1969, a year after United became the first English club to win the European Cup and five years before he left the club, 23-year-old Best had already gained celebrity status. Charlton, then aged 31, was the team captain and Ted seized an opportunity to record his views on Best. Ted found the elder statesman of the United side still filled with an almost paternal pride, in spite of the growing stories of Best’s off-field antics. On a precious tape, still in Ted’s possession, he asked Bobby to explain why he and Best played so well together and how they got on off the pitch. “Like an old man to a young boy,” Charlton told him. “Now I am over 30, I suppose I am a little like a veteran to George. He is only just starting, in his early 20s, on what I reckon is going to be a long and, I expect, a terrifically successful career. “Put me and George together and I suppose we could pass as father and son. I would be proud of him if he was my lad. “He is such a fantastic footballer. You know how some people react when they see long hair and all that colourful gear. Well, George at times might get away with being a Carnaby Street model and a very smart one at that. It is the way he is. “He is no different from most youngsters who are crazy about football, except that he is an exceptional talent with remarkable ability and presence. He may have a lot of interests outside football, especially the boutiques he owns, but there is really only one real occupation and fascination for him...­football... football and more football. "He is usually first out of the dressing room in the morning. He is a great and hard-working trainer. He’d shoot and take penalties all day long if you’d let him.” At the United training ground, called The Cliff, there was a covered gym area, which Best would never leave as long as somebody was there to kick a ball to him. Bobby added: “As United’s captain I have never had any trouble with George on away trips or abroad. He is a dedicated professional. “Sometimes in a match you want to curse him inwardly when he is trying to beat a fourth or fifth opponent and he loses the ball. But that’s a regular fault among young players. People used to curse me for the same reason when I was a beginner. And I have admitted it myself. With George all the curses boomerang when things are going wrong for the team and, suddenly, when all is seemingly lost, he gets the ball and starts off on one of his long, chinking, winding, dodging dribbles, beats a few defenders on the way, and finishes by creating or scoring a memorable goal. “And that gives me the tingles just as surely as it does with the fans. I remember him scoring a goal in the first minute of four successive League matches, the kind of start you pray for in every match. And you just love him.” Best scored 179 goals for United in 470 games and left in 1974. He played 37 times for Northern Ireland, scoring nine goals, but in later life his health suffered from his hard-drinking lifestyle. Despite two liver transplants, he died in 2005, aged 59, from multiple organ failure. Even today his footballing genius is talked about by fans around the world. Charlton told Macauley on the tape: “When the argument in cafes, dressing rooms and pubs comes to dribbling and ball holding, two names are usually mentioned in high regard... Stanley Matthews and Tom Finney. “They were both fantastic and although I came in at the back end of their careers they were on the boil. "But there is no doubt in my mind that Besty could stand shoulder to shoulder with any of the great artists, past and present. He will go down in history and those of us who had the utter pleasure of seeing him in action will never, ever forget him.” Ted went on to be the Chief Sports Feature Writer for the Daily Mirror until his retirement in 1997. And all these years later, he still misses his friend. He said: “He was the most gifted footballer ever. He excited fans all over the world, a dribbler who would beat half-a-dozen defenders in one surge and then score with either foot. He left a host of baffled defenders and beaten goalkeepers all over the world.”