Tottenham are weighing up the idea of bringing Brentford midfielder Christian Eriksen back to north London at the end of the season, according to reports. The 30-year-old has turned plenty of heads with his impressive performances for the Bees since joining on a six-month contract in January in what has been a remarkable return after his on-pitch cardiac arrest at Euro 2020 last summer. Eriksen has emerged as a fan favourite at Brentford after chipping in with a goal and an assist in the Premier League but could be on the move once again upon the expiry of his contract in the summer. It seems as though a return to Tottenham could be one of many options on the table for the Dane, who spent over six years on their books prior to joining Inter Milan back in 2020.Tottenham are keen on reuniting with Eriksen over the coming months but are yet to make a final decision on whether to pursue his signature on a free transfer, according to i. The report claims that Brentford are eager to keep hold of Eriksen by tying him down to a new and improved contract and will offer him a long-term extension in advance of the summer transfer window.However, the Bees are painfully aware that Eriksen's impressive form will attract no shortage of attention from elsewhere when the bidding opens at the end of the season. Manchester United and Newcastle have recently been linked with his services but Tottenham are said to be 'paying the closest attention' with regards to his situation at the Brentford Community Stadium. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard reacts as relegation threat intensifies "He’s only started three games since he joined the club so it has taken a bit of time to get him up to speed," a senior source at Brentford is quoted as saying. "We want him to stay but it will be the end of the season before he makes a decision."Brentford are convinced that there is a realistic chance of Eriksen deciding to stay at the club into next season and beyond after providing him with the platform required to reignite his career. The player himself is said to favour the idea of remaining in the Premier League but is yet to make a firm decision on whether to stay put or seek a fresh challenge ahead of the summer months. Eriksen is also understood to be enjoying his time under the guidance of Thomas Frank, who pushed hard to secure his signature in January and is desperate to keep hold of his latest signing on a long-term basis. The Brentford boss explained on Saturday that he is not too worried about what the future holds for Eriksen in spite of the threat of losing him to a bigger club in the not-too-distant future."I know Christian quite well and one thing he’s good at is just enjoying the moment, and I think he’s enjoying it even more," said Frank. "So we are not thinking too much of what is going to happen in two or three months’ time."I’m just very pleased he’s playing for us. It’s no secret that I want him to continue next season, I know Christian is enjoying his football and really enjoying being back. I know I will have to answer these questions until the end of the season, so let’s see what will happen." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here