James Corden stunned his The Late Late Show audience on Thursday, April 28, when he announced the next series of the show will be his last. James has been over in America for the last seven years, and has expressed that his move back home to the UK was due to feeling homesick. His announcement later caught the eye of Doctor Who viewers, who began to speculate about the timing of his return to the UK, suggesting it could be connected to an appearance on the BBC sci-fi series Doctor Who. The Gavin and Stacey actor has been behind the desk on the popular stateside series for the past seven years. In an opening monologue to his latest show, he told the audience: "I’ve some news of my own to share. Seven and a half years ago, I started hosting this show. "It has changed my life. I love it, I love all the people who work here. I am so proud of what we have achieved. It has been beyond my wildest, wildest dreams. "So I’m happy to announce today I’ve signed a new contract to carry on, that’s really only half the story. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Spider Nugent returns as Emily Bishop dies "I’ve signed for one more year of the show, and this will be my last, when I started this journey, it was always going to be just that, it was going to be a journey, an adventure. "We are going to go out with a bang … there’ll be tears, so many tears, ‘cuz this has been the hardest decision I’ve ever had to make. I never took this for granted, ever," he concluded. Once filming for the last series is finished, James and his wife Julia will be moving back to the UK with their children. There has been no confirmation as to what James has lined up when he returns to the UK, however, some fans believe a role on the hit BBC series could be on the cards. Fellow talk show host Stephen Colbert heard about James' decision and tweeted: "Congratulations, James, on what will be eight incredible years at CBS. 12:30 won’t be the same without you. "But looking forward to your exciting adventures as the new Doctor Who!" Although it seems Stephen was just teasing James, many Doctor Who fans took the comment seriously and rushed to react on social media. User @acaibcwil commented: "Corden is leaving the late, late show the same year Russell T. Davies is coming back to Doctor Who…interesting." DON'T MISS...James Corden breaks silence amid plans to move family back to UK [INSIGHT]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker replaced by Ruth Madeley? [LATEST]Doctor Who: David Tennant drops cryptic hint he'll replace Jodie [MORE] @amurkymuc added: "Wait… Russell t davies is coming back to the Doctor Who again in 2023. and James Corden is leaving in 2023… OH GOD, PLS NO!!!" @deviltriggerAO said: "James Corden being the next doctor as incredibly unlikely as it has still put the fear of God into me like genuinely." James Lynch quipped: "‘I know people are just joking, but James Corden taking over as the Doctor would absolutely get me to stop watching Doctor Who." However, not all fans were unhappy at the thought of James becoming the new Time Lord, with Daniel Grave celebrating: "Wait, really? He’s going to be the new Doctor Who? He’ll kill it. Congrats!" While @thirteendonna said: "James Corden being the next doctor is actually so slay." (sic) Doctor Who isn't the only TV role James has been linked with, as many fans have also called for a new series of the successful BBC series Gavin and Stacey, after its one-off Christmas special comeback in 2020. The Christmas special attracted record-breaking views and left viewers begging for more. During the episode, Nessa (played by Ruth Jones) finally revealed her true feelings for James' character Smithy by proposing to him after 12 years of co-parenting their son Neil Noel Edmunds Smith (Oscar Harland). Will James be returning to the Isle of Barry or taking command of the TARDIS? Doctor Who returns later this year to BBC One.