Max Verstappen has warned Red Bull may still suffer from their reliability failures this weekend despite the team desperately working to fix the issues. The Red Bull star warned it was ‘difficult to say’ whether the issues had been fixed just two weeks on from their last failure. He confirmed the team has been suffering from ‘different issues’ but confirmed the team had done their best to get on top of them. Speaking to RaceFans, he said: “It’s been different issues, so we have been solving them, but of course time will tell if it’s working or not. It’s difficult to say at the moment. But I know that the team always does their very best in solving all the issues.” Red Bull’s season got off to the worst possible start with both Verstappen and Sergio Perez both retiring in Bahrain. Verstappen was also forced to pull off with just 20 laps remaining in Australia. In both situations, the Dutchman was on course for an almost guaranteed second placed finish.  It means the reigning champion has thrown away at least 36 points in his bid to chase down Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc. READ MORE: Verstappen given food for thought as Vettel comments on Red Bull It has left Verstappen sixth in the drivers’ standings, behind Lewis Hamilton who has struggled for performance at Mercedes all season. After Melbourne, Verstappen hit back at his team, claiming the issues were “frustrating and unacceptable”. In Australia, Red Bull team principal Christian Horner also confirmed the team’s issues were independent with none related to each other. However, he pledged the team would try to understand the problem as quickly as they could. Perez also addressed Red Bull’s reliability concerns on Thursday, warning his team could not afford any more issues. DON'T MISSSergio Perez piles pressure on Red Bull after retirements [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc unite against F1 schedule [ANALYSIS]Red Bull set for ‘risky’ upgrade to help Max Verstappen at Imola [COMMENT] The Mexican told Sky Sports F1: “I think we just have to sort out our reliability that has been a big concern in three races where we basically had three DNF’s. It’s something that really concerned us but we just have to make sure we are up there. “We cannot afford I don’t think another DNF, another weekend with zero points. That will be horrible. “Although there are still a lot of races left, these points are going to make a huge difference at the end of the season.”