Blood clots can be “life-threatening if not treated quickly”, according to the NHS. Despite this, blood clots don’t always have immediate, visible symptoms. One symptom that sometimes shows itself is “discolouration” of the skin, according to Medical News Today, but this should not be confused with bruising. Blood clots typically occur inside larger blood vessels, such as an artery or vein. This is known as a thrombosis. Medical News Today states: “Symptoms of a blood clot may become visible or palpable, especially if the blood clots develop near the surface of the skin or if they disrupt blood flow deep in an extremity." Blood clots can show visible symptoms, most often if they form in the leg, though this can also occur in the arms or even the belly. In the leg, the NHS describes blood clot symptoms of "swelling and redness". READ MORE: B12 deficiency symptoms: Three signs in your feet that signal 'damage' Web MD explains: "If a clot plugs up veins in your arms or legs, they may look bluish or reddish. "Your skin also might stay discoloured from the damage to blood vessels afterwards. "A pulmonary embolism in your lung could make your skin pale, bluish, and clammy." In some cases, the damage to blood vessels can also result in what is known as a hematoma. Medical News Today describes this as when "large amounts of blood leak into the surrounding tissue. This collection of blood can then become sticky and harden." A hematoma is not a blood clot, though can be caused as a result of one. DON'T MISSHigh cholesterol: Signs of an inherited disease – heart attack risk [INSIGHT]Supplements: Four supplements shown to increase the risk of cancer [EXPLAINER]Longevity: The timing of your evening meal influences lifespan - study [REPORT] Though bruises also cause some changes to the colour of the skin and even sometimes result in swelling, the causes and wider symptoms of a blood clot are very different. Bruises tend to cause skin discolouration that changes over time. They can also be sore or painful to the touch as they heal. As the marks of the bruise fade, the pain tends to lessen as well. Bruises typically develop after an injury. Blood clots, on the other hand, can occur for a number of reasons. Sometimes this is part of the natural process of healing after an injury. Medical News Today states: "Damage to an area causes coagulants in the blood called platelets to collect and clump together near the injury, which helps stop the bleeding. Blood can also clot without any apparent cause. "Small clots that form may disappear on their own. However, some blood clots become larger than necessary or form in places where there is no injury." Unlike bruises, blood clots do not necessarily follow an exact pattern as they heal and can become far more serious. As well as changes to the skin colour and swelling, people with blood clots might also notice the area feels tender to the touch or even painful. The NHS also lists some more serious symptoms of a blood clot which, if experienced, will require urgent medical assistance. These include: Throbbing or cramping pain, swelling, redness and warmth in a leg or arm. Sudden breathlessness, sharp chest pain which may be worse when you breathe in and a cough or coughing up blood.