The Duke of Cambridge revealed he and his wife Kate Middleton have to let their two eldest children take turns in picking which music the family listen to in the morning. William recounted the Cambridge's breakfast clamours during an appearance on the 'Time to Walk' podcast, which claims to encourage people to walk more often. Speaking on the podcast, the Duke said: “Most mornings there’s a massive fight between Charlotte and George as to what song is played in the morning. “And I have to, now, basically prioritise that one day someone does this one, and another day it’s someone else’s turn. "So, George gets his go, then Charlotte gets her go. Such is the clamour for the music." The Prince also chose to play the 2010 FIFA World Cup song 'Waka Waka', a song by the Colombian-born singer Shakira, during the episode. JUST IN: 'Smart and elegant!' Queen's favourite handbag brand launches retro design for Jubilee He explained how the children were “loving” it at the time of the recording. Speaking about their dancing, William added: “There’s a lot of hip movements going along. “There's a lot of dressing up. “Charlotte, particularly, is running around the kitchen in her dresses and ballet stuff and everything. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan 'only feel safe traveling together' as couple heads to Holland “She goes completely crazy with Louis following her around trying to do the same thing. “It's a really happy moment where the children just enjoy dancing, messing around, and, and singing.” The Duke also played Tina Turner's 'Simply the Best' as it reminded him of his late mother Princess Diana. He went on to include AC/DC's 'Thunderstruck', which he suggested helped him start his Monday mornings on the right foot. DON'T MISS:Royal Family: Meghan and Harry snubbed over invite [REVEALED]Archie Harrison's surname caused heated royal row [LATEST]How Camilla slapped down 'pompous' Charles over gin and tonic demand [INSIGHT] William said: “There’s nothing better, when you’re a bit bleary-eyed after the weekend and trying to get yourself back into the grind of the week, than listening to Thunderstruck. “It absolutely wakes you up, puts your week in the best mood possible, and you feel like you can take on anything and anyone. … It’s a difficult song not to dance to or to nod along to.”