Yearly increases to the state pension are vital to ensure pensioners can maintain their spending power over time. However, some pensioners do not have the same rights as others. While pensioners who live in the UK receive a boost to their state pension every year, those who have moved overseas in retirement may see their pension frozen. This means as inflation pushes up the cost of living, people who have a frozen state pension lose money in real terms every year. The UK Government only increases the state pension in certain overseas countries, and there are estimated to be more than half a million people who receive a frozen state pension. Expats who live in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and other countries do not receive an increase in their UK state pension each year. READ MORE: Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month – 'anyone can do it’ This is important for people to be aware of before they make a decision to move abroad in retirement, especially if they are expecting to be heavily reliant on their state pension. The next state pension increase will come into effect from April 11, 2022. At this time, the state pension will rise by 3.1 percent. The state pension only increases in select countries, including those in the European Economic Area (EEA). DON'T MISSMartin Lewis warns cheapest energy fix is WORSE than price cap - bills to hit £2,800 [WARNING]State pension fury as Rishi Sunak advised to raise entitlement age to unprecedented high [REACTION]Britons on low incomes can get a cash boost worth £1,200 - are you eligible? [INSIGHT] The nations in the EEA are as follows: The British state pension also increases each year in countries which have a social security agreement with the UK. This means expats living in the following countries will get a yearly increase: The UK does have a social security agreement with Canada and New Zealand, but British pensioners do not get a state pension boost in those countries. Those living in Gibraltar and Switzerland also get an increase to their state pension each year. From April 11, the full new state pension will increase from a weekly value of £179.60 up to £185.15. Meanwhile the full basic state pension will increase from £137.60 to £141.85.