Chelsie Whibley died at the age of 29 after she was rushed to hospital yesterday. The CBBC actress had been battling cystic fibrosis - a genetic disorder that causes sticky mucus to build up in the lungs and digestive system. Chelsie was taken to Southampton General Hospital and died around 2.45pm. Her family has paid tribute as they announced the tragic news of her death. Chelsie’s husband, Glyn, 33, released a statement explaining that the late actress' health had worsened and had to be rushed to hospital after becoming unresponsive. Glynn stressed that his wife had not been in any pain prior to her death as he asked to “limit” the messages of condolence sent to him. He wrote: "I’m afraid this is the hardest thing I have ever had to write. “This morning Chelsie took a rapid turn for the worse and became unresponsive. “She was rushed to Southampton General Hospital. “It is with deepest regret that I have to inform everyone that our dearest beautiful Chelsie sadly passed away this afternoon at 2.45pm.” Chelsie’s devastated husband continued: “It was very quick and she was not in any pain. “I know you will all want to send your condolences but we ask to please limit it to comments below in this very distressing time. “To my gorgeous inspiration wife, we will love you always.” Chelsie had previously been ordered to shield during the coronavirus pandemic as she was a high-risk patient. DON'T MISS...Bruce Willis' wife thanks fans as actor 'sells off property empire' [UPDATE]A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman tried for another baby [EXCLUSIVE]Monty Don bids farewell to Gardeners' World colleague [LATEST] She was at risk of becoming severely ill if she contracted Covid-19. Chelsie had spoken out on her wish to be able to see her family and friends after the coronavirus lockdown. The CBBC star admitted she did not know how much time she had and that not being able to see her loved ones “broke” her. She said: "It feels like even more time is being taken away from me. “It’s just heartbreaking beyond words. “I know that seeing my friends and family is too dangerous and it could be enough to tip my body over the edge. “But on the other hand, I don’t know how much time I have and it breaks me knowing I can’t see them," Chelsie told The Sun. Chelsie was known for her roles in CBBC shows Dani’s House and Sadie J.