The Repair Shop received a visit from guest Hannah whose stuffed friend Snowy needed some tender love and care after helping her through a tough time in her life.  Julie Tatchell and Amanda Middleditch had the pressure of restoring this stuffed animal to its former glory while trying to keep some of its original and now damaged features.    The childhood item was given to Hannah by her mother when she was a "screaming three-week-old baby". Having tried "everything," Hannah retold the story that her mother shared with her and said: "She had a eureka moment, and she said the minute she gave him to me I calmed down." She added: "It didn't matter any other toy that I had, any other thing, Snowy stayed with me for life." Julie pointed out the toy's "calming" ability, and the owner opened up about how her life "changed forever" when she was 17. Read More: Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos now?  Hannah has Ehlers-Danlos syndrome and described: "[It was] a very dark time and a very lonely time for the first few years as we didn't know what was wrong with me." Her condition consists of a group of conditions that cause very flexible joints and stretchy and fragile skin. Noticing the years of wear and tear on Snowy and the possible workload it would lead to for the pair, the repairers wanted to know more about the sweet animal teddy. Coming to terms with her conditions and how they impacted her life, she added: "He was the one thing in my life that represented a level of normality. "Because he was the one constant that wasn't upsetting, that wasn't painful, that was just always there." Despite being "adorable," it wasn't until the pair took little Snowy to the workshop that they noticed his damaged state. Examining the item, Julie said: "I don't think I've ever met such a loved seal as Snowy." However, there was little time to stop and appreciate him, and she continued: "We have got a lot of work to do, though." DON’T MISS…Dan Walker quits BBC Breakfast as he lands hosting role on Channel 5  [LATEST]'I'm going to get roasted' University Challenge finalists despair over drag slang round [LATEST]Derry Girls writer claims Brexiteers 'didn't know what they were voting for' [LATEST] "Just a tad," Amanda replied. On further inspection, Julie continued: "There is so much damage and frailty here, I think we are looking at complete lining, and this eye is extremely damaged..." Snowy had to be washed, unstuffed and resewn due to the level of damage. Working away on the little arctic animal, Julie commented: "We have the challenge of returning Snowy to a recognisable seal pup for Hannah without changing him. "So we can't put on new fur, we can't cover him, all of those things would take away from his character.   "All our work has to be done from inside, really, so it's quite a challenge." More issues came in the stuffing process as they had to avoid "distorting" him while working with the thin original fabric. Lucky for Hannah, the experts had experience with this type of restoration and enjoyed the process. After the reveal, a teary-eyed Hannah said: "Oh wow... he feels like he is not going to fall apart." She concluded: "I feel just amazed really." The Repair Shop is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.