Charles Leclerc could surpass Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso's race win totals for Ferrari, should the Scuderia's early-season dominance continue throughout 2022. And with three more years of an engine freeze ahead, the Monegasque driver is potentially on track to become the iconic team's all-time best. Leclerc's comfortable triumph in Sunday's Australian Grand Prix was his fourth career win and second in three race weekends this term. He also came out on top in March's Bahrain curtain-raiser but fell short in a battle with Max Verstappen in Saudi Arabia the following week. Six more race wins this year would place him amongst illustrious company in Italian racing folklore, with only seven others recording 10 or more race wins for Ferrari. But with 20 of the 23 races left, if Ferrari continue at their current pace, there is no reason Leclerc won't be aiming for more. The 24-year-old would go level with Niki Lauda on 15 wins if he triumphs 11 more times this season - a feat he could comfortable achieve if the Prancing Horse maintain their sensational pace. That tally would also see him surpass Vettel's 14 wins. The Aston Martin driver is third in the list of most successful Ferrari drivers ever. JUST IN: Mercedes and Red Bull title odds rated by ex-boss after early setbacks Alberto Ascari won 13 times in the iconic red car, and eight more P1 finishes before the end of the campaign would see Leclerc leapfrog both Felipe Massa and Alonso (11). Six more race wins this season for Leclerc would see him level Kimi Raikkonen's tally, but none of the above-mentioned drivers compare to the Scuderia's top dog. Once Leclerc inevitably surpasses Lauda - an incredible statement in itself - his focus would turn towards the one and only Michael Schumacher. The German icon, widely considered the best driver to ever grace an F1 track, won 72 races for Ferrari, just two fewer than the other names with 10-plus wins combined. READ MORE: Charles Leclerc's reality check despite skills to match Verstappen Given he's currently 68 victories away, it seems a long shot - a very long shot - but hear me out. The F1-75's power could just be the start of an era of dominance for Ferrari and Leclerc at the summit of their respective standings in F1. Of course, Mercedes and Red Bull are capable of catching up, which would slow the process. However, the impressive Ferrari engine is here to stay for another three years; consider how many race wins Leclerc could accumulate in that time. It wouldn't be bold to suggest he will be clear of Lauda by the end of next season, but just how close he can get to Schumacher's almighty record is a longer-term mission.