The Royal Family has several famous dukes among its ranks, including the Queen's sons Prince Charles and Prince Andrew, who are the Duke of Cornwall and Duke of York respectively. Two of the Queen's grandsons also hold a Dukedom, including Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex. But among a sea of royal Dukes, Prince Edward, the Queen's youngest son, is a notable exception, as he is titled the Earl of Wessex.  Prince Edward married Sophie Rhys-Jones in 1999 at St George's Chapel, and they have since been known as the Earl and Countess of Wessex. The allocation of a new title when a Royal Family member gets married has been commonplace over the Queen's reign, with Prince Andrew, Prince William and Prince Harry all receiving new titles to mark their marriages. In this vein, the Queen bestowed the Earldom of Wessex on Edward to mark his upcoming nuptials.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle paints on Ukraine flag UPSIDE DOWN in Invictus gaffe And according to reports, Edward chose the Earldom himself because he liked the character of Lord Wessex in the film Shakespeare in Love. The news Edward would become the first child of a monarch to receive an Earldom in centuries shocked many, as royal commentators thought Edward would likely receive either the Dukedom of Cambridge or the Dukedom of Sussex. But it was agreed that Edward would be an Earl, with the proviso that one day he would become the next Duke of Edinburgh, the title held by Prince Philip for more than seven decades. Edward has been heavily involved with his late father's flagship Duke of Edinburgh's Award initiative throughout his royal career.  When Prince Philip died in April 2021, his titles passed to Prince Charles as his eldest son, but when he takes the throne as King, these titles will be vacant again. Charles will likely appoint his elder son Prince William as the new Prince of Wales when he is King, and it is thought Charles will give his brother Edward the Duke of Edinburgh title. There has been some speculation that Charles may wish to reserve the title for another royal, and it could theoretically be given to Prince George or Prince Louis in the future as they are high in the line of succession. DON'T MISS:Queen's health: How sleep, diet and exercise keep her young at heart [INSIGHT]Can you watch Prince Harry's NBC TODAY interview in the UK? [EXPLAINER] How Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie spent Easter [ANALYSIS] But as it was the wish of his late father and the Queen, Charles is likely to honour this and award Edward the title. According to The Sun, Dickie Arbiter, former press secretary to the Queen, said last year: “That Prince Edward will become The Duke of Edinburgh in the next reign was his father’s and is his mother’s wishes and Prince Charles won’t go against those. “It won’t happen immediately, but by 2029, when Edward turns 65, it will. “Time for speculation, without substance, to cease.”  As the son of the Queen, Prince Edward was born as His Royal Highness The Prince Edward. Since his marriage, Edward is officially styled as His Royal Highness The Earl of Wessex, and he was also given the subsidiary title of Viscount Severn which his son James now uses. Edward was also given the title of Earl of Forfar by the Queen in 2019, which he uses while in Scotland. 