The first round of the French parliamentary elections for the 577 seats in the legislative assembly begin on June 12 this year, with the absence of a majority making it difficult for a President to pass legislation. Though Marine Le Pen lost the Presidential election, she seemed determined in her post-result speech to erect a strong opposition bloc in parliament, with other candidates hoping to force cohabitation, whereby a Prime Minister takes control of the government external to Emmanuel Macron.    GB News reporter Paul Hawkins said: “In a couple of months, [France] is going to have parliamentary elections, the legislative assembly. Our equivalent of the House of Commons, they're going to go to the polls on that. “There’s 577 seats in the French parliament and at the moment, Macron controls 263. To get an absolute majority you need 289. “So for the last five years, they’ve been doing little deals, legislation by legislation, to get their stuff over the line. “But what they’re saying is that the forecast says that it is going to be smashed. A snap poll yesterday after the election result came out said 63 percent of the electorate want Macron to lose his majority in parliament.    “This means that, for the next five years, it’s going to be very difficult for him to get things done. “And he’s probably going to have to nominate a Prime Minister, who is the head of government, to come from another party. “So, in France, they call that situation cohabitation, which means, effectively, that he’s going to have a Prime Minister from another party. He’s not going to get everything done that he wants to like, for example, raising the retirement age in France to 65. “Really controversial, alienated a lot of left-wing support. He’s talking about maybe a halfway house, raising it to 64 for example, but it’s going to be very difficult for Emmanuel Macron for the next five years.” READ MORE: ‘Relieved’ Biden congratulates Macron for ‘defending democracy’ [REVEAL]  Emmanuel Macron became the first French President to retain office while holding executive power of the country. Since the establishment of the Fifth Republic in 1958, no President has won a second term without cohabiting, whereby a Prime Minister from an opposing party has to be employed to shore up an absence of parliamentary majority. But the prospect of cohabitation appears more likely, with polls suggesting that the upcoming parliamentary elections could spell disaster for the current head of state. Ms Le Pen was defiant in defeat, suggesting that “it’s not over” and pledging to “continue my commitment to France and the French” through Parliament. DON'T MISS: ‘Poorly elected!’ Macron’s opponents refuse to accept defeat [REPORT] Protesters hit streets and start 'savage' chant against Macron [REVEAL] Emmanuel Macron picks up first call from Olaf Scholz [REVEAL]   There will be two rounds of parliamentary elections, akin to the Presidential election, with the first round due to start on June 12 and the second exactly a week later. The French public will cast votes for deputies, the equivalent of MPs in the UK, from all parties on June 12, then decide between any candidates who received more than 12.5 percent in the first round. If any candidate receives more than 50 percent of the vote in their constituency in the first round, they are automatically the victor and there will be no second round. Should Mr Macron’s liberal party fail to secure enough seats, legislative changes will be considerably more difficult.   