  BBC Radio 2 fans noticed Zoe Ball’s absence from the airwaves yesterday. The presenter arrived late only to go home less than an hour later, but revealed the cause was a car accident, which occurred on the way to work, that had left her shaken up.    Zoe, 51, had a road scare yesterday when one of her tyres went flat. Returning to host BBC Radio 2 this morning at 6.30am, Zoe told listeners she was in a state of “delayed shock” before realising she needed to go home. Zoe was left shaken up after the incident on the A3 yesterday and has since apologised for any “damage” caused to the road. She also thanked travel reporter Richie Anderson for stepping in to host the show.      She told listeners this morning: “My good news is I've made it into work on time and in one piece. “I've not torn up the gantry on the A3 this morning, apologies for the damage. “I am planning on staying for the whole show. But it does go to show you never can tell. “Thanks so much to Richie and Ken for masterfully holding the show together yesterday.     “Thanks for your kind messages. I had a bit of an incident and I think I had a little bit of delayed shock. All good now though.” Yesterday afternoon, Zoe shed some light on the situation after fans became concerned. Taking to Twitter, she apologised to her 395,400 followers, writing: “Apologies for this morning gang, tyre went on the way in to work. “I was so keen not miss the show, dashed in and hadn't quite realised the effect it'd had on me.      “I'm ok. Thanks for the lovely messages. Big thanks to Richie and Ken for stepping in. Will be back tomorrow xx,” she assured fans. Richie had previously attributed Zoe’s late star to a “flat tyre”, but fans were confused when she later dropped off the airwaves again due to her “not feeling well”. At 6.30am yesterday morning, the travel reporter told listeners: “Sorry if I’ve given you the shock of your life. Quite obviously, I am not Zoe Ball. It is me, Richie Anderson, hello, and I have some news to share. “They’ve finally given me the Radio 2 Breakfast Show. Hurrah! It’s what we’ve always wanted. This is for us!”     He then added: “No, I’m joking - Zoe Ball has a flat tyre, but she’s on her way.” Zoe arrived to take over at 6.54am and addressed fans 10 minutes later, saying: “Morning gang, sorry for being late. Bit of a drama on a Monday morning, nothing like that to start you off on your week. Richie, what a star.” However, it seemed Richie wasn’t finished filling in for Zoe, as he was back on the microphone at 7.47am, without providing an explanation for where Zoe had suddenly gone. It wasn’t until 8.05am that the presenter said: “It’s me, Richie Anderson and I’m in because Zoe’s not feeling too well unfortunately, so she’s had to go home.” The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show airs weekdays from 6.30am on BBC Radio 2.   