A group of Just Stop Oil activists vandalised a Cobham Shell petrol station. One Just Stop Oil protestor called Louise, explained to the press why she was smashing petrol pumps and protesting. The 23-year-old explained that she did not want to be protesting but the UK Government's lack of response made her do so. The activist group has been grabbing headlines in the UK for the past two months with their disruptive antics. The group is closely linked with the controversial climate change activism group, Extinction Rebellion. Members of Just Sop Oil smashed the glass on petrol pumps and blocked access to the garage, despite police attending and dragging some away. Activist Louise told GB News: Hi I'm Louise I'm 23 and I'm doing this because currently, the Government doesn't care. "About our lack of futures, the inaction on the emergency which is the climate crisis is literally going to destroy lives. "In the next ten to 20 years, there's going to be mass crop failure mass drought, mass starvation. "And because they're doing nothing we are forced to cause disruption to make them listen. "I don't want to be here this is not what I choose to do with my time, but I feel like I've run out of options."  JUST IN: Tory frontbencher left open-mouthed by Labour council’s £27k EU flag bill     A press release from Just Stop Oil gave a voice to some of those protesting at the Shell garage on the M25. 22-year-old student, Nathan McGovern from Coventry said: “The world’s most vulnerable are dying from a fossil-fuelled nightmare right now, whilst our government proposes to drill for more oil and gas. "I refuse to stand by and watch as heatwaves and drought murder people across the global South and families in the UK are forced to choose between eating and heating. If politicians and bureaucrats refuse to act then it falls on ordinary people to do what they will not.” 34-year-old charity project coordinator, Stephanie Golder said: “I’m sick and tired of being treated like a criminal for standing up for what is right. The real criminals are those refusing to act on the climate emergency, it’s truly genocidal for our government to give new licences for oil exploration. “The poorest in this country need help with their energy bills now. But instead, the government’s energy strategy fails to mention energy-saving measures such as insulation and instead prioritises a ‘plan’ which puts us on a fast track for climate chaos.” The activist organisation boasted that 35 of its supporters took part in today's demonstration.    READ MORE:'Anti-Brexit' Joe Biden is 'eating his words' as 'powerful' Boris 'putting US to shame' Social media users took to Twitter to react to Just Stop Oil's latest disruption demonstration. @BobSlat0748126 said: "Jail time plus seizures of all their assets to pay for damage if they have no money give them extra time in jail. Damages should include any expenses ect to traders and members of the public who lost out due to their actions."  @NormanSufrin said: "So what they’ve done is stopped good, honest hardworking people from being able to get fuel to do their jobs? @pritipatel @grantshapps "This needs dealing with and fast. People have had enough of having their lives disrupted. If it’s not a lack of availability of fuel…" @Alison_Stewart15 said: "take it she walks everywhere and never uses any vehicles that require petrol or diesel. Also only wears clothes made out of natural fibres, like cotton.