Julian Nagelsmann has no interest in leaving Bayern Munich to take charge of Manchester United ahead of next season, according to reports. The Red Devils are currently on the lookout for a permanent successor to current interim boss Ralf Rangnick, who is expected to move into a two-year consultancy role at the end of the season. Erik Ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino have been heavily linked with the vacancy at Old Trafford in recent months, with the former having already been interviewed by United chiefs during the recent international break. Nagelsmann is also said to have been noted as a potential target after performing well in his first season at Bayern, but it seems as though there is little to no chance of the 34-year-old joining United in advance of next season.Nagelsmann has already made it clear that he would not be interested in swapping Germany for England this summer, according to Miguel Delaney's newsletter by The Independent. It is claimed that United have already investigated whether he would be available at the end of the season through back channels but have been informed in no uncertain terms that 'the answer is no'.The Bayern boss remains tied down to his current employers until 2026 after penning a five-year deal upon leaving his post at RB Leipzig last summer. He is widely regarded as one of the most promising coaches in European football but United will seemingly be forced to look elsewhere in their efforts to source Rangnick's permanent replacement over the coming months. JUST IN: Paul Merson raises Man Utd next manager worry over Bruno Fernandes Luis Enrique of Spain has been put forward as another potential option for the Red Devils, although such a move would appear unlikely given the 51-year-old's international commitments ahead of this year's World Cup. The situation leaves Ten Hag and Pochettino as the standout contenders for the United job, with the former refusing to rule out the possibility of taking charge of the club when quizzed on the matter this week."My focus is currently only on Ajax, but in football you never know," he told Sport1. "I don't want to rule anything out. I'm currently employed here at Ajax to perform."With the cup final against Eindhoven, we still have eight finals left, and I need all my energy for that. Anything else would just be a distraction. "I know that in football everything can change from one day to the next. If at some point I should decide to take the next step, I hope that people here will understand."Everyone knows each other in the industry. There are always talks with representatives from other clubs, that's normal. Manchester United is a great club with great fans."But I can only repeat myself, my full focus is completely on Ajax. We are already planning for the new season." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here