A cool cola in the garden is the perfect remedy for a hot summer's day – in more ways than one. While it's no secret that this soda is enjoyed by green-thumbed enthusiasts everywhere, it is less known that your garden is partial to a little fizz, too. Those looking to upgrade their composting at home, this surprising yet simple technique will lead to a healthier pile that will boost your plant's health. Garden compost can take between six months and two years to reach maturity. However, Jason White, founder and CEO of All about gardening explained that adding some cola into the compost heap will “jumpstart” the process of breaking it down. He said: “It might seem like the last item to be useful in the garden, but a cola drink actually has its uses. “This is because the acid in the cola drink assists and boosts the composting process of the pile, while the sugar in the drink attracts microorganisms which are helpful in accelerating the breakdown process.” READ MORE: Gardening: Household drinks as a ‘great alternative’ to weed killers Jason isn't exclusive in his support for this unconventional gardening tip. Tom Hilton, the managing director of National Greenhouse, similarly notes the benefits of adding cola to compost heaps. He said: “When adding cola to your compost heap, you don't need to worry about it being flat. “A can of cola will do for a square foot compost pile to break down the brown and green materials quickly. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to ‘easily’ clean oven glass ‘properly’ - ‘no scrubbing’ [COMMENT]Garden pests: How to ‘effectively’ get rid of ants ‘within a week’ [TIPS]Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [EXPERT] “You just simply pour it over the pile once a week and watch your heap decompose in a speedy fashion.” Once the pile has been created, many gardeners opt to add manure to it. Just as with coke, it will help kickstart the composting process as it provides essential nitrogen. Turning the heap helps to add air and is “necessary for composting to occur”, according to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS). The heap should also be kept moist in dry weather and turning it will help to assess the moisture level. Gardening experts at Gardening Know How are also all for using cola in compost heaps. They said: “The sugars in cola attract the microorganisms needed to jump start the breaking down process, while the acids in the drink assist. “Cola really does boost the composting process. Pouring cola into the garden soil around these plants will reduce the soil pH.” Alongside the benefits of adding cola to compost heaps, Chris Bonnett, founder of Gardening Express adds that it's a secret weed killer too. So those looking for ways to get rid of weeds, this could be the solution. Its sweetness and sugars mean that it's a great natural booster. However, when using cola on places like the driveway, Chris adds that this tip comes with a warning as it can stick to the hard surface and attract bugs.