Many vulnerable people are worried sick about how they can pay their soaring bills, making it a “total nightmare for millions”. Household energy prices have soared 54 percent on average, with similar increases predicted from October as analysts estimate average bills could rise to more than £3,000 a year. Many older and disabled people were already struggling before the price rise. Pensions and benefits have not increased to match price rises and inflation. Campaigning group Silver Voices said many older people are bracing themselves for further rises in autumn – when the price cap is readjusted – with many switching off their heating for good. Director Dennis Reed said: “They are going to be spending their final years shivering because they can’t afford to heat their houses.” Caroline Abrahams, charity director at Age UK, said: “The scale of these price rises is totally unprecedented and a nightmare for millions of pensioners. “Worried older people are contacting us daily – many of them are already cutting back and have no other savings to make." “Their budgets just won’t stretch to cover the steep rises they are facing.” The Government’s Business Energy and Industrial Strategy spokesperson said: “We recognise the pressures people are facing with the cost of living, which is why we have a £22billion package of support, including a £150 council tax rebate this month and a £200 energy bill discount in October to cut energy bills quickly for the majority of households. “We are also expanding the eligibility for the Warm Home Discount, which will provide around three million low-income and vulnerable households across England and Wales with a £150 rebate on their energy bills this winter.”  £200 discount on bills this autumn and a £150 non-repayable reduction in Council Tax bills through the £9billion Energy Bills Rebate  Up to £300 in Winter Fuel Payments to recipients of the State Pension  £140 contribution to electricity bills for low-income households under the Warm Home Discount scheme  £25 a week for poorer households when the temperature is consistently below zero through Cold Weather Payments  The most vulnerable can get additional help with essential costs through the £500million Household Support Fund  Expansion of the Energy Company Obligation to accelerate efforts to improve homes to meet fuel poverty targets. For more information visit: gov.uk/government/news/energy-efficiency-what-you-need-to-know