  Comedian Ricky Gervais, 60, took to Twitter on Sunday to address his 14.7 million followers in a live Q&A session. During the video, Ricky told his fans there was “no justification” for Will Smith’s actions at the Oscars, adding that “gentle” Chris Rock only weighs “about 140 pounds”.   On March 27, viewers were shocked when Will struck Chris across the face live on the Oscars stage after the comedian made a joke about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith. During his Q&A session on Sunday, Ricky was asked what his first reaction was to the slap. “I was annoyed, I was really annoyed,” Ricky replied, before elaborating on his point moments later. “The main thing for me was: totally unnecessary,” he said. “There was no justification.”      “That annoyed me when people were saying, ‘Oh he deserved it. You shouldn’t tell jokes about people’.” Ricky shrugged and shook his head incredulously before continuing: “I blocked someone the other day for saying, ‘No, words are violent too’. “No they’re not, no. Violence is violence. Words aren’t violence. Anyone who tries to say that any freedom of speech justifies violence… that’s what f***ing leads to terrorism.” “The main thing about it was - whatever his justification, whether you think he deserved it, whether you think words are violence or any of that - Chris Rock weighs about 140 pounds.     “He’s the most gentle man, you know? So, those are my thoughts.” Earlier on, Ricky made reference to Will’s thought process, insisting: “I don’t want to talk about it too much because I don’t know what’s going on in his life. “I don’t know why he did it. No one knows why he did it. He’s got issues. “I mean, obviously, it was double shocking that it happened at the Oscars with everyone in tuxedos.      “Of course, you see that thing in bars on a Saturday night but not the most privileged people on the planet slapping each other.” It comes after Will shocked his fellow celebrities and audiences at home when he slapped Chris on stage for making a  joke about his wife Jada. Chris’ joke referenced Jada’s decision to shave her head, which she had previously admitted felt “heartbreaking” for her to do, and was due to her alopecia diagnosis. Referencing the 1997 action film G.I. Jane, starring Demi Moore, who shaved her head for the role, Chris quipped: “Jada, I love you. G.I. Jane 2, can’t wait to see you.”      The comment resulted in Will walking up to the stage and striking the presenter in the face, before returning to his seat and yelling: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f*****g mouth.” Following the blow from Will, Chris attempted to regain his composure and said: “Wow, Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me. “That was the greatest night in the history of television.” Chris decided not to press charges against Will and has since admitted that he is “still processing” what happened.   