According to Gardeners’ World, aloes need little watering because it stores water in its leaves. Being a succulent, it is well-used to hot areas of the world and makes for an “excellent” plant for beginners. The experts shared top tips on how to grow and care for the houseplant as well as how to identify what is wrong with it. Gardeners’ World said: “Aloe vera is also known as the first aid plant, as its sap is used to soothe burns, scalds, sunburn, skin irritations and insect bites. Cut away a leaf at the base, cut down its length and rub the sap directly on to skin. “Aloes look look on their own but combine really well with other succulents and cacti in a bright spot. “In summer, you can put your aloe outside. It may produce a yellow tubular flower, but it’s mostly grown for its attractive shape.” Like all succulents, they can also show “common signs” that they are struggling, through the colour of their leaves. READ MORE: How to clean greasy ovens for ‘25p in less than 30 minutes’ According to Gardeners’ World, red leaves indicate the plant is getting too much direct sunlight. If this happens, it should be moved to a bright spot that is out of direct sun. They added: “Wrinkled leaves are a sign that your plant is very short of water. Water lightly over a period of a few days, and mist the leaves. “Don’t saturate the compost, aloes do not not enjoy sitting in cold, wet compost. DON'T MISS:Steps to achieve a ‘lush lawn’ by summer - ‘perfect time’ [COMMENT]Lighting tips that could add thousands onto the value of your home [INSIGHT]‘Virtually indestructible’ houseplants which ‘can’t be killed’ [EXPERT] “Pale or yellow leaves could mean that your aloe has been overwatered, or it isn’t getting enough light. “Brown or mushy leaves are due to overwatering. “You may notice scale insects on the leaves, they look like brown blobs, about five millimetre long. Remove with a cotton pad soaked in organic insecticide.” They need a bright spot to thrive in and must be watered sparingly. Owners can water when the top few centimetres of compost have dried out, allowing any excess to drain away fully. During the winter months, Aloe vera’s should not be watered at all. The experts continued: “A terracotta pot is ideal for an aloe vera, it is porous, so allows the soil to dry out between watering. “Ensure that it has a drainage hole. “Choose a pot that’s the same size as the root ball. Use houseplant or cactus compost, or ordinary peat-free multi-purpose compost with some horticultural grit or perlite added. “You could top the compost with a layer of grit too, this will keep the base of the plant dry and will prevent it rotting.” A bright windowsill or shelf is the “ideal spot” for an aloe vera. It can take a little to direct sunshine, although too much can burn the leaves, causing it to die. The succulent is very slow growing and so may not need to be repotted for up to three years. Spring is often the best time to repot houseplants, as they re-enter their growing season. This time of year is also when owners should start feeding their aloes. Gardeners’ World said: “Feed every couple of months from April to September with a weak plant food. “Wipe the leaves occasionally to prevent dust building up.” This can also help the plant to grow.