Mr Markle sat down with journalist Dan Wootton to discuss his daughter Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. The grandfather of Lilibet and Archie remained hopeful about meeting his grandchildren for the first time. Queen Elizabeth's Jubilee is set to take place at the beginning of June this year, Mr Makle has expressed that he would like to attend the ceremony and meet with the Royal Family. He claimed that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex not bringing the children to meet the queen made no sense at all. Mr Markle called the actions of his daughter and Prince Harry "very rude". Mr Markle told GB News: "Not bringing the children is like another slap in the face to the Queen. "It was very rude and the wrong thing to do and it makes no sense at all. "And the other thing is not seeing these children makes no sense at all, as well. "So I hear again, I don't know whether it's Meghan or whether it's Harry.  JUST IN: Boris urged to overrule Northern Ireland protocol with new law - Brexit POLL Mr Markle added: "The Queen should have every right to see her great-grandchildren. "And I should have the right to see my grandchildren, so if they show up I hope they bring the kids." There is still much speculation surrounding the possibility of Meghan and Harry making an appearance at the Jubilee ceremony. The deputy editor of The Daily Telegraph, Camilia Tominey commented on the return of Harry and Meghan for the ceremony on LBC Ms Tominey said: “A celebration of the Queen’s 70 years on the throne should not be the Harry and Meghan show.”  READ MORE: Druzhba explosion: Russian oil depot engulfed in flames following 'multiple explosions'      Many Brits have also been wondering if Prince Andrew will make another grand appearance at this royal event since his sex scandal has now been quashed. Former Xfactor judge and wife of legendary rocker Ozzy Osbourne, Sharron Osbourne sat down on Talk TV to discuss the possibility of Prince Andrew coming to the Jubilee, and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Ms Osbourne added: "I think that Andrew is an utter disgrace to the Royal Family. Ms Osbourne added: "And as far as Harry and Meghan go, they wanted to leave, which is their choice which is absolutely fine. Military historian Christopher Joll uttered a similar sentiment as Mr Osbourne. "That creates several problems one of which is if the Queen is determined that Prince Andrew should be part of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations, his appearance at the memorial service on the arm of his mother would indicate that he is going to be part of it. 