Liz Storer claimed the “sooner we just forget these people even exist”, the better, after Prince Harry said that he had visited the Queen last Thursday in part to make sure she was “protected”. Ms Storer accused the Duke of Sussex of going from “one burning dumpster fire after another” since marrying Meghan Markle, including the "winge-fest" interview with Oprah Winfrey. Speaking to Sky News Australia, Ms Storer claimed Prince Harry’s lucrative deals with platforms such as Netflix, where he is saying “how bad his dad was for his mental health”, highlight the problems the Duchess of Sussex has caused the Royal Family. Ms Storer said: “The sooner we just forget these people even exist [the better]. It was only a year ago that this guy had this massive winge-fest on Oprah and was subsequently blasted from pillar to post. “He’s since gone on to a Netflix show on mental health and saying how bad his dad was for his mental health. “Now he’s saying America is home. Look, since this guy married the Yoko Ono of the Royal Family, it's just been one burning dumpster fire after another.”    Ms Storer was reacting to Prince Harry’s interview on NBC Today’s Show where he said that Her Majesty had been “on great form” when he saw her at Windsor Castle with Meghan. Prince Harry said: “It was great, it was just so nice to see her, she was on great form. "She’s always got a great sense of humour with me and I’m just making sure she’s protected and she’s got the right people around her.” The Duke added that “home for me, for the time being, is in the States”, to which the host Hoda Kotb smiled. READ MORE: Royal Family ranked: Where Harry and Meghan stand in latest ratings [REVEAL]   Royal biographer Angela Levin was among the first to criticise the interview, labelling it an “insult” to the Royal Family. She said: “I don’t see how you can stay away from somebody for over a year and not go to the memorial service for her husband — and then pretend that you know better how to look after her than anyone else. “I think it’s an insult to Prince Charles, Prince William and their partners who have done so much to help the Queen.” Dickie Arbiter, former press secretary to the Queen, said that he believed the monarchy would have felt “let down” by the details of their meeting being made public, The Times reported. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'pushed out' Royal Family to stop clas [REVEAL] Inside Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s Montecito mansion [INSIGHT]Harry slammed by palace insiders as Charles 'furious' [REPORT]   The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are currently in The Hague, Netherlands, to host the Invictus Games. Ahead of the Queen’s 96th birthday today, Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer wondered whether the pair might visit the monarch at Sandringham. He questioned whether, since family and friends are rumoured to be visiting the Norfolk estate, it could be an opportunity to “mend fences” between the family. The query follows Prince Harry telling NBC Today that he and the Queen enjoy “a really special relationship”. He said: “We have a really special relationship, we talk about things that she can't talk about with anybody else.”   