Author Michael Rosen was surprised on Good Morning Britain when he met Beth who wrote in his coronavirus diary during his time in hospital during the pandemic. Kate Garraway knew Michael was in a hospital bed not far from Derek and was keen to find out if Beth had also nursed her husband. When the nurse confirmed she would have cared for him, the ITV host was overcome with emotion and asked to hug her. Kate remarked: “You cared for Michael and Derek I think, I found out was two beds away. Did you care for him?” “I would have done yeah,” Beth replied, with Kate and co-host Richard Bacon stunned. Kate told her: “Thank you so much by the way. Thank you so much.” “We did everything we could,” Beth reassured the host. “We put our all into it.” READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ “Thank you so much,” Kate continued. “That is amazing. Gosh I feel quite… I don’t know if I can leap up and hug you but I’m going to. “Are we allowed to? We’re allowed to hug now aren’t we?” As she was told it was fine to embrace, she stood up and hugged Beth continuing thank her. Kate repeated: “Thank you so much, that’s amazing,” as Beth told her: “That’s OK.” Richard remarked: “Even just sitting here witnessing this is overwhelming. “We’ve got Beth saying we did everything we could for Derek, the fact they were two beds away.” Good Morning Britain viewers were quick to comment on the emotional moment with Rebecca Dundon writing on Twitter: “I teared up.” Geraldine Mason added: “That was a beautiful moment.” DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway sparks uproar over 'patronising' refugee interview [REACTION]Garraway erupts at Scully defending Johnson as he mentions Derek [VIDEO]Rayner squirms as Kate Garraway challenges Rwanda scheme opposition [WATCH] “Beautiful and stunning to view such a heart felt moment on live TV,” Phil Newport tweeted. Jen B shared: “Not a dry eye here, so emotional,” while Alex Kiddo posted: “Give her a prize for gods sake.” The sweet moment came after Michael read out a diary entry from Beth after she spent the day caring for him in intensive care. He began: “Dear Michael, my name is Beth and I’m the nurse who has been looking after you overnight. “I normally work at Great Ormond Street looking after children but have been moved here to look after adults. “So I call you guys big children. You’ve done really well overnight. You’ve started to move a little bit, which is excellent. “Hope you continue this great progress. You’ve got this! “Look forward to meeting you when you wake up. You wrote my favourite book, We’re All Going On A Bear Hunt. All the best.” Moments later, Michael came face to face with Beth and was stunned to meet one of the people who cared for him. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.