Mikel Arteta needs to make changes fast or Arsenal's top four hopes will disappear in front of their eyes. And he may need to drop Emile Smith Rowe and Alexandre Lacazette and return to a 4-2-3-1 formation in order to get things back on track. Three defeats in four Premier League matches has put a huge dent in the Gunners' hopes of qualifying for the Champions League for the first time since 2016. The performance at Crystal Palace was unacceptable but failing to bounce back against a Brighton side who were winless in seven was even worse. Arsenal have tough fixtures against Chelsea, Manchester United and Tottenham to come over the next month. Those matches are quickly becoming 'must win' rather than 'do not lose'. Southampton are up next for Arsenal this Saturday and Arteta must make changes, both with his line-up and how he tactically sets up his team, with Smith Rowe and Lacazette in the firing line to be dropped. Granit Xhaka started at left-back on Saturday but that cannot happen again. READ MORE: Gary Neville and Roy Keane agreed as duo pick title winner between Liverpool and City  Arteta had already lost an experienced midfielder in Thomas Partey due to injury, so moving Xhaka out of the middle of the park was the wrong decision. Arteta has played a 4-3-3 formation of late, with Partey the deeper-lying player in the midfield three. But the Ghanaian's absence should see a return to a 4-2-3-1. Albert Sambi Lokonga struggled on his own against Brighton and needs Xhaka alongside him. Martin Odegaard can then occupy the No 10 role. Smith Rowe may have to miss out due to the tactical change. He is the club's leading goalscorer in the Premier League this season but Arsenal's fine run before their recent slip-up saw him start most matches on the bench. DON'T MISSMan Utd forward Mason Greenwood confronted by supporter as police investigation continues [NEWS]Ian Wright names Arsenal's biggest problem as Spurs tipped to beat Gunners to top four [QUOTES]Erik ten Hag ‘close to deciding on Man Utd job’ with three assurances key [GOSSIP]  Arteta could bring Nuno Tavares into the team to replace Smith Rowe and play at left-back, with Xhaka moving back to midfield. However, if Arteta does not trust the young Portuguese ace then he could move Bukayo Saka into that position and bring Nicolas Pepe in on the right-hand side. A second player Arteta needs to drop is Lacazette. The Frenchman has now gone over 19 hours of Premier League football without scoring. Both he and Eddie Nketiah are out of contract at the end of the season. Nketiah is not a favourite with Arsenal supporters but he could do no worse than Lacazette right now.  The England under-21 record goalscorer has looked more threatening in goal in his last two substitute appearances than Lacazette has done from the start. Nketiah hit the bar against both Palace and Brighton and perhaps deserves a chance to show what he can do. Lacazette looks off the pace and has struggled to link up play in recent matches - one thing he was excelling at earlier in the campaign. Arteta has to adopt these changes soon or can kiss goodbye to a successful end to the season.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here