It's said the thug fired several shots in the home in Wavertree, Liverpool, after entering the property looking for a particular individual. However, one of the shots struck a 50-year-old woman in the leg and she was dashed to hospital. The victim remains in hospital receiving treatment for non life-threatening injuries. But the assailant escaped on a motorbike with two other men, Liverpool Echo reports, and noone has been traced. Crime scene investigators are carrying out forensic examinations at the scene and house-to-house inquiries are underway. Officers are also looking at CCTV from the area to identify the shooter, who was not seen by the victim. Detective Inspector Laura Parr, of Merseyside Police, said: "The investigation is in its early stages and extensive work is underway to establish the circumstances surrounding the incident. A man had entered the property looking for someone and as the victim followed him out to the front door she was shot in the leg."Fortunately the victim's injuries are not life threatening, but she and her family are obviously distressed by the incident which took place at their home. Whilst I understand this is a shocking incident for the local community we believe that the address (not the victim) was targeted. "We have a large police presence in the area carrying out inquiries and I would encourage people to come forward and tell us what they know. I would ask anyone who was in the area just after midnight, who may have seen anyone acting suspiciously to contact us. "I would also urge anyone in the area who thinks they may have captured anything significant on their mobile phone, dashcam or Ring doorbell to contact us as a matter of urgency as footage they have could be vital to our investigation. We have increased patrols in the area following the incident and crime scene investigations are being carried out.  "Officers will also be reviewing CCTV footage in the area in a bid to identify the offenders. There is no room for guns on the streets of Merseyside and we will do everything within our power to ensure those responsible are brought to justice."