Boots is on a mission to bring customers better bargains and today, the high street store has announced a big change for its Advantage Card holders. Those with the loyalty card will be able to access lower prices on a bigger range of products - including online. For years, Boots Advantage Card holders have been trading loyalty points for money to spend in-store. Earlier this year, the highstreet store gave Advantage Card holders the chance to access their favourite products at exclusively lower prices with the launch of Price Advantage. It was initially launched with 150 products, but now Price Advantage is rolling out onto boots.com, making it easier for customers to access the great value Boots has to offer. In addition, the scheme has been extended to include over 300 additional products across categories including beauty, health and baby. READ MORE: Cost of living crisis: Exactly how much has your food bill risen? Boots Advantage Card holders who purchase products included in the scheme will see an average saving of £2.65 per product. Some products will have up to 50 percent off and savings as big as £17. When shopping in store, customers can identify products included in the Price Advantage offer via the bright pink stickers. They then need to present their Advantage Card when paying at the till for the discount to be applied straight away. When shopping online, customers need to ensure they are logged in to their account either via boots.com or the Boots app to claim the instant discount. DON'T MISS...Weight loss: Grapefruit contains antioxidant that ‘burns fat faster’ [RESEARCH]Prince Charles leaves Queen Letizia 'awkward’ with kiss on hand [BODY LANGUAGE]Aries weekly horoscope: Star sign to be patient for success in love [INSIGHT] Boots Advantage Card holders who purchase products included in the scheme will see an average saving of £2.65 per product. Some products will have up to 50 percent off and savings as big as £17. When shopping in store, customers can identify products included in the Price Advantage offer via the bright pink stickers. They then need to present their Advantage Card when paying at the till for the discount to be applied straight away. When shopping online, customers need to ensure they are logged in to their account either via boots.com or the Boots app to claim the instant discount. Pete Markey, Chief Marketing Officer at Boots UK said: “Price Advantage was born following customer feedback, with many telling us that they would like to receive immediate benefits through their Boots Advantage Card, as well as being able to save up points and treat themselves in the future. “The response from the store launch has been really positive which is why we are now making it more accessible by rolling out online and adding in more products.” The Boots Advantage Card continues to be one of the most generous on the high street. It currently offers four Advantage points for every £1 spent at Boots. These points then turn into money which can be used in store - each point is worth 1p in return. This means if you collect 100 points, you’d have £1 to spend, while 1,000 points are worth £10. Parents can also sign up to the Boots Parenting Club to redeem eight points for every £1 spent on baby products and two annual offers of 16 points per £1 spent. The Over 60s rewards scheme is available to anyone over 60 – offering eight points per £1 spent when buying Boots own brands and selected exclusives, including Liz Earle, No7 and Soap & Glory. The Price Advantage extension launches today online. In terms of what discounts can be expected, some products that are involved in the Price Advantage are: CeraVe Smoothing Cleanser 236ml - was £12, now £9 on Price Advantage No7 Stay Perfect Mascara - was £13.50 now £8.95 on Price Advantage My Little Coco Shampoo 800ml - was £12 now £8 on Price Advantage Colgate Ultimate Renewal 75ml - was £20 now £9.50 on Price Advantage.