Residents across the city spotted flames and smoke rising from the hills on Wednesday evening. Concerns were raised after the fire was spotted at around 8.45pm. It is believed that two fire crews attended the scene. The gorse fires sent huge plumes of smoke across the city.  In a tweet, SDLP Councillor Carl Whyte said: "Gorsefire on Cavehill tonight with smoke and flames visible. Spoke to @NIFRSOFFICIAL on scene - two crews attending and on the mountain now to hopefully extinguish fire.” It follows a spate of gorse fires on the mountain earlier this year that devastated wildlife. A statement from the Fire Service urged people to stay away from the area and keep their doors and windows closed until the blaze was brought under control. A Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service spokesperson said: “We are currently in attendance at a gorse fire on Cavehill and two appliances are in attendance. “We would like to ask local residents to stay away from the area and to keep their doors and windows closed until the incident is resolved.” In a subsequent statement, Ulster's fire and rescue service said: "NIFRS remain in attendance at a gorse fire at Cavehill. JUST IN: Stonehenge breakthrough: DNA evidence shows site was 'occupied' long before monument erect  "There is no risk to life or property, and fire crews will remain on scene throughout the night to closely monitor and assess the incident. "Please avoid the area and keep windows closed as a precaution.” Sinn Fein MLA Caral NiChuillin tweeted: “Hoping the fire on Cavehill is put out & fire fighters are safe. It’s distressing seeing fires on mountains.” Politicians from other parties in Northern Ireland have also responded to the Belfast blaze. Nuala McAllister, former Lord Mayor of Belfast and an Alliance councillor in Castle, said: "I have a very worried Finn at home who cannot sleep worrying for all the animals on the cavehill. "So worrying to see so many fires recently here.  "Two fire pumps were out as soon as it was seen, and know they won't stop until it's out with extra support.” Pictures shared by residents in north Belfast captured flames fanning across the hill. Footage indicated that the blaze has already destroyed hundreds of metres of woodland and scrubland. There are concerns that the blaze could cause extensive damage to wildlife in the area. Conditions on Cavehill have reportedly been dry after days of no rain. Residents have reported high flames and black smoke issuing from the hillside. DON'T MISS: Poland outsmarts Putin as Kremlin CUTS gas supplies into EU [REVEAL] Vallance skewers EV plans as going green 'totally impossible' for most [INSIGHT] UK embarrassment laid bare: US hid details of NUKING British satellite [REPORT]  Birds are also actively nesting in the area at this time of year, meaning the fires could pose a significant threat to wildlife. The fire appears to be located above the Ballysillen/North Circular Road area of North Belfast, according to local reports. Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service said there were currently “two fire appliances in attendance” at the gorse fire. North Belfast resident Simon Johnston tweeted: “An absolute disgrace. God bless the Cavehill. Horrific scenes. Damaged for years. Not just the land.” MORE TO FOLLOW...