The Premier League Hall of Fame has seen six new legends inducted on Thursday as the collection begins to pad out with some of the biggest names, and Ian Wright is one of the latest players to be recognised. The former Arsenal legend is clearly touched by the news, and has delivered an emotional response. Former Arsenal and Crystal Palace star Ian Wright is the latest legend to be inducted into the Premier League Hall of Fame, and as ever the 58-year-old was emotional at the recognition. Wright was one of six former Premier League stars to be inducted on Thursday morning, as he joined Sergio Aguero, Paul Scholes, Vincent Kompany, Didier Drogba, Ian Wright and Peter Schmeichel. The selection is fan voted, and the legends join Wayne Rooney and Patrick Vieira who had already been chosen earlier this year. The former Arsenal and Palace star is well loved for his fantastic career and also his wholesome approach to punditry. And due to the incredible honour, Wright has expressed his gratitude online to his fans. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims  Wright took to Twitter following the announcement, and wrote: "It’s a real privilege to be inducted into the Hall of Fame. You have to remember that for the majority of my football journey, I never thought I'd become a professional footballer. "So to do that, enjoy the times I had with the fans and my teammates and now to receive this accolade, is a true honour. I feel really humbled and grateful. "Growing up in South London, football was my escape. We played for pure enjoyment & that's something that never left me when I played. I always felt like I was running out of time & this is a nice moment to appreciate the journey, the hard work and getting over the doubts I had. DON'T MISSWest Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injuryAjax chief lets slip on Erik ten Hag's Man Utd verbal agreement - 'We tried everything'Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims  "I also have to thank so many incredible teammates, backroom staff and managers, most notably Steve Coppell who gave me the chance and shaped the player I became." Wright then made a humorous remark to his followers, as he wrote: "Hall of Raasclart Fame you know." The Hall of Fame recognises and celebrates individuals who have graced the Premier League since its inception in 1992, and rewards inductee's with an honour symbolising what they did for the division. Wright was selected like all other candidates by the public, and it's likely that an incredible number of Arsenal fans would have casted their vote his way. Wright will be formally honoured at an event in London on Thursday evening to congratulate him on being inducted, Arsenal have confirmed. All inducted players receive a medallion engraved with their name and the year of their induction, with a £10,000 donation made by the Premier League to a charity of their choice.  The striker almost gave up on any hope of becoming a professional footballer as he was rejected numerous times by Brighton after attending trials, and Wright decided to carry on playing for fun at non-league level. But after initially putting knocking back an approach from Palace due to the fear of being rejected again, Wright took his chance and was rewarded with a contract at Selhurst Park. Wright went on to represent Palace for six years, almost guiding them to FA Cup success, but after scoring in a 3-3 draw against Manchester United in the final, the lost the replay 1-0. He then signed for Arsenal in 1991, for a club record fee of £2.5million. The Arsenal legend scored on his debut in the League Cup, and then scored a hat-trick on his league debut, which was a sign of things to come. Wright went on to become Arsenal's all-time top goalscorer, although his record was surpassed by a certain Thierry Henry, who arrived shortly after he left in 1998.  Wright won the Premier League with Arsenal during the 1997/98 season, a fitting way to end his career at Highbury. He was also part of a side that completed the domestic cup double during the Premier League's formative year. The former Arsenal star hung up his boots in 2000 after ending his career with spells at West Ham, Celtic and Burnley, and later tried his hand in management. He was named as MK Dons first-team coach in 2012, but after leaving his role in 2013, he transitioned into punditry across a role of broadcasters. Wright is a favourite amongst fans on TV, and his love for Arsenal still clearly remains judging by his passionate rants about the club. He's also an avid England fan, and regularly features across the BBC and ITV for internationals. 