Attendance Allowance helps with extra costs for pensioners who have a disability severe enough that they need someone to help look after them. Depending on the level of support someone needs, they could get up to £92 a week. Britons do not have to have someone caring for them to claim. However, if someone does have a carer, their carer could get Carer’s Allowance. Attendance Allowance does not cover mobility needs. It is not means-tested, and therefore the amount someone earns or how much they have in savings will not affect what they get. READ MORE: Deborah Meaden reduced to tears by heartbreaking Dragons' Den pitch 'You're inspirational' Attendance Allowance is paid at two different weekly rates. The lower rate is paid at £61.85 a week. This is for people who need frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night. DON'T MISS'Help!' Homeowner shocked as property jumps two council tax bands and bill DOUBLES [BILLS]Worker warns Brits to check tax code after losing £9,000 in overpayments he can't reclaim [WARNING]Reduce inheritance tax: How to cut IHT down by 100 percent according to an accountant [INSIGHT] The higher rate pays £92.40 a week. This is paid to those who require help or supervision throughout both day and night, or are terminally ill. If someone also claims other benefits, they could increase them by receiving Attendance Allowance. They could get additional Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction. Eligibility State pension age Britons may get Attendance Allowance if they have a physical disability, a mental disability, or both. Physical disabilities include sensory disabilities, such as blindness. Mental disabilities include learning difficulties. The disability must be severe enough for them to need help caring for themselves or someone to supervise them, for their own or someone else’s safety. Claimants must have needed that help for at least six months unless they're terminally ill. Britons can use the Attendance Allowance claim form to apply by post. The completed form should be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance. A postcode and stamp are not required. The Attendance Allowance helpline can be contacted at 0800 731 0122.