The late Princess Margaret has often been described as the rebellious "younger sister" of the Queen due to her more outspoken and exuberant character. The Princess played an active role in the Royal Family's public work, supporting The Queen. Growing up the two princesses had a close relationship but one nickname, gained by Margaret, was one which she "despised". Speaking to Channel 5's documentary 'Princess Margaret: Rebel without a Crown', historian and biographer Professor Jane Ridley discussed the younger sister's position within the establishment, her relationship with the Queen and her "most-despised" nickname. The royal expert said: "Margaret's father became George VI and her older sister Elizabeth was, of course, the heir to the throne." "Margaret was now relegated to that really difficult position which is being the younger sibling of the heir to the throne." According to royal author Christopher Warwick, also speaking on the documentary, the two princesses were known as "P1 and P2" "It was sort of shorthand, wasn't it, for the two princesses." Royal author Tom Quinn said: "Elizabeth, suddenly, had been set up for a starring role that she never imagined and Margaret, from then on, had a sense, not that she was second best, but that she wasn't going to be Queen." READ MORE: Princess Anne’s tour may fly under radar ‒ but she ‘prefers it that way’ He added: "She had to compensate for not being her sister and the only way she could do that was by trying to get as much attention she could by being funnier, louder and slightly more mischievous." Mr Warwick said: "Princess Margaret said to me she never minded being described or being called the younger daughter. "But she said, ‘I’ve always minded being described as the younger sister.’ He continued: "I think part of that is that she minded the idea that she was always in her sister’s shadow." READ MORE: Sussex snub as Dutch King will NOT roll out red carpet for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle The younger princess saw her position in the British line of succession change suddenly following her uncle's decision to abdicate in favour of her father, King George VI. While Margaret became third-in-line to the throne, her older sister Princess Elizabeth unexpectedly became the next heir to the throne. This created a sudden divide between the two sisters. Historian Prof Jane Ridley said: "Before the abdication, Margaret was the younger daughter of the Duke of York. "It’s quite a long way down the line of succession. But after the abdication, Margaret’s father became King George VI, her older sister Elizabeth was the heir to the throne." Mr Quinn echoed an earlier note made by Prof Ridley, suggesting the abdication of King Edward VIII had left young princess Margaret questioning her role within the Royal Family. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] Throughout her life, she struggled to balance an independent spirit and artistic temperament with her duties as a member of the Royal Family. Margaret displayed an early love for nightlife and the arts and she soon became known for her glamour and beauty. She passed away in February 2002, aged 71.