The global environmental movement announced it will start mass protests in the capital from April 9. The group warned they would be "impossible to ignore". In an online briefing, Extinction Rebellion’s spokesman Andrew Smith said: “From Saturday April 9 we will meet at 10am in Hyde Park every day. “We will be easy to find, we will be easy to join, we will be more disruptive than ever, and we will be impossible to ignore. “We’re expecting huge numbers from the 9th. In London we won’t have pink boats, we won’t have pink tables, we will just have people power. “In the tradition of non-violent civil disobedience, we will disrupt business as usual until the Government and big business make change. We need everyone to join us.” Mr Smith also said Extinction Rebellion’s protests this month are “more mass participation-style events, rather than small kind of scattergun actions which rebellions have previously consisted of”. He added: "We're looking at mass participation, which are easy to join. We're asking the public to step up and join us. "We know at the moment that across the country, people are feeling kind of disenfranchised with how they've been treated by the Government. "The energy crisis is really starting to hit home on people, and people really want us to step up into a space where their voice is heard. "We're offering them the space where they can come and participate and join with us." READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Truss handed key to 'eliminate friction' Meanwhile, hundreds of eco activists from Extinction Rebellion and Just Stop Oil blocked ten major oil terminals across England. Activists said crowds of people were sitting in the road to block oil tankers from leaving each site, while others climbed on top of oil tankers - including over 30 young people at an oil terminal in Grays, Essex. Seven of the ten protests were carried out by Just Stop Oil at Navigator Terminals Thames, Inter Terminals UK and Purfleet Fuels Terminal all in Grays; Buncefield Oil Depot in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire; Esso Petroleum in Tyburn, Birmingham; and Kingsbury Oil Terminal and BP Oil Depot, both in Tamworth, Staffordshire. Another three were organised by Extinction Rebellion demonstrators at the Esso West Terminal near London Heathrow Airport, Hamble Terminals in Southampton and Hythe Terminal in Fawley, Hampshire. DON'T MISS ‘You’re part of the problem!’ BBC QT audience member clash Queen 'compartmentalising' with Harry and Meghan: 'Very strong' Royal Family LIVE: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen Thirteen people have now been arrested at Just Stop Oil protests at several locations in Thurrock, Essex Police said. The force said they were arrested on suspicion of obstruction of the highway, including a 28-year-old woman and a 22-year-old man from Norwich, a 19-year-old man from Cambridge and an 18-year-old woman from Thurston, near Bury St Edmunds. Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Nolan said: "We are working to minimise the disruption at Navigator Fuel Distribution Centre, Askew Farm Lane, and at a depot in London Road, Purfleet. "I am pleased to say that we've worked quickly to arrest 13 people so far for the disruption this morning and that officers were quick to respond to any reports of further incidents across Thurrock. "Road disruption is currently minimal and I'd like to thank local drivers, workers and businesses for their patience whilst we continue to engage with those at the three sites. She added: "I want to be clear: policing is not anti-protest, but we must intervene where there is a risk to life or where laws are being broken. "This is an extremely dangerous situation for the protesters to be in. We are being clear on the risks and are continuing to engage with them to try and bring this to a conclusion. “My hope is that this will be resolved safely and swiftly, so that our officers can get back to protecting and serving the people of Essex."