Drivers have vented their frustration at electric car owners over where they charge their vehicles. This came after a Gillingham EV owner spoke of his problem with charging his car as he didn’t have an EV charger at home and the chargers at his local supermarket were either faulty or in use. Mr Lewis Fox described the situation as a “nightmare” after he switched from a diesel car to a £21,000 electric VW Golf. In response to the story, some readers have criticised the choice not to install an EV charger at home when buying a new car. Express.co.uk reader Allyoops said: “Buy an EV without a home charger, that's just plain stupid.” Another user, NikD, said: “I only purchased an EV when I knew I could get a charger installed. READ MORE: Charging my electric car is nightmare: EV owner furious at charge hell “As a low mileage user it's perfect.” From June 15, laws will change meaning all new buildings will need to have electric vehicle charging stations installed as a way for the Government to accelerate the EV “revolution”. Commenter Summer.bay made their feelings known, commenting: “EV’s are a nightmare in the making!” Another Express.co.uk reader slammed electric cars, saying EV charging cables are a “hazard”. DON'T MISSNew car tax changes today will leave drivers in 'sticky situations' [SHOCKING]Petrol price checker: How to check the cheapest fuel near you [INSIGHT]Drivers told to ditch petrol and diesel to save £1,900 a year with EVs [INSIGHT] They claimed: “Well that's just another thing the Government didn't think of. Force everyone to buy electric cars, but then how do you charge them?! “Sure it's just about doable now as the numbers are low. But when everyone has been forced to buy one, those one or if you are lucky two chargers in your local supermarket aren't going to charge every car in the town! “Every house will need a drive! Can you imagine that? “How are you going to give a drive to every Victorian style terraced house which has no garden on either side? “Do you expect everyone to throw a cable across the pavement for hours causing trip hazards for pedestrians? “Or pay for personal charging stations to be put into the pavement outside their house? But that also means that that car owner will have to park outside their property at all times. “You can't even do that with petrol cars! Do you expect people to go and knock on neighbours' doors to demand they move their car from the front of their property so they can charge their car.” According to Zap-Map, there are now more than 51,000 charge point connectors across the UK in 19,150 locations, with 878 installed in March. The Government recently announced a massive £1.6billion investment boost to further the spread of electric car charging infrastructure. BP also announced its largest-ever investment into UK electric car charging infrastructure. The company plans to invest £1billion over the next 10 years, tripling the number of public charging points in its UK network. Commenter Dave3456 added: “In the street that I live in people run electric extension cables from the home across the public footpath to charge their car as no one has off street parking. “I drive a petrol car so I do not worry about charging.” The Government is still pushing ahead with its plan to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel cars by 2030.