James Martin spends a lot of time on TV, cooking up tasty meals. As a chef, it can be tricky to manage one’s weight, but the Saturday Morning star has revealed how he shed a few stone, and how he now keeps in shape - and it’s all to do with diet. James revealed: “The way I lost weight is by cutting down soft drinks. “I drink a lot of water, two litres every day. I still eat exactly the same. “Losing weight is a balance of everything, it's getting off your arse and doing more and not eating less, but eating a variety of different things.” James went onto explain how staying hydrated is more than just losing weight, it helps him feel more energised and alert. READ MORE: Weight loss: How to lose 1st in 4 weeks - keto diet plan He said: "Water is the key. As you get older, I realised I don't need to go to the gym, I'm working [in the kitchen] all the time anyway. "Water keeps your brain healthy and it keeps your skin healthy and it keeps your focused – it's crazy when you give up soft drinks how much more your brain feels alive, it's very weird." James’ favourite ingredient is said to be butter - which he frequently uses in his cooking. Having written a book with 130 recipes all made with butter, some might think it’s not the healthiest ingredient. But James disagrees. DON'T MISS...'Cheeky Harry's clearly missing!’ Prince 'serious’ in new interview [BODY LANGUAGE]Tomatoes: Monty Don on how to 'maximise quantity' of tomato harvest [VIDEO]Sarah Beeny: How to increase value of home to sell - make 5 changes [EXPERT] He explained: “It’s not the butter consumption, it’s the ready-made food, it’s the packet food, the hidden salt, hidden fat – that’s the problem in this country. “It’s not the butter in a butter block, or butter you put on your toast. “It’s the fact that not as many people cook in the UK as they do in France or Italy or Spain,” The Herald published last November. James’ weight has always been a topic of discussion with fans - with many complimenting his slimmer physique. James addressed a fan’s weight loss comment by replying: “Haha thanks all. Lost 14 kilos (2st 3lb) got to get new clothes." In 2018, James explained how he felt inclined to lose weight after he was trolled on social media. He said: “I looked on social media and every comment was about me being fat. “So I lost a stone and a half. And no doubt I’ll lose another stone on this [food] tour,” The Sun reported. Around the same time, he opened up about feeling self-conscious when he saw himself on the television James said: “ I've lost a stone-ish. I just think it's a lifestyle thing and also looking at yourself on TV. "You kind of watch and go, 'Oh God there's a bit of chin happening there'. “And everybody's TVs are bigger now. Before you used to watch TV on a small one and now they're massive." As for how he went about losing weight, James said: “I’ve really got to watch what I eat and drink and make sure I exercise regularly.”