GB News presenter Dan Wootton had a candid conversation with Lady Colin Campbell about why she thinks Prince Harry and Meghan Markle should not attend the Queen's Jubilee celebrations. The host implied the royal duo might be booed on appearance, which Lady C very much agreed with and added this is not a celebration for his "granny's birthday" but a state affair.   Author guest Lady C spoke very passionately about her disdain for the happily married royal couple and pleaded for them not to attend any upcoming celebratory events. Wootton asked: "Lady C, I heard for some time that there is genuine fear from Prince Harry and Meghan that they might be booed by the British public, and that might be one reason they don't want to be here at a major event with tens of thousands of people surrounding them?" The 72-year-old didn't skip a beat and replied: "Well, that would be one of the few evidences of realism they have shown in the recent past. "With due respect, I think there is a very good chance they will be booed, and I also think that this is not only going to be a family affair." Read More: Tipping Point fans 'heartbroken' as slip-up costs player £20k jackpot 'I'm so gutted!'  The Jamaican-born British author and socialite went on to hit home how it really had very little to do with them. She continued: "This is actually a state occasion. Let us remember we are not celebrating granny's 96th birthday for the Jubilee. "We are celebrating the Queen's accession to the throne. "So it is not a family matter it is, rarely in fact, a state occasion.    "I have concerns about Harry and Meghan appearing not only because of the reception they get, not only because they manage to suck all oxygen out of a room and turn it to the Harry and Meghan dog and bone show..." "With Netflix cameras following," Wootton chimed in. Continuing her rant, she added: "Also because the fact of the matter is, the British public don't want them. "I have received tens of thousands of communications from the public saying they 'don't want Harry and Meghan' on that balcony. DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC after just two series [LATEST]Better Call Saul season 6 episode 3 release time: When is the next episode out? [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest in awe as £4 charity shop frame holds valuable abstract painting [LATEST]   "They resent the fact that Harry and Meghan abused them, the British people, by lying and saying that the British people were racist and that the British people didn't welcome her." She also offered some advice to the Royal Family on how she feels they should view this: "So I think the palace needs to consider that aspect as well, and I think, just because you love somebody who misbehaves doesn't mean you have to accept and tolerate and condone the bad behaviour. "You can love the criminal and hate the crime."    