Prince Harry's body language in his interview on US television has been analysed by expert Darren Stanton. Prince Harry talked to the American show Today during the 2022 Invictus Games about his recent visit to see the Queen.  Mr Stanton told GB News: "I think he's quite torn between being over there and the UK. "He's feeling genuine sadness at not being in the thick of it." He added: "The eyebrows basically come together and the mouth drips and also when people tend to go like that with the lips that is almost like a self-reassurance gesture." "So in terms of the facial muscles engaged in among the lips, and then also there's a change in physiology." Mr Stanton continued: "So what I look for is, people often get the deception aspect incorrect because when people are under pressure, there'll be an emotional shift. "So I am looking for emotional shifts in people's body language. "What we saw within that was Harry's lips, if you watch, will go quite pale and that's to do with an emotional shift. GB News host Neil Oliver asked if Prince Harry had been "guarding his emotions". He asked the expert: "Is that him knowing how he feels and unconsciously endeavouring not to show it?" "Absolutely," replied Mr Stanton. "There's also what we call a linguistic deflection, which in real terms means he is effectively avoiding the question. "Not because he has anything to hide," he added. DON'T MISS Queen uses secret phone line to call Princess Anne [INSIGHT] Kate and William hit with Harry question during visit as row erupts [REPORT] 'Incredibly tactile' Meghan and Harry's unusual public interaction [ANALYSIS] He continued: "In the ten-second clip we see about seven or right sort of red flags almost of shifting emotion." In his interview with NBC's Today show, Prince Harry appeared to issue a veiled warning to those closest to the Queen, saying he wanted to make sure his grandmother was "protected" and had "the right people around her". Harry did not elaborate on whether he was referring to royal aides or members of his own family. But his comments are likely to have deepened his rift with his father the Prince of Wales and his brother the Duke of Cambridge as well as perplexing palace officials.