Alex Telles has opened up over the dressing room feelings amid reports that Erik ten Hag is set to be appointed as the new manager of Manchester United. The Dutchman looks set to leave Ajax at the end of the season to succeed Ralf Rangnick. United star Telles has revealed how the general feel in the dressing room is amid reports that Ten Hag will be their next manager. It has been a miserable campaign at Old Trafford, where they are currently seventh in the Premier League. After sacking Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in November, Rangnick was appointed on an interim basis until the Red Devils could find a proper replacement and all the signs point to the Ajax boss. Despite the likes of Mauricio Pochettino and Luis Enrique linked, Ten Hag is the heavy favourite to take over. The appointment of the Dutchman will signal one of the most momentous decisions made at the club in years while the transfer window will be especially important. However, the players appear to be unperturbed by the news and Telles has insisted the squad just want to get through the current season first. "No, I don't think it influences us because we know what we have to do," he said when asked about the impending appointment. "There are people at the club working on the new manager - but that's for next season. "And next season depends on what we do in these remaining games, so we need to stay focused. We can't think about who the next manager will be, we need to think about working hard in our next game." It has been a nightmare season for United, who are struggling to even qualify for the Europa League - let alone the Champions League. They sit seventh in the table and six point Tottenham, who have hit form at the ideal moment. Last week's 1-0 defeat to Everton at Goodison Park has seen the discontent grow even more at United - who have won just once in eight games. However, Telles has insisted that the whole club is determined to end the season with a bang. "Everyone in the dressing room really wants to win," the defender added. "No player at this club doesn't have this desire. We know about our responsibilities - we have families, we have dreams, we have objectives. "We want to do the work, not talk and turn this situation around. We know the quality we have, we know the expectation the fans and the club have of us and we need to be prepared to do our best to change things for the better."