Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has offered some consolation to Haas following an expensive weekend for the F1 team in Saudi Arabia. Their weekend was marred by Saturday's qualifying session, with Mick Schumacher taken to hospital after a harrowing crash during Q2. The German driver lost control of his car at the exit of Turn 10 whilst travelling at 170 mph, and as a result missed the Grand Prix the following day. The incident left the team facing severe repair bills, and overshadowed a second successive points finish for Kevin Magnusson. The Dane, who was only confirmed as a team driver for the 2022 season at the 11th hour after Russia's Nikita Mazepin was dropped amid his country's invasion of Ukraine, was ninth at the Jeddah circuit, one place ahead of Lewis Hamilton. It backed up his remarkable fifth placed finish at the Bahrain Grand Prix. Haas team principal Guenther Steiner estimated Schumacher's incident would cost the American outfit around $1 million (£760,000). Given the $140m cost cap, that figure represents a considerable chunk of the team budget in a new of F1. JUST IN: Max Verstappen branded 'most gifted' in F1 by Lewis Hamilton's old team-mate Jenson Button Steiner did claim the team had a "contingency" plan for crash damage, but Wolff has suggested they won't need to dip too far into resources: "You can say that a crash like Mick had falls into the category of a ‘big shunt’ and there is an allowance in the cost cap where if you need to build a new chassis, the cost cap will be adjusted for you," explained Wolff, via gpfans.com. The high speed nature of the Jeddah track caused a flurry of incidents in the 2021 race, and Schumacher's crash had the notion of safety in the headlines again. "Formula 1 is dangerous and city circuits are the spectacular ones, among the most spectacular ones and the drivers need to take more risks so you are always on the knifes edge," added the Austrian. DON'T MISS:Yuki Tsunoda tipped to follow in Max Verstappen and Sebastian Vettel's footstepsLewis Hamilton jumps out of plane 10 times as F1 star goes sky diving on day offCharles Leclerc has 'no idea' of Ferrari's edge over Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton Wolff, 50, has his own problems to deal with ahead of this week's Australian Grand Prix. Again Mercedes struggled for pace in Saudi Arabia, with George Russell and Hamilton finishing fifth and 10th respectively. The team principal has branded the team displays thus far "unacceptable" and has vowed improvements will be made in Melbourne. The first practice session takes place on Friday.