The pictures, which documented the Duke's incredible life, and the elegy written by the Poet Laureate Simon Armitage, were posted on the Royal Family's social media accounts yesterday. A poem titled The Patriarchs: An Elegy, was first published on the day of Prince Philip's funeral last year. It paid tribute to his distinguished career in the Royal Navy. It was read out by the poet over piano music alongside a poignant video montage showing photographs of the Duke's life.  Marking a year after Her Majesty's "constant strength and guide" died peacefully in his sleep at his Windsor Castle home, it read: "On such an occasion / to presume to eulogise one man is to pipe up / for a whole generation - that crew whose survival / was always the stuff of minor miracle, / who came ashore in orange-crate coracles, / fought ingenious wars, finagled triumphs at sea / with flaming decoy boats, and side-stepped torpedoes." The Duke's generation is described in the poem as "husbands to duty", "greatgrandfathers from birth" and "last of the great avuncular magicians".The final verse reads: "But for now, a cold April's closing moments / parachute slowly home, so by mid-afternoon / snow is recast as seed heads and thistledown." The photographs included a 14-year-old Prince Philip in costume for a production of Macbeth at his school, Gordonstoun, in July 1935, and being transferred between Royal Navy vessels while on exercise in Malta. The Queen is believed to be atWindsor Castle and marked the first anniversary of the death of her husband privately. Prince Philip's death, announced by Buckingham Palace on April 9 last year came just two months short of his 100th birthday.  A Greek exile, he married the Queen in 1947 and was known as much for his keen interest in engineering and science as his outspoken comments and gaffes. At the recent service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip's life, held in Westminster Abbey, the Dean of Windsor, the Right Rev David Conner, paid tribute to his abilities and his strength of character. He described Philip as a man of "passionate commitment" but he could also be "abrupt" in a "robust conversation, forgetting just how intimidating he could be". Yesterday, an exhibition opened featuring a naval uniform worn by the Duke and his admiral's cap - on display for the first time, at the National Museum of the Royal Navy in Portsmouth Historic Dockyard. 