St George’s Day is marked annually on April 23 to celebrate the patron saint of England and while many other countries celebrate their patron saint’s day with a national holiday, England does not. As a result, Express.co.uk asked readers’ views on if the day should become a bank holiday.  In a poll that ran from 10am on Friday, April 22, to 6pm on Sunday, April 24, Express.co.uk asked: “Should St George's Day be a bank holiday?” A total of 2,538 people cast their votes with the overwhelming majority – 93 percent (2,366 people) – opting for “yes”, St George’s Day should be a bank holiday. Meanwhile, seven percent (168 people) said “no” and just four people said they did not know. Dozens of readers shared their views in their comments below the accompanying article. Username JL77 said: “Absolutely should have a bank holiday in ENGLAND for St George.” Username English Patriot. Said: “Every English person should be encouraged to celebrate and appreciate our patron saint's day. Many other countries are proud of their nation.” Another, username Angry Engineer said: “Yes, simple as that. This is a Christian country , St George is our patron saint. We should have always had a bank holiday on the 23rd of April.” Most thought that England deserved to be able to celebrate St George's Day with a bank holiday. Username Blackguard said: “Of course, why shouldn't English citizens have the right to celebrate their own culture and history just like anyone else.” Username OhMyDays said: “It should be a national holiday and celebrated, in the same way others celebrate their national days.” And username Just my opinion said: “Of course it should, but ONLY in England.” Others were in favour of more bank holidays across the UK with username Mr. M commenting: “Yes definitely, along with St Patrick Day, St Andrews Day, St Davids Day.” And username Rafar999 wrote: “Who doesn’t like a day off? I’ll happily take another bank holiday.” Instead of an additional bank holiday, some suggested moving the May Day national holiday to April 23. Username BobPage: “Yes, it should replace May Day. We don’t need two bank holidays in May.” And username Babyboomer wrote: “Yes and ditch the May bank holiday.” St George’s Day commemorates the anniversary of the patron saint of England’s death in 303 AD and was declared a national feast day in 1415 after England’s win at the Battle of Agincourt during the Hundred Years' War. But when England unified with Scotland in 1707 the day was no longer celebrated as a national holiday and further diminished in following centuries. St George never visited England but was adopted as the nation’s patron saint in 1415 for his bravery and chivalry. He is often depicted as a fearless English knight but historians believe that he was a Roman soldier born in Cappadocia, in modern-day Turkey, in the late third century. He is thought to have been tortured and executed in Palestine after refusing to renounce his faith. Many Christians continue to mark St George’s Day as a significant day with a Feast of St George. Outside of England, St George’s Day is commemorated in Portugal, Greece, Bulgaria, Georgia, Macedonia, the Palestinian territories and parts of Spain.