As house prices soar to record highs and with homes selling twice as fast as normal, now is the ideal time to sell a property and increase the value of your investment. However, increasing the value of a property shouldn’t stop indoors - the garden plays a bigger part in selling a home than many may realise - research by The Greenhouse People found that a good garden can increase the value of a home by up to 77 percent. What’s more adding value to a home doesn’t need to have an extortionate price tag in the short term - with these thrifty tips, homeowners can improve their outdoor space without breaking their budget. The gardening experts at The Green House People explained what homeowners should do prior to putting their house on the market. They said: “If you are considering putting your home on the market and want to make a few quick changes to add value to your property, consider sprucing up your garden. “Gardens are a huge selling point for potential buyers. “A well-maintained garden provides an extra ‘room’ for your property, boosting its value by up to 77 percent.” Here are several garden features that will add the most value to a property without breaking the bank. READ MORE: Property: The ‘tremendous’ feature to ‘instantly’ add property value When it comes to selling a property an unsightly garden can make or break a property viewing. The experts noted that the “small details” count. They said: “If you need to spruce up your garden for a viewing quickly and cheaply, it’s the small details that count. “Make sure the lawn is mowed, the washing line is down, any wooden surfaces have a fresh lick of paint or stain and any weeds are pulled up. “If your garden looks cared for it’ll be much more attractive to buyers who will be able to see its potential.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to ‘easily’ clean oven glass ‘properly’ - ‘no scrubbing’ [COMMENT]Weeding tips: How to ‘effectively’ kill weeds for ‘zero cost’ [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [TIPS] A thoughtfully designed garden which mirrors the style and decor of the house will attract the right attention and give a sense of extra space. The gardening experts said: “If your garden is overly wide or long, consider breaking it down into distinct areas, helping buyers visualise how they can use and enjoy it. “Create clear zones using different materials and textures, keeping a good amount of lawn alongside a decked or paved area for relaxing and entertaining, flower bed borders and a growing area with raised beds or a greenhouse. “Add finishing touches – like cushions, furniture and artistic features - in keeping with your interior design and colour palette. “ If your property doesn’t boast a garage, buyers may be put off when thinking about where to store their garden tools, lawn mower, BBQ and summer furniture, according to experts. They said: “A shed is the best option, tucked away in a corner away from your entertaining space. If you already have one, make sure it looks cared for with no broken windows and a fresh lick of paint.” Those tight for space, there’s always bench seating with a hinged lid which can double up as a storage box for smaller tools and soft furnishings. While a swimming pool or even hot tub might come to mind if you had to pick a “wow” item for a garden, in reality, it’s not possible for many of us. Those who are moving, they probably don’t want to over-invest in garden features which they can’t take with them, so cheaper things like a fire pit, bird bath, pergola, or an olive or bay tree will entice viewers “without such a high price tag,” says the experts. Privacy and security are always high up on any home buyer’s list of priorities. Even if your home is overlooked by other houses or gardens, homeowners can take simple steps to block prying eyes. The grading experts suggested: “A wooden or bamboo screen or trellis is perfect to close any gaps where foliage or trees may be missing, which climbers such as wisteria, clematis and ivy can wrap themselves around over time to create a ‘green border’. “This will add privacy and make it harder for intruders to get into your garden too.” Homeowners can also make their garden feel more secure by installing outdoor lighting features, particularly ones which are motion sensitive.