Dimitar Berbatov's deadline-day transfer from Tottenham to Manchester United caused quite a stir throughout the northwest when it was revealed that newly-rich rivals Manchester City had made a last-gasp bid for the Bulgarian's services back in 2008. But the United hero has reaffirmed his strong bond with the club's fans after confirming he replied "f**k off" to his agent when he told Berbatov that a potential move to City was possible. Berbatov had produced two stellar seasons at Tottenham prior to his move to United, scoring 27 league goals in just 69 games for the north London side. A summer transfer saga between Juande Ramos and Alex Ferguson's men continued before Berbatov finally moved on deadline day for a fee of £30.75million. He has become a cult hero at United in the years since he left Old Trafford for his performances for the club and his brutal honesty about their current plight. And the Bulgarian star has endeared himself even more to the United fans after he admitted to telling his agent to "f**k off" when he was notified of City's interest. "Can I swear?" Berbatov joked when asked about the saga by The Athletic. "It was a true story because I can be really direct when I want to be, and as I said before, I follow my own path and along the way of course there will be people who are disappointed in my decision, like the Spurs fans were when I decided to go and follow my dream. READ MORE: Liverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clause  "But then getting close to that dream we get that call from City giving their proposition to my agent. He was looking at me and asked what I thought. I said, “Just f**k off, we’re going to United. In my dreams, this is the badge, the shirt, the manager, the players, the history. "I come from a small country and this is an important opportunity for me, I need to grab it with both hands and not let it go because it’s not going to happen again with me, it’s just one direction all the way." Berbatov spent four years at United, scoring 48 league goals in just 108 league games before moving to Fulham in 2012 at the age of 31. Berbatov won two Premier League titles in his time at Old Trafford, alongside a League Cup - although he was unfortunate to miss out on his second and third Champions League at the final hurdle with defeats to Barcelona - with his previous one coming at Bayer Leverkusen. DON'T MISS  United have lost their standing in the Premier League in recent years and haven't won league title since 2013. Their current season is set to end without a trophy again, though Ralf Rangnick's men can salvage it by finishing in the top four. However, they are some way off the pace and sit in seventh place, six points behind Tottenham with just seven games to go. 