Only this week a study by the Office for National Statistics revealed that a quarter of households found it “very difficult or difficult” to cover their essential bills last month. The deepening problem now increasingly dominates the political landscape. At Prime Minister’s Questions yesterday, Boris Johnson came under sustained attack on the issue from opposition MPs, while it was also reported that the Cabinet is considering a number of measures to ease the pressure. These include the end of annual MOTs for cars, a reduction in childcare costs and, more dramatically, tax cuts. Urgent action is certainly needed. In deprived neighbourhoods and neglected high streets, scars of the fall in living standards are clearly visible. In the view of the Resolution Foundation think tank, at least 1.3 million people – including 500,000 children – will be pushed into absolute poverty by the cost of living squeeze. One of the most graphic indicators of the crisis is the recent growth in the use of food banks. Last year the Trussell Trust, which manages the network, distributed 2.1 million food parcels and this year demand has exploded. The manager of a facility in southwest London says: “In the past two months it has gone crazy in terms of the volume we are seeing, but also the complexity of problems.” Yet the pain is not being felt evenly across Britain. In striking contrast to the anguish of many of those on low incomes, large numbers of better-off households are doing extremely well. To quote the famous slogan of Harold Macmillan, the Tory leader in the late 50s, some “have never had it so good”. Far from eating away their earnings, inflation has enhanced their wealth by pushing up the value of their properties and other assets. This week house prices hit yet another record level, with the average now standing at £360,000. For those seeking to buy their first property, the dream of ownership looks more distant than ever. Yet for those who have advanced up the ladder, the gains are enormous. There is a widening chasm between the affluent and those in need. During the early Victorian age, rising Tory star Benjamin Disraeli coined the phrase “Two Nations” to describe the gap between the rich and poor, “who are as ignorant of each other’s habits, thoughts and feelings as if they were dwellers in different zones or inhabitants of different planets”. That could be a commentary on modern Britain. While millions live precariously, a large section of the population enjoys unprecedented prosperity. There are now a record 2.5 million Britons who are millionaires, and the total gross value of savings held by households is over £238billion. That helps to explain why, even in the face of the cost-of-living crisis, there have been surges in the sales of prestige cars, luxury cruises, overseas holidays and fitted kitchens. Rolls Royce has just enjoyed the best year in its history. This division is bad for our country. It not only feeds resentment and antagonism, but is also a glaring injustice. Some wealthy people deceive themselves into thinking that their good fortune is entirely the result of hard work, while those at the bottom pay the price for their supposed fecklessness or welfare dependency. But this is badly wrong on two counts. First, many of the poorest are actually in work, doing tough, minimum wage jobs like care assistance or hospitality. Second, the bonanza in property values over the last two decades has not been earned at all, but is just a colossal windfall for those lucky enough to be homeowners. We cannot go on like this. Inequality is becoming entrenched, privilege lavishly rewarded. There are several steps the Government could take, like improving social mobility through education, helping with energy bills and giving more support to disadvantaged areas. But the wisest move would be to rebalance the tax system. Taxes are high enough, with the overall burden at its greatest since the 1950s, but the central problem is that they tend to penalise work while only touching lightly on unearned wealth. The recent 1.25 per cent hike in national insurance is typical of this misguided impulse to punish jobholders. Capital, not income, should be Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s focus for raising revenue. Only that way can levelling-up, the Tories’ much-vaunted mission, be made into a reality.