Ms Payá told Express.co.uk that where the island’s economy profits, its regime profits too. She said: “[The Brussels bloc is] channelling funds to the Cuban regime... which is very concerning given what has taken place on the island. “When we say the Cuban regime, we mean the top chief of the military – the Castro family, for instance, which is a major beneficiary of these transactions.” One of the most recent acts of relation-building saw Brussels sign into a Political Dialogue and Cooperation Agreement with Cuba in 2018. This tied the two into “[deepening] their links by strengthening their political dialogue, cooperation and economic and trade relations, in a spirit of mutual respect and equality”. It also saw them reaffirm “their respect for universal human rights”. READ MORE: Brexit Britain in 'best position' to clamp down on 'state terrorism' She added: “Actually, they are responsible for the state terrorism that is being implemented on the island on a daily basis.” Britain is also a member of the above agreement, which has been criticised by members of the European Parliament, given that it was signed before Brexit was formally enacted. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] The Cooperation Agreement also reaffirms the EU’s respect for the “political independence” of Cuba, though the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia has brought to the fore the island’s connections to the Kremlin. Vladimir Putin has threatened to deploy Russian troops to Cuba if the US acted in a manner of which he disapproved. Ms Payá also noted the Cuban intelligence apparatus “has played the role of the operator and the gateway of Russia in the whole region” for some time. She told Express.co.uk: “It is a reality that when we ask for actions and solidarity, we are not just asking for an altruistic gesture. “We are asking for protection.” Express.co.uk has contacted representatives of the EU Commission for comment.