Arsenal have reportedly renewed their interest in Real Madrid striker Luka Jovic. Gunners boss Mikel Arteta is claimed to be convinced that Jovic can be a 'goal machine' for his side. The Serbia international has been linked with a move to Arsenal in recent transfer windows. His £50million move to Real in 2019 has not worked out how both parties would have wanted. Jovic has scored just three goals in 49 appearances for the La Liga giants. He was sent out on loan to Eintracht Frankfurt for the second half of last season but scored just four times in 18 outings for the German side. Serbian newspaper Blic, via Sport Witness, claims that Arsenal are back in the market to sign Jovic. Madrid would sell the striker for around £25m but would also entertain a loan offer. READ MORE: Man Utd 'handed transfer shortlist' by Erik ten Hag that 'includes Ajax players'  Arsenal are in need of at least one striker this summer. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both out of contract at the end of the season. Arteta allowed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to leave to join Barcelona in January without signing a replacement. But the report says Arteta is certain Jovic can be a top player for his side. Arsenal wanted to sign Dusan Vlahovic in January but missed out on him to Juventus. They do not want to make the same mistake with his international team-mate Jovic. If a deal does come off, Arsenal will be hoping Jovic can rediscover the form which led to Real signing him three summers ago. He scored 27 goals in all competitions during another loan spell at Frankfurt for the 2018/19 season. DON'T MISSMatt Le Tissier quits Southampton role after backlash over Russia-Ukraine and Covid tweets [NEWS]Man Utd giving Erik ten Hag information 'every week' on transfer budget and signings [REPORT]Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic [QUOTES]  The 24-year-old started his career at Red Star Belgrade before moving to Benfica in 2016. However, his career has stalled with Karim Benzema continuing to be Real's go-to forward since Jovic's arrival. Arsenal are yet to decide if they will offer Lacazette a new contract. The Frenchman has scored just four goals in the Premier League this season and has gone over 18 hours since his last from open play. Speaking last month, Arteta admitted signing a striker would be a priority this summer. "Now is the moment we have to raise the quality," he said. "We need one who puts the ball in the net, that's priority number one. Any successful team needs enough goal threat in the squad."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here