Manchester United's pursuit for a new director of football may have taken a turn for the worse after it was reported that Monaco chief Paul Mitchell will be given a sizable budget to spend to turn down a move to England.  Mitchell was appointed as Monaco's sporting director in 2020 after a stellar career at RB Leipzig. Having maintained good relations at Leipzig under Ralf Rangnick, rumours started to intensify over a potential move to Old Trafford with the interim United boss set to move into a consultancy role. But according to Foot Mercato, the Monaco chief could well stay in the French top-flight after reassurances were made over the budget he had to spend. The publication states that Mitchell has been often criticised at Monaco since his appointment two years ago. Internally, he struggled to win over key figures at the club including vice-president Juan Sartori. Information was revealed in March that various parties at the Monegasque club differed on a multitude of topics, causing a rift between the board and other members of staff. READ MORE: Tottenham's Eriksen return hopes boosted as midfielder makes 'preference' clear  However, it is stated that club chief Dmitri Rybolovlev has strong relations with Mitchell and that the 55-year-old is ready to bet big again in order to challenge runaway leaders Paris Saint-Germain for the title. As a result, Mitchell could benefit from huge financial support via the Russian, and confidence and backing of his skills could seriously throw a spanner in the works for United. The transfer guru made a name for himself at Southampton alongside Mauricio Pochettino, where he oversaw the signings of Nathaniel Clyne and others with the Saints maintaining their Premier League status ever since. He moved to Tottenham with Pochettino in November 2014, signing stars such as Dele Alli, Son Heung-min and Toby Alderweireld as the north London outfit. Rangnick is expected to stay at Old Trafford in a consultancy role upon the expiration of his contract in two months' time, with his presence likely to have a huge say in the future of Mitchell. However, he is expected to also take up the role of Austral's national team manager. DON'T MISSRoy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]West Ham fans 'attack' German media after Michail Antonio goal against Frankfurt[REPORT]Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer[GOSSIP]  The German refused to be drawn into speculation about his next move following Thursday's 1-1 draw with Chelsea, stating that his focus is solely on the Red Devils. "I would like to speak only about Manchester United and this evening," Rangnick said. "I would like to say that I will continue with my consultancy role at the club at the end of the season. I am happy and willing to help Manchester United, but it will leave space for another job alongside the consultancy role but I will only speak about Manchester United this evening." 