Indoor plants offer two potential benefits for owners, including improved mental well-being and improved physical human health, according to the Royal Horticultural Society. Houseplants have been proven to improve mood and support fitness and general health. What’s more, some varieties can even purify the air as well as produce more oxygen. One expert has shared the top two best indoor plants for their purifying qualities. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Jo Lambell, founder of Beards & Daisies, said: “You can never go wrong with a snake plant - they’re one of the most laid back and relaxed plants you could own. “They almost thrive off neglect, so even if you forget to water them, they’ll still look after you by purifying the air within your home.” Snake plants can go weeks without watering, especially during the cooler months of the year. According to NASA, the snake plant is one of the best plants for improving air quickly. READ MORE: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less They help to remove “toxins” such as formaldehyde, ammonia and carbon monoxide from the air. Jo added: “We recommend homing on your bedside table to help you drift off into a blissful slumber at night.” The spider plant, which is also another popular variety in the UK, is great for oxygen production. The expert explained: “The spider plant can be found naturally in the South Pacific and South Africa and is loved for its distinctive variegated foliage which resembles large blades of grass. DON'T MISS:Lower energy bills by washing clothes with cold water - ‘great step’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share white vinegar tip to remove washing machine mould [INSIGHT]Snow and frost: Prune ‘damaged’ plants to promote new growth [EXPERT] “Show off its cascading leaves in a hanging basket for a real eye-catching display. “The spider plant isn’t just pretty to look at, it’s super helpful to have in your home too as it is an excellent air purifier. “Better still, the variegated varieties of the spider plant produce more chlorophyll than other variegated houseplants which means more oxygen production. “Care for this plant is super simple, making it ideal for new plant parents or those with busy lifestyles. “Avoid overwatering and aim to keep the soil moist, but not soggy. Allow to dry out slightly between waterings but not completely.” Positioning this plant with bright but indirect sunlight can allow the houseplant to thrive. Experts at Clear It Water Collection recently decided to find out which indoor plants have the best air purifying qualities. The company took to Reddit to find out which plants gardeners can’t stop talking about. With more than 10,000 Reddit posts, Clear It Waste Collection found the Pothos plant to be one of the most popular houseplants. What’s more, it has great air purifying qualities. They said: “It is known as one of the easiest to care for houseplants as it requires minimal watering. “The pothos plant is considered one of the most effective indoor air purifiers and removes common toxins such as formaldehyde, benzene and toluene.”