The Queen made the decision to give Prince Andrew a prominent role in Prince Philip’s memorial service last week by having him escort her to her seat through Westminster Abbey. This marked his first public appearance since settling his out-of-court lawsuit with his sexual assault accuser Virginia Giuffre. The Queen’s decision to allow her second son to attend the thanksgiving service was thought to reflect that the service was a family event over an official engagement. However, not everyone felt the Duke's prominence was appropriate, with some saying he should have slipped in quietly. Following the Queen’s show of support for Andrew last week, there are reports the Duke of York could have a role in Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this year, due to take place over a long weekend from June 2 to 5. The Jubilee service of thanksgiving will be held on June 3 at St Paul’s Cathedral and if considered a family occasion, Andrew is likely to be in attendance. He is also reportedly planning to accompany the Queen to the Epsom Derby on June 4. A royal source told Express.co.uk: “Prince Andrew does want to participate in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations and to be present at the St Paul’sCathedral service of thanksgiving and to pay tribute to the Queen’s magnificent 70 years of public service. “The Prince and Queen do have a close bond. The Queen knows exactly what she is doing. She’s very much in charge." Andrew stepped back from royal duties in 2019 following the now-infamous Newsnight interview in which he discussed his affiliation with the late Jeffrey Epstein. His position in the Royal Family was brought into question earlier this year when the Queen stripped Andrew of his military titles, royal patronages and right to use His Royal Highness title in an official capacity.  A source told the Sun: “He was meant to stay invisible during the Platinum Jubilee so there is no way he will be at events like Trooping the Colour. “But the Queen needs a chaperone on all occasions at the moment due to her mobility issues and Andrew has earmarked the Derby as the one he will accompany her at. “He just doesn’t seem to understand the public outcry.” Both Prince Charles and Prince William are said to be against Andrew being involved in the Platinum Jubilee festivities. So what do YOU think? Should Prince Andrew be allowed to join Platinum Jubilee celebrations? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.