Arsenal could have the perfect cut-price alternative to Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves this summer amid reports that Bayern Munich are willing to sanction the sale of outcast Marcel Sabitzer. The Gunners have supposedly shown an interest in the Austrian before, and his re-emergence in the shop window could throw a spanner in the works of Mikel Arteta's transfer plans. Arsenal are set to chase a new midfielder this summer with Granit Xhaka still as temperamental as ever, Thomas Partey prone to injuries and Albert Sambi Lokonga still too young to make a dramatic impact. Wolves midfielder Neves is believed to be at the top of their hit list, but the Gunners' bid could be stopped in its tracks with the West Midlands side reportedly prepared to ask for £100million. Arteta and co would therefore be wise to scan the market for alternative options, and SPORT1 claim that Sabitzer could soon be on the move. The 28-year-old was a marvel at RB Leipzig and drew interest from the Premier League when it became clear that he would explore a new challenge last summer. He instead trod a familiar path to many top talents in German football and was snapped up by Bavarian giants Bayern. JUST IN: Gary Lineker applauds Leeds fans for grand gesture towards ousted boss Marcelo Bielsa It has not worked out for him since with just one goal and no assists in the Bundesliga this campaign. Just one year after signing Sabitzer for what was considered a steal at £14m, Bayern are allegedly willing to shift him from the wage bill if a club comes in with a meagre £12m offer. The Austrian is a versatile player, as can be expected given his years at RB Leipzig, and he can feature anywhere across the midfield, out wide or at full-back. Arteta is believed to favour players who can adapt to different positions as demonstrated by the signings of Ben White and Takehiro Tomiyasu last summer. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal The Gunners have been linked with Sabitzer in the past, along with local rivals Tottenham. But Spurs' successful January swoop for Rodrigo Bentancur and his subsequent impact under Antonio Conte could cool prospects of a midfielder hunt this summer and leave the door wide open for Arsenal to make their move. A lack of form at the Allianz Arena may put some potential suitors off the 28-year-old, but a few stellar names are sure to throw their hats into the ring if Bayern's reported £12m price-tag is enough to see out the deal. Sabitzer was at the peak of his powers as recently as the 2019/20 season, where he bagged 16 goals in all competitions.  Arteta and transfer chief Edu are also likely to pursue at least one new striker this summer as Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both approaching the end of their respective contracts. Paulo Dybala is rumoured to be on their wish list as he runs down his own deal with Juventus. Exciting young centre-back William Saliba could also add to Arteta's new-look side after a stellar loan spell with Marseille.