Vernon Kay and Josie Gibson hosted Monday's This Morning while Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby enjoy their Easter break. The ITV presenters welcomed Clodagh McKenna into the kitchen but after asking a question about the chef's recipe, Vernon jokingly walked off and called for host Dermot O'Leary to step in. Clodagh was preparing a host of Easter sauces for the This Morning hosts. For her mint sauce, Clodagh added sugar to the mixture. Vernon asked: "What does the sugar do to the mint? Why do you put sugar on it?" "To sweeten it," Clodagh stated as Vernon remarked: "Obviously." Read more: Could Sleeping 4 hours or less cause 'dangerous' abdominal fat? Josie burst out laughing as a red-faced Vernon shrugged his shoulders and walked off. "I'll see you later," he said. "Dermot, hurry up mate come on." Clodagh and Josie found Vernon's reaction hilarious with the host quickly resuming his position next to his co-host. "It's good to be inquisitive and ask questions," Clodagh added. Vernon joked: "Why do you put mint in?" "To make it minty," Josie quipped as she struggled to contain her laughter. "So while you were figuring out caster sugar," Clodagh said to Vernon. "I put in some boiling water." A red-faced Vernon held his head in a tea towel as the chef carried on with the demonstration. DON'T MISSLowri Turner hits out at stop-oil protest 'Disrupting ordinary people' [INTERVIEW]Archbishop of York hits back at Ranvir Singh over Putin's Ukraine war [VIDEO]'If that's ok!' Ranvir Singh blasts ITV bosses over Emma Corrin dress [INSIGHT] She said: "What the boiling water and caster sugar does is create a sugar syrup, okay?" This Morning viewers were thrilled to see Vernon and Josie hosting and took to Twitter to comment. @talkhard said: "I love @vernonkay and @Josiestweet on @thismorning @ITV .. refreshing! And brilliantly talented presenters. Good to have Vernon back on the telly, especially #newtelly #ThisMorning #ITV." "#ThisMorning what a laugh today," @timmyhoop1982 commented.  @kerryhollins3 added: "I love Vernon Kay’s sense of humour. #thismorning x." @NicolaOvie wrote: "@thismorning I love Vernon presenting. So natural. He should be presenting this show a lot more!" "Love Josie and Vernon presenting This Morning," @trixiesuzyjsy1 tweeted. This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.