Kellogg’s is taking the Government to court over new rules that would prevent some cereals being prominently displayed on supermarket shelves due to their high sugar content. The food giant claims the rules fail to consider the nutritional value of the milk added to the product. The new regulations come into effect in England in October. They restrict the promotion of food and drink that is high in fat, salt and sugar. And the Government said the new rules would help tackle childhood obesity. In a statement, Kellogg’s said it has “tried to have a reasonable conversation with Government” without success. READ MORE: Foods you should never keep in the fridge including cucumbers Chris Silcock, the company’s UK Managing Director, added: “We believe the formula being used by the Government to measure the nutritional value of breakfast cereals is wrong and not implemented legally. “It measures cereals dry when they are almost always eaten with milk. “All of this matters because, unless you take account of the nutritional elements added when cereal is eaten with milk, the full nutritional value of the meal is not measured.” Kellogg’s says independent market data shows cereals are eaten with milk or yoghurt in 92 percent of cases. DON'T MISS...Weight loss: Woman shed 3st by focusing on portion control [INTERVIEW]Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress [PICTURES]Weight loss: How to burn 3,000 calories without exercising [GUIDE] Popular brands such as Crunchy Nut Corn Flakes and Fruit and Fibre are classified as foods that are high in fat, sugar or salt in their dry form. And so retailers may be prevented from displaying them in prominent positions in store, thus harming sales. Caroline Cerny, from the Obesity Health Alliance, told the BBC: "This is a blatant attempt by a multinational food company to wriggle out of vital new regulations that will limit their ability to profit from marketing their unhealthy products. "It's shocking that a company like Kellogg's would sue the Government over its plans to help people be healthier rather than investing in removing sugar from their cereals." A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Breakfast cereals contribute seven percent – a significant amount – to the average daily free sugar intakes of children. “Restricting the promotion and advertising of less healthy foods is an important part of the cross-Government strategy to halve childhood obesity by 2030, prevent harmful diseases and improve healthy life expectancy, so we can continue to level up health across the nation.” The spokesperson added that obesity costs the NHS more than £6billion a year and is the second biggest cause of cancer in the UK. A hearing on the issue begins later at the Royal Courts of Justice in London. As for the reaction on social media, there were mixed opinions online. Sharon McTeir commented: “Surely the sugar is still there when the milk is added? Or do they allow the milk weight in their recommended serving? #kelloggs.” Stephen tweeted: “I think Kellogg's are wrong here. The nutritional labels are a good thing, what they could do is agree a standard measure with added milk, then add that info to their labelling - problem solved. Less sugars, poor fats are essential to tackle obesity.” Amanda added: “Adding milk to sugar does not make the sugar any less harmful. "Kellogg’s are being disingenuous and showing that corporations don’t care about health, just profits.” Eleonora Dorado suggested: “Kelloggs might have a point. Plus, anecdotally, the people I know who are overweight have one thing in common - they "don't do breakfast.” Stuart said: “Kellogg's have a point here to be honest. I have had an issue with sugar for years, but was never overweight as a child, or as an adult up until illness. I personally think big companies are being are being blamed for obesity, in reality what we put in our trolleys is the issue.”