The question of whether Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will return to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in June 2022 still looms over the major event. Huge celebrations will be taking place across the UK, with the nation set to mark the monarch’s 70 years on the throne with a special four-day bank holiday weekend. It will be the next time we see almost all the Royal Family together - but the Duke and Duchess of Sussex could be a notable exception. Tom Bower, a Royal biographer, has said Prince Harry “won’t come back because he knows he cannot face his family.” Mr Bower believes it’s all down to the Duke of Sussex’s forthcoming tell all book, due for release in the autumn. He claimed: "I think Harry won’t come back because he knows he cannot face his family, and be pleasant with them, knowing what he’s written about them in that book." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan undergo 'hostility' training "That book will have a lot of casualties and cause a lot of hurt. It will really deliver.” However, other royal sources believe the duke is likely to return for the occasion - but without his wife Meghan. An unnamed royal source told the Sun that secret talks had taken place between Prince Harry and his father Prince Charles. Prince Charles reportedly offered to let the Duke and Duchess stay with them for the duration of the celebrations, most likely at Clarence House in central London. No Meghan would also likely mean no Archie and Lilibet - with the latter having never met other members of her family. But an overarching issue for the Duke of Sussex is his loss of taxpayer-paid protection, which was removed when he and Meghan stepped down from royal life. The Prince is currently challenging the Home Office decision not to allow him to pay for his family’s own police funding if they were to return to the UK this year. Earlier this year, the duke offered to fund the security himself, rather than ask taxpayers to foot the bill after he stepped down as a senior member of the Royal Family. DON'T MISSQueen abdication fears: 'Drastic' reason for monarch to leave throne [ANALYSIS]Have Your Say: Should the Queen step down and make way for Charles? [HAVE YOUR SAY]Inside the £239million castle where the Queen will celebrate Easter [INSIGHT] He argued his private protection team in the US does not have access to UK intelligence information which is needed to keep his wife and children safe. Earlier this week, the news broke that the royal pair will receive full police protection during their visit to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games - just a few weeks after the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service in London. However, Dai Davies, ex-head of royal protection, rubbished Prince Harry’s claims that his family would not be safe without police protection. He said: “He would get the same risk assessment as every other royal.” “Most of them now don’t get full-time protection or even half-time protection, so the truth is the UK is far safer than most other places. “And with great respect, Harry is not an expert in security.” Davies also said “If Harry had attended the memorial service for Philip last month, he would have been protected due to being with family members. “But he chose not to. That’s his prerogative.”