Britain's Got Talent saw more acts take to the stage this evening in a bid to impress the judges. Simon Cowell, Alesha Dixon, Amanda Holden and David Walliams were back on the panel as they gave their critique to the auditionees. One dance troupe, in particular, wowed the judges with their stunning routine. However, viewers didn't seem as impressed by their performance. Children's author David Walliams branded the performance as "terrifying". He said: "That was thrilling and one of the most extraordinary things we've seen on Britain's Got Talent, amazing." "Now we know why you are called The Freaks," Alesha chipped in. "That was just out of this world. "She was a human skipping rope, I have never seen that before." READ MORE: Naga Munchetty tells viewers Boris Johnson is in prison All four judges unanimously said yes and sent the group through to the next round. However, viewers didn't seem as impressed and took to social media to share their thoughts. Many compared The Freaks to dance troupe Spellbound, who won the talent show in 2010. Spellbound, a gymnastic troupe, rose to victory in the fourth season of the show. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Dawn Taylor working with Jamie Tate in affair twist  [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise star 'cried' after getting rejected from role [INSIGHT]Simon Cowell responds to Amanda Holden racy outfit backlash [NEWS] Jema raged: "Copycats! Even the music is the same. Spellbound, anyone? #BGT" Susan penned: "Why can’t the judges be honest and say-Ok we’ve seen this act before-your not original, literally a copy and paste of #Spellbound #BGT." (sic) While Rich pointed out: "Are we meant to forget Spellbound won? #BritainsGotTalent #BGT." (sic) "Superb act but a carbon copy of Spellbound #bgt," Mags added.  User @Hed_F1 commented: "Nah no one can beat the OGs. They’re literally copying Spellbound’s music and routine. " (sic) Despite the criticism, some fans praised the group for their amazing routine. Marie said: "That acrobatic group called the Freaks were fantastic." "The Freaks, now that was EPIC!!!! #BGT," Ben praised.  Britain's Got Talent returns on Saturday at 8pm on ITV.