Royal commentator Katie Nicholl has warned Prince Harry must be aware of the “conditions” as he begins rebuilding his royal connections. The Vanity Fair royal editor explained there are significant “boundaries” that need to be respected by the Prince. In a major step, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle returned to the UK to visit the Queen for the first time since they stepped down from royal duties.    Ms Nicholl identified the royal visit as an effort by the Prince to “move on” from past family differences. “He wants to move on,” explained the royal expert. Ms Nicholl elaborated on the prince’s desire to push past the “family rift” and reclaim his relationships with the royal family members. “He wants to be there at the Palace Jubilee balcony appearance,” she confirmed. However, Ms Nicholl was quick to highlight the Prince should be aware his return to royal affairs “comes with a caveat”.    The royal editor detailed how Prince Harry’s attempt to salvage his royal connections “comes with conditions”. She criticised the recent press engagement of the Prince and warned this could strain his family ties. “The more Harry blabs on TV, the less likely it is that he is going to be back into the fold,” cautioned Ms Nicholl. Prince Harry will be extensively “tested” before he is welcomed back around Royal Family members. Read more: Prince Harry: Duke boasts about his relationship with Queen The Prince did achieve a recent landmark with his secret return to the UK alongside his wife Meghan Markle. During the trip, Prince Harry and Meghan both met with the Queen in secrecy at Windsor Castle. Speaking of the visit to US network NBC, Prince Harry celebrated the meeting and highlighted the Queen was on “great form”. The couple did not announce they would be attending the UK prior to their trip to Holland for the Invictus Games. Don't miss:Would you welcome Harry and Meghan back to live in the UK [POLL]Prince Harry skewered over Queen protection remark [REPORT]Harry's new interview's potential to drive him 'further' from Queen [INSIGHT] Prince Harry has faced criticism for selective comments made in the same NBC interview. The Prince described how he wanted to make sure the Queen was “protected” and had the “right people around her”. The comments struck many viewers as odd and reports speculate the Prince may have used the interview to subtly denounce family members close to the Queen. In the interview, Prince Harry confirmed that his home “for now” remains in the United States with his wife and children.   