Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall is 74 years old, but still has an impressive figure and is an incredibly active royal. The future Queen Consort is always out and about on royal engagements and is known to stick to a healthy diet.  When in Singapore in 2017, Camilla remarked: "It's very good for you yoga, isn't it? It's very good for you as you get older, it makes you less stiff - good for your muscles. !It makes you much more supple. I think it's very important as you get older to take exercise and stretch. I do a bit of yoga. A bit of yoga and a bit of Pilates.” Her husband of 17 years, Prince Charles, has been open about his flexitarian diet, by going vegetarian two days a week and vegan for a further two days a week. The two are also keen country walkers in Gloucestershire where they live in Highgrove House. David Wiener, a training and nutrition specialist at the AI-based fitness and lifestyle coaching app Freeletics, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain Camilla’s fitness routine. He said: “Camilla actually admitted how much of a big fan she is of Yoga and Pilates, which is what I would recommend people of that age to do. READ MORE: Princess Anne weight loss: Avoids 'sluggish metabolism' - here's how “As you get older, it comes to no surprise you should be doing less strenuous exercise as it could cause muscular pain and your bones become much more fragile. “Furthermore, Camilla and Charles are known to love to spend their time walking the dogs or walking in the countryside. “Walking is one of the best exercises you can do, not only does it get your body moving but it also is gentle on your body. “Outdoor walking is amazing for improving your fitness levels, burning fat, improving mental health, aiding sleep and getting your much-needed nature fix.” David continued: “It is known that Camilla and Charles love organic food - which is great for staying in shape and giving our bodies the nutrients and vitamins we need. “They have their own fresh food in the ground of their residence Highgrove, and Charles founded Duchy Originals (an all-organic food line). “Whilst she has been open about not following a vegan diet, being that she enjoys everything organic, it wouldn’t surprise me to think she only eats organic meats.  “This is still an eco-friendlier option to follow her husband's eco-friendly messages. “Camilla loves to talk about her healthy diet, which as a PT and nutritionist, I absolutely love. “She uses her platform to tell people how important it is to eat healthily, and you can definitely see that through her figure and how she gets around to do all her royal duties.”  David continued: “I would say Camilla’s figure is dependent on a mixture of both her diet and exercise regime. “At any age, it is important to listen to your body and only do what your body allows you to do, but it seems that Camilla loves exercising and eating the right foods. “At 74, it’s easy to become a bit more immobile as your bones and muscles become a bit more sensitive. “But if your body is used to continuous exercise and a healthy, organic and nutritious diet - it’s easier to maintain your figure just like Camilla has.” 