"Getting big oil companies to start putting people before profit, that is definitely the biggest challenge we are facing within the climate movement," Bonnie says, as she describes her great passion, tackling climate change. And the actress has been shown to practice what she preaches in a major way. After becoming passionate about the movement after graduating from film school in 2012, and tailoring every part of her daily life to channel sustainable living, she has now written her first book detailing how anyone can do the same. From starring in perhaps the most famous movie franchise, like co-star Emma Waston, 31-year-old Bonnie has thrown herself into activism by tackling climate change, a fundamental passion for Bonnie. The London-born actress now lives in San Diego with her husband, cat, and dogs. After a four-year journey into sustainable living, Bonnie founded Go Gently with an accompanying YouTube channel where she shares insights into her life, including the likes of her homemade Christmas holiday and closet clearouts. Now Bonnie's insights are available in book form. The actress has described the book as an autobiographical exploration of her journey into environmentalism, with practical tips and guides to living more sustainably taken from her own life. She told Express.co.uk: "As I became increasingly aware and concerned about the climate crisis, I wanted to take action and be part of the change I wanted to see. "At first this was campaigning with Greenpeace on ocean health and plastic pollution and then these actions also began transitioning into the four walls of my home. READ MORE: Healthy diet can contribute towards the betterment of the planet "I wanted to understand how the larger issues connected to my day-to-day life. "For instance, single-use plastic is damaging the health of our ocean, so how could I lower my use and reliance on single-use plastic packaged goods? "After cultivating these practices over the last four or five years I realised that I wanted to share them and that’s where the idea for Go Gently was born." Go Gently: Actionable Steps to Nurture Yourself and the Planet tells Bonnie's personal journey into environmentalism, tackling both macro issues - like tackling oil and big business - and the small everyday ways Bonnie makes a difference by adjusting her lifestyle. Bonnie told readers "deprogramming societal norms" has been a major part of the shift in her own mentality, as she unpacked her everyday life and undertook some soul searching. READ MORE:Protect your garden from pests using ‘homemade’ barrier [GARDEN] ‘Defensive’ Harry ‘overthinks every word’ in US chat [CELEB] Princess Beatrice and baby Sienna seen leaving Windsor for St James's Palace [ROYAL] When asked how embracing environmentally-conscious living changed her life and her outlook she explained: "A lot of it has been about slowing down and deprogramming societal norms of consuming, progress and convenience. "It really makes you question if what you desire you really need or is it just a distraction from something." The nature-lover explained: "In doing this I feel like I have been able to be more present in the natural world and therefore want to protect it even more." Bonnie's journey was far from an overnight shift. In fact, the passionate environmentalist is cautious not to endorse such a hell-for-leather approach to adopting environmentally friendly habits. She said: "I didn’t overhaul my life all at once, that definitely quickly leads to burnout and feeling more disempowered. "Instead I started one area of my home at a time." The actress impressed how even the most staunch environmentalists may not be able to make positive choices in all areas of their life. This, she says, is where the need for systemic change comes in. She said: "There are always some shifts that are easier than others. "When we are faced with no better choice on something and we are forced to make a choice that doesn’t reflect our values, this is often a red flag for a system issue, something we cannot solve on our own but need to campaign for policy to do that." It's hard not to feel overwhelmed or negative when processing the climate crisis and other crises across the world. In these times, Bonnie said: "I lean on friends or people in the climate movement and chat to them, remembering the weight of the world is not on our shoulders. We have to share our feelings and concerns." Go Gently: Actionable Steps to Nurture Yourself and the Planet by Bonnie Wright is published by Greenfinch and out on 19th April (RRP £20).