Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel admitted that he did not have high expectations of his side as Brentford ran riot at Stamford Bridge to produce a stunning 4-1 victory. The German cited the demanding nature of the international break as a factor in his team's lacklustre performance, adding that the Bees were 'lucky' enough to score three times in 10 minutes. Antonio Rudiger gave Chelsea the lead on Saturday afternoon with a spectacular long-range effort. The visitors were on level terms just two minutes later, however, as Vitaly Janelt kick-started a frantic 10-minute period that saw Brentford rattle in three goals. Christian Eriksen was also on the scoresheet as his incredible return to prominence continues, while Yoane Wissa scored late to rubber-stamp an incredible 4-1 result that left Tuchel and his Blues red-faced. "We lost control for 10 minutes," he admitted to Sky Sports, "It was a tough start for us which is also not the first time after an international break. We were OK in the first half and had a very good start to the second half and took the lead. JUST IN: Liverpool hero Jamie Carragher singles out two stars after crucial win over Watford "Maybe we thought it was already done and we got punished in 10 minutes. In general we allowed too many shots and in general we lacked energy. We looked mentally tired which is normal after being around the world. "After scoring we forgot we still had 40 minutes to play. I think it was deserved we took the lead. I did not have high expectations. We struggled and we found a way to be in the lead. We made life very complicated for ourselves because we stopped defending." DON'T MISSMo Salah will do 'everything on his part' to join Barcelona as Liverpool issue 'threat' [GOSSIP]Man Utd likely to do four things in potential Erik ten Hag announcement [COMMENT]Man Utd will go against 'Ralf Rangnick's recommendation' if Erik ten Hag is snubbed [REPORT] Indeed, boasting a squad full of international stars can have its drawbacks if Tuchel's reasoning behind the performance is to be believed. Players in the Blues' ranks jetted off to join up with the likes of Senegal, Brazil and Germany over the past fortnight, even if Eriksen's Denmark duties did little to dent his own form. Defeat keeps Chelsea in third place, although Arsenal could advance to within two points if they win their Monday-night encounter with Crystal Palace. Tuchel will have to pick up and dust down his squad who, by his own admission, did not predict Brentford's free-scoring spree.  "Nobody saw it coming, especially after going 1-0 ahead," he added. "It was very untypical of us. But we stopped defending. We were not aware of enough of the danger, were sloppy with the defending and got punished. "They made the most of it in those 10 minutes. Right after their third goal we had 10 minutes where we had big, big chances and we missed them. They were lucky and clinical enough to get three goals. We did not defend like it is needed to in the Premier League and got punished."