In his typically powerful address to the United Nations assembly this week, the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky used eyewitness accounts to spell out the invaders’ inhumanity against civilians: “They cut off limbs, slashed their throats; women were raped and killed in front of their children.” But moral revulsion is no longer enough. In this dark hour, what Zelensky needs is direct support rather than further rounds of applause. So far western assistance, though valuable, has been restricted because of fears about escalating the war into a wider conflict. In the wake of the Bucha massacre and a host of other war crimes, such reluctance looks increasingly misplaced. Now confronted by the greatest threat since 1945, the defence of European civilisation requires the imposition of economic, military and diplomatic measures that can help to break the Kremlin’s war machine. Western nations like to boast about the toughness of the sanctions they have imposed on Russia since the invasion. But there is a massive hole at the heart of this boycott, for they have done little to halt their colossal imports of Russian oil and gas. An embargo would inflict severe damage on Vladimir Putin’s regime, since 40 per cent of Russia’s GDP depends on energy exports.  Yet because of their reliance on Russian supplies, European nations have so far refused to impose a block on this trade, bleating that such a step would lead to hardship. In practice, this means that Europe is effectively bankrolling Putin’s onslaught against his neighbour. That reality was admitted by the EU’s Foreign Policy chief Josep Borrell when he contrasted the €1billion in aid that Europe has sent Ukraine since the invasion started with the €35billion handed over to Russia in energy payments. The role of Germany, by far the richest country in Europe, has been particularly reprehensible. Buttressed by its vast wealth, the Berlin Government could have taken a defiant stand against Russia, from where 55 per cent of its gas is imported. Instead, obsessed with its own interests and inhibited from asserting itself because of its ugly past record of confrontation, Europe’s powerhouse has shrunk from its responsibilities. A full energy embargo should be matched by a major expansion in the provision of lethal aid. Western anti-tank and anti-aircraft missiles, no matter how deadly, will not be sufficient to repel the invader. In an address to Nato last week, President Zelensky urged its members to provide “one per cent of all your planes and one per cent of all your tanks.” So far, despite some enthusiasm from Boris Johnson, Nato has refused.  This is partly on logistical grounds, since aircraft and tanks require significant training, maintenance and supply lines. Moreover, this equipment is deemed to be “offensive”, whereas the missile systems are held to be purely “defensive”. Inspired by the bravery of the Ukrainian resistance, the West should be bolder More Nato members should follow the example of the Czech Republic, which has begun to supply Ukraine with T-72 tanks and infantry fighting vehicles. Similarly, the US could drop its hostility to the idea of supplying planes to the Polish air force, which in turn could send Zelensky MiG-29s, with which Ukrainian pilots are familiar. On every front more weaponry must be provided. This should be accompanied by diplomatic moves to turn Russia into a global pariah. As a legacy of the Second World War, Putin’s regime has a permanent place on the UN Security Council, but that position is as outdated as it is offensive.  No nation in recent times has done more to imperil the security of the world than Russia. Any attempt to throw out Russia will inevitably be met by its veto, so the Council should be dissolved and replaced by a new body that keeps Putin in the wilderness. He and his cronies belong in the dock of a Nuremberg-style war crimes trial, preparations for which should now begin. Additionally, it is ludicrous that most countries, including Britain, maintain diplomatic relations with Russia. Across the free world, Putin’s embassies should be closed and his ambassadors expelled. The rhetoric of indignation must be translated into the reality of action, otherwise western expressions of support will become empty gestures. 