Coronation Street's Tim Metcalfe (played by Joe Duttine) had a huge health scare at the start of the year, which led to the stalwart needing a triple bypass heart operation. After keeping the diagnosis a secret from his partner Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dynevor) their marriage was faced with some challenging moments. However, a new theory by Express.co.uk suggests Tim could be dealt another blow after his incompetence in the bedroom leads him to another doctor's visit. In the upcoming episodes of Coronation Street, Sally Metcalfe tries to broach the subject of her husband Tim's disastrous love-making, but Tim refuses to discuss it, leaving Sally annoyed. Tim presents Sally with some flowers to say sorry for snapping at her and after a lovely meal, Sally suggests an early night. When Tim admits he’s worried and embarrassed about his impotence, Sally assures him she’s happy to settle for a hug. At No.4, Sally urges Tim to make an appointment with Dr Gaddas (Christine Mackie) to discuss his impotence, but clearly embarrassed, Tim refuses. Sally’s frustrated but to her relief, Tim finally sees sense and agrees to see the doctor. READ MORE:Prince Charles ‘at end of tether’ with Prince Harry Tim has been happily married to Sally since 2014 and the couple have stuck together through the toughest of times. Despite their different approaches to life, and coming close to separating after Tim’s Las Vegas wedding came to light, Sally and her beau have one of the happiest marriages on the ITV soap. However, the couple has endured some heartbreaking moments after Tim was told in January that he needed a triple heart bypass or he’d die. But not wanting to concern his wife, he decided not to share the news with Sally but instead, with his neighbour Aggie Bailey (Lorna Laidlaw). Following the horrific events which occurred earlier this year, Tim could expect to hear the worst from Dr Gaddas. After still suffering the trauma of his last visit, the beloved family man may face a huge blow making his fears a reality. Sally, who wants to support her husband in every way she could, acts as the stronger influence and pushes Tim to make every appointment set by the doctor, as difficult as it may be for them both to hear. In the meantime, the pressure Tim felt over his inability to perform in the bedroom will be brought down to a healthy level, bringing the couple together, especially now Sally knows there could be a reason behind his incompetence without feeling as though it’s her. After visiting Dr Gaddas, Tim is informed he is suffering from erectile dysfunction which would explain the troubles he has recently been faced with. With the start of the year proving to be traumatic for Tim, it comes as no surprise to hear the GP saying the diagnosis often starts with trauma. Tim, hearing the news, wants to find a solution to his problem and asks for the best possible course of action. Meanwhile, there’s a huge war going on in Weatherfield as the battle for baby Alfie intensifies between Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo) and Abi Webster (Sally Carman). Fans have predicted that Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) and Imran could both be 'playing each other' to pave the way for the exit of ITV actor Charlie De Melo from the soap. The final episode of last week saw a determined Abi tell her partner Kevin Webster (Michael La Vell) she would like to return to work so she can afford to buy things for newborn baby Alfie. However, after she discovers Imran's plans to fight her for custody in court, the stalwart is left horrified by the idea of losing her child. This Morning’s soap expert Sharon Marshall was on Tuesday’s programme to dish the latest gossip and gave her take on the nail-biting custody battle which will end in tears. Speaking to Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield, she explained: “We’ve seen he’s (Imran) prepared to play a little bit dirty already." The soap star went on to tell viewers: “That’s going to get even worse.” Furthermore, talk of Toyah and her relationship with Imran was also up for discussion on the daytime chat show. Coronation Street usually airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 7.30pm and 8.30pm on ITV.