Manchester United legend Gary Neville believes the Red Devils could name their next permanent manager as part of a “PR spike”. Ralf Rangnick’s side suffered another huge blow to their top four hopes as they could only muster a flat 1-1 home draw against Leicester City. The Red could find themselves as far as six points behind Tottenham and Arsenal after this Premier League gameweek’s matches have taken place. Mikel Arteta’s Gunners’ will also move nine points clear of United if they are able to win the two games in hand they hold over the Reds. West Ham’s recent 2-1 home victory over relegation battling Everton has also seen the Reds tumble down to seventh position, where they would only just be able to qualify for the Europa Conference League. Uncertainty also remains in the United dug-out as Rangnick’s successor is yet to have been named. The German’s managerial contract expires at the end of the season, when he is expected to take up a consultancy role in the boardroom. But while recent suggestions claim Ajax boss Erik Ten Hag, Paris Saint-Germain manager Mauricio Pochettino, and another unnamed individual have been linked with the job, Neville suggested he feels Rangnick’s successor could be named to raise the mood around the club. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “Look, because the interview process started, publicly, sort of seven to 10 days ago, I said you’ve got to conclude it quite quickly or else it becomes a bit of a mess,” Neville told Sky Sports. “There were reports earlier in the week that Ten Hag was awaiting details as to whether he was going to be offered a contract or not. “I suspect after that performance today what we’ll see a PR spike whereby the manager might be named. I don’t know but, for me, it wouldn’t surprise me.” DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Preceding reports understand Ten Hag met with United bosses to talk about the possibility of becoming the next permanent manager. Pochettino also remains a firm contender for the job, but his Dutch counterpart appears to be the frontrunner for the position. Ten Hag also broke his silence on the constant speculation linking him with a huge move to the club. The 52-year-old boss, who is currently on course for a third consecutive Eredivise and Dutch Cup double, appeared to leave the door open for a move to the Reds. “Everyone knows each other in the industry," Ten Hag responded to Sport1 when asked about the United position. "There are always talks with representatives from other clubs, that's normal. “Manchester United is a great club with great fans. But I can only repeat myself: My full focus is completely on Ajax! We are already planning for the new season.”