Jan Shortt, from the National Pensioners Convention, accused the government of not caring, reminding the Prime Minister that some pensioners "fought to keep this country free". The Government has been widely criticised for its decision to suspend the pensions triple lock, which ensures the UK state pension continues to rise each year. This comes as the UK battles a mounting cost of living crisis. The country currently has an inflation rate of 6.2 percent, but it is expected to increase to more than 8 percent during the course of the year as a result of soaring energy bills. On April 11, the state pension rose by just 3.1 percent. In response to the crisis, the Government has offered pensioners a £200 rebate on their fuel bills, which is a loan that would need to be repaid at a later date. But Ms Shortt hit out at the plans, accusing the Government of wishing that pensioners did not exist. She called on the Government to increase the state pension to match the rate of inflation, saying it would "help enormously". The campaigner told Express.co.uk: "Other countries with a stable economy have given everybody £200 off their bills straight away. "We get a loan. "You have to ask the question - do [they] really care? We don't think they do. READ MORE: How much is enough for a comfortable retirement? The exact amount "And that's a sad thing to say, particularly for the much older area of our membership who have fought in wars and fought to keep this country free and make it better." Earlier this month, the energy price cap - which will apply until 31 September 2022 - increased by 54 percent, taking the total cost to £1,971 a year. Speaking about the Government's decision to increase the cap, Ms Shortt said: "They knew when they did it that energy was going to increase. "When they released the energy cap, that had been agreed by government months before. DON'T MISS: Pensioners urged to claim Pension Credit and free TV Licence [REPORT] State pension forecast to savings check - five tips to retire early [INSIGHT] Pension vs ISA? The saving vehicle that is 'a good place to start' [ANALYSIS] "So they knew when they were tying us to 3.1 percent that it wasn't going to be enough. "If they can't save face by putting the triple lock back in, then at least give people the true rate of inflation as an income. "That will help enormously. "We're not asking for something we haven't paid for. We're not asking for something special. "We're just asking them to give the rate of inflation. "And that will help cover their bills. It won't help them pay the whole lot but it will help."