Manchester United are due to hold talks with Erik ten Hag’s camp in London as a potential managerial appointment nears, according to reports. The Ajax boss is now believed to be ahead of Mauricio Pochettino in the race to take over at Old Trafford. However, the Paris Saint-Germain manager remains a target with the Red Devils keen to get this decision right. It recently emerged that United had met with Ten Hag and conducted an interview with the Ajax boss, with club chiefs John Murtough and Darren Fletcher both involved. And all signs are now pointing to the 52-year-old taking charge of the Red Devils and becoming their fifth managerial appointment since Sir Alex Ferguson’s departure in 2013. Ten Hag is believed to have the backing of Ralf Rangnick, though United players are split over the 52-year-old getting the job. Now, Stretty News say United are due to talk with Ten Hag’s entourage in London as they edge closer to making a final decision. The fallen Premier League giants have also been linked with Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique, who are currently managing Sevilla and Spain respectively. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But the publication says United are now only planning with Ten Hag and Pochettino in mind. It’s said that while the Ajax boss is their top target, Pochettino remains under consideration. Though results at PSG have failed to live up to expectations, particularly in the Champions League, the 49-year-old is still admired behind the scenes. United first thought about hiring Pochettino when Ferguson stepped down nine years ago, having been impressed by his work at Southampton. But they gave the job to David Moyes instead, with the Scot having Ferguson’s blessing due to the fine work he’d done at Everton. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players United again pondered Pochettino when they sacked Louis van Gaal in 2016, with the Argentine working at Tottenham at the time. However, the availability of Jose Mourinho promoted United into giving the job to the current Roma boss instead. Now, that ship could be about to sail by once again. Ten Hag is the frontrunner for the job and fuelled speculation he may leave Ajax when he recently dubbed United a ‘great club’ with ‘great fans’. “Everyone knows each other in the industry,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “There are always talks with representatives from other clubs, that's normal. Manchester United is a great club with great fans. “But I can only repeat myself: My full focus is completely on Ajax! We are already planning for the new season.” He added: “My focus is currently only on Ajax. But in football you never know. “I don't want to rule anything out. If at some point I should decide to take the next step, I hope that people here will understand.” Van Gaal recently urged Ten Hag to reject United, branding them a ‘commercial club’. “Erik ten Hag is a great coach, and that is always good for Manchester United,” he said last week. “But Manchester United are a commercial club, so it’s a difficult choice for a coach. He’d better go to a football club. “I’m not going to advise him, he’ll call me himself. But he must choose a football club and not a commercial club.” But Ten Hag refused to react, adding: "I don't want to react to it. We are in a title race, all focus is on that." When quizzed on his future, he then said: "You don't need to ask me again."