A British Garden Design student who shares how she maintains her stunning garden online, spoke with Express.co.uk about her top picks to sow in her garden this year. Rebecca runs the Instagram account @gardenthirtythree. She has suggested Britons try their hand at sowing cosmos. The gardener particularly likes growing these summer favourites from seed. She said: "We love to do annuals from seed, and my favourite has to be cosmos. "There are so many different varieties - last year we did ‘cups and saucers’ and they looked like something straight out of Alice in Wonderland!" Cups and Saucers is a seed mix of cosmos with traditional cosmos and the "cupcakes" variety. The cupcakes variety produces pretty cup-shaped flowers. READ MORE: 'Do it now!': Plant summer bulbs now - avoid rot and get a magnificent summer display Rebecca went on: "This year we are trying some new varieties ‘Double Click’ and ‘Hummingbird’ which look beautiful." The double click cosmos grow an abundance of ruffled petals. The hummingbird cosmos, on the other hand, have unusual - but nevertheless beautiful - fluted petals. Cosmos are native to Mexico and love the sun. They are best planted from March to April and will flower all the way into October. They like moist, well-drained soil and full sun. The flower also produce seeds each year which can be collected and sowed the next year. DON'T MISSUrgent warning over using drinks like cola and vodka on plants [EXPERT] What to do with tulips after they have bloomed [TIPS] Mum's 'controversial' lawn weeds method: 'No better feeling' [INSIGHT] The gardening aficionado also sows wildflowers in her garden. These are ideal for attracting pollinators like bees and butterflies. Other pollinators include birds, bat, moths, flies and small mammals. They are hugely beneficial to the garden, as they will help your plants reproduce. They also look beautiful buzzing around your wildflowers on a summer afternoon. Rebecca said: "We also love to sow a wildflower seed mix for the pollinators. "You can direct sow these onto a patch of bare soil which makes them so easy to do." Rebecca also recently discussed how to tackle slugs in the garden, one of the biggest enemies of the British gardener. She advised luring other animals to the garden to organically kill slugs for you. Rebecca said: "Frogs are a gardeners best friend, and they will eat the slugs for you." She went on: "We introduced some low level water features that can be accessed by the frogs. It doesn’t have to be a big pond, just something the frogs can access and they will help keep slug damage to a minimum." 