Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William embarked on an eight-day tour of the Caribbean to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in what was seen as a charming offense to reinvigorate ties with Commonwealth nations. But according to royal expert Robert Jobson, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were very aware their stay in Jamaica would mark the last time the Queen would send representatives to the realm before she is removed as head of state. Kingston signalled during the Cambridges' visit proceedings will be launched soon for an elected leader to take over from Her Majesty. Speaking to True Royalty's The Royal Beat, Mr Jobson said: "They weren’t there to win over the Jamaican people. "They knew more than anybody that the next time they’re there, or Prince Charles is there, it will be to do the handover [to a Republic].” He suggested their awareness of the changing situation was further hinted at by a speech Prince William delivered in which he admitted his "profound sadness" over the slave trade. Mr Jobson said: "On these tours, it’s all very frenetic... the staff are hot and bothered, the principals are hot and bothered, everyone’s making decisions on the hoof. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG "The Queen and the Prince of Wales never do things like that. "In situations that are clearly political like this, they’ve got a clear mapped out agenda, which has been cleared by the government. "[William’s statement] was cleared by Buckingham Palace, not the Foreign and Commonwealth Office." Jamaica has repeatedly called on the Royal Family to issue an apology to the descendants of those caught up in the slave trade and to offer reparations. READ MORE: Meghan 'wrangling' Americans by 'trading off' Duchess title - 'We can spot opportunists' Royal commentator Duncan Larcombe agreed with Mr Jobson's assessment, insisting Prince William and Kate knew before heading on tour that the "writing is on the wall" about the path Jamaica is headed on. Mr Larcombe said: "The assumption that we have a Royal Family [Prince William], going around unelected, doing diplomatic stuff for the British people or the Commonwealth is 200 years out of date. "Prince William knows it. He knows the writing is on the wall." He continued: "Prince William represents a new year era of royalty, where [he] knows he’s got no legitimate right to be there and be the future King. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [ANALYSIS]Queen health update: Monarch facing two issues - they're 'not medical' [VIDEO] "That doesn’t mean if people want him to do that role that he won’t make a brilliant King. "But we are no longer in the realm of a Royal Family believing they have every right to do the job.” Upon meeting Prince William and Kate last month, Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness said his country is now "moving on" from its past. Mr Holness said: "There are issues here which as you know are unresolved but your presence gives us an opportunity for those issues to be placed in context, to be out front and centre and to be addressed as best we can.” He went on: “But Jamaica is, as you would see, a country that is proud of its history and very proud of what we have achieved. "And we’re moving on and we intend to… fulfill our true ambitions and destiny to become an independent and prosperous country.”