Tim Blair, an Australian journalist for The Daily Telegraph, laughed at the video of Mr Biden speaking across the podium to address the climate-friendliness of the US military. He questioned how mass weapons of destruction and “thermonuclear” missiles can be discussed in the same vein as being climate conscious when they are designed to kill people. He said that had a comedian said something similar five or ten years ago, “it would be a good joke”. Mr Blair was addressing a video replayed on Sky News of Mr Biden saying: “In the United States military, every vehicle is going to be climate-friendly. I mean it. Every vehicle. We’re spending billions of dollars to do it. The US President is standing on the podium speaking to someone diagonally behind him, prompting jokes that he needs someone to “point him in the right direction. Mr Blair said: “I like the way he just stared down the camera there, daring people to challenge him on climate-friendly weapons. “Just give him an arrow, point him in the right direction. He’s talking off to the side. Who knows what sort of hallucinations he was having.”   “Five or ten years ago, if a comedian came up with the idea of climate-friendly, thermonuclear weapons, for example, it would be a good joke. “Now it’s real. You’ve got companies like Raytheon, god knows what their body count is over the decades, putting out publicity statements about how they’re endeavouring to make the world better for their children by making climate-friendly missiles.” Responding to a joke about net-zero napalm, he said: “Yes, I know. I mean everyone will love it apart from the people scalded to death by it. [Biden] is a fantastic human being and not senile at all.” Mr Blair and Sky News host Chris Kenny proceed to laugh uncontrollably as they consider the peculiar notion of an industry designed to maim human beings talking about looking after the planet. READ MORE: Donald Trump savages Biden's inaction on Putin [REPORT] Mr Biden said the remarks in Seattle, Washington, during a speech on Earth Day last week. He added: “I think we're in one of those moments in world history, American history, where we've reached the point where the crisis on the environment has become so obvious with the notable exception of the former president.” Donald Trump’s successor then admitted, perhaps confusingly, that he was an “automobile buff” who drives a vintage Corvette that “does nothing but pollute the air”. Republican politician Vicky Hartzler later tweeted: “On #EarthDay, Biden emitted over 200,000 pounds of CO2 flying across the country on Air Force 1 to lecture Americans about the environment.” DON'T MISS: Biden in brutal dig at Brexit Britain as he celebrates Macron & France [REVEAL]Joe Biden 'too weak' in face of Putin's invasion of Ukraine [INSIGHT]Texas holdem: Britain is set to sign 20 US deals worth trillions [REPORT] The Pentagon, which has around 260,000 tanks and military vehicles, boasts a seismic budget of $700 billion (£550 billion) intended to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions. But the US armed forces use more petrol than any other military institution to fuel jets, heat buildings and send food and supplies to roughly 750 bases across the world. Military vehicles, the industries that supply them and the forces that use them, account for only 5 percent of global emissions, and such a small portion has warranted President Biden ignoring its output before. Mr Biden pledged to cut the federal government’s carbon footprint to zero by 2050 in a December Executive Order last year but made no mention of anything relating to national security.