Royal author Tina Brown has described Megxit as a move in line with the Duke and Duchess of Sussexes' "addiction to drama". The former Vanity Fair editor made the remarks following the couple's visit to the Queen ahead of her 96th birthday last week. Speaking at New York Times podcast Sway to promote her new book, The Palace Papers: Inside The House Of Windsor - The Truth And The Turmoil, Ms Brown said the couple had made "bad choices" in their exit from the royal spotlight and could have left on better terms had they not been as "hotheaded".  Since Meghan and Harry quit royal duties and moved to the US more than two years ago, their ties to the UK have been the subject of widespread speculation.  The British public is eager to see the family visiting the Duke's home and for the Monarch to meet her granddaughter Lilibet, who is turning one in June.  Their stop at Windsor on their way to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games — their first joint UK visit since moving to America — was received with cheer by royal fans. Royal Family LIVE: 'Never wants to go back!' Meghan accused of 'disliking England'  Prince Harry told NBC's Today show about his time with Her Majesty: "It was really nice to catch up with her. "She's on great form. She's always got a great sense of humour with me." The Duke added he wanted to return to Britain with his children for the Queen's upcoming Platinum Jubilee, but was struggling with security. He insisted, however, he was "trying to make it possible that I can get my kids to meet" their grandmother. He said: "I don't know yet. There's a lot of things, with security issues and everything else." Harry has been embroiled in a legal row with the Home Office over a decision not to allow him to pay for police protection for his family while in Britain. The 37-year-old prince, who lost his taxpayer-funded police security in 2020, says his private security team does not have adequate jurisdiction abroad, meaning they cannot replicate the work of police protection in the UK, with their access to local intelligence and legal jurisdiction. Now, though, he has reportedly been reassured he, his wife and his children will be safe if they decide to travel for the much-anticipated celebrations from June 2 to June 5. A source told the Mail: "Harry was fairly pleased with the way the operation worked and the liaison between his security team and the Metropolitan Police. "He believes it means a workable solution can be found, allowing him to come over with his children as early as the Platinum Jubilee." DON'T MISSThe major moments of the Queen's reign mapped [TIMELINE]Queen could break with Trooping the Colour tradition in radical move [INSIGHT]Should Prince William work to resolve the feud with Prince Harry? [POLL] While Harry's apparent eagerness to attend the event suggests the gap between the Firm and the family of four, who settled in Montecito, Santa Barbara, is slowly closing, the Duke has made clear his California community has made the US his true home. This puts into question whether there could be truth in Ms Brown's prediction the Duke may want to make a remarkable return to royal life after the Queen dies. The author said: "I think that Harry is going to want to come back when the Queen dies to serve his country. And I think they will find a way to reel him in. "And it's possible that Meghan – maybe they will have a commuter arrangement. I don't know. I don't see Meghan ever wanting to go back. She disliked England". She added: "I actually think there is a Harry-shaped hole in the Royal Family now. And Harry was beloved, actually, by the British people. And people adored Meghan when she came into the mix. "So it was actually very, very sad for everybody that it went so wrong because they actually need Harry and Meghan now. "You should see, the Queen is failing, and she's very frail. They kind of need Harry and Meghan to bring that star power and to be on the balcony at the Jubilee. "We have to have a Royal Family up there. We can't have Andrew up there."