Since Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine over a month ago, the UK has sought to limit Russia’s ability to access funding through sanctions and by blocking Russian-flagged ships access to UK ports and waters. However, Russian trawlers are said to still be allowed access to a stretch of the ocean off the coast of Scotland that is jointly controlled by the UK and Faroe Island Governments. Government sources have said that British officials are now urging their counterparts on the islands to take a “tougher stance” with Russia. They are reportedly looking for the Faroe Islands to halt the approval of fishing licences to Russian trawlers, if not blocking access to the waters. According to the Telegraph, Government officials know of at least six Russian trawlers to have recently entered the area to fish for whitefish using Faroe Island licences. The estimated worth of the fish was put at £16million. READ MORE: Russian trawlers have access to £16m of fish in British waters A Whitehall source told the paper that ministers were concerned that allowing the boats into the waters during an upcoming fishing window would allow Russia to profit. There are fears this could go in to funding Putin’s “war machine”. Reacting to the news, Ian Ross called those responsible “woefully incompetent”, and another commented that the loophole should be closed “right now”. The UK has already pledged to place a 35 percent tariff on Russian whitefish in an attempt to economically limit the country’s fish industry. Around 30 percent of Britain’s whitefish comes from Russia, which controls as much as 45 percent of the world’s supply, according to Seafish, a non-departmental public body for the seafood sector. However, earlier this week the Government said it was temporarily halting plans due to “technicalities”, but was “totally committed” to the tariff. When the measure was first announced in response to the war in Ukraine, the UK’s domestic seafood industry expressed worries about potential price rises. The fish processing industry and fish and chip shops rely on Russian whitefish to supply Britain’s high demand, and sanctions could squeeze margins. DON'T MISS Britain braced for ‘early shortages’ of tomatoes amid rising costs [REVEAL] Jeremy Corbyn’s Ukraine remarks ‘demolished’ by former ally [REPORT] UK and US have 'big opportunity' to isolate Russia and take major ally [INSIGHT] Andrew Crook, president of the National Federation of Fish Friers, explained to Politico: “I think [the] Government wants more time to investigate the impact of sanctions on whitefish so have just held off for the time being. “We of course support any measures they deem suitable to bring the conflict to a speedier conclusion.” Now another move to block the Russian fishing industry may be stopped by technicalities – the UK is said to not be able to block access to the “special area” without the Faroe Islands on board thanks to a series of international agreements. A Government source said: “The Faroe Islands must take a tougher stance on this. Allowing Russian vessels access to an area worth around £16 million in the midst of the horrors we are seeing in Ukraine is simply wrong. “We, alongside our allies and partners, have taken urgent action to maximise damage to Putin’s war machine and degrade the Russian economy for years to come. “We will categorically not licence any Russian flagged vessels to fish anywhere in UK waters, and we will continue to urge the Faroes to follow our lead, ban these vessels, and do what is ultimately the right thing to do.” Foreign-flagged vessels can only fish in British waters if they have been granted a licence by the Government, according to international treaties brokered with other countries. The UK does not have an agreement with Russia, so Russian fishing boats are usually not permitted to fish in British waters – the Faroe Islands shared water offers them a rare opportunity. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has said already that Russian boats were “not welcome here”.