According to royal commentator Rebecca English, the Royal Family is said to be "wearied" by the drama surrounding Prince Harry earlier this week. But she said that "all three royal households were united yesterday in determination not to be dragged into a public slanging match". She continued: "They believe it is pointless and undignified and want to help keep lines of communication open with him for his grandmother's sake. "Charles is said by some to be 'weary' of the constant wranglings but buoyed by the fact he got to see his son last week. "Clarence House said it would 'not be drawn into commenting on a private meeting' but one source said Charles and Camilla had appeared 'pleased' after getting to see Harry and Meghan at Windsor." This came after Prince Harry explained his reasoning for returning to the UK in a bombshell interview with NBC's Today programme earlier this week. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex had returned to the UK on a surprise visit, ahead of their appearance at the Invictus Games. They visited the Queen at Windsor Castle, also meeting briefly with Prince Charles. Speaking about the trip, Harry said: "I’m just making sure that she’s, you know, protected and got the right people around her." The Duke did not elaborate on who he was referring to, leaving it up to speculation. But speaking about his meeting with the Queen, Prince Harry also said: "She’s always got a great sense of humour with me." READ MORE: Harry drops bombshell hint that he may RETURN to UK in major interview He added: "It was really nice to catch up with her." Ms English's comments, written for the Daily Mail, come after Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge were nearly drawn into the row when asked about it on an official engagement. During a trip to the Disasters Emergency Committee in London, a reporter shouted: "Sir, does the Queen need protecting?" The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge did not respond to the question, instead getting into their car and being driven away. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle ‘doing all she can’ to undermine Queen claim [INSIGHT] 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed [REVEAL] Kate dazzles as Duchess arrives at Easter Sunday service with William [PICTURES] Harry's interview with NBC, set up to promote the Invictus Games, also sparked speculation that he may return to the UK after he said the United States is his home "for the time being". There has been speculation that the royal may return to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, which will take place from June 2 to June 5. Speaking to the Telegraph, Ms Seward added: "Their meeting at Windsor on Thursday shows the olive branch has been offered to them and she will be hoping they accept it. "She wants to present a united family on an occasion like the Jubilee because an occasion like that certainly won’t happen again." According to the Telegraph, Harry and Meghan have been invited to stand on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the celebrations. But there are fears that Harry's recent comments may have deepened a rift with the Royal Family.