Tottenham are reportedly set to end their interest in Wolves winger Adama Traore after failed attempts in the January winter window - with the North London club set to bid for Besiktas star Ridvan Yilmaz as a replacement.  Traore was linked with Tottenham all throughout the winter, with Wolves only wanting £20million for his signature due to his ongoing contract problems. Tottenham bid £15m, but would not be forced into stumping up the fee for the Spaniard - originally leaving manager Antonio Conte irate. “For sure, it was strange to send [three] on loan and sell one player in January because it means something went wrong in the past,” Conte said after the window closed. “Usually you have to buy players to reinforce your team. But if you send away players on loan you bought in the last two or three years, it means maybe you did something wrong. "It will be very important to not make mistakes in the future because in this moment many teams are higher than us.” However, with Conte's men now fifth in the Premier League table and in a really good position to qualify for Champions League football, he will look to strengthen his squad as a result.  JUST IN: Arsenal target Gabriel Jesus refuses to rule out Man City exit amid Edu transfer ‘talks’  And with Traore set to join Barcelona permanently at the end of the season following his loan move to Catalonia at the end of January, Tottenham could bring in Yilmaz as a young option from the Turkish giants, according to Turkiye Gazettes. The report states that Tottenham are set to watch the full-back when Besiktas take on Kasimpasa on Monday evening. Their interest has been going on for a while, with Conte keen to secure the long-term future of Tottenham by making a number of young signings. The Italian has taken steps to sign Yilmaz, and they have 'knocked on the Besiktas door' with a £7m offer. However, Besiktas will not take anything less than £9m for one of their prized assets, according to the publication. It is believed that Yilmaz's dream is to play in the Premier League, and he has asked the Super Lig club to 'make it easy' in terms of a move to North London.  DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag  And with three goals and four assists to his name this season from a defensive berth, he could act as Sergio Reguilon's long-term successor and provide competition next season. Reguilon has failed to hit the heights expected of him since his £25m move from Real Madrid in 2020. 