Netflix’s real estate reality series Selling Sunset is set to debut its fifth season later this month. Ahead of its release, agent Mary Fitzgerald lifted the lid on her co-stars Chrishell Stause and Jason Oppenheim’s break-up.  Selling Sunset followed the professional and personal lives of its elite real estate brokers of The Oppenheim Group. As they sell million-dollar homes to affluent buyers across Los Angeles, the series also showcases drama among the professionals. As season five fast approaches, viewers can expect to see the beginnings of Chrishell and Jason’s romance as well as the aftermath of their split. The unlikely pair left fans stunned when they confirmed their romance in the summer of 2021.  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton in double affair drama However, after five months of romance, the two took to social media to confirm they had officially split. In their statements, the stars made it clear their break-up was an amicable decision, as Chrishell confirmed: “Our ideas for family ultimately not being aligned.” The agent added that they had nothing but the utmost love and respect for each other, as she thanked Jason for “the most incredible relationship." While Jason called Chrishell “the most amazing girlfriend I've ever had” and labelled their romance “the happiest and most fulfilling relationship of my life."  Speaking to The Mirror, Mary and her husband Romain Bonnet shared it had been a difficult time for everyone involved, despite the amicable separation. She stated: “I'm sad for both of them and obviously I'm trying to help both of them out, so is Romain.” “We talk to both of them, neither of them did anything wrong, they're just on different paths.” Mary continued: “We're there for both of them and we love both of them and we just want them to be happy, and whatever that is, we're going to support them 100 percent.”  DON'T MISS...Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series [INSIGHT]Emmerdale theory: Meena Jutla's secret as not related to Manpreet [THEORY]Selling Sunset’s new cast member teases ‘electric’ season 5 [INSIGHT] Romain, who also stars in the reality show, added Chrishell and Jason “wanted different things” and “knew that they had different visions of the future”. He explained: "They couldn't give each other what they wanted, I think even now they love each other, they knew it was better to stop it." Mary added: “Luckily both of them are very mature and they both understand that both of us being good friends to the other one, we're not ever going to betray their trust.” It was hinted Chrishell’s desire to start a family was a factor in her split with Jason. A source told Entertainment Tonight: “Chrishell wants to have kids much sooner than Jason does, she is really interested in starting a family and that's not something that is on Jason's mind right now.”  With season five expected to premiere this month, Jason spoke to The Mirror and revealed what fans can expect. He disclosed: “Season five is going to make me relive a lot of sadness, pain and loss.” “That's not something I'm looking forward to, I'm not ready to talk about what happened with Chrishell, but we just wanted different things. “Usually I'm good at getting on with business but right now, I think about her every day. It is really tough,” Jason concluded. Selling Sunset season 5 premieres on Netflix on Friday, April 22. 