Jane McDonald took Channel 5 viewers on holiday with her again and this time flew to Florida to discover the wonders both inside and out of Disneyland. Whilst excited to meet Mickey Mouse and visit the famous theme park, Jane also wanted to explore what else the state had to offer. After getting some advice from her barman, she decided to try kayaking, but she was forced to explain a rather unfortunate wardrobe mishap as she ended her kayaking experience. Touching on things that solo travellers can do when out in places such as Florida, Jane explained: "Kayaking is very good for solo travellers. "You don't need to go with someone as there are plenty of people there on their own as well. I am going to be kayaking down the Rock Springs River. "It is said to be one of the most beautiful in Florida, and thankfully I'm not on my todd today, as, on request, you can be paired up with someone!" Jane revealed to her viewers that she wanted to explore and reveal the vast things to do other than rollercoaster rides, which is why she was discovering the hidden waters. READ MORE: Esther Rantzen fumes as Queen is criticised for leaning on Andrew "I have been paired up with Debbie, who thankfully is much better at paddling than I am. Debbie moved to Florida 25 years ago after she too worked on the cruise ships, now look at us both cruising again." Whilst cruising down the river, Debbie exclaimed: "Everyone comes to Orlando and goes straight to I-Drive and the Disney parks, but this is the king of stuff that locals do." Jane agreed and added: "I am loving this! It's gorgeous here, my transparent kayak helps me get a great view of the bottom, but it's what's in front that I really need to watch." As she looked ahead, she came into a traffic queue of other kayakers and almost crashed into the other sailers. "It's like dodgem cars, this is fabulous, isn't it! The water is just so beautiful, what lush surroundings, I really didn't expect to see this so close to Orlando. "I didn't expect an upper body workout either, but I have had a blast!" As she was helped out of the kayak, Jane quipped to the camera: "Ooh, my backside is wet through, it's not attractive. "I haven't done anything it is just the water from the kayak," she cleared up. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald receives marriage proposal on same day as co-star [INSIGHT]Jane McDonald has 'awkward' moment as she boards boat in travel show [LATEST]Jane McDonald makes candid admission in new travel show [WATCH]  "It's like dodgem cars, this is fabulous, isn't it! The water is just so beautiful, what lush surroundings, I really didn't expect to see this so close to Orlando. "I didn't expect an upper body workout either, but I have had a blast!" As she was helped out of the kayak, Jane quipped to the camera: "Ooh, my backside is wet through, it's not attractive. "I haven't done anything it is just the water from the kayak," she cleared up.  "When you think of Orlando, it's loud, bang bang bang, everything fast, and then we are here, and it's so beautiful and quiet and fresh. "I am going to feel this tomorrow! This is the great thing about being solo is that you meet great friends on the way, so don't be afraid to book anything, I have had the perfect day." Viewers once again tuned in and took to social media to reveal their love for Jane and how she inspired them to book more holidays. @Sazzyness commented: "I would love to meet Mickey Mouse & give him a hug! As they say, you're never too old for Disney! #janemcdonald." @MessyNessy added: "Oh Jane, your holidaying series always gives me such inspiration! Defo want to go kayaking after seeing how beautiful your experience was." @JanesNumber1 said: "Jane McDonald forever has my heart! She is so warm, kind and incredibly funny! I defo need to start holidaying in these places more." Kirsty Saleson echoed: "Ok, now I defo have to go kayaking! Jane, you made it look so easy and fun, my family's next adventure, I feel!" (sic) Holidaying with Jane McDonald airs Sunday from 9pm on Channel 5.