Royal biographer Tina Brown said the palace has an "amazing convening power", but added that "all of that is gone" for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex after they quit as working royals. Ms Brown, who penned new book The Palace Papers, claimed Harry and Meghan have struggled since leaving the monarchy as she raised concerns about their Netflix and Spotify deals. The royal author told Washington Post Live: "They both completely underestimated what it was going to be like to be without the palace platform. "The palace has amazing convening power, every major invitation in the world comes through that conduit. All of that is now gone. "Meghan doesn't really have a brand – you feel that she is grasping at the 'Twitter caring' of the moment. Vaccinations, Ukraine, Women's rights, my 40th birthday, let's have a mentoring scheme. "Nothing is really going anywhere for Meghan. "And the whole problem, with entertainment deal is you have to produce. "They've signed with Netflix but what have we seen? Nothing. "Creating entertainment that works is very hard to do. "Their Spotify podcast is going nowhere. Netflix is not doing so well are they going to renew that contract?" READ MORE: Harry shows cruel side of his character, says Christine Kershaw Harry and Meghan ended royal duties in March 2020 and are now living in California. They have signed lucrative deals - thought to be worth well over £100 million - with Netflix and Spotify after quitting as working royals. The Sussexes have so far released one holiday special podcast epsiode on Spotify in December 2020. Meghan's first podcast series about female stereotypes, called Archetypes, was unveiled last month. DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Should Thomas Markle be welcomed to UK? [POLL]Sussex’s Jubilee invite slammed over ‘abuse’ of British public [VIDEO] 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry [INSIGHT] The former actress will speak to historians, experts and women who have experienced being typecast. In a trailer of the Archewell Audio project, the Duchess said: “This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us… but where do these stereotypes come from? “And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives? “This is Archetypes – the podcast where we dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. “I’ll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. “And I’ll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place.” Meanwhile, a camera crew filming for a Netflix documentary called Heart Of Invictus - a series from the Sussexes' Archewell Productions following people competing at the event - was seen close to the couple as they attended the Invictus Games earlier this month. 