Prince William is the current president of the British Sub-Aqua Club (BSAC), and his enthusiasm for the pastime was evident last month while the future King and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge were touring the Caribbean to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The Cambridges shared enviable footage of their scuba diving experience in Belize on their official social media channels, and the pair looked delighted to take to the deep blue to explore Belize's conservation efforts. Kate and William got to see first-hand the beauty of Belize's barrier reef at South Water Caye during their private trip. In the voiceover of the footage shared on the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's social media, William was heard saying: "It's really fantastic to see the underwater environment here in Belize and what wonderful work they've been doing to protect the coral and fish life. "Belize's work on marine protection is world-leading, which is crucial when you're protecting the world's second-largest barrier reef and in fact, it's a UNESCO world heritage site. "It's clear to see the Belizeans value their environment, whether it's the marine environment or the land environment.  READ MORE: Meghan 'had to shrink' for Royal Family like 'Alice in Wonderland' "It's great to see their commitments go further and further. We should support them and value their efforts to protect both the marine and the land environments." Both William and Kate are known to be experienced scuba divers, and the pair may well hope to pass their skills on to their three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. If Prince George showed an interest in the sport he could follow a royal tradition, as both the late Prince Philip and Prince Charles served as president of BSAC before Prince William. Prince Philip took on the role between 1960 and 1963, and Prince Charles' tenure began in 1974. Charles is also a keen scuba diver, and the Prince has dived to view the Mary Rose and under arctic ice in northern Canada previously.  William, a known scuba diving enthusiast, took on the baton from his father in 2014. At an event several years ago, Prince William spoke to BSAC members about his hopes that his then-baby son Prince George would "follow in our footsteps". He said: "It's a great honour to be here with my father and accept the presidency of the British Sub-Aqua Club, continuing that from my grandfather as well." He added: "I hope that one day my son George might follow in our footsteps.  DON'T MISS:Why Philip's Duke of Edinburgh title went to Charles not Edward [INSIGHT]Kate wore Queen's necklace as 'bittersweet' tribute to Prince Philip [PICTURES]How will the Queen mark Prince Philip's death anniversary? [ANALYSIS] "For the moment bath time is quite painful, but I imagine as he gets a little bit older, donning a mask and snorkel might calm him down." Kate is believed to have qualified as a diver back in 2015, completing the Professional Association of Diving Instructors (PADI) Advanced Open Water Diver award. The Cambridges also reportedly holiday in Mustique regularly, where Kate is thought to have earned her diving qualification. William has also reportedly looked for sharks during deep dives at the idyllic holiday spot. 