Princess Beatrice gave birth to Sienna Mapelli Mozzi in September 2021 and still looks incredible. Just recently at Prince Philip’s memorial service on March 29, the Princess stunned in her Nonoo Lyons ‘Beatrice’ mini coat which she has worn since 2010. The mini coat was cinched in the waist and looked the same on Beatrice in 2022 as it did 12 years prior.  So what diet and exercise routine has Beatrice followed since giving birth? Dr Charlotte Norton, Medical Director at The Slimming Clinic explained to Express.co.uk: “I’m sure there would have been a lot of factors which contributed to Princess Beatrice’s impressive post-baby weight loss. “One of the things that aids with weight loss significantly is breastfeeding. “While the amount of weight that can be lost via breastfeeding varies person to person, typically an individual could look at burning between 500 and 700 calories per day. READ MORE: 'I do every day' Dr Mosley says squats are best exercise to lose fat   “In order to achieve sustainable weight loss, it is likely that the Princess would have had a high-fibre diet consisting of foods such as avocados, berries, beans, broccoli and more. “Fibre is great for making you feel fuller for longer, which as a result, curbs snacking throughout the day,” claimed Dr Charlotte. She added: “In addition to this, stocking up healthy proteins such as lean meats, eggs and dairy would have boosted metabolism and decreased appetite which would have aided in weight loss. “Coupling a healthy and nutritious diet with exercise would have also contributed to her weight loss, however this would of course depend on the healthcare advice provided post-pregnancy.  “Lastly, sufficient water intake aids in the removal of toxins from the body and boosts metabolism. “Drinking a glass or two of warm water first thing in the morning can aid in weight loss and belly fat reduction.” What specific exercise routines did Beatrice follow? Dr Charlotte continued: “I think it is likely that Princess Beatrice would have focussed on dieting and exercise prior to having a baby and perhaps continued this on throughout pregnancy with professional guidance and advice.  “It is quite normal for those who exercise regularly pre-pregnancy to continue this throughout pregnancy, which can of course aid in post-pregnancy weight loss. “That being said, exercise post-pregnancy would largely depend on the type of pregnancy that Princess Beatrice experienced. “While it is normal to begin exercising soon after giving birth, depending on the trauma to the body, it may differ from person to person. “I imagine that providing Princess Beatrice’s birth was healthy, then she would have certainly implemented some cardio and resistance training to aid her in losing weight.”  Michael Brigo, a personal trainer from BriGo Personal Training told Express.co.uk: “Princess Beatrice gave birth in autumn and she’s already looking in great shape. “Diet is a major factor in any weight loss plan ever more so when pregnant. “It’s certain she embarked on a post-natal exercise to strengthen her body followed by a progressively more intense resistance-based exercise for body tone, strength and shape. “Plus cardio exercise for that extra calorie-burning boost!” 