Prince Harry has been accused of becoming a "Kardashian-like figure" after a US interview aired of him speaking about the Royal Family. The Duke spoke of his and wife Meghan Markle's visit to visit to see the Queen, the 37-year-old explained that he aimed to ensure the Queen “is protected”. The interview has sparked questions surrounding his new "celebrity-like" status, with former Conservative MP David Mellor likening the Duke to a "Kardashian-like" personality. "This was a real comic term", Mr Mellor said, speaking about Harry's claim that he wants to make sure the Queen is "protected" and has "the right people around her." In the discussion, he told GB News: "The most best-paid comedian couldn't be funnier than that. "What is the man [Harry] on? Or rather what is he off?" The former Conservative MP said: "You just think to yourself, he is really showing signs. READ MORE: Harry drops bombshell hint that he may RETURN to UK in major interview "What it is, his life is totally distorted now by becoming a sort-of Kardashian-type figure". He continued: "He's surrounded by people who want to photograph him because they are paying him lots of money for the privilege of filming him." Speaking of the Queen, Mr Mellor said that Her Majesty "becomes important [to them] only because he has to see the Queen for his credibility on Netflix". During their visit to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, the Sussexes were followed by a camera crew. READ MORE:'Can see it all blow up in their face again' Harry and Meghan issued ominous book warning The crew were reportedly filming a Netflix documentary about the games, called Heart of Invictus. Last year, the couple announced the production of Heart of Invictus. This is the first show of their multimillion-dollar deal. Reports have claimed that Harry will appear on camera and be credited as an executive producer on the series, which will be produced by Archewell productions. The Invictus Games began on April 16 and are due to finish this Friday, April 22. DON'T MISS: Queen Camilla would have had Diana's blessing, claims royal expert [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's mother Diana admitted 'Easter always difficult time' [REVEAL]Kate Middleton recycles baby blue Emilia Wickstead dress for Easter  [REPORT] Meghan's appearance at the Games was only announced a few days prior to the start date. The Duchess has already travelled back to the US, but Harry remains in the Netherlands. The couple made a decision to permanently step down as senior royals in 2020. They currently reside in the US with their two young children, who did not travel to Europe with their parents.