Netweather forecaster Jo Farrow said that the weather will be "settled and dry" over the weekend, with temperatures reaching into the early 20s at the beginning of May. Ms Farrow said that the weather will feel warm in the sunshine. Barcelona is due to be cooler than the UK this weekend, with maximum temperatures reaching 20C on Friday and Saturday. Temperatures drop to 19C on Sunday and 18C on Monday. The city will see rainfall on Saturday and Monday. Forecasting for the bank holiday weekend in the UK, Ms Farrow said: "Temperatures look to stay in the mid to high teens, perhaps just managing 20 or 21C at the very start of May. "Through Saturday a small low pressure rolls in from the northwest, disrupting the steady, settled weather within the high pressure. "However the high is well established and holds on. "The low loses its identity and the rain that arrives during Saturday will weaken and fade over western Britain and Northern Ireland on Sunday morning. READ MORE: UK Weather: Brits set for Bank Holiday sun "This small Saturday low looks to pull some milder air over Ireland and northern Britain, so a change from the cold flow from the north at least." Ms Farrow said that temperatures over the weekend will be warmer than those seen in the UK over the last week. The forecaster said: "This week has felt pleasant in any sunshine but cold once the sun sets, or in a breeze off the North Sea or even under the thick cloud. DON'T MISS: Spain weather: Muddy rain and storms hit the Costa del Sol [REPORT] How to keep your plants watered while you're on holiday [INSIGHT]Britain to be hotter than Madrid with warm 19C conditions TODAY [ANALYSIS] "This is what has kept the day temperatures in the range of 11 to 17C. "Cardiff managed 17.5C on Tuesday. "With milder air, the temperatures will nudge up, to the high teens and could tip just into the low twenties, but still needing the sunshine." She continued: "Sunday will see more central and eastern areas in the high teens Celsius. "By Monday, warm for southern Britain and Manchester, and Glasgow." Over the Easter bank holiday weekend, the UK saw record-breaking temperatures. St James Park in London recorded highs of 23.4C, making it the hottest day of the year so far.