The 33-year-old was last seen at 9.30am on April 22, when she got in a Ford Transit Van registered MT57 FLC. Police believe she travelled towards the Bolton by Bowland area. Andrew Burfield, 50, of Todmorden Road, Burnley, is due to appear at Blackburn Magistrates’ Court at 10am on Thursday. He is charged with murdering the mum-of-two from Padiham, Lancashire Police said. Following the news, Katie’s family have been informed and continue to be supported by specially trained officers. A huge search, including around 60 police officers from Lancashire, North Wales, Merseyside and Greater Manchester, is underway. It has focused on parts of Gisburn Forest and the main area of interest measures more than 4.6 square miles and is popular with walkers and cyclists. The police requested that members of the public did not try and join the searches as the area was "very large and remote with no phone signal". Detective Superintendent Gary Brooks added: "I would hate for someone to get lost or come to harm while trying to help. Please leave it to us." On Tuesday, Lancashire Police said it shifted from a missing person investigation to a murder inquiry. They said: "While Katie has not yet been found, and the search for her is continuing, detectives are now working on the basis that she is sadly no longer alive." Ms Kenyon was described as 5ft 9in with shoulder length highlighted hair and was last seen wearing a blue shirt and white vest top, black leggings and flip flops. Gerard Tubb, Sky's North of England correspondent said officers are working with psychological profiling computer systems that can tell them "where they should look and what their search parameters should be." Mr Tubb was told by officers that they expected the search to be resolved fairly quickly, however, he said "history tells us that in terrain like this, thousands of acres of forest, it can take a long time for a body to be found." The family passed on their thanks for all the well-wishing messages but asked for the public to respect their privacy at this time.