Last week, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were spotted making a surprise visit to the Queen ahead of their appearance at the Invictus Games in The Hague this week. However, given the pair’s departure from the Royal Family and royal duties as well as ongoing deals with Spotify and Netflix, GB News hosts Isabel Webster and Eamonn Holmes were keen to discuss the motives behind their surprise visit as well as reports the Duke and Duchess of Sussex could be asked by Her Majesty to join her on the balcony at the upcoming Jubilee. And in doing so, Eamonn pulled no punches in his assessment of Harry given his step back from royal life - particularly after spotting a key similarity between him and his father, Prince Charles, in a recent interview. Columnist Emily Carver kicked off the discussion about Harry and Meghan’s possible balcony appearance as she said: “There were lots of reports over the weekend about whether Harry and Meghan will turn up to the Jubilee and whether they should. “Some sources were saying they would be a distraction, but the Daily Express is saying they may well be invited onto the balcony during the proceedings. “So that would be a change in what -“ she went on before Eamonn quipped: “Well, you’d love to be a fly on the wall or a pillar in there, wouldn’t you?” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan flies home WITHOUT Harry- 'resolve conflict' The panel let out a laugh before Emily continued: “So they’re talking about whether there will be a conflict between the Cambridges and the Sussexes. “They’re (also) talking about whether Prince Andrew should be up there really considering the allegations against him. “(And) they’re also talking about whether there will be a risk of booing as a result - jeering from the crowd.” Eamonn and Isabel were visibly surprised at the fears before the latter weighed in: “I really do not see that happening. “Irrespective of people’s views of Meghan and Harry, I do think if the Queen is on the balcony, it’s her big party -“ Isabel went on before Eamonn offered a differing side of view. The GB News breakfast host argued: “But people are people. And they know... they hear Harry is going to write a book in which he’s going to slag off his dad and his step-mum as well, so it hasn’t all gone away. “And also the sneak nature in which they got into the country last week, they go and see the Queen -“ Isabel interjected and pointed out: “While his brother’s away on a skiing holiday…” DON'T MISS:Prince Harry praises Invictus Games Ukraine team as 4 members killedPrince Harry once wore 'budgie smugglers' at Invictus Games eventMeghan admits she and Harry 'couldn't decide' on Archie's first name Eamonn continued: “The funny thing I noticed Emily, there was an interview at the Invictus Games, and he’s so like his father. “He doesn’t want to be like his father but he sits there and he says, ‘I think what is happening here is extraordinary. It’s extraordinary.’ “He keeps choosing the word ‘extraordinary’ which is a favourite of Prince Charles when he talks about things. “And I kept thinking, ‘He will hate that, that he’s more like his father than he would like to be’.” Emily then joked: “We all morph into our parents, don’t we? “No matter how much we try not to. We probably end up being similar parents as well. But yeah, there’s a lot going on.” The Palace has refused to comment on Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s potential appearance at the Jubilee Prince Andrew has vehemently denied all of the allegations made against and reached a settlement with Virginia Giuffre outside of court. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays at 6am on GB News.