The Queen stepped out of her Norfolk residence on her 96th birthday. The sovereign appeared healthy and in high spirits as she donned a colourful headscarf and sunglasses. Moreover, Her Majesty looked stylish as she wore her signature bright lipstick. The Queen was helicoptered to Norfolk from her Windsor home on Wednesday, and she is expected to remain there for the next few days. According to the Mirror, the monarch may host a small gathering over the weekend, featuring tea and cake. Among those tipped to attend there are Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Prince William and their three children, who often spend their weekends at Anmer Hall, their countryside residence on the Sandringham Estate. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here During her stay in Norfolk, the monarch is believed to be residing at Wood Farm, the five-bedroom cottage which became Prince Philip's main residence between 2017 and the beginning of the pandemic. One royal source said: "The Queen is taking a well-earned break and will mark her birthday very modestly this year. "She feels very at home at Wood Farm and close to her beloved husband and it’s wonderful she was able to travel to enjoy the getaway." The Queen made a public appearance as tributes for her birthday continue to come in from both fans and leading personalities. READ MORE: Harry accused of 'taking advantage' of Queen for Netflix documentary Kate and Prince William shared this morning via their official social media accounts a sweet message for the Queen. It read: "Wishing Her Majesty The Queen a very happy 96th birthday today! "An inspiration to so many across the UK, the Commonwealth and the world, it’s particularly special to be celebrating in this #PlatinumJubilee year." Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, also joined in on the celebrations, sharing via their own Twitter account a series of pictures and a brief statement dedicated to the sovereign.  It read: "Wishing Her Majesty The Queen a particularly special 96th birthday today, as we celebrate her Platinum Jubilee year." Prime Minister Boris Johnson also paid tribute to the record-breaking sovereign on her birthday. Number 10 released on Twitter a minute-long video in which the Conservative leader praised the Queen's dedication to the country and the Commonwealth. He said: "I am delighted to wish your majesty a very happy birthday and to pay my heartfelt tribute to your 70 years of dedicated and faultless service to our country and the Commonwealth. "Millions of people cherish a particular moment of your reign, and for me, it has to be the opening ceremony of the London Olympics in 2012, when Your Majesty arrived, at least figuratively, by jumping from a helicopter escorted by James Bond. "And then the trumpet sounded and Your Majesty made your entrance and the entire stadium rose as one and burst into applause. "Thousands of people from almost every country in the world with a billion more watching at home and that fantastic moment showed yet again Your Majesty's unique ability to bring people together in joyful harmony. "And as we look forward to celebrating your Platinum Jubilee in June, our hearts swell with appreciation and pride that Your Majesty is our Queen." The Queen's birthday was also celebrated at 12pm by The King’s Troop Royal Horse Artillery. At Hyde Park, the regiment fired a 41 gun salute - an honour reserved only for the Queen and the Prince of Wales.