Yasmeen Kausar, 65, is being blamed by the family of her 65-year-old husband for his death by strangling, in a town near Rawalpindi in Punjab. The couple, which hold both British and Pakistani passports, reportedly travelled to Pakistan after the death of the husband’s younger brother. They have a sprawling £1.5million home in Leeds, West Yorks, while the late husband, Mohammad Farooq, is the director of a British property firm. He also runs a hotel in Leeds and one in Rawalpindi in Pakistan, which is owned by his family. Mr Farooq’s body was found in a burnt down car in a rubbish dump in Morgah, near Islamabad, on April 1. Police believe that he was strangled at the family's Pakistan home by two younger men, one of which was the lover of his wife. The lawyer of Mr Farooq’s family claims that his wife arranged his murder, offering her lover a new life in the UK. Mrs Kausar was arrested by police earlier this month and charged with hiring two men to kill her husband. She is currently being held in prison in the country as she awaits trial. On her side, the woman insists she is innocent and denies plotting her husband's murder. Mr Farooq family's lawyer, Malik Shahnwar-Noon, claimed that the incident was a "pre-planned, brutal murder". He suggested that there is evidence such as CCTV footage proving that the wife planned and executed the murder along with her lover. The lawyer claimed that her motives include access to her husband's assets in Pakistan. He said Mr Farooq's three daughters and two sons were left devastated by his death, adding: “Mr Farooq was a very kind person who was loved by all his friends and family, it is a very difficult time for everyone. "The family is very upset, it is obviously a very big incident and has caused a big trauma." Investigating officer Abdul Wahab confirmed that police suspected Ms Kausar was having an affair with the worker and "was in constant contact with him" prior to the murder. A court hearing is expected to take place on April 30 where it is thought she will enter a plea. The Foreign Office has confirmed it is in contact with local authorities about the detention of a British woman in the country. A spokesman said: “We are in contact with the local authorities in Pakistan following the death of a British man and are providing consular support to his family.” A friend of Mr Farooq's family - who did not wish to be named - paid tribute, saying: "He was a very nice, very humble person. "He was a great guy and a great human being. He did a lot for charity, he was very kind, considerate and humble. "He was always joking, he was full of life and had a great sense of humour. "To be murdered in such a brutal way is just terrible. "It hurts so much that he's been taken away in this way. "She promised him a new life in England and said if you do this for me, I will give you a new life in England." Ms Kausar's son, Sajid Bashir, has launched a petition pleading his mother's innocence and asking the British government to monitor her welfare in prison.