Princess Anne and her husband, Vice-Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence, jetted off to Sydney on their way to Papua New Guinea, where they will mark the Queen's 70th year on the throne as part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Princess Royal donned a stunningly classic green ensemble, which was viewed as a subtle tribute to her late father, Prince Philip, on the first anniversary of his death. And Sir Timothy bonded with locals from the Northern Districts as they discussed the recent floods that caused devastation in the area. 9News Australia reporter Mike Dalton said: "The princess in minty green with teal piping, possibly an homage on the anniversary of the Duke of Edinburgh's death a year ago. "The green is reportedly a favourite of her father." He continued: "The couple taking in the displays at their first stop at the show, the royals having insight into the winning region's recent floods. Northern District Exhibit's co-manager Peter Barratt told the broadcaster Timothy Laurence took a special interest in discussing the recent flood due to his family link to the region. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG Mr Barratt said: "Sir Tim actually has a brother who lives in Lismore, at Lismore Heights. "So he had a relationship with all of the floods that were in the area over the last month." The couple started their three-day visit at the Sunday Royal Easter Show, which this year marked its bicentenary. Princess Anne first attended the event in 1970, when she travelled to Australia with the Queen, the Duke of Edinburgh, and Prince Charles. READ MORE: 'Self-absorbed' Meghan and Harry spark FURY with Invictus trip despite UK security row  The Princess Royal, as a patron of the Royal Agricultural Society of the Commonwealth, had opened the show on behalf of Her Majesty once before, in 1988. Princess Anne and Sir Timothy will continue their tour with a meeting with the New South Wales Rural Fire Service and those affected by devastating bushfires and the recent floods that continue to plague Sydney and Australia's east coast. The royal couple will then move on to Papua New Guinea on Monday, where they will stay for two days. Princess Anne is expected to open a Women's Resource Centre at Vabukori Village and the National Cardiac Diagnostic Centre at Port Moresby General Hospital. DON'T MISS Queen and Prince Charles in 'dual monarchy' for 'some time' [INSIGHT]'You used to shout at me so much' Harry jokes with Sandhurst PTI [VIDEO]Meghan told to 'address thorny family issues' on Archetypes podcast [ANALYSIS] Princess Anne is the latest member of the Royal Family to embark on a special royal tour helping the Queen celebrate her 70th year on the throne across the Commonwealth. Her Majesty herself stopped conducting visits abroad in 2015 when she visited Germany on a three-day tour. Prince Charles, and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall last month visited the island of Ireland, where they were seen learning the steps of a traditional Irish dance as well as meeting with recently-arrived Ukrainian refugees. Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge's visit to the Caribbean was marred by some protests and discussions about Jamaica and Belize joining Barbados in removing the Queen as their head of state. Prince Edward and Sophie, the Countess of Wessex have also been included in the celebration efforts and will visit St Vincent and the Grenadines later this month.