Over the last two days, the Prime Minister has clearly been enjoying a warm welcome contrasting with the venomous mood at Westminster. Back on the world diplomatic stage after the covid break, he was on characteristically enthusiastic and jovial form. The boosterish old Boris was back. Whether it was sporting a bindi on his forehead, donning a turban and a garland of flowers or touring temples and palaces, the Prime Minister revealed in the colour and vibrancy of the country. Becoming the first serving Conservative prime minister to visit Gujarat was a significant diplomatic moment. The region is a powerhouse driving India’s economic growth as well as being the ancestral home of more than half of the people of Indian descent now living in the UK. Amid blazing sunshine and searing temperatures of up to 40C the seemingly never-ending “partygate” scandal remained a cloud on the horizon throughout the tour.Mr Johnson dealt with sustained questions about the row with good humour during the flight to Ahmedabad. His patience became more strained after a call from Tory chief whip Chris Heaton-Harris conveying uncomfortable news about the Commons wrangle over a standards probe. Yet the conclusion of the trip, with significant progress on a trade deal set to become a jewel in the Brexit crown, showed Mr Johnson is determined not to allow Westminster wobbles to dampen his energetic push build Global Britain. Insiders present during his negotiations with Mr Modi said there was a close personal connection. “I have never seen such agreement between two leaders,” said one source. Mr Johnson once famously took the controls of a JCB bulldozer in a stunt to illustrate pledge to “Get Brexit Done.” In India, he was again in the driving seat of one of those vehicles to demonstrate the strengthening of commercial ties between the UK and the country.The man who got Brexit done is bent on making Brexit a success. Tory MPs staying loyal to Mr Johnson through his current difficulties argue that he gets the big decisions right and has the energy to help the UK succeed. They can be expected to cite the success of his visit to India as clear evidence of their case.