Chelsea and Manchester City's hopes of luring Erling Haaland to the Premier League in the summer have been dealt a blow following reports that hint that Kylian Mbappe could snub Real Madrid to stay with Paris Saint-Germain. The Spanish giants have also been linked with Haaland and could go all out to sign the striking prodigy if they miss out on a deal for Mbappe. Haaland has become one of the most coveted players in the world after netting 80 goals in just 80 games during his two-year spell from Borussia Dortmund, who are desperate to hang onto their talisman. But, there is an expectation at the club that Haaland will quit the club in the summer when a reported £67million release clause in his contract finally kicks in. Unsurprisingly, Haaland's remarkable returns have won him a host of fans across Europe; particularly in the Premier League. Manchester City have long been credited with an interest in signing Haaland, whose father also played for the club. City's bitter rivals, Manchester United, have also been seen as viable contenders in the race to snap up the 21-year-old's signature - although recent reports claim that the Old Trafford hierarchy have conceded defeat in their bid to sign Haaland and have instead turned their attention to a blockbuster summer move for Harry Kane. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Wayne Rooney backs Liverpool to beat Man City in crunch clash However, City are still likely to face competition from the Premier League - as well as clubs elsewhere in Europe - for Haaland at the end of the season. According to SPORT, Chelsea have held 'fresh' talks with the striker's agent, Mino Raiola, over bringing the striker to Stamford Bridge. But while the Blues may be eager to snap up another elite striker - just 12 months on from shelling out a club-record £97.5m for Romelu Lukaku - their interest in Haaland could be short-lived. According to a new report from L'Equipe, PSG are could offer Mbappe the captain's armband in one final attempt to persuade Mbappe to snub interest from Real Madrid. And Mbappe himself dropped a hint at the weekend that he could still pen a new contract with the club. DON'T MISS...Man Utd flop Anthony Martial hits new low with Sevilla loanLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'happy' with Mohamed Salah contract talksGary Lineker raves over Barcelona starlet Pedri during Sevilla win And if their attempts to convince Mbappe to remain in Paris are successful, then that's likely to impact directly on City and Chelsea's hopes of striking a deal for Haaland. Real Madrid are also known to be admirers of the Dortmund star - and there have even been claims that Real were keen to snap up both him and Mbappe in the summer. But regardless of whether or not those ambitions were realistic, Real would surely step up their efforts to sign Haaland if they miss out on Mbappe. And even with the riches that Chelsea and City would be able to offer Haaland, the prospect of playing at the Bernabeu - for arguably the biggest club in the world - would be an enticing prospect for the Norwegian ace. Real's ability to put together a lucrative financial package for Haaland would be likely impacted by a deal to sign Mbappe; even if the club have made noises over signing both. That could open the door for the likes of Chelsea and Manchester City to sign Haaland - but until Mbappe's future is resolved, it's unclear over who has the advantage in the race for Europe's hottest striker.