On Wednesday, the future Queen and Princess Anne will join forces for a rare royal engagement with one another. The royals, who do not often collaborate, are to visit the Royal College of Midwives and the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists together. Kate and Anne will spend their time at the institutions hearing about the ways they are working to improve maternal health care. Kate, who has three children, serves as patron of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists while Anne, who has two children, is the patron of the Royal College of Midwives. Kate has been open in the past about life with her young family and what it is like raising children. The Duchess is mother to Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six and Prince Louis, four. Kate has also opened up about suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum, which caused severe vomiting during her pregnancies. Speaking during her first podcast interview, Kate said the illness meant she was "not the happiest of pregnant people". In 2020, the Duchess sat down with Giovanna Fletcher for an episode of the Happy Mum, Happy Baby podcast. She told Ms Fletcher that having tried everything to overcome the illness, she realised the importance of “mind over body”. The Duchess joked: "I'm not going to say that William was standing there sort of, chanting sweet nothings at me. "He definitely wasn't. I didn't even ask him about it, but it was just something I wanted to do for myself." Kate added: "I saw the power of it really, the meditation and the deep breathing and things like that, that they teach you in hypnobirthing, when I was really sick, and actually I realised that this was something I could take control of, I suppose, during labour. It was hugely powerful." The symptoms of hyperemesis gravidarum can be extremely uncomfortable — sufferers can experience intense nausea and vomiting, which may be several times a day. Royal biographer Penny Junor described the condition as “debilitating” as she discussed Kate’s pregnancies during the 2018 Netflix documentary, ‘The Royal Wives of Windsor’. DON'T MISS Kate Middleton is 'special' while Sophie Wessex is more 'accessible' [ANALYSIS] King Felipe VI's staggering wealth laid bare for first time [REVEAL]Camilla taking on Queen Consort title was 'not inevitable' [REPORT] Kate suffered the sickness during her pregnancies with George, Charlotte and Louis. Kensington Palace released a statement in 2017 about Kate experiencing the condition while she was pregnant with her youngest. It read: “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are very pleased to announce that the Duchess of Cambridge is expecting their third child. “The Queen and members of both families are delighted with the news. As with her previous two pregnancies, The Duchess is suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum. “Her Royal Highness will no longer carry out her planned engagement at the Hornsey Road Children's Centre in London today. “The Duchess is being cared for at Kensington Palace.”  During today’s visit, Kate and Anne are expected to learn how the Royal College of Midwives and the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists  have collaborated to improve their maternal health care and ensure those who are pregnant receive the safest and best treatment possible. Despite suffering from the severe morning sickness, Kate appears to be open to having more children. In February, the Duchess joked that she was “broody” as she met babies in Copenhagen during a two-day visit to learn more about early year’s development of children. However, William seems to have ruled out the possibility of a fourth child. Last month, during a visit to Lancashire, the Duke made a cheeky joke about his wife’s broodiness. While visiting a Church on the Street in Burnley, the Duchess held three-month-old Anastasia Barrie while standing beside her parents Trudi, a volunteer, and Alastair Barrie, who is on the centre's committee. William, looking at his wife gazing at the baby, said: "Don't give her any ideas.” Turning to Kate, he then said: “You can't take her with you.”