Newcastle are being prevented from appointing Dan Ashworth as the club's sporting director as a result of Brighton's insistence on a £5million fee to allow him to make the switch to Tyneside, according to reports. The Magpies identified Ashworth as the man to lead their recruitment strategy after the completion of their Saudi-backed takeover in October but will be unable to welcome him into his new role until at least November as things stand. Ashworth has been on gardening leave at Brighton since resigning from his post at the club in February but will not be allowed to join Newcastle until he has served his notice period, according to the Daily Mail. The report claims that the Seagulls are demanding a £5m payment from Newcastle in order to accelerate the move, which has been in the pipeline for a number of months.Newcastle are said to be reluctant to meet Brighton's exorbitant demands, with shareholders Amanda Staveley and Mehrdad Ghodoussi not willing to pay over the odds in order to achieve their goals. However, they are believed to be frustrated over their inability to reach a compromise with Brighton to install Ashworth, who is expected to oversee the club’s restructuring process over the coming years.Eddie Howe is prepared to fill some of the void until Ashworth can be appointed at St James' Park, though, as he did in January to aid the club's mid-season recruitment drive. Newcastle ended up signing a total of five players before the end of the window but will be hoping to step up their efforts in the transfer market when Ashworth can finally be instilled as their new sporting director in November. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard reacts as relegation threat intensifies Ashworth joined Brighton in 2019 after making a name for himself at West Bromwich Albion and with the Football Association. He earned plenty of plaudits during his time with the Baggies and was credited with the bargain signings of a number of first-team stars including the likes of Graham Dorrans, Youssuf Mulumbu and Jonas Olsson.Part of his role at the FA saw Ashworth present a vision for 'England's DNA', which outlined the plan to give promising young players greater experience to help build a culture of success on the international stage. England boss Gareth Southgate waxed lyrical over Ashworth's influence when quizzed on the matter back in 2018 after the under-17 and under-20 sides won their respective World Cups during his time with the organisation. "Having recently attended a FIFA conference with Dan, we walked in the room as semi-finalists at a major tournament for the first time in 28 years but, perhaps even more significantly, as world champions at under-17 and under-20 level," Southgate told reporters at the time."In terms of the work of a technical director, I don't think he could have had a bigger impact with the plans he put in place at the FA and the way that the national teams have progressed in the time Dan has been in charge. That's coupled with the transition into St George's Park and the outstanding staff structure he's put in place, I think he can be really proud." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here