The BBC One programme underwent a huge format change last year with Paddy McGuinness replacing longstanding host Sue Barker. Meanwhile, Olympian hockey player Sam Quek and rugby star Ugo Monye replaced Matt Dawson and Phil Tuffnell as team captains. The shake-up has received a mixed reaction from viewers, with the series being branded "soulless" following the latest instalment. The show, which is now in its 51st series, sparked uproar when it was announced Sue, Phil and Matt had been axed from the programme. Question of Sport fans were apprehensive when the show returned to BBC One last September and reservations have continued months into the series. During the latest instalment, Sam was joined by rugby union player Ben Earl and English cricketer Alex Hartley. Ugo was accompanied by Irish National Hunt jockey Mick Fitzgerald and English footballer Curtis Davies. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Meena Jutla to fall pregnant before she exits  Despite the impressive lineup of guests, swarms of viewers took to Twitter to hit out at the series. Jordan bluntly commented: "A Question of Sport is soulless." @TheBootBank1 added: "How bad is @BBCSport Question Of Sport? What has happened to this once iconic programme?" @jaiYealexander said: "God I hate this new Question of Sport. It’s so awkward now when in the old one, they all seemed like actual friends."    Spencer Archer fumed: "@BBC you have absolutely spoiled @QuestionofSport." However, some viewers enjoyed the latest instalment and sportswoman Alex's performance on the show. Jack Rule remarked: "That was an absolute cracker from @AlexHartley93! Somehow I think that might be played again a few times this summer!! @QuestionofSport." Maddy Allen, who was watching the show with her dad, said: "Netball question on Question of Sport, nice and easy even my dad got it." DON'T MISS...Question of Sport backlash as fans slam 'format' change [UPDATE]Question of Sport viewers in uproar over guests 'Not even athletes'  [REACTION]Paddy McGuinness looks unrecognisable with long curls in 90s snap [PICTURES]   Sam's team won Friday's instalment of the show by scoring 25 points, whereas Ugo's team secured 22 points. Paddy described the episode as "tight" and congratulated Sam's team for winning their victory. "Well done, that was tight. We might have to get a new buzzer for you Mick, I think you have ruined yours," Paddy quipped following the final round. Team captain Ugo recently opened up to Express.co.uk about his role on the show.  He said: “Being a captain on A Question of Sport and Strictly [Come Dancing], the largest show on telly, comes with its pressures. "But they’re privileges because the alternative is that you don't do them - and I'd rather do them. “I think whenever I do anything, my number one goal is that I want to give the best account of myself." A Question of Sport continues next Friday at 7.30pm on BBC One. 