Netflix will follow the Duke and Duchess of Sussex throughout the trip as part of the couple's $100million deal with the media giant, who are making a documentary about the Paralympic-style games for military veterans, according to a news report by Daily Mail. The film crew will be given exclusive access to the couple in the Hague and are expected to film the behind closed doors meeting between Harry and Meghan and the Invictus team from the war-torn country, the report stated.  Harry and Meghan - who have been given so-called VVIP (very, very important person) status by the Dutch authorities - will also be filmed being feted by competitors and their families throughout their trip. However, critics have accused the couple of cashing in on the games by allowing the Netflix cameras into private meetings. And royal experts believe the VVIP status given the couple will allow Netflix to portray the couple in a particularly favourable light. A social media user Lady of the Mercians tweeted: “Private meeting you say? With a Netflix camera crew in attendance?”  A second Twitter user Pheobe dinsmore tweeted: “Filmed and shown on their documentary. So not private then. Quelle surprise.” A third user Graeme menzies tweeted: “Is it private if it includes a film crew?” Meghan is expected to arrive with her husband in the Netherlands on Friday and she is expected to stay for four days.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry announce TWO new huge partnerships A minute's silence will be held for those who have died in the Ukraine conflict at the start of the opening ceremony at the Zuiderpark in The Hague on Saturday night. It will be Meghan's first overseas trip since quitting the Royal Family in 2020 and moving to California. The event has been postponed twice due to the pandemic and it was at the 2017 games in Toronto that the royal couple were seen together for the first time. Months later they announced their engagement.  DON'T MISS: Elon Musk’s latest £34 million Twitter bid leaves people shakenUS can’t ‘take lightly’ Putin's nuclear threat, warns CIA chief ‘Leading from front’ Remainer Stanley Johnson U-turns on UK's EU exit