Ralf Rangnick has been torn to shreds in the press over the last 24 hours after his Manchester United team lost 4-0 away at Liverpool. The loss further put a dent in any form of hope they had in finishing in the top four - and former Aston Villa striker Gabriel Agbonlahor has hit out at the German by asking if he got his coaching badges "at Argos."  Goals from Mohamed Salah, Diogo Jota and Sadio Mane put the Red Devils to the sword without any form of reply. Things looked destined to be doomed from the off when Rangnick selected a five-at-the-back formation, with Phil Jones playing for just the second time this season and out of sorts Marcus Rashford leading the line. With the scoreline standing at 2-0 after just 20 minutes, United looked down and out with just a quarter of the game gone. And after mustering just one shot on target all game, with 28 per cent possession, Agbonlahor has questioned Rangnick's credentials. "The biggest thing for me is that, yes it might not be a derby, but it's been a big rivalry between both teams over the years," Agbonlahor said on talkSPORT. "And that wasn't a game where there was a rivalry at all. Manchester United players - it was like watching 11 statues behind the ball! READ MORE: Three players Arsenal can sign to fix issue Ian Wright has picked out  "You can play five at the back, and yes it can be a defensive formation, but look at the second goal. Look how easy it is for the second goal, look how easy it is for [Sadio] Mane to turn and put [Mohamed] Salah in. "[Diogo] Dalot is playing left-wing-back, you've got Phil Jones in the team who has not played all season, I mean honestly. Did Rangnick get his coaching badges from Argos? "I feel that myself and new players that have got their coaching badges deserve more of a chance than some of these guys that are getting jobs. That formation and team that he put out there last night, I don't know what he is thinking." DON'T MISS  United sit just sixth in the table, a huge 22 points behind Jurgen Klopp's relentless Reds. And with Chelsea and Arsenal providing their next two challenges, Champions League qualification could be all but over if they prevail without a point. 