Tottenham legend David Ginola pretended to walk away from the Sky Sports studio after covering the north Londoners' 5-1 win over Newcastle on Sunday - with Graeme Souness telling him that presenter Dave Jones 'sets traps' on questions they answer that will 'embarrass them two weeks later'. Souness and Jermain Defoe are regular pundits on Sky Sports, with the Scot having covered Premier League clashes in the studio for a number of years. And with Tottenham's fixture against Newcastle being shown on Sky Sports' 'Super Sunday', a pundit who played for both teams was brought in. Ginola was chosen having appeared for the pair for a combined five years - with the Gassin-born star signing for Tottenham from the north-east outfit in 1997. Following the dismantling of Eddie Howe's men by a rampant Spurs side, Ginola made comments that the north London outfit will 'probably win every game', the charismatic Frenchman was told by Souness that presenter Jones asks questions to 'set a trap' so that they can be embarrassed by their comments two weeks down the line. JUST IN: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds "That's not how Super Sunday works," Souness said as Jones laughed in the background. "We're prodding you! I'll tell you how it works. "He's setting the traps for you, a problem, so that you say that on television. And then in a couple of weeks time, they show it somewhere on one of the channels and embarrasses us! And that is how it works." An attentive Ginola listened to every word the former Liverpool player had to say, before weighing in with his verdict on the matter. "So I will come back in two weeks time? Okay. See you!" the former Lilywhites wing wizard joked.  DON'T MISSGary Lineker threatens to block Match of the Day Twitter account over Man Utd post[SOCIAL]Newcastle plotting Arnaut Danjuma swap transfer with Miguel Almiron [GOSSIP]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has four glaring problems to solve after Brentford loss[COMMENT] Conte's men now sit in the top four, although bitter rivals Arsenal have a chance to leapfrog them with their two games in hand. The Gunners face Crystal Palace away from home on Monday night, with even a draw meaning they will reclaim fourth-place. However, the pressure is now on Mikel Arteta's side to produce the goods with Tottenham having won four of their last five league games.