Mark 'The Beast' Labbett was sure he had answered correctly on the ITV game show, as was contestant Jas and even her fellow team member Fred, who backed her up from the team's base. As Bradley challenged The Chase team and the quizzer though, he was proved right and as Mark tried to explain his answer, he was left red-faced as Bradley pointed out: "Who got the question right?" During Jas' round, Bradley asked: "In 2020, the Population Reference Bureau estimated how many humans have ever lived on earth?" The 61-year-old presenter added: "I love stuff like this!" The options were 17 billion, 117 billion and 517 billion. "Let's see what you've put," Bradley commented. As Jas' answer of 17 billion flashed, the comedian remarked: "17 billion... I'm not having that." READ MORE: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview "It's right," came Fred's voice from behind as the confident teammate chimed in. "You reckon it's right, Fred?" Bradley asked, to which the player replied: "Yes, I think so." "Do you?" Bradley asked, appearing surprised. He continued: "No! I'll go 117." The answer was in fact 117 billion. "Yeah, you see that's why I'm a genius," he joked. He went on: "Stay where you are, Chaser's put.... he goes 17 billion." Reflecting on Mark's incorrect answer, he added: "It had to be 117, you can't have 7.8 billion now, I might be wrong but I think the earth has been going for quite some time-" "Yeah, but we haven't," Mark argued as Bradley bragged: "Who got the question right?" "Yeah okay..." a humiliated Mark responded quietly, seemingly keen to move on. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Horror as Ollie Carter goes missing [LATEST]'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry [VIDEO]Britain's Got Talent defend 'Jim Crow' act after backlash [REACTION] "Thank you," Bradley answered smugly before he ordered: "So can it, everyone!" Players Jas, Fred, Ellie and Edward ended up all getting through to the final chase. Together they had won £25,000, and fortunately for them, their combined knowledge meant Mark couldn't catch up with them and they won the impressive amount. "That's it, so £25,000 - that's £6,250 each," the presenter commented as he asked the players what they'd do with the money.  "Take the £25,000, split it equally, guess what - you haven't been caught, you've outrun the Chaser." He added: "Congratulations!" Mark later stated: "They absolutely deserved to win. Well-played, guys." "What a team, that's how to play the game," Bradley concluded as the contestants beamed over their victory. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV. 