At least one quarter of Brits believe it is more cost effective to leave the heating on a low setting all day rather than turning it off and on. The “science” behind the claim is that it takes more energy for radiators to warm up after being off, than if they were on a low heat beforehand. While this common myth isn’t entirely far-fetched, is there really any truth behind it? While the idea has some truth to it, both British Gas and the Energy Saving Trust have claimed that it is in fact a myth that leaving your heating on all the time works out cheaper. Leaving your heating on a consistently low setting is more cost effective than running it on a high temperature, but it is best to turn it on and off as and when you need it. The main reason why it is better to conserve your heating is because houses are not entirely airtight, so the heat will escape throughout the day. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants There is no doubt that constantly using your heating will make for a warm home, but there is a much more effective way to do it for just a fraction of the price. Timer settings are the best way to adjust the temperature of your property throughout the day, even when you’re not physically home to do it. Most boilers come with a timer which can be programmed to set your heating on and off at different times of the day, saving you money and energy all in the flick of a switch. OVO Energy has shared its top tips to help you use your heating more efficiently. Most combi boilers will have at least three settings: on, off, and auto or timed. Mechanical timers look like a dial, with a traditional clock in the centre while digital timers have a small screen - like a digital clock. According to OVO Energy, the simplest way to set a mechanical boiler is to: DON'T MISS:Is it cheaper to use gas or electricity? Fact-checked [INSIGHT]Army veteran sits in the dark and can't get warm in bills struggle [REVEAL]Martin Lewis gets emotional over energy crisis 'frustration' [ANALYSIS] How to set a digital boiler on a timer settingSet your boiler clock to the correct timeSelect ‘set time’ or ‘set clock’ (it may be called something different on your boiler)Choose when you’d like your heating to be on, using the arrow keys to select days and timesHit ‘set’ or ‘run’ to confirm your settingsIt is best to set the boiler to come on around 30 minutes before you usually wake up, and in the evening for a few hours before you go to bed.For example, you could set the timer to kick in between 7am and 9am, and then again between 6pm and 8pm. What’s the quickest way to heat a cold home? Turning your heating on and off only as and when you need it will certainly save you money, but it could leave your home feeling cold after it has been off. Dialling up the thermostat may seem like the obvious remedy to heat up a chilly house, but one energy charity has warned against this so-called shortcut. National Energy Action said: “Setting the thermostat to a much higher value makes no difference to the speed the home heats up. “It does mean however that it overshoots the optimum temperature of 21C, wasting energy and money.” Instead, you should set your thermostat to between 18-21C and wait patiently for your home to warm up. While you wait, take these simple steps to fight off the chill: It is much more cost effective to “heat the person” rather than your home, according to money saving expert Martin Lewis. The quickest way to instantly warm up is to step into a steamy shower. Keep it short to avoid overspending on hot water and have some cosy clothing ready to step into. Perhaps the most obvious way to warm up from within is to have a hot drink while you wait for the heating to kick in. For a clever energy saving hack, make sure you avoid boiling more water than you need.