Those who retired on the new State pension will lose £9.35 a week, which adds up to £486.20 over the course of the year. That’s money millions of pensioners desperately need as inflation hits seven percent. Pensioners would have received a pay rise of 8.3 per cent under the triple lock, instead they got just 3.1 percent after Chancellor Rishi Sunak suspended the mechanism. The triple lock would have increased the maximum new state pension for those retiring after April 6, 2016, to £194.50 a week, said Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell. Instead, they will get a maximum of just £185.15. Older pensioners who retired before April 6, 2016, on the full basic State pension would have got £149.02 under the triple lock but now get just £141.85, which is £7.17 a week less. Over the year, the loss is £372.84. Pensioners need every penny as the cost of living rockets and should act now to make sure they maximise all their state benefit entitlements. Many assume they won't get anything because they have savings or own their home, but this is not always the case. Here's just some of what's out there and how to claim it. Pension Credit. A means-tested income top up that increases the incomes of the poorest pensioners to £182.60 a week if they are single or £278.70 for couples. Almost a million fail to claim, often because they do not know it exists. Call the Pension Credit claim line on 0800 99 1234 to check eligibility. They will fill in the application for you over the phone. Attendance Allowance. This helps with extra costs if you have a disability severe enough that you need someone to help look after you. You could get either £61.85 or £92.40 a week to help with personal support, depending on level of disability and care required. This is not means tested. If you are eligible, you may also get increased pension credit, housing benefit and council tax reduction. READ MORE: Women, 82, couldn't afford to boil kettle until she claimed benefit Personal Independence Payment. This helps with extra living costs if you have both a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability, or face difficulty doing certain everyday tasks or getting around because of your condition. PIP replaced the Disability Living Allowance. You can claim even if you are working, have savings or are getting other benefits. Call 0800 917 2222 for new claims, but first assemble details such as your National Insurance number, bank or building society account numbers, and your GP’s or health worker’s name and address. Carer’s Allowance. You could get £69.70 a week if you care for someone at least 35 hours a week and they get certain benefits, including Attendance Allowance and PIP. You do not have to be related to, or live with, the person you care for. However, you will not get extra if you care for more than one person. Apply online at Gov.uk. Council Tax Reduction. If you are disabled or on a low income, you may be able to claim some or even all of your council tax bill back. You can apply if you own your home, rent, are unemployed or working. Contact your local authority. DON'T MISS:PIP claim: 87 conditions that could mean you qualify for £627 a month [REVEAL]Disability Living Allowance explained as thousands move to new benefit [GUIDE]Attendance Allowance rates are increasing today [LATEST] Each council runs its own scheme, and what you get depends on your income, savings and pensions (including your partners), and who lives with you. Household Support Fund. This £1 billion fund gives hard-pressed households support for essentials such as food, utilities and clothing. A third of the pot is dedicated to pensioners. Apply through your local council, which will request details of your household make up, earnings and expenses. Housing Benefit. This means-tested benefit is designed to help people on a low income cover their rent. Help depends on who you live with, how much rent you pay, how many rooms you have in your home and whether you claim disability benefits.  These are just some of the benefits available, said Stephen Lowe, director at retirement advisors Just Group. To find out more, visit government website Gov.uk or benefits site Turn2Us.org.uk. Age UK and Citizens Advice can also help. 