Max Verstappen took the opportunity to have some fun at the expense of Lando Norris. The Dutchman had secured pole position for the Imola GP sprint race, with the Brit finishing third behind Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc.  The qualifying session featured multiple red flags, including Alexander Albon's car catching fire which left flaming debris lying across the track. However, it was Norris who caused the red flag to come out in the closing stages of Q3, as he spun out at the Aqua Minarelli corner attempting to warm his tyres up for one final push at snatching pole position. The Red Bull driver made sure to acknowledge his peer’s misfortune with a cheeky comment in his post-qualifying interview. “You decided to kiss the wall?” said Verstappen and the McLaren driver smiled and did not give a reply. The 22-year-old has endured an indifferent start to the ongoing campaign, struggling for pace in the opening race in Bahrain and could only manage a 15th place finish. Normal service was resumed in Saudi Arabia as Norris crossed the line seventh, and secured his best performance of the season so far in Australia, finishing fifth. JUST IN: Max Verstappen dig at Lewis Hamilton ahead of Emilia Romagna Sprint: 'It can punish you'  He has steadily improved with each race and after qualifying third for the Imola GP sprint race, Norris will be eyeing a spot on the front row for Sunday’s race. “I would have liked to have put that last lap in because we didn’t do a lap where we were full power, full battery,” Norris told Sky Sports F1 after the session.  Last season, Norris finished P3 at the Imola circuit, a race in which team-mate Daniel Ricciardo also finished sixth. It is a circuit Norris enjoys racing at and the driver is looking forward to today’s sprint race. “I’m excited to be back at Imola,” he said. “It was a great race for me last year, scoring my first podium of 2021. The circuit is fast, with some iconic features which should be interesting to tackle in the new cars. “The sprint always adds an extra bit of excitement for the fans, so I’m looking forward to seeing how the weekend plays out.” 