Yesterday, the European Research Council (ERC) awarded grants to 45 UK based scientists as part of the EU’s £80billion Horizon Europe project. This is a major research and development (R&D) programme that Britain was supposed to contribute £15billion towards, but has been excluded from due to disagreements over Brexit negotiations. Horizon Europe would allow UK based scientists and academics access to a massive pool of funding for scientific research, and allow them to collaborate with EU partners on important projects.  But the EU Commissioner Mariya Gabriel has made clear the UK cannot participate until the Brexit row over the Northern Ireland protocol gets smoothed over. While the ERC handed out funding to 45 British scientists earlier this week, it also gave them a two-month deadline to relocate to an EU institution or lose on the critical funding- for their projects. Given that the UK has not been granted associate member status yet, UK based researchers will not be able to sign grants associated with Horizon Europe. This means they will either have to move to the EU or apply to the national UK Research and Innovation (UKRI) agency which could then fund the scientists to make up for the loss of the ERC funding.  But the EU Commissioner Mariya Gabriel has made clear the UK cannot participate until the Brexit row over the Northern Ireland protocol gets smoothed over. While the ERC handed out funding to 45 British scientists earlier this week, it also gave them a two-month deadline to relocate to an EU institution or lose on the critical funding- for their projects. Given that the UK has not been granted associate member status yet, UK based researchers will not be able to sign grants associated with Horizon Europe. This means they will either have to move to the EU or apply to the national UK Research and Innovation (UKRI) agency which could then fund the scientists to make up for the loss of the ERC funding. READ MORE: EU bullies 98 scientists by threatening to withdraw £145m funds While the current batch of researchers who have been given grants by the ERC have two months to move to the EU, time is running out for British scientists who were given the grant last year. Earlier this month, the ERC promised 150 applicants grants under Horizon’s 2021 work programme, but told them it would replace the UK-based researchers if they do not move to an EU or Horizon-associated country. An ERC spokesperson confirmed the ultimatum also applies to the advanced researcher grants announced today. “Yes, this also applies to the new Advanced Grants winners in the UK. “To be precise, we didn’t ask these researchers to move, but we pointed out the principle of portability of ERC grants. DON'T MISS: Poland outsmarts Putin as Kremlin CUTS gas supplies into EU [REVEAL] Vallance skewers EV plans as going green 'totally impossible' for most [INSIGHT] UK embarrassment laid bare: US hid details of NUKING British satellite [REPORT]