The Duchess of Cambridge appears to have gained a new confidence in recent months, with the royal pair increasingly taking the spotlight as the Queen steps back from engagements after a number of health scares. Despite the couple’s recent Caribbean tour being blighted with controversy, with the Duke and Duchess accused of being “tone-deaf”, Kate did not appear to be fazed as the pair posed for multiple photo opportunities and met with dignitaries and locals in Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas. While the couple are still reeling from the backlash to the tour, which critics said echoed colonialism, royal experts said the Cambridges have not been deterred from pursuing a new way of doing things. Following Prince Harry and wife Meghan Markle stepping down as senior royals and the sexual abuse allegations that Prince Andrew has vehemently and repeatedly denied, other Royals are rallying to protect the monarchy’s image. The Duchess is said to be using the opportunity to forge her place as a future ruler, from everything to pursuing projects that matter to her to an eye-catching new wardrobe. Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine, told the Evening Standard: “There’s no one else to take on the royal workload — and Kate has very willingly stepped into that role.”  Ms Seward said Kate is channeling her energy into projects that she is passionate about, such as The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood that she launched last June. She said: “Kate won’t just take on anything — it has to be something that really interests her, where she feels she can make a difference.” The Duchess also completed her first solo trip in February, where she travelled to Denmark to promote her foundation. More solo overseas trips are planned for the coming year with a focus on Kate’s passions of early childhood development and learning. READ MORE: Prince William unable to address Jamaica issue to protect monachy  Kate’s image has also undergone something of a rebrand, with the Duchess swapping safer fashion choices for bright and brave looks by contemporary designers, many of which were on show during the Caribbean tour. The Duchess’s new look is thought to be part of a plan by Kate and husband Prince William's plan to “rip up the rule book” and do things “the Cambridge way”. A royal source said: “Everything is all part of a long-term plan that she and William have worked out together.” The couple’s relationship remains as solid as ever, with royal observers saying that Kate has acted as William’s rock over a turbulent couple of years, as the Prince has faced an upsetting rift with his brother Prince Harry, the fallout of from the scandal surrounding his uncle Prince Andrew and the death of his grandfather Prince Philip.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan wants to trademark word - 500 years late [LIVE]Most Britons want to KEEP monarchy despite scandals [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton's style rebrand - 'most fashionable Queen-in-waiting' [LATEST] As the Queen steps back from public life, the Cambridges have been left to step up, alongside Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall. The Cambridges are also reportedly considering a move to Windsor as soon as this summer in an effort to be closer to the Queen. Sources close to the couple have claimed that they are looking at private homes and schools in the area, the Mail Online reported this week. The Queen has decided to make Windsor Castle her permanent residence following the death of her husband Prince Philip last April. The monarch will not return to live at Buckingham Palace. 