May is a great month to get in the garden and start planting, watering and potting. May is often a month where people prepare their gardens for the late summer months when the weather is warmer and plants are in bloom. Gardening experts at Homebase have shared the “top jobs” gardeners can do in May. The experts said: “May means summer is on its way.” These are the “top jobs” for next month: Lawn care will be in full swing at this time of year, with grass growing more rapidly in the lighter, warmer days. This means gardeners need to up their mowing. “By now, the lawn is in full flow so it's time to mow weekly,” the expert said. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share best and worst vacuum cleaners Now is the time to start planting up pots and baskets. However, gardeners need to “be careful of any late frost”. Tender plants still need protection as they can become damaged from frost. Old pots can also be freshened up to give them a kick start with fresh compost and fertiliser. DON'T MISSCleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [INSIGHT]Energy bills: How to reduce your laundry costs by £100 a year [UPDATE]Average house price hits record high for third month [ANALYSIS] May is the time to cut back your bulbs but let them yellow first. Allowing them to yellow means the goodness will go back into the bulb. The experts said: “Sow your salad and herb seeds such as radish, lettuce, parsley and chives. “It's a great time to plant up the herb pot or planter to sit on the terrace in time for BBQs.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea May is usually when temperatures begin to increase which can dry out soil more quickly. “Keep an eye on the watering, especially any new planting,” the experts at Homebase said. “It can sometimes be a dry month.” Rainwater can also be collected and recycled for plants.  The gardening experts said: “Really keep on top of the weeds. “Regularly hoeing will help stop the weeds getting too big.” Gardeners should also remember to open greenhouse vents and doors on warm, sunny days.