Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24 and expected a swift victory, a prospect that has proved unlikely as western countries unite behind a bold and steadfast Ukrainian army. Steven Hall, former CIA chief of Russia operations, suggested that this war could go on for a long time still, with Russia prepared to lie to its citizens by way of justification for its continued efforts. Speaking to CNN, Mr Hall said: “We talked in the opening days of this about the Russians committing to this long, grinding war like they did in Chechnya. “Like when they attacked Grozny and basically levelled it. We’re beginning to see signs of that [in Ukraine]. “The real indication for American and NATO forces as a long-term plan that we have to come up with is where we are going to put troops in the region to protect against a possible expansion of this war by Putin.” Asked what the long-term implications for Russia are should the war in Ukraine continue indefinitely, Hall predicted that the Ukrainians would emerge victorious. He said: “It’s going to be very interesting to see because, of course, the Russians and the Russian people are controlled by Putin. “He will send whatever information he chooses. Great victories throughout Ukraine against the Nazis, that sort of thing. “In reality, though, there’s a lot of military experts that say it’s going to be really hard for the Russians to have any sort of success over the long run. “I predict that if this turns into a guerrilla or insurgency war, with the Ukrainians fighting the sort of rubble of Ukraine, against a larger Russian army, the Ukrainians are going to win that fight if it goes into the long run, like General Milley thinks it’s going to.” READ MORE: China 'preparing for war with US in Asia' alongside Russia US General Mark Milley, chairman of the joint chiefs, addressed Congress yesterday, warning that the Russian invasion of Ukraine remains “the greatest threat to the peace and security of Europe and perhaps the world” in his 42 years of serving in the US military. He said: "The Russian invasion of Ukraine is threatening to undermine not only European peace and stability but global peace and stability that my parents and a generation of Americans fought so hard to defend. "We are now facing two global powers: China and Russia, each with significant military capabilities, who both intend to fundamentally change the rules-based current global order. "We are entering a world that is becoming more unstable and the potential for significant international conflict is increasing, not decreasing." DON'T MISS: The war crimes are stacking up: Putin accused of genocide in Ukraine [REPORT] Ukraine forces erupt in cheers as Russian helicopter shot down [REVEAL] Putin's plot to hold Germany to ransom could end in disaster [INSIGHT] As the world reacts to the massacres of Ukrainian civilians in Bucha, Irpin and other nearby villages, experts have warned that further offensives in the eastern regions of Ukraine are mounting. The city of Slovyansk has been identified as a potential upcoming target for the Russians following recent advances in Kharkiv, the capital of the Donbass region in Ukraine. The Institute for the Study of War has said that these efforts could allow Russian troops to cut off Ukrainian forces in the east of the country, allowing them to advance further into the Luhansk and Donetsk regions. It follows warnings by US officials that the war has entered a new, protracted phase, with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken adding it was “an important moment” to coordinate with allies on “a number of fronts”.