The lack of properties for sale on the market is driving prices up and homebuyers are in competition with others to secure their dream home. With property in such high demand, there are always interested buyers, according to experts at London-based estate agents Douglas & Gordon, it's just the home needs to stand out. The company has put together a helpful Preparing A Property For Sale guide to help make the process as smooth as possible. The estate agents said: “Once you have all the paperwork sorted with your solicitor, the hard part is over. “You are well prepared to accept an offer and get the ball rolling but you still need to attract a good buyer if you don’t have one already. “This is not as hard as it may seem, with property in such high demand, there are always interested buyers, you just need to catch their eye. READ MORE: Britain’s most expensive seaside town named “Remember these tips and your property will surely stand out.” If the property needs painting, investing in some paint will help attract buyers who don’t want to have to do any work when they move in. According to the experts, a house doesn’t always need to be fully painted, but touching up areas that need it can go a long way. They added: “Your property should be airy and clean. DON'T MISS:Most expensive household appliances to run - and how to cut costs [EXPLAINER]Steps to ‘revive’ the grass this spring to create a ‘thicker’ lawn [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean vertical blinds - ‘smells amazing’ [COMMENT] “Cleaning up and getting rid of all that unnecessary clutter will make the space more appealing, especially in the common areas like the sitting room and kitchen. “Open those blinds and let the light in!” Cleaning the clutter away can help potential buyers see the home as a blank canvas. The experts also suggested going through the property and fixing all the “little things” that may have been forgotten about over the years. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This includes a loose door handle or squeaky hinge. They said: “Don’t let a small detail put off a buyer.” When it comes to advertising the property, the estate agents suggested getting professional photos taken of the property. This is incredibly important because first impressions really count when trying to sell a property and photos online will be the first time prospective buyers see the home. Over the last two years, many people have moved home and escaped to the countryside or to live by the sea. The Halifax Seaside Town Review, which tracks house price movements in 191 seaside towns, has unveiled that Sandbanks in Dorset is the UK’s most expensive seaside town. With the average house price standing at £929,127, prospective homebuyers can expect to pay 10 percent more than prices in 2020. Sandbanks is recognised as one of the most exclusive areas in the UK, with its gorgeous beach providing an ideal location for a seaside  break. Harry Redknapp and wife Sandra lived in Sandbanks for several years before relocating to Branksome Park.