Johnny Depp's former talent agent Christian Carino, who previously represented the Pirates of the Caribbean star and his ex-wife Amber Heard in the past, has taken to the stand to give his opinion on how the allegations against his former client affected Johnny's reputation. He also discussed text messages sent between himself and Amber when she was pursuing Johnny again after a break in their relationship, in which he advised her "don't date famous men." "My opinion is that Amber's accusations would have had the most dramatic impact on his off-screen reputation," Christian testified. He elaborated: "I mean the things she's accused Johnny of doing... that have been made public." He countered that he did not believe that the opinion piece written by Amber for the Washington Post - where she did not name Johnny specifically but implicated him when she discussed having been a victim of "domestic abuse" - would have damaged his career. However, Lady Gaga's ex stated that being in litigation was causing Johnny problems due to the "oxygen it takes up" and as a result, there was "less focus on [his] career". READ NOW: Naga Munchetty admits struggle as tells BBC colleague ‘ask for help’  He stated that an ongoing legal battle could deter film companies from showing interest. "People do not want to know that someone they look up to is in litigation," he stated. Back in 2016, when he represented Johnny, he believed the star's private life was much more of a "mystery" to the public. The court heard how Christian, an agent at the Creative Artist's Agency (CAA), had sent texts where he discouraged Amber from making her personal life so public. "If you don’t like your personal life being in the press, don’t date famous men," he wrote to her. "You could stop that if you stop dating uber-famous people.” DON'T MISS: Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband [INSIGHT] Ruth Langsford's husband Eamonn issues plea to 'unsung hero' at ITV [LATEST] Dan Walker’s awkward reply to Sally Nugent after BBC exit news [UPDATE]  In another exchange in 2017, Amber confided in her former agent: "God, I miss him." While actively trying to reconcile with Johnny, Amber had been dating tech giant Elon Musk, a billionaire who owns the aerospace company SpaceX and has recently acquired Twitter. Christian also spoke about Amber's relationship with SpaceX founder Elon Musk. Texts were referred to by the court in which Christian wrote to her: "You told me a thousand times you were just filling space [with Elon]. You weren’t in love with him." The court also heard from a police officer who had been called to an alleged altercation between Johnny and Amber back in May 2016 and gave evidence stating that he could not be sure that Amber had been the victim of domestic violence. "Just because I see a female with pink cheeks and pink eyes doesn’t mean something happened," LAPD officer Tyler Hadden told the court, adding that Amber had been crying. The officers did not recognise the pair, and commented that no-one at the penthouse they'd been called to would identify to them who the crying woman's husband was. They recorded the incident as a "verbal argument only" in their logs, but less than a week later, Amber filed a restraining order against Johnny. The trial continues and Amber is yet to take to the stand.