With concerns growing of the risk of recession in the UK, the pound tumbled on Friday, trading below 1.30 to the dollar for the first time since the first year of the pandemic in 2020. Growth is currently being dragged by declining consumer activity as Britons tighten their belts and spend less with businesses. According to figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS), retail sales slumped 1.4 percent in March - ahead of expectation. Spending has been particularly hit for non-essential items as households are forced to prioritise their budgets with 54 percent of adults reporting spending less in this area.  Alcohol and tobacco stores saw sales fall 11.3 percent while department and clothing stores also experienced decline. Even for essential items, such as food, sale volumes fell. Specialist food stores such as butchers and bakers experienced a reduction in sales. With petrol prices surging to record levels in recent weeks and months, spending on fuel also fell by 3.8 percent in March - suggesting people are beginning to cut back on car use to save money. According to the ONS, 87 percent of adults have reported their cost of living rising over the last month with the most common reported reasons being food shopping, electricity bills and fuel.  Helen Dickinson, chief executive of the British Retail Consortium, said: "The cost-of-living squeeze has many consumers thinking twice about major purchases, while their expectations of future financial situation plummeted to lows not seen since the financial crisis." She warned retailers were themselves "being squeezed" by rising operating costs, adding "it is likely that retail prices will continue (to) rise over the course of 2022". The rapid slowdown in consumer spending is bad news for the economy as it faces a fragile recovery from the massive dent to growth caused by the pandemic. Emma-Lou Montgomery, associate director at Fidelity International, warned: "The UK is teetering on the edge of a recession and that’s before inflation hits eight percent or higher later this year.   "Some of the country’s largest and well-known retailers are warning the worst is yet to come and that’s with households already struggling to meet increased energy, food and fuel costs." Other indicators of a slowdown have also emerged - with survey data pointing to a reduction in private sector growth. The much followed Purchasing Managers' Index dropped to a three month low on Friday while consumer confidence fell close to levels not seen since the 2008 financial crisis. Thomas Pugh, economist at RSM UK, predicted GDP growth is now set to average just 0.1 percent per quarter this year, meaning "it wouldn't take much to push the UK into a recession".   DON'T MISS: Bread, coffee and cars threatened by supply chain disruption [ANALYSIS] Elon Musk vows to 'defeat spam bots' if Twitter takeover succeeds [LATEST] Major Russian firm on the brink despite not being sanctioned [SPOTLIGHT]  The bleak outlook for the UK piles more pressure on the Bank of England which is aiming to balance the risks posed by runaway inflation with the potential of harming growth further by raising interest rates. With many of the Bank's policy tools unable to do much about global factors driving inflation such as energy prices, attention is also turning to what action the Government can take to ease the cost of living and prop up the economy. Julian Jessop, economics fellow at free market think tank the Institute of Economic Affairs, said: "The Government should be considering a range of additional steps to protect the most vulnerable from higher prices, on top of the actions already taken. "Options here include bringing forward the next uprating of benefits, so that they are increased in line with the current rates of inflation, and removing some of the policy costs from energy bills." 