As one gets older, time takes its toll and we find ourselves perhaps less able to do all the things we used to. The same kind of thing happens, albeit on a smaller scale, to our cells. Scientists working in the field of regenerative medicine work to reverse the ravages of time, and other forms of damage, by re-growing, repairing and replacing cells and tissues. One of their key tools lies in the ability to create so-called induced stem cells, which theoretically have the ability to become any other cell type, by taking regular cells and removing some of the marks that make them specialised. Unfortunately, we are presently not able at present to reliably recreate all the conditions that turn stem cells into all the particular cell types — meaning that we can effectively make cells young, but in the process, they can lose their identity and function. In their new study, epigeneticist Dr Diljeet Gill of the Babraham Institute in Cambridge and his colleagues addressed this problem by halting the cellular reprogramming halfway through — effectively making the cells biologically younger, while not actually erasing their specialised cell function. Their method builds on the 2012 Nobel Prize-winning technique developed by Professor Shinya Yamanaka of Japan’s Kyoto University for turning mature cells with a specific function into stem cells that can become any other cell type. The cell reprogramming process he developed takes around 50 days to run its full course, and makes use of four key molecules which have been dubbed “the Yamanaka factors”. What Dr Gill and his team have done, instead, is to expose skin cells to the Yamanaka factors for just 13 days — which strips the cells of all their age-related changes and causes them to temporarily lose their identity. When these partly-reprogrammed cells were given time to grow under normal conditions, however, the team found that the specific functions that make them skin cells returned. Under a microscope, the cells were observed to produce collagen, the protein that makes skin resilient and strong and helps heal wounds, while genomic analysis confirmed that the cells had regained all the markers that are characteristic of skin cells. The researchers were also able to confirm that the cells — which came from three donors aged 38, 53 and 53 respectively — had lost the hallmarks of ageing. Dr Gill said: “Our understanding of ageing on a molecular level has progressed over the last decade, giving rise to techniques that allow researchers to measure age-related biological changes in human cells. “We were able to apply this to our experiment to determine the extent of reprogramming our new method achieved.” In fact, after checking both the cells’ “epigenetic clock” — which works by assessing the presence of chemical tags throughout the genome that indicate age — and all the gene readouts produced by the cell, the “transcriptome”, the researchers found that their process had effectively de-aged the skin cells be around 30 years. READ MORE: Cancer crisis: UK among worst in world at early detection The key to this research is that the cells do not just look three decades younger, but are able to act like it as well. According to the team, the rejuvenated skin cells were able to produce collagen faster than cells of the same actual age that had not undergone the procedure. Experiments involving creating artificial cuts in a layer of cells in a petri dish also showed that the rejuvenated skin cells moved faster to fill the gap. The researchers said that this suggests their findings could be developed to create cells that are more efficient at healing wounds. DON'T MISS:Rolls-Royce to roll out 'affordable, sustainable and secure' nuclear [REPORT]UK makes another 'stunning' nuclear fusion breakthrough: World-first’ [INSIGHT]Putin's plot to hold Germany to ransom could end in disaster [ANALYSIS] The team also reported that their “maturation phase transient reprogramming” method also appeared to have a potentially useful effect on genes related to age-related diseases. For example, both the APBA2 gene — which is associated with Alzheimer’s disease — and the MAF gene which has been linked to the development of cataracts were found to show changes towards more youthful levels of transcription after the reprogramming process. Dr Gill said: “We have proved that cells can be rejuvenated without losing their function and that rejuvenation looks to restore some function to old cells. “The fact that we also saw a reverse of ageing indicators in genes associated with diseases is particularly promising for the future of this work.” The team said that, while the technique is in its early stages, it has the potential to “revolutionise” regenerative medicine. Paper co-author and epigeneticist Professor Wolf Reik, formerly also of the Babraham Institute, added: “This work has very exciting implications. “Eventually, we may be able to identify genes that rejuvenate without reprogramming, and specifically target those to reduce the effects of ageing. “This approach holds promise for valuable discoveries that could open up an amazing therapeutic horizon.” Alongside these medical applications, the researchers explained, future research will look to determine exactly how the cells are able to retain their original function after the treatment— with the team speculating that key areas of the genome may escape the partial reprogramming. The full findings of the study were published in the journal eLife.