Casper Ruud faces Carlos Alcaraz in Sunday's Miami Open final, in what is a first-ever Masters 1000 final for both players. Alcaraz has long been likened to his compatriot Rafael Nadal, someone Ruud knows well off the tennis court. Ahead of his maiden Masters final, the world No 8 admitted he had played golf with Nadal before and said the 21-time Major champion was just as tough on the golf course as the tennis court. While Ruud has never faced Nadal on the ATP Tour, they have faced off in another sport - golf. The Spaniard notoriously loves playing golf in his downtime from tennis and has even competed in some amateur events in his home of Mallorca in the past. During his recent run to the Indian Wells final, Nadal even stayed with tournament owner Larry Ellison who has a golf course on his grounds so he could play on his days between matches. And Ruud has now revealed that, even though golf is supposed to be the world No 3's hobby, he takes it as seriously as a tennis match. Asked whether he had ever faced Nadal on a golf course before, the sixth seed in Miami said: "Yes I have. Played with him a couple of times in Mallorca. He's a very good golfer." And the 23-year-old admitted it was the Spaniard who led their golf head-to-head when asked whether he had managed to defeat Nadal outside of the tennis court, also sharing that Nadal was "tough" to play with because of his competitive nature. "No, I didn't win. He beat me there as well," the Norweigan smiled. JUST IN: Djokovic shares practice footage from Monte Carlo ahead of return  "He's a very, very tough competitor. Honestly, like, a bit tough to play with, because he doesn't say much because he's so focused. Usually on the golf course you are laughing a little bit and joking around. With him, it's no jokes. Yeah." While Nadal and Ruud have only ever done battle in golf, the world No 8 does have experience playing his Miami Open opponent on the tennis court. The pair played one another at a Challenger event in Marbella last year where it was the teenager who defeated the tournament's third seed 6-2 6-4 in the quarter-final stage. DON'T MISSAlcaraz coach surprises Miami finalist with flight hours before matchBarty wins £17 golf tournament prize money after retiring from tennisDjokovic can go into French Open as world No 1 with Medvedev sidelined  While it was Alcaraz who won their Challenger Tour clash almost exactly one year ago, Ruud went on to have a career-best season, qualifying for the year-end ATP Finals as a result of his success throughout 2021. They will now do battle on a hard court for the first time, in what is the biggest career final yet for both men.