Erik ten Hag reportedly wants to bring a former Manchester United player in to help coach players at Old Trafford. The 52-year-old is poised to take over from Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. However, Robin van Persie looks unlikely to join him at the Premier League giants. Widespread reports have suggested Ten Hag wants somebody with knowledge of United to help him adjust to life at Old Trafford. Van Persie had, for a while, been in contention but the Feyenoord coach is now poised to remain in the Netherlands due to family commitments. It’s also been claimed that Wayne Rooney, Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes have all declined to be part of Ten Hag’s coaching setup. And Steve McClaren, who worked with Ten Hag at FC Twente, isn’t expected to take on a role either. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at four ex-players who could return to become coaches in this new era. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Speaking recently, former United defender Jaap Stam confessed he’d love to return to the Red Devils - and would accept ‘any role’. "In principle, I am open to any role at Manchester United," Stam told Voetbal Primeur. "I have enjoyed working and living there, and I owe a lot to the club. "If I can help Manchester United in any way, I'm open to it, provided it's in a role that suits me." Stam is currently a free agent after leaving FC Cincinnati in September. And that could make him an appealing prospect for United, where he won three league titles on the trot during his playing days. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Rene Meulensteen has also been linked with a return to United. He’s currently working with the Australia national team, where he acts as assistant manager. But as a Dutchman with knowledge of United, the 58-year-old is certainly somebody worth Ten Hag’s consideration. Meulensteen was widely hailed for the way he worked with the Red Devils when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. And with United looking to bring back the glory days, the former Fulham manager could be a shrewd appointment. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Henrik Larsson is another person who is a free agent. He previously spent three months at United after arriving on loan in January 2007, where he instantly became a popular figure. Larsson has spent the last few years further educating himself in football, preparing for a top job somewhere else. But United may be able to offer him something now. Larsson’s experience and stock as a footballing great could see him respected by players who haven’t always seemed to enjoy themselves this season. Imagine. Just imagine. Roy Keane would love to get back into coaching or management one day, having recently missed out on the Sunderland job. Sure, he’s been extremely critical of United in recent years. But nothing he’s said or done has overstepped the mark. It’s constructed criticism, rather than unnecessary attacks. Keane would ruffle feathers but, let’s face it, they probably need ruffling. How he’d work in tandem with Ten Hag, though, is up for debate.