The Queen has reportedly invited Prince Harry and Meghan Markle over to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony. The couple has not yet confirmed if they will return in June, but if they do they will most likely stay in Frogmore Cottage. Prince Harry and Meghan still lease Frogmore Cottage in Windsor which is where they lived with their son Archie when they were UK residents. They also share a close relationship with Princess Eugenie, who currently lives there. The beautiful home is currently occupied by Prince Harry's cousin Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank, along with their one-year-old son August. However, with five bedrooms, there's plenty of space for Harry and his family to stopover. When the Queen's grandson made the trip over for Prince Philip's funeral he stayed there, which is why it seems reasonable for that to be an option once again. What is it like inside Frogmore Cottage?  READ MORE: Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry' Eugenie gave fans a rare peek at the bold decor during a video clip for The Anti-Slavery Collective. The royal mum, who co-founded the charity with her friend Julia de Boinville in 2017, sat in the living room for the virtual appearance. The room is decorated with white walls and a cream sofa topped with retro cushions in bright pink and orange colours. Just out of shot is a white framed photo hanging on the wall, which is not surprising given Eugenie's love of art and role as director of an art gallery.   It is reported there are five bedrooms, a kitchen, a living room and a nursery, formerly for Archie and likely to now be used by August. The Grade-II building is situated in front of an incredible lake and Frogmore House, where the Duke and Duchess of Sussex hosted their wedding reception in May 2018. Eugenie has shared several glimpses inside the stunning grounds over the past few months. As for how it was decorated inside, according to Hello!, Meghan hired Soho House’s interior designer Vicky Charles to decorate the space.  At the time, it was reported that the paint used was vegan and organic in keeping with Meghan’s “largely vegan diet”. In another image shared on Eugenie’s Instagram, Jack was seen cradling their new-born. This time the sofa was an off-white linen fabric, with a cream panelled wall behind and several neutral boho patterned cushions scattered around him. Earlier in the year, the royal shared a glimpse of the beautiful kitchen, while filming her firstborn playing with a toy shark.  August was captured with his cuddly toy while sitting in a bouncer. Pale beige tiles in a diamond pattern and wooden cabinets in a slightly darker tone were visible in the background. To mark Her Majesty's 70th year on the throne there will be an array of celebrations over the four-day Bank Holiday weekend in June. This will include Trooping the Colour which is when all the royals will appear on the balcony, including the Sussexes if they decide to come. 