Doctor Surgeon Yevgeny Selivanov, who works for Moscow's Central Clinical Hospital, has reportedly flown to the Russian president as many as 35 times in the Black Sea resort of Sochi, which is reportedly his favourite place of residence. The doctor's area of expertise is outlined in his thesis entitled 'Peculiarities of diagnostics and surgical treatment of elderly and senile patients with thyroid cancer'. Russian investigative media group Proekt, which has been banned from the country, made the claim - and backed theories that Putin declared war on Ukraine when he was suffering from medical problems. There has been widespread speculation over Putin's health, both physical and mental, which may have been a factor in his decision to invade Ukraine - which has led to the death of over 17,000 Russian troops. Proekt media said: "We promised to reveal to you the main secret of the Kremlin. Of course, we are talking about the health of Vladimir Putin." The report described medics, suggesting they regularly travel with the Russian leader, including the thyroid cancer specialist and a neurosurgeon.  "The president was regularly accompanied to Sochi by an average of five doctors," the report said. It also reported the 69-year-old leader has shown public interest on the problem of thyroid cancer. "In July 2020, he met with the head of the National Medical Research Center for Endocrinology, Ivan Dedov, who is the boss of Putin's eldest daughter Maria [Vorontsova]," the report said. His daughter Maria, from his marriage to lady Lyudmila Putina, is believed to be a geneticist.  READ MORE: Eurozone inflation reaches ‘brutal’ 7.5 percent The report went on: "Dedov told the president about the high prevalence of thyroid cancer and spoke about the new hormonal drug Tyrogin, which fights metastases after surgery. ''Recovery of 95-98 percent?" Putin asked and heard an affirmative answer. "There is indeed talk in medical circles about the president's health problems. "Especially these conversations intensified in the early autumn of last year, when Putin behaved especially strangely." This is when Putin, after a long stay in isolation because of COVID-19, began to return to public life. The report said: "On September 13, he met with the Paralympians and even allowed the athletes to tightly surround him.  DON'T MISS: Zelensky fires two top Ukrainian security officials [INSIGHT]Putin humiliated as 'busloads' of Russians flee Chernobyl [COMMENT]Truss hits Moscow propaganda machine [ANALYSIS] "That is how, standing in a crowd of people, Putin suddenly announced that he had to go into isolation, because there were too many people around who were sick with the coronavirus." It suggested the news came as a surprise even to the president's staff. The report added: "Whether the president was then undergoing some kind of medical manipulation is unknown, but after that he began to communicate with people at a very great distance - sitting on opposite sides of huge tables." At the time, Putin was reportedly treated by another specialist, Dr Dmitry Verbovoy, an expert in acute illnesses, injuries and poisonings. Despite a considerable entourage of medical professionals, Putin was reportedly visited the most by head and neck surgeon Dr Alexey Shcheglov, who made 59 trips to Putin encompassing 282 days. 