Royal correspondent, Jennie Bond appeared on Saturday’s BBC Breakfast to speak with hosts Charlie Stayt and Rachel Burden about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s recent visit to Windsor Castle. The pair were reported to have seen the monarch on their way to The Hague in the Netherlands, from the US where they now live. The couple, who have not been seen on this side of the Atlantic together since 2020, also saw Prince Charles, according to The Sun. While discussing their visit, Jennie praised both Queen Elizabeth II and the Prince of Wales for being “the bigger people” in the midst of the family feud. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex arrived at the Invictus Games, a charity founded by Prince Harry to help injured military veterans, in the Netherlands, after stopping off to visit the Queen on their way. Newsreader Rachel explained: “We know that Prince Harry on his way to the Netherlands stopped off to visit the Queen which is really significant because it's the first time you've seen her in quite some time."(sic) Turning to Jennie Bond, she asked: "What do you read into that situation?" Jennie replied: “Well, I think it's the first step in what's going to be a very long road. of putting his family back together again, really. READ MORE:Emmerdale theory: Maya Stepney returns to take down Meena Jutla “As you say, he also saw his father for a very short period of time, we think probably just about 15 minutes. “I mean, we wouldn't have known probably anything about this meeting had not a coach load of people who are going into the morning service, spotted Harry and Meghan and waved at them. "And I thought that, my goodness me, well, if they saw Prince Charles before them before the service, obviously it was going to be a very, very short meeting with Charles but it seems that they saw Charles bit tense we think. “And then they went on to see the Queen and I think that the Queen and Charles have been the bigger people in a massive family feud. “And that's what parents do," she gushed. “You've just got to be the bigger person and hold down the olive branch and say, ‘Well come and visit.” Charlie added: “By the sounds of it Jennie, the way you describe it, and I know there are these pictures taken from a coach or whatever, it sounds as if this was a meeting that wasn't intended [for the public to] know about. “And I know loads of people say their conspiracy theories that you know, they would be leaking pictures or whatever, but maybe it was one that, genuinely, the royal family wanted to be kept quiet?” Jennie followed with: “I think so, look this hurt runs really deep in the family." She continued: “I’ve reported on Harry since he was a little boy. “I always thought that he was the robust one, you know, nothing got to Harry and William was the sensitive one. “I think we've come to learn that actually. It's quite the opposite, William actually is pretty tough and Harry is almost too sensitive for his own good. “But he's a very loving young man and he loves his grandmother that made such a big part of his upbringing and he lost his mother [Princess Diana] when he was 12 years old and the Queen stepped in in a big way." The commentator remarked: “I think it came out of a sense of true love to see his granny who's nearly 96 this coming week, and who is, as we all see, ailing and a little weak now." Furthermore, BBC host Rachel then stated: “Well, that may well also be one of the reasons that they, I’m sure, would like to bring their children over to meet her. “And that's again what one of the papers is reporting on this morning that they [Harry and Meghan] will be back again [to see the royal family] and that they will bring their two children Archie and Lilibet, named of course after her great grandmother. Jennie responded: “Yes, I'm sure it is a matter of great-heartedness to the Queen that she hasn't met Lilibet, and [for] Charles as well. BBC Breakfast airs weekly on BBC one from 6 am 