Retiring abroad is a welcomed and planned venture for many, but the privilege comes at a price as thousands miss out on additional and would-be-eligible-for funds due to the state pension freeze. Those who receive a pension are only eligible for the annual increase if they retire in certain countries. This means depending on where you’ve retired to, you could have missed out on thousands of pounds of your pension - and thousands more to come. Every year, the UK state pension sees an increase, termed the triple lock, to ensure it doesn’t lose value due to inflation. To confirm the annual increase, the highest figure out of the current inflation rate, the average wage increase, or what a 2.5 percent rise amounts to, is what’s used to calculate what the pension will rise by. However, due to the state pension freeze, thousands are excluded from receiving this benefit, despite years of paying National Insurance contributions. The state pension freeze currently means UK pensioners who move abroad have their pension frozen at the level it’s at at the time they leave the UK, unless their new country of residence has an agreement with the UK that says otherwise.  READ MORE: Unpaid carers: Four benefits you could be eligible for  The state pension rose by 3.1 percent earlier in April, but nearly 500,000 expat Brits would have missed out on this increase - accumulating to half of Britons living overseas. With the ongoing increase in pensions over time - and with the triple lock in place since 2010, the figure those missing out on is quickly climbing. An expat Briton inhabiting a country without a retirement agreement with the UK since April 2000 would be short of £42,461 in the retirement benefit. A more short-term example sees those who retired overseas last April receive £221 less than they would do this year, had they stayed. Those who have immigrated to countries such as Australia, Canada, South Africa, New Zealand, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, many Caribbean islands, and all countries in Africa, will not see any rise in their pensions.  The UK state pension will only increase for those who have immigrated to countries in the European Economic Area (EEA), Gibraltar, Switzerland, and those who have a social security agreement with the UK (apart from Canada and New Zealand). The countries in the EEA comprise all 27 countries in the European Union, which includes Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden. The EEA agreement also includes Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. The countries eligible that have a social agreement with the UK include Barbados, Bermuda, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Guernsey, the Isle of Man, Israel, Jamaica, Jersey, Kosovo, Mauritius, Montenegro, North Macedonia, the Philippines, Serbia, Turkey, and the USA.  DON'T MISS: Pensioners face cost of living ‘year from hell’ as inflation soars [INSIGHT]State pension: When you were born may dictate what you could get [EXPLAINED]Fresh calls for early state pension access - what you’d get at 63 [ANALYSIS]   ohn Duffy, the International Consortium of British Pensioners chairman, said: "This outrageously cruel policy is excluding pensioners, many of whom spent their working lives in the UK, and leaving them to face poverty.” A number of legal challenges have been launched over the years against the state pension freeze policy, and a petition was launched in January 2022 to increase the pension in parity with those living in the UK. The petition states: “This is entirely unjust! Why should we not get equal rights? “Pensioners living abroad are less of a strain on the National Health (not using the services of GPs, emergency services etc), in the vast majority of cases having to fund health care including care homes privately.  “Not receiving Winter Fuel Payment, not receiving discounted travel on public transport. “Yet we are still penalised! It is only fair that the Government treats all its citizens on an equal basis!” If the petition reaches 10,000 signatures, the Government will respond and if it gathers 100,000 before its deadline, it will be considered for debate in parliament. 