Vehicle Excise Duty, also known as vehicle tax, car tax or road tax, rose in line with inflation on April 1 and drivers are furious at the hike during the cost of living crisis. VED is calculated using the vehicle’s age and CO2 emissions, with bigger, older engines usually producing more CO2, resulting in higher costs. Drivers with higher levels of emissions will see the same increase in the standard rate, but will pay a higher first year rate which increases in line with emissions. However electric vehicle owners will still pay no VED, meaning their use of roads in the UK is subsidised by other taxpayers. And motorists around the country took to Express.co.uk to vent their fury at the Government and to underline the struggles they are facing. They also have serious concerns about the priorities of those pushing for greener alternatives, believing that money-making may be the driving force. READ MORE: Motorists warned of major driving law changes in April - Car tax rise Site user ‘Erik’ wrote: “We are being mugged by our own Green fanatics, who believe that impoverishing Brits 'to save the world' by saving just 1 percent of world CO2 with Net-Zero is a worthwhile policy.” And ‘CHiPs’ agreed, adding: “The government take extra in green taxes. "You have to be green to fall for this scam.” ‘BrokenBritain’ said: “This is an anti-car government who are taxing us off the road.” Other readers pointed out the groups that continue to pay no road tax at all, despite often being able to afford to. ‘HR’ wrote: “All those people who are driving around on a day to day basis in vintage and veteran cars are paying no road tax and do not have to obtain an MOT either. “Is this fair ? Their old vehicles are doing most of the polluting so make them pay up as well.” ‘Farfaraway’ agreed, adding: “So, let's get this right, the rich with new or electric cars pay nothing. “Those struggling to keep a second or third hand car on the road on a small income are effectively subsidising them. All I can say is the UK is full of fools.” ‘Sometimes the truth hurts’ wrote: “And once more electric vehicle owners pay zero despite the fact that creating the electric for them creates carbon and they also cause wear to the roads they are driven on.” And ‘Titan’ said: “Just another squeeze on an easy target. Nothing to do with emissions levels, everything to do with extorting more money from us.” ‘Tro’ voiced their frustration, saying: “Sick of all this screwing down of the British public.” ‘Paulpol’ added: “Like in the Victorian times when the working class earned just for paying the accommodation and the food.” Elsewhere, some drivers said they believe any new plans should be taken with a pinch of salt. ‘Keevee’ wrote: “20 years ago the Government was telling us to buy diesel cars, 20 years on and we are blasted in our wallets for buying diesels. Makes you wonder what they will be saying on full electric cars.” And ‘Timeboy1’ said: “(The) Conservatives are digging an ever deeper grave for themselves that they will NEVER RECOVER from.” IPS wrote simply: “I am so glad I no longer live in the UKSSR.”