Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy would be making a mistake in re-appointing Mauricio Pochettino as manager, according to former West Ham goalkeeper Shaka Hislop. Pochettino looks set to be sacked by Paris Saint-Germain at the end of the season and current Spurs boss Antonio Conte has been linked as a potential replacement for him. Conte is reported to have offered his services to PSG less than six months after taking the Tottenham job. If the Italian were to take over at the French club, that would leave Pochettino out of work and Spurs in need of a new manager. GetFrenchFootballNews claims Levy has maintained constant contact with Pochettino in recent months. Levy sacked Pochettino in 2019, just six months after leading the club to their first Champions League final. Levy is said to be trying to convince the Argentine to return to north London. Hislop says it would be almost inevitable for a Pochettino and Spurs reunion if Conte were to take over at PSG. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has 'put a plan together' to take over at PSG  However, the pundit does not think it would be the right decision from Levy. He said on ESPN FC: "I think Spurs right now is the only spot [Pochettino could go] but I am against Pochettino [returning]. I'm not sure we've ever seen that work. "A manager sacked unceremoniously as he was at Spurs, goes to PSG, his stock goes up and then all of a sudden plummets over the last 12 months, some three managers later Spurs are trying to get Pochettino back, given how they parted ways first time of asking, I just don't see why it works. "But right now, if Spurs decided to part company with Antonio Conte right now, who comes in? If PSG decides to sack Pochettino right now, where does he go? And I don't think there is any other answers [than Spurs]. DON'T MISSMan Utd ace Paul Pogba receives 'first official contract offer' after Man City rejection [RUMOUR]Newcastle handed green light to complete Hugo Ekitike transfer with two rivals interested [GOSSIP]Arsenal could pair Gabriel Jesus with '£10m' partner to forge little-and-large duo [TRANSFERS]  "So it might end up by default, us being default romantics. But I'm just not sure that it's as romantic an ending to this story." Pochettino managed Spurs between 2014 and 2019 in his first spell at the club. He was unable to end the club's trophy drought, which has continued since his departure. PSG secured the Ligue 1 title at the weekend but that does not look enough for him to keep his job. Pochettino saw his side crash out of the Champions League at the last-16 stage in March, which ultimately looks set to put an end to his time in the French capital.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here