Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi live in St James’s Palace with their seven-month-old baby Sienna. St James’s Palace is one of the many residences owned by the Royal Family and it is based in the City of Westminster. This palace was the residence of Kings and Queens of England for over 300 years until the reign of Queen Victoria. As the home of several members of the Royal Family, St James’s Palace today hosts up to 100 receptions each year. Most of the original architecture of the red brick palace still remains today. Inside the complex, the palace has the York House, where Prince Charles used to live with Prince William and Prince Harry, as well as Lancaster House, which is used by the Government for official receptions. The palace also has its own chapel, Chapel Royal, which is still used for various functions by the royals, including the christening of Prince Louis in 2018.  READ MORE: Daily horoscope for April 19: Your star sign, astrology and zodiac The Chapel Royal, located in the main block of the palace, was also where the christening of Meghan Markle took place, just weeks before she married Prince Harry. Professional photos taken inside the palace have revealed the burgundy red patterned carpet and matching curtains tied open by gold strings. The spacious reception room has large white doors accompanied by gold borders on the side. The wallpaper appears to be burgundy on the top half above a gold border with white and gold detailing on the wall below.  The room also has paintings on the walls, large windows and mirrors, and grand chandeliers. Today, St. James's Palace remains a busy palace. The State Apartments are often used for entertaining during State visits. St. James's Palace contains the London residences of Princess Anne, Princess Beatrice, and the Queen’s cousin Princess Alexandra. Princess Anne’s main residence is Gatcombe Park in Gloucestershire alongside her daughter Zara Tindall, and her husband Mike. St James’s Palace is an impressive building, spanning many square feet, and spread over four storeys. Given that St James's Palace is also a private home, there are certain areas that are kept private for the Royal Family. But official meetings are often held on the lower floors where photos are released.  Up until autumn 2017, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie shared a flat in the palace. Beatrice and Eugenie's flat reportedly had four bedrooms spanned across multiple floors. Beatrice and Eugenie shared their home for some years, but back in 2018, Princess Eugenie left to move into Kensington Palace with her husband, Jack Brooksbank, before eventually settling in Frogmore Cottage. Sadly, visits to St. James's Palace are not open to the public. However, royal fans can catch a glimpse of the royal residence by walking past it on the streets of London. 