Piers Morgan, 57, has been vocal for many months about his thoughts on Meghan Markle, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, since the couple stepped down from their royal duties in 2020. The former Good Morning Britain presenter has since compared his plight to the Duchess' dad Thomas Markle. His declaration comes as the Talk TV presenter chatted with Dragons' Den star and entrepreneur Steven Bartlett. Piers claimed the Duchess of Sussex had cut him off during their conversation. It comes amid previous reports where Mr Markle, 77, had suggested that his daughter had "pretty much disowned both sides of her family" and urged her to "grow up". Steven posed the question: "What would it take for you and Meghan Markle to make up?" READ MORE: Piers Morgan mocks 'lowly' GB News amid plan to 'flatline' network Piers suggested that if the pair could have a sit-down interview together they could potentially make amends. The former ITV pesenter claimed that her bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey had "fuelled victimhood". The broadcaster went on to claim that the Duchess of Sussex had "disowned" him in a similar way her father suggested his daughter had "disowned him". Piers said: "I was one of many people she used up the slippery ladder. That's fine. I don't care. I only met her once.  "But the way she treated me on a very small level is not dissimilar to the way in which she disowned her father. The guy that brought her up on his own for six or seven years. "He got disowned. He lives 70 miles away. She never sees him. He's never met his son-in-law. It's crazy stuff." Piers first met Meghan at a bar in Kensington in 2016. At the time, the US actress was starring in the legal drama Suits while on a spring visit to the UK, as part of a trip that also included watching Wimbledon matches with her friend Serena Williams. DON'T MISS... Michelle Keegan dubbed ‘fittest woman ever’ after ‘unreal' bikini [LATEST]Carol Vorderman stuns fans with transformation 'Scruff to not scruff'[INSTAGRAM]Demi Rose in risqué display flashing cleavage in sheer corset[PICTURES] The Uncensored presenter later claimed she "ghosted" him after their meeting. Piers also called into question Meghan's wedding guests after her mother Doria Ragland was the only member of her family in attendace at the ceremony held at Windsor Castle in 2018. "People still want to believe her that's fine. People love Meghan [Markle]. People think what's happened to Harry is great. That's fine too. I just don't agree." "I'm afraid you have to respect my right to have that opinion," Piers concluded. Meghan's father has previously opened up about the pair's estranged relationship. The retired lighting director, who lives in Rosarito, Mexico, previously said in October that he and Meghan both needed to "grow up, talk, make up" and mend their relationship. Mr Markle has never met Harry or the couple's children Archie and Lilibet, and did not attend their wedding in 2018 after he had a heart attack and needed surgery. He has previously said in an interview with Good Morning Britain, he would continue to use interviews as a means to communicate with Meghan. Mr Markle said: 'I've made it quite clear that until I hear from her, until she does speak to me, that I will continue to do this. 