Pension saving can be challenging at the best of times, but often considered sensible in planning for retirement. However, there are certain rules Britons will need to bear in mind when it comes to their retirement pot. There are a maximum level of contributions a person can make to their pension annually while still getting tax benefits. Exceeding a set amount could mean individuals have to face a tax charge - which many will want to avoid. At present, the limit is currently set at £40,000 for each tax year. With the tax year ending tomorrow, many people may have reached the limit for their own pension. READ MORE: Pension savers may be at risk of 55 percent tax charge However, they could help their husband, wife or civil partner boost their retirement instead. Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “If you have maxed out your own contributions, then you could top up your partner or child’s pension instead. “You can pay up to £2,880 into the pension of a partner who isn’t working, or a child. “The contribution will receive tax relief giving them a contribution of £3,600. DON'T MISSState pensioners could boost sum using National Insurance option [INSIGHT]State pension will increase this month - but ‘bumper rise’ due soon [ANALYSIS]Pension savers could get free 100% savings boost - act now [EXPLAINED]  “If your spouse works then you can contribute up to their annual allowance (minus any other contributions they or their employer makes). “Over time these contributions can make a huge difference to your family’s financial resilience.” Britons are reminded of the importance of making use of tax allowances before the tax year ends. This will allow them to make the most of their pension contributions in preparation for retirement. However, Hargreaves Lansdown found many people often leave this unit the last minute. Over 8,000 of the group’s customers only made their first pension top up between March 30 and April 5 last year. Ms Morrissey stressed that while it is important to make use of allowances, this should be carefully thought out. She added: “Make sure that what is done in haste does not come back to bite you. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Making rushed last-minute decisions to top up your pension can lead to you busting allowances and potentially incurring tax charges. It is always better to plan ahead. “Being able to top up online is quick and easy but it’s important not to leave it until the very last minute. “Make sure you leave enough time to deal with any issues that may arise.” Those with pension-related questions can use the Government-backed service Pension Wise. Alternatively, they may wish to seek their own regulated financial adviser for further assistance.