More than 10 million Britons rely on prescription medication every year and at £9.35 per item costs can soon add up. While many people qualify for free prescriptions, Britons are being reminded they could face a £100 fine if they tick the wrong box. In the five years leading up to 2019, 5.6 million Penalty Charge Notices were issued to people who mistakenly ticked the box saying they were entitled to free prescriptions. Prescription fraud costs the NHS millions of pounds a year - in 2017 to 2018 it cost the taxpayer £11.2million. NHS England is reminding patients to double check their entitlement to free prescriptions through its ‘Check Before You Tick’ campaign. People who claim free NHS prescriptions or dental treatment they’re not entitled to, could face a £100 penalty charge even if it's by mistake. READ MORE: State pensioners could miss out on pension by giving wrong details Meanwhile, the Department for Health and Social Care (DHSC) recently confirmed NHS prescription charges won’t increase this year due to the cost of living crisis. However, many people will struggle to pay for their medication as rising food and bill prices leave them with little left over. People who are on a low income, or suffer from a certain medical condition, are entitled to claim prescriptions for free. In addition five groups of people claiming benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) should also be exempt from paying. DON'T MISS:PIP claimant 'distraught' after DWP process - 'Debt piling up' [INSIGHT]State pensioners could miss out on pension by giving wrong details [WARNING]PIP claim: 87 conditions that could mean you qualify for £627 a month [UPDATE]   Anyone who doesn’t qualify for this help should consider investing in a Pre Payment Certificate (PPC). This allows people to purchase as many NHS prescriptions as they need for a one off cost. It works out at £30.25 for three months or £108.10 for a year and can be purchased from the NHS website. Depending on how many prescriptions someone needs throughout the year, it could save them a fortune. How much can I save with a PPC? What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People who receive five DWP benefits should qualify for free prescriptions, such as: To check, people should use the free prescriptions checker at www.nhs.uk 