The Emilia Romagna Grand Prix has been a welcome addition for the F1 calendar with both races so far producing close racing and dramatic moments. But Charles Leclerc's hopes of winning Ferrari's first race at Imola since Michael Schumacher in 2006 may well rest on him taking note of Lewis Hamilton's battle with Max Verstappen last year. The 2021 season was dominated by the close fight between Verstappen and Hamilton going down to the wire. A host of races saw both drivers involved in close on-track battles and the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix proved no different. Hamilton had taken pole on Saturday with Verstappen starting on the second row behind Sergio Perez. It gave the seven-time world champion the perfect chance to extend his lead over Verstappen in the Drivers' Championship. But, on a wet track, Hamilton failed to get off the line quick enough heading down the long straight into the first corner. Both Verstappen and Perez both had quick starts but it was the former who quickly ran up the inside of Hamilton to give him position into the corner. JUST IN: Norris admits Mercedes regret and worried about McLaren Imola chances  The British racing superstar failed to give up on the lead until the very last moment, when he ran over the bumpy curb and damaging his front wing in the process. He managed to keep Perez behind him, but Verstappen was already building a strong lead. But any chance of winning the race was over for Hamilton on lap 31 when he slid into the gravel at Tosa before reversing out to come back on track in ninth. Hamilton put in an impressive fightback to clinch second in the closing stages of the race, but the Mercedes driver was left ruing his own mistakes on the day. DON'T MISS  Leclerc holds a strong lead over Verstappen after three races already with the Dutchman struggling with mechanical issues. The reigning world champion will want revenge next week to close the gap to Leclerc before it becomes too big. And Verstappen has already shown that he won't back down heading into the first corner at Imola. Leclerc will no doubt be wary of what happened to Hamilton last time out and taking the lead into the first corner will be crucial. It's unlikely to be a wet track like last year with weather forecasts predicting a sunny weekend in Imola. But Hamilton's mistakes will still need to be playing on Leclerc's mind to keep Verstappen behind him and maintain his healthy lead at the top of the Drivers' Championship.