David Spencer paid £5,000 for each British Airways ticket, but the service was later cancelled. The passenger received £1,200 refund - only a tenth of what he spent - and after months of contacting the airline with no response, he believes he has been "scammed out". David and his friend Lottie were set to travel from Heathrow Airport on December 30. However, after boarding the plane and waiting for three hours, the airline told the passengers the service was cancelled. British Airways reportedly offered them an alternative flight but it wasn't suitable for them as it wouldn't have got them to Dubai in time for New Year's Eve. They then decided to buy another ticket with Emirates at their own expense. READ MORE: Stewardess on Russian oligarch yacht asked to make 'dolphins jump' David explained: "The whole point of the holiday was to go for the New Year celebrations. At best after the cancelled flight with British Airways, their rescheduled one would have got us there the day after." The traveller claimed that despite trying to contact British Airways for months, he has not been compensated for his trip yet. David claims he is entitled to a £12,000 refund which is the price of two business class flights from London Heathrow to Dubai, one night stay at the Wardlow Hotel and £100 airport transfer. The passenger has only received £1,200 compensation.  He said: "After hours on hold and countless phone calls over a period of months, the customer relations department got back to me and paid out £1,200 compensation with is the standard aviation compensation for cancelled flights. "But British Airways holidays still have not contacted me to pay back my cancelled flight, hotel and transfer costs. "Despite continuously trying I still can't get hold of them. "I recently flew with Emirates Air to Thailand and I had absolutely no problems. "Even when I had a slight issue with my return flight, I was able to phone someone and they actually picked up. "I've even had cancelled flights with Ryanair in recent years - but even with them, I was able to get a refund no problem." He continued: "Their telephone systems are rigged so you can never get hold of anyone and eventually it hangs up. "I have tried for hours and hours. I have sent numerous e-mails to their complains department, you eventually get a response and a case number but nothing happens, it’s a scam. "As I see it British Airways have purposely set their systems up so they hold onto customers' money - and then you can’t get hold of them to sort it out. "As time goes on, I try less and less to sort it out because I'm in their hands. No one picks up and I just feel hopeless. I am truly at a loss. "The whole system is rigged, there is nothing I can do." Express.co.uk has contacted British Airways for comment.