The Queen is thought to have travelled to Wood Farm to mark her 96th birthday today (April 21), and the residence has poignant links to the Queen's beloved late husband, Prince Philip. Upon his retirement in 2017 at the impressive age of 96, Philip found solace at Wood Farm in the heart of the English countryside as he took a well-deserved break from a lifetime of royal duties. The Queen has several royal residences across the UK that she stays in throughout the year, including Balmoral in Scotland and Windsor Castle in Berkshire. But Sandringham in Norfolk is beloved by the Queen, and the monarch was also thought to have stayed at Wood Farm in the run-up to reaching an unprecedented 70 years on the throne in February. Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer tweeted on January 23: "The Queen has arrived at Wood Farm on the Sandringham Estate, where she is expected to mark 70 years on the throne on Feb 6. "She will stay there for a few weeks. The Queen flew from Windsor by helicopter."  READ MORE: Beaming Queen in her element as she poses with ponies for birthday pic Wood Farm is located in a corner of the Queen's Sandringham Estate in Norfolk, East Anglia. The Queen has owned the Sandringham Estate throughout her reign, and it is a private royal residence unlike Windsor Castle or Buckingham Palace. The Sandringham Estate is home to Sandringham House, the Queen's main residence, as well as Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William's family home, Anmer Hall.  Before Prince Philip lived at Wood Farm, it had been used by several members of the Royal Family, their friends and their staff over the decades. King George V and Queen Mary's youngest son, Prince John, suffered from epileptic seizures, and he resided at Wood Farm until his death aged 13 in 1919. The residence has since been used as a home for guests while the Royal Family resides at the main base of Sandringham House. DON'T MISS:Royal family release sweet baby pic of Queen to mark 96th birthday [PICTURES]'Isn’t capable of looking after himself' Eamonn in attack on Harry [INSIGHT]Royal LIVE: 'Divide and rule' Palace backlash at Harry's US interview [LIVE]  Lady Diana Spencer and Kate Middleton are thought to have stayed at the property before their respective marriages to Prince Charles and Prince William. In recent years, the Queen made several visits to Wood Farm to see Prince Philip during his retirement. Wood Farm is known for its lack of formality, and Prince Philip reportedly renovated the property to include a new kitchen. Philip spent his retirement painting and reading, with some of his artwork thought to decorate the house's walls.  Wood Farm was deemed to be a good balance for the late Duke after he stepped away from formal royal duties, as at Wood Farm he could still be near the Queen and be part of royal life. A courtier previously told the Daily Mail: "The Queen feels the Duke has earned a proper retirement. "She knows him too well — if he was still at the centre of royal life he’d feel he had to be involved. "Being at Wood Farm means he’s not too far away, but far enough to be able to relax." 