European Best Destinations has named 22 of Europe’s best beaches just in time for summer. From Portugal to Spain, there are some dreamy spots to holiday this year.  READ MORE: Welshman slams claim tourist tax is anti-English as 'absurd' The best beach in Europe was named Porto Santo Golden Beach in Portugal’s Madeira Islands. European Best Destinations said: “It is famous for the therapeutic virtues of its sand.” One visitor on Tripadvisor said: “An absolutely stunning unspoilt beach, great for kids.” Another said: “Magnificent golden beach, with great weather throughout the year. There is nothing better than its turquoise water.” Another Madeira islands beach also made the top 10. Seixal beach has stunning volcanic sand and crystal clear water. Madeira is a great holiday destination for British tourists and is easily reached by budget flights from major UK airports. The Portuguese hotspot is famous for its legendary wine and as the birthplace of footballer, Cristiano Ronaldo. British tourists heading to Spain this summer could fit in a visit to the country’s best rated beach, Bolonia beach. Located in Cadiz, Bolonia is tranquil and uncrowded, making it the perfect spot for a romantic break. On a clear day, tourists can even see Africa from the golden sands of Bolonia beach. Another stunning Spanish spot, Mitajneta beach on the island of Menorca made the top 10 beaches. The white sandy beach is surrounded by hills and forests with incredible turquoise waters to explore. It might not be the sunniest spot but it’s easy to see why Hel Beach in Poland made the top 10 beaches. The stunning destination on the Baltic coast offers golden sands and beautiful green scenery. Tourists should try a ‘Godfrey’, a refreshing waffle treat filled with whipped cream and chocolate syrup. 11) Porto Katsiki (Greece)12) Calanque d’En Vau (France)13) Agios Konstantinos Beach (Greece)14) Cavoli Beach (Italy)15) Playa Cala Sa Boadella (Spain)16) La Sorgente Beach (Italy)17) Cala dei Gabbiani (Italy)18) Greve Blanche (France)19) Cala Cipolla (Italy)20) Blanes Beach (Spain)21) Laga Beach (Spain)22) Cauco Beach (Italy)