Another 120 were announced in the past four weeks and almost 5,000 have gone over the last seven years. This is a rate of 54 branches a month, says consumer group Which? Last month, Lloyds Banking Group - which includes Halifax and Bank of Scotland - said another 60 would go. It followed HSBC warning it would shutter 69 branches between July and October. Last year it axed 82. NatWest Group has closed 1,114 branches since 2015, including in its Royal Bank of Scotland and Ulster Bank arms. Barclays has reduced its network by some 841. Which? money editor Jenny Ross said the "alarming" closures will hit millions who have not gone digital. She said: "Cash remains a lifeline for millions, including the elderly and most vulnerable." Age UK charity director Caroline Abrahams said branch culls are a serious blow for millions of older people, "particularly those who are not online or confident with mobile banking". Government High Streets Task Force expert Dr Jackie Mulligan said: "Banks are part of the fabric of our high streets and their departure is a huge emotional loss for millions." Martin McTague, national chair of the Federation of Small Businesses, said cash remains important to millions, including the elderly, poor and those with disabilities. He said: "It also continues to be a vital backup for when systems fail." Lloyds Group retail boss Vim Maru said its branches are important "but we need to adapt to the significant growth in customers choosing to do most of their banking online". Jackie Uhi, at HSBC, said it will use community pop-ups and the Post Office network. She added: "We still invest in locations where our customers still use the branch network." Barclays said it is "carefully reducing our number of under-used branches, while investing in improving the services we provide to our customers". The Post Office is testing local shared hubs but its banking director Martin Kearsley added: "There's an urgent need for government to protect free access to cash for consumers and businesses across the country."