 Driving while suffering from symptoms of hay fever could land motorists with a £1,000 fine, experts have warned. If a driver is experiencing intense pollen allergy symptoms, this could be classed as a “failure to have proper control of the vehicle and a full view of the road”.  Fines can reach as high as £2,500 for drivers of passenger carrying vehicles (PCVs) or goods vehicles. Those who are fined also face the risk of a discretionary disqualification, according to the Highway Code penalty table. According to the Met Office, most of the UK is set to have either a moderate or high pollen count this week. As a result of this, the nicer weather and the Easter weekend, more drivers may be slapped with hefty fines. READ MORE: Drivers warned as holding up traffic could lead to massive £5,000 fine  Craig Forbes, motoring expert at Peter Vardy, warned drivers to make sure they are safe when at the wheel. He said: "Drivers must take responsibility for assessing their own fitness to drive when experiencing symptoms. “There are ways to minimise symptoms of hay fever during spring, but if your eyes are extremely watery and you feel unwell, your driving could be impaired and you may wish to consider alternative travel in order to avoid a fine." Hay fever affects roughly 30 percent of the UK’s population and they are being warned to take action to combat their symptoms. DON'T MISSFurious driver fined £170 for parking in their own car park [SHOCKING]New EU driving rule could cost up to £2500 if broken [WARNING]Drivers warned as air con and open windows reduces efficiency [INSIGHT]  Mr Forbes advised drivers to plan their journey around the pollen forecast, which the Met Office usually updates daily and contains data for all of the UK. If high or very high pollen rates are forecast and people are afraid to drive, Peter Vardy recommends considering alternative travel plans or asking someone else to drive. Drivers can also use essential oils on their air freshener, as this will help to combat the symptoms when driving. Lavender, peppermint, and eucalyptus all have anti-inflammatory properties and can unblock stuffy noses naturally.  If they don’t have an in-car diffuser, the oil can be dropped onto an old air freshener and hung near the air conditioning vent to reap the same benefits. Drivers should also avoid rural locations as hay fever symptoms can often be exacerbated in the countryside, due to the open spaces blowing around pollen. Craig Forbes also advised drivers to clean their vehicles before setting off as this can help hay fever sufferers combat their allergies. He said: “It’s important to clean your car regularly throughout the pollen season, so as to get rid of any pollen particles that make their way into the vehicle.  “Use your vacuum and duster to get rid of any pollen dust on your dashboard and seats. “Doing so will prevent the build-up of pollen inside the car that can worsen your symptoms.” Where possible, drivers should also keep their windows closed as this will prevent pollen being blown directly into the cabin. With the temperature starting to rise, this may be tricky for some drivers, especially when the car is hot, with drivers being urged to use the air conditioning.