In light of claims of “genocide” in Ukraine from Western leaders and NATO and EU’s decision to supply more weapons to support Ukraine, General Sir Richard Barrons said: “This language [of genocide] may unlock some reluctance [from the West] to supply more lethal weapons to Ukraine”. Speaking at BBC Newsnight, General Sir Richard Barrons said: “This language [of genocide] may help to ratchet up the sanctions regime to still stiffer measures”. He also added: “[This language] may unlock some of the reluctance across NATO and the EU to supply bigger, harder, more lethal weapons”. Such claims follow allegations that seem to confirm that further acts of war crimes have been committed by Russian troops in Ukraine. Reports from Ukraine seem to show evidence of further violations of international humanitarian laws by Russian troops also in the capital Kyiv. READ MORE: POLL: Is Boris Johnson using Ukraine crisis to save himself? Russian troops left the capital following Putin’s unsuccessful objective in Kyiv, which would have seen the complete occupation of the city, as well as the replacement of President Zelensky with a pro-Russian figure”. Referring to Kyiv, President  Zelensky and other Ukrainian officials openly claim that the retreat of Russian troops from Kyiv has led to the discovery of a large number of apparently massacred bodies. Kyiv district police chief, for instance, stated that over 765 bodies, including 30 children, have been found in Kyiv following the Russian retreat. In light of such allegations, President Zelensky warned Western leaders: “This war will become an endless bloodbath”. READ MORE: EU savaged for shameless ‘spin’ as it gloats over Brexit move He also added: “Responsibility for the Russian military for war crimes is inevitable”. Such claims come after International Criminal Court chief prosecutor Karim Khan’s claims, who firmly stated: “Ukraine is a crime scene”. Mr Khan and other prosecutors from International Criminal Court visited Bucha on Wednesday to conduct further investigations in light of allegations of acts of genocide by Russian troops in the city. Besides Bucha and the war crimes which seem to be confirmed by the International Criminal Court, President Zelensky reported further international humanitarian violations also in the city of Mariupol, now under the control of Russia. DON'T MISS: 'Take back control? That's a lie!' Boris savaged over fishing promises [WATCH] Brexit: EU rules to replace UK law in 'extremely concerning' blow [LISTEN] 'Boris has surrendered!' Fury as PM caves in fishing row with France [INSIGHT] President Zelensky reported that mobile crematoria have been used in Mariupol by Russian troops to dispose of Ukrainian dead bodies as well as chemical weapons. Following President Zelensky’s claims and yesterday’s statement from the International Criminal Court chief prosecutor, President Joe Biden has openly accused Russian troops of committing “genocide” in Ukraine. Such a statement seems to be supported by PM Boris Johnson who also stated: “[reports from Ukraine] do not look far short of genocide”. In the wake of Russia’s confirmed violations in Ukraine, President Joe Biden yesterday announced that the Pentagon would send $800 million in military aid to Ukraine.