Emma Raducanu sealed a dominant 6-1 6-2 victory in her maiden WTA Tour clay match on Wednesday. The eighth seed needed just 70 minutes to blow qualifier Storm Sanders away at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart. Her overwhelming win came just days after the Brit suffered an injury scare at the Billie Jean King Cup. Raducanu was playing just her third professional match on the clay and making her debut on the surface at WTA Tour level when she produced a stunning display to defeat the 197th-ranked qualifier 6-1 6-2. The 19-year-old was victorious in her clay debut at the BJK Cup on Satuday but then suffered a right foot injury in her one-sided loss on day two of the tie, needing a medical time out and bathing her feet in "surgical spirit" after picking up severe blisters. The world No 12 looked worlds away from her "redundant and helpless" self in Saturday's 6-1 6-1 loss to Marketa Vondrousova, as she managed to almost reverse the scoreline against Sanders. After blowing her 40-0 lead in the first game to find herself at deuce, Raducanu held on and managed to get an early break, saving her own break point at 3-1 and going on to take the first set 6-1 in just 30 minutes. She carried her momentum into the second set, breaking in a lengthy 12-minute opening game that saw five deuces and four break point chances for the Brit, as Sanders continued to fire double faults and looked overpowered by the eighth seed. Raducanu won seven games in a row before the Aussie finally ended her run and got on the scoreboard for 2-1 in the second set but the US Open champion broke again, leading 5-1. JUST IN: Djokovic receives boost as Serb cleared for Rome after vaccine drama  Sanders held once more to win just her third game of the match before Raducanu successfully served out a 6-1 6-2 win over the 27-year-old in an hour and 10 minutes to book her place in the second round. The eighth seed will next face lucky loser Tamara Korpatsch, who upset Jasmine Paolini in her own opening round. Looking ahead in the draw, the US Open champion and world No 1 Iga Swiatek are both one win away from a first career meeting. The Pole also won her first Grand Slam title as a teenager at the 2020 French Open and is now 20 matches unbeaten, spanning titles in Doha, Indian Wells and Miami, and a win for Poland in the BJK Cup qualifier tie. DON'T MISSDjokovic looking to buy Serbia Open with hopes of boosting ATP statusTennis champion Pam Shriver 'lured into relationship' with coachWimbledon confirm ban on Russian players as Medvedev to miss out  It was a welcome victory for the Bromley teenager, having previously won just two matches on the tour this year plus her 7-5 7-5 BJK Cup win over Tereza Martincova over the weekend. The match was also just Raducanu's fifth tour victory since she won the US Open as a qualifier last September. The world No 12 has been insistent that she believes clay could become one of her strongest surfaces despite having never played a professional match on the dirt until this weekend. “I feel this could be one of my strongest surfaces going forward but of course it’s early days right now,” she said during the BJK Cup tie in Prague. “I feel like I have got a lot more potential physically. And I do enjoy sliding. So, after spending more time on this surface, I’m sure I’ll time it better and learn more about the surface but also just the time that the clay brings. I feel like I can really use it and play aggressive.”