Why Didn't They Ask Evans? is being directed by House star Hugh Laurie, bringing the classic murder mystery tale to life on Britbox. A vicar's son begins to investigate a man's death after he asks the titular question with his last dying breath. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Why Didn't They Ask Evans. Bobby Jones is the son of the local vicar and is himself as honest as can be so when he hears the final mutterings of a dying man, he knows he must do what he can to find the truth. Leading the cast as Bobby Jones is actor Will Poulter who rose to fame as a child actor on the big and small screen. He was Lee Carter in the 2007 movie Son of Rambow and went on to star in The Maze Runner and The Chronicles of Narnia movies. Poulter has also been in the comedy We're the Millers with Jennifer Aniston and The Revenant with Leonardo Dicaprio. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait Assisting in Bobby's investigation is Lady Frankie Derwent who is portrayed by actress Lucy Boynton. The socialite Frankie has been described as "a clever, unflappable woman with a flair for adventure". Actress Boynton has been in Sense and Sensibility, Miss Potter, Don't Knock Twice and most recently, The Ipcress File on ITV. This isn't her first time working on an Agatha Christie story, having played Countess Andrenyi in the 2017 film adaptation of Murder On The Orient Express. Dr James Nicholson is a psychologist and clinical director of the sanatorium Merroway Court. He is portrayed by actor Hugh Laurie who is also directing and working as an executive producer on the mini-series. Laurie is best known for playing Dr Gregory House on the Fox medical drama television series House for eight years. Older fans will also remember him for being part of the recurring cast in the Blackadder comedy series with Rowan Atkinson, Tony Robinson, Stephen Fry and Tim McInnerny. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Wendy Posner to exit as secret exposed during trial [THEORY]Why did Theo James leave Sanditon as Sidney Parker? [CAST]How many episodes are in Sanditon season 2? [EXPLAINER] Fellow socialites in the Britbox drama will be Lord and Lady Marcham, who are the parents of Lady Frances. But what role will they play in the drama and how are they going to react to Frankie getting herself involved in the investigation? Actor Jim Broadbent has starred in a plethora of shows and films over the years, including the Harry Potter franchise, Paddington, Game of Thrones, War and Peace, and The Young Victoria. Fellow actress Emma Thompson has a similarly long list of credits to her name, with Last Christmas, Nanny McPhee, Love Actually, The Remains of the Day and Saving Mr Banks to name a few. Actress Maeve Dermody is taking on the role of Dr Nicholson's troubled wife Moira. She has been in The Beast Must Die, Marcella, Carnival Row and SS-GB. Other cast members include: Dr Alwyn Thomas - Conleth Hill Roger Bassington-ffrench - Daniel Ings Henry - Miles Jupp Sylvia Bassington-ffrench - Amy Nuttall Why Didn't They Ask Evans? premieres on Thursday, April 14, on Britbox.