This prospect is making royal aides “worried “ about the prospect of the public not seeing the monarch at all during the summer celebrations. Royal insider Angela Levin told The Sun that the Queen will only appear on a “few” occasions during the pageantry, such as the service at St Paul’s Cathedral.  Ms Levin also added that aides were concerned that the monarch’s potential absence may impact crowd numbers. She said: “It's going to be very difficult and I think they will only show her in a few instances, maybe. “That will be very important to her because she is a Christian. “I don’t think we'll see her around and about. Maybe she'll be well enough to sit and watch horses.  “It won't be her, everywhere. But if she is there, she will appreciate the fact the public will be wanting to be there and supporting her. “I imagine that the aides are worried that if the public don't see her, people may think that if she's not there it's not worth us going.” The 70th anniversary of Her Majesty's reign will be marked this June with a four-day bank holiday weekend of street parties, outdoor lunches, and a concert at Buckingham Palace. However, concerns have been raised about the health of the 95-year-old sovereign's health in recent months. READ MORE:Harry and Meghan 'will not be given audience' with Dutch king  Having recovered from coronavirus, the Queen has been battling mobility issues and is reportedly unable to stand for long periods of time. Her Majesty has scaled back the number of functions she attends with some of them conducted via video conferencing platforms. On other occasions, rather than travelling herself, people travel to the Queen, usually at Windsor Castle, in order to get around mobility concerns. There have also been rumours that the monarch may be forced to use a wheelchair on certain occasions. DON'T MISS:  Royal Family LIVE: 'Quite painful' Harry set to snub Jubilee as Queen' [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry to get armed protection from state police [INSIGHT] Princess Anne’s secret affair with now-husband Timothy Laurence [SPOTLIGHT]  This is something that the the royal matriarch is believed to want to avoid remembering the spectacle of her sister Princess Margaret attending royal events in a wheelchair before her death in 2002.