Formula One fans have been excited by rumours that two unnamed teams are set to swap drivers midway through the season, with Lewis Hamilton being mooted as one of the potential stars to undergo the transfer. However, with other stars undergoing contractual issues and poor form, there are a plethora of stars who could be up for consideration. Express Sport takes a look at five drivers who could be up for consideration. Lewis Hamilton Hamilton has been underwhelming this season to say the least. Mercedes have not helped him at all this season, but there is still an argument to say the Brit should be challenging at least the top six in every race. He is held in the highest regard by Mercedes given how well he has done throughout his career, and this current run of form is likely a blip. But the Englishman could simply leave if he feels that Mercedes can not fulfil his needs - paving a move to another team... Pierre Gasly Gasly had been linked to being promoted to Red Bull once again after he left the team midway through the 2019 season after some admittedly underwhelming performances. The Frenchman has been at Toro Rosso and AlphaTauri - Red Bull's sister team - ever since, and has impressed with a spate of top-half finishes, including a win in the Italian Grand Prix back in 2020. And with Sergio Perez's contract due to run out at the end of the calendar, he could jump ship with the aim of impressing Christian Horner a second time around. Sergio Perez As previously mentioned, Perez only has a one year deal, with his tenure with the Austrian outfit expiring at the end of the season. He has done relatively well this campaign, sitting third in the standings and recording two second-place finishes in his last two races. But if his form starts to hold up and he falters throughout the season, Gasly could be promoted into his place with Red Bull thinking about the long-term. Yuki Tsunoda Tsunoda is currently racing for AlphaTauri at the moment, but his performances have been lacklustre to say the least. The Japanese star has only registered three top-seven finishes in his 23 outings in Formula One and has failed to improve this season with an eighth and fifteenth-placed finish in four races. With Red Bull generally ruthless when it comes to their talent system, he could be ousted from his position if results do not pick up in the future with plenty of talent waiting in the wings to snap up his place. Nicholas Latifi Canadian racer Latifi is a man living on the edge after various failures and bloopers in his time at Williams. He has only finished in the top 10 just twice in the last two-and-a-half seasons, with his highest finish being a seventh-placed finish in the 2021 Hungarian Grand Prix being his best. He has failed to complete three of his last six races, and his crash in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix at the end of the season practically handed Max Verstappen the title. And with Sky reporting that rumours have surfaced that Williams could replace him with Oscar Piastri of Alpine, Latifi could be waving goodbye to a Formula One career.