The state pension is currently relied upon by millions of people right across the country. However, it is worth noting individuals do not get this sum automatically, and they will need to claim. Currently, the full basic state pension is worth £137.60 per week, while the full new state pension is £179.60 per week. Not everyone will get the full sum, as it is dependent on one’s National Insurance record. But regardless of what a person actually receives, many will want to increase their sum. This is possible, however, individuals will have to delay receiving their state pension to do so. READ MORE: WASPI women receive update - 'further evidence' to be reviewed It is a process known as deferral, and by doing so, the Government states “you could increase the payments you get when you decide to claim it”. The rules on deferral will differ depending on if a person claims the old basic state pension or the new state pension. Those who reach state pension age on or after April 6, 2016 will see their sate pension increase every week they defer, as long as they defer for at least nine weeks. The sum increases by the equivalent of one percent for every nine weeks of deferral, working out as just shy of 5.8 percent for every 52 weeks. DON'T MISSState pension chaos as Britons ‘less trustful’ of pension policy [INSIGHT]Britons may be able to boost their husband or wife's retirement fund [ANALYSIS]Drawdown vs. annuity - how to determine what's best for your pension [EXCLUSIVE] For someone on the full new state pension, deferring for 52 weeks will mean getting an extra £10.42 per week. The extra amount is paid with a regular state pension payment. However, this example assumes no annual increase to the state pension sum. Due to the triple lock, the amount Britons get could be larger, the Government has said. The rules will slightly differ for those who reached state pension age before April 6, 2016. The state pension will increase every week of deferral, as long as this is done for five weeks at the least. It will increase by the equivalent of one percent for every five weeks, or 10.4 percent for every 52 weeks. For someone on the full basic state pension of £137.60 per week, deferring for 52 weeks means an extra £14.31 a week.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Once again, the amount a person gets could actually be slightly higher than this if the state pension has an annual increase. The extra state pension can either be taken in higher weekly payments, or as a one-off lump sum for those on the basic state pension. Lump sum payments can be secured if a person defers claiming their state pension for at least 12 months in a row. This includes interest of two percent above the Bank of England base rate. However, Britons should be aware they will be taxed at their current rate on their lump sum payment.