The modern celebration of Easter is often associated with the beginning of spring; symbols such as flowers, chicks and eggs all represent new beginnings, a connection said to stem from the Bible story. But perhaps the most popular element of current Easter traditions is the excuse to indulge in everyone’s favourite sweet treat – chocolate. It is known that the Queen is a huge fan of chocolate, with Darren McGrady, a former royal chef, revealing that the monarchy is a “chocoholic”. Her Majesty has seemingly passed her taste for chocolate onto her grandson, Prince William, who in 2020 was called out by his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge for eating all of the chocolate in their house during a Zoom call with pupils from Casterton Primary Academy. The prince’s sweet tooth has apparently been around since he was a young boy. Speaking to OK! Magazine, Mr McGrady revealed that one Easter, when William, Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice were still children, he decided to make a Hickory Dickory Dock nursery rhyme-themed chocolate egg as a special treat for them. But it did not quite go to plan. JUST IN: 'What I’ve always wanted!' Queen given fake hand for when arm tires on royal engagements He said: “It had a clock on the top striking one and a sugared mouse peeking out of a mouse hole. “We sent it up to the nursery on the silver tray, but 15 minutes later the Footman brought it back. “He said, ‘Nanny asked me to return this. Prince William has just stood on a chair and bitten the mouse’s head off, frightening Beatrice and Eugenie.'” The former royal chef explained that he had to act swiftly and whip up a replacement, saying: “We had to quickly make another mouse, pop it in the hole and send it back to the nursery. “I think Nanny put the egg out of William’s reach to make sure it didn’t happen again." The Royal Family have continued to make Easter a family occasion, with most members typically joining the Queen at Windsor Castle for the long weekend. On Easter Sunday, the family attends a church service at St. George’s Chapel before returning to the castle for a roast lamb dinner. While the Palace has never confirmed whether or not the Queen prepares an Easter egg hunt for her great grandchildren, the Duchess of Cambridge once let slip that there has been a private hunt on the Windsor grounds. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry get armed police protection in Holland - as Dutch also won't let Duke pay [LATEST]Harry and Meghan to 'hitch a ride' with Dutch royals in security twist [LIVE]Disgraced Prince Andrew shuts down another business venture in further blow to Duke [UPDATE] In 2018, following the Easter Sunday service, Kate told little girls that her children – Prince George and Princess Charlotte – had enjoyed an Easter egg hunt that morning. It’s suspected that the hunt is an annual tradition for the family. Last year, on their Instagram account, at the time called Kensington Royal, the Duke and Duchess gave royal fans a glimpse inside their family celebrations on Easter Sunday. A video showed a milk chocolate egg covered with white chocolate writing that read 'Happy Easter' being smashed into pieces with a rolling pin. Due to coronavirus restrictions at the time, the Cambridges stayed at home with their children, rather than travelling to Windsor. It is yet to be confirmed whether the Cambridges will join Her Majesty at Windsor for today’s Easter celebrations. The Queen pulled out of the Maundy Thursday church service this week and was instead represented by Prince Charles and his wife, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall fulfilled the ancient tradition of handing out Maundy money to community figures at St George’s Chapel. The monarch has not missed a Maundy Thursday service since 1970. Her Majesty has been experiencing health problems, and had not made a public appearance for months until Prince Philip’s Service of Thanksgiving at the end of March. The Queen has become more selective about public appearances, but continues to carry out virtual engagements and audiences from her home. It remains unknown whether she will attend the Easter Sunday service tomorrow. Tomorrow is Easter Sunday, which in Christianity is believed to mark the day that Jesus Christ rose from the dead. Having been crucified on the cross on Good Friday, Jesus was buried in a cave tomb. Two days later, on Sunday, Mary Magdalene and some of Jesus’ disciples visited the tomb to find that the stone had been moved and Jesus’ body was gone – now commonly known as his resurrection.