Gogglebox viewers are used to outrageous reactions and funny blunders while watching the hit Channel 4 show, but a recent scene appeared too much for them. Roar is a new show on Apple TV+ and showcases eight different women based on short stories by Cecelia Ahern. The popular Channel 4 show aired the episode inspired by The Woman Who Was Fed By A Duck where one actress goes to bed with the small creature, and the obscure scene prompted many viewers to complain to Ofcom. Gogglebox was hit with 149 complaints due to showing Elisa (played by Merritt Wever) seduced by a duck and then ultimately satisfied orally by it. Viewer Tom Michael Murray tweeted: "I'll never look at a duck the same way again #Gogglebox." Claire Gilding added: "Caught up with #Gogglebox, and whoever made that #roar program needs sacking!! I can't look at a duck in the same way now. #Disgusting." The peculiar sequence sent fans into a frenzy, with the majority not entirely understanding what they saw and questioning why it had to happen. Read More: 'British public don't want them' Lady C warns Meghan and Harry will be 'booed' on return   Samantha Mason commented: "I'm so glad I watched Gogglebox on catch up on Sunday and not Friday because that 'lady s**gs a duck' segment truly has ruined my day (which luckily is a Monday) but it could have ruined my entire weekend. "Why does it exist? Why's it on telly? Just why why why whyyyy #gogglebox." (sic) @mummarebecca also questioned why the show was made and said: "That show Roar. Is disgusting! Just seen a clip of a talking duck having oral sex with a woman on #gogglebox and I'm legit traumatised #roar. "WHO the hell came up with that show, and WHO approved it! Yuck." (sic) It wasn't just the audience who was disturbed by the clip. The cast of the show also struggled to watch what was unfolding on screen. In the Gogglebox clip, onlookers saw star Roisin state: "This can't go where I think it's going to go!" Her partner Joe added: "What the f*** is going on?" Fan favourites Giles and Mary struggled to get through it. DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC after just two series [LATEST]‘People will look at you!’ Eamonn Holmes wades into row as UK countryside branded racist [LATEST]'You weren't in cabinet' Boris slaps down TalkTV's Tom in tense cost of living probe [LATEST] "The duck can’t physically…" a puzzled Giles asked. Mary replied: "Well he can, he can use his beak as a penetrative tool." As the unexpected sequence continued, she added: “It’s terrible. Really bad. It’s the worst programme I’ve ever seen.” Cutting to Shirley and Dave in Caerphilly, a shocked Shirley commented: “Bl**dy hell, I’ve seen it all now. There’s feathers everywhere.”    