Brooklyn Beckham’s £3 million wedding saw no expense spared this weekend, as the 23-year-old tied the knot with Nicola Peltz, 27. The star-studded event was hosted at Nicola's billionaire father's £76million mega-mansion in Miami. Proud parents David and Victoria held hands as they watched their eldest son wed his heiress actress fiancee. With Nicola’s father Nelson Peltz worth an estimated £1.3billion, and Brooklyn’s parents worth a combined £345million, it’s no wonder the event was packed with glamour. But businessman Nelson will be reportedly footing the entire bill for his darling daughter. At £3million total cost, the big day was four times what David and Victoria splashed for theirs back in 1999. READ MORE: David Beckham holds Victoria’s hand as they watch son Brooklyn wed A reported £50,000 of rare orchids adorned the venue, while guests quenched their thirst with an “unlimited” supply of £200 bottles of Bollinger champagne. To soak up the booze, Brooklyn’s pals will be treated to top notch Cordon Bleu grub catered by none other than celebrity chef and family friend Gordan Ramsay, who stayed to watch the nuptials. The wedding marquee featured a white and gold theme, and the venue also boasts an outdoor tennis and basketball court and a swimming pool. There is an enormous music system to help attendees dance the night away as guest Snoop Dogg performs a DJ set. The ocean-front house also features 27 bedrooms and stunning gardens with views of the Miami coastline. The famous revellers included Eva Longoria, Gisele Bundchen, Venus and Serena Williams, Madonna's son Rocco and Spice Girls Mels B and C. They arrived in style as cars including Bentleys, Rolls-Royces and black-out Cadillacs lined up to transport them. Eva and Gordon, together with tennis champ Serena, who wowed in neon pink on the big day, all attended a pre-wedding dinner bash on Friday night. DON'T MISS... Andrea McLean's sadness after being forced to sell home amid show exitSame Academy took 40 years to ban Polanski' Piers Morgan slams OscarsMichael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer They will have dined with Brooklyn's parents David and Victoria, who arrived at the wedding holding hands tenderly. Victoria donned a long, flowing silver gown for the occasion while David was dapper in a stylish black suit. Sadly Baby Spice Emma Bunton announced publicly on Instagram that she could no longer make it with just hours to go before the lavish event kicked off. "I’m so sorry i couldn’t make it there to celebrate you both," she lamented on the social media site, before insisting: "We Love you all very much." Describing the pair as "beautiful souls", the singer - who has partied with the newly-weds in the past urged: "@victoriabeckham @davidbeckham try not to cry to much!! #happytears". Sadly, Brooklyn’s godfather Elton John, was also unable to attend due to scheduling conflicts. His farewell tour, marking the final time he will ever perform his music on a live stage, is currently in full swing, and he was due in Knoxville, Tennessee the night before, and Lexington, New York on the day of the wedding itself. It would have meant an 11-hour road trip or a stressful connecting flight to meet the Beckhams in Miami, and so he was forced to pull out.