Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has explained his decision to leave Harry Maguire on the bench for this afternoon's showdown with Arsenal. The England international has been in poor form over the last few months. And, against Liverpool on Tuesday, his season hit a new low. Maguire has been in poor form for United, with the England international’s status as captain now under threat ahead of the Erik ten Hag era. And Rangnick has now chosen to demote his skipper for this afternoon’s crunch Premier League clash with Arsenal. Instead, the German has picked Raphael Varane and Victor Lindelof to be his centre-backs, with Maguire on the bench. And Rangnick has explained his decision to MUTV by saying: "I had to make a decision between the three of them [Lindelof, Varane, Maguire]. “Two could only play. Harry has had a tough week. “I decided to give him a rest and play with Rapha Varane and Victor Lindelof." THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United have gone strong as they look to boost their hopes of securing Champions League football. David De Gea starts in goal, behind a back four consisting of Varane, Lindelof, Diogo Dalot and Alex Telles. Scott McTominay and Nemanja Matic have been deployed in midfield, with Bruno Fernandes playing further ahead. Jadon Sancho and Anthony Elanga start on the flanks. And Cristiano Ronaldo returns to the team up top following the heartbreaking death of his young son. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Meanwhile, Maguire and other United players will have a new manager next season. Prior to the match with Arsenal, it’s been confirmed Erik ten Hag will take over from Rangnick come the end of the campaign. And the United interim boss has given his successor his backing, insisting he’s got the ability to succeed where others have failed at Old Trafford. “From what I’ve seen of him with Bayern Munich and Ajax now, I like his football and I’m pretty positive with a full pre-season and having the chance to build and mould his own staff with a new team,” he said. “I’m pretty sure we’ll see a different team and improvement on the pitch.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Rangnick has also hailed Arsenal for their improvement under Mikel Arteta. “I think they drew the right conclusions from what they experienced earlier on in the season,” he stated. “They brought in some young players, [Martin] Odegaard for example, they got rid of some players who didn’t fit that style of football. “It’s a high attacking team with fast strikers, pretty aggressive in the first third, always trying to press and counter-press. “I like watching them actually, but hopefully not against us tomorrow, so it’s up to us to be aware and prepared of what they’re doing up front, but at the same time, taking advantage of the space that we will hopefully get in their half.”