Tottenham gave their bid for Champions League qualification a huge boost on Sunday with an emphatic 5-1 win over Newcastle which took them to fourth in the Premier League for at least 24 hours. But Danny Murphy has cast doubt over whether signings to take the club forward will follow in the summer, with the former Liverpool midfielder criticising Antonio Conte for his "emotional, workaholic" behaviour. Conte joined Spurs in November after Nuno Espirito Santo was sacked after just 10 Premier League games. The Italian had a relatively strong start to his tenure, failing to lose in the league for nine games before three defeats in a row followed. But with the north London outfit having won five of their last six top-flight fixtures, they have hit form at just the right time in their bid for Champions League qualification. Reinforcements will be required in summer regardless of where they finish as Conte aims to continue the work of the last six months. But Murphy believes that recruiting top players will be a tough ask for transfer chief Fabio Paratici due to Conte's personality. "It's a personal thing, because if you know him and you've worked with him, yes would be the answer," Murphy said on talkSPORT. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Fred vindicates Alves claim after rescuing Leicester draw "But no, looking from afar. Would you want to play for a highly emotional, workaholic manager who has you training like a demon and doesn't take any backchat? I'm sure he's not the most appealing manager in the world if you don't know him. "If I was playing now I wouldn't be thinking 'I'd love to go play under Conte' and call him a tyrant in a nice way. That's not the type of manager I'd want to go and play for." The Italian was delighted with his team's performance in the drubbing of Eddie Howe's Newcastle. "I'm seeing great improvement in many aspects. The technical, tactical aspects, the mentality," Conte said.  DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford jobTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle winLiverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader' "We know very well that in this race there are other teams that may in this moment have an advantage. Arsenal has to play two games. Don't forget Manchester United. "Don't forget West Ham and Wolverhampton are having a fantastic season. This league is very difficult. I'm happy because hard work is paying off."