Erik ten Hag has agreed to become the next manager of Manchester United, according to reports. The Ajax boss has been battling with the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui to take over from Ralf Rangnick at Old Trafford. Yet, now, it seems the 52-year-old is set for the biggest job of his career with United reaching an agreement in principle. United, according to The Athletic, have struck a verbal agreement with Ten Hag that will see him become their new boss. The 52-year-old is poised to take over from Rangnick, who is poised to move upstairs as a consultant come the end of the campaign. It’s stated that United will finalise Ten Hag’s coaching staff in due course, while an official announcement won’t be made just yet out of respect to Ajax. The Dutch giants are due to face PSV Eindhoven in the Dutch Cup final this weekend. And United don’t want to risk rocking the boat and damaging their hopes of bringing Ten Hag to the club this summer. United and Ten Hag’s representatives, SEG, have both declined to comment on the matter. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Pochettino had, until recently, been widely considered the frontrunner for the post with United admiring the Argentine since his time with Southampton. Yet it’s now claimed the Red Devils have ‘opted against’ hiring the current PSG boss. Ten Hag has been at Ajax since taking over in December 2017 and has won two league titles there so far, playing some enthralling and entertaining football along the way. He’s previously spent time coaching at Bayern Munich, where he learned from current Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola. And a move to United is now primed to happen. Regarding his coaching staff, Ten Hag is expected to bring Ajax assistant Mitchell van der Gaag with him to Old Trafford. And there have been rumours he’ll also look to hire other coaches with experience of both life at United and in the Premier League. Steve McClaren, who worked under Sir Alex Ferguson, is one possible option having previously spent time with Ten Hag at FC Twente. And Robin van Persie and Jaap Stam have been tipped to return, too. Meanwhile, De Telegraaf journalist Marcel Van der Kraan has explained how the 52-year-old wants to focus on footballing matters at Old Trafford. “He is not scared to take on the Manchester United job,” he wrote for the BBC. “But he will want to be in a tracksuit many hours a day. He doesn't consider himself an office man - if he did he'd have gone in to his dad's company. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He would hate to constantly be on the phone to agents, and I have a feeling that is one of the main discussion points about his potential appointment. That's where he'll want a sporting director or an assistant with the ability to do that. For me, it would be a mistake for him to go down the route of thinking part of his job is fitting into the traditional English way of management. “He will not want to go in there thinking he has to take on the whole of Manchester United. He will want to focus on giving the club an identity again - and he will do that best by putting on a tracksuit.” Ten Hag will be United’s fifth managerial appointment since 2013, with David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer all hired and fired since then.