The UK is no stranger to hay fever as one in five Britons suffer from the stubborn symptoms, according to Asthma UK. As pharmacies’ shelves can be overflowing with hay fever products at this time of year, it can be difficult to navigate the world of remedies. Speaking on BBC’s Morning Live, Dr Farooque explained what to watch out for. Antihistamines are one of the most potent weapons when it comes to hay fever, designed to relieve symptoms of various allergies. Dr Farooque offered “two tips when it comes to” this medicine. She said: “First, always look at the name of the drug, not necessarily the brand. “The brand doesn’t matter so much, it’s the drug that matters. “Doctors divide antihistamines into first-generation, which are older, and second-generation, which are newer.” READ MORE: New ‘killer’ cancer treatment stops one third of tumours growing  Out of these two types, the one to “avoid” is the first-generation option also known as “older”. Dr Farooque continued: “The first-generation antihistamine is one called chlorpheniramine and I advise patients to avoid these. “The reasons for that [is] they are really old, they’ve been around for 70, 73 years, they work less well. “You have to take them several times a day but, also, they can be sedating.”  However, that isn’t the only dangerous effect of the little pill. The allergy expert warned: “And even if they are not sedating, they can slow your reaction times. “So, in some studies, they have more impact on your driving than being drunk.” MedlinePlus also warned against driving or operating machinery when following a chlorpheniramine treatment. Fortunately, there’s another category of antihistamines that is "less likely" to make you sleepy. According to the NHS, non-drowsy antihistamines include: The health service stated that this option is “generally the best” as it’s less likely to leave you drowsy. “Ask a pharmacist for advice if you're unsure which medicine to try as not all antihistamines are suitable for everyone,” it added. Dr Farooque explained that the main symptoms have itchiness in common. “Allergy and itch go together, unfortunately,” she noted. She listed these signs in the hay fever segment: The expert added that the number of tissue packets you get through could also be pointing to the allergic reaction. The NHS concluded that you should see a GP if your symptoms don’t improve after taking medicines or if they get worse.