Manchester United legend Sir Alex Ferguson has made his first public comments about Erik ten Hag since he was appointed as the club's new manager. Earlier this month, United confirmed Ten Hag would be taking charge at Old Trafford this summer. Ten Hag, completing his fourth full season as Ajax boss, will succeed Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and become United's fifth permanent manager since Sir Alex's retirement in 2013. The club have endured a largely dismal last decade, in which David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Solskjaer have all fallen to the sword. On Wednesday, Sir Alex, part-owner of horse Clan des Obeaux, spoke to RTE Racing about the competitor's chances of success at this week's Punchestown Festival. And at the end of the interview, the iconic Scotsman was asked for his thoughts on Ten Hag's imminent arrival. He said: "Well, I hope he does well because the club needs someone to get in control. I hope he does well, yeah." Alongside him, commentary legend Des Scahill added: "Well, we were spoiled; this man [Sir Alex] gave us so many great days. We're suffering at the moment, but we keep the faith." JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp urged to quit football for politics  Ten Hag has a monumental task on his hands to steer the club away from the sinkhole that it's currently engulfed in amid a disastrous season from start to finish. Ralf Rangnick has struggled to inspire a dressing room in disarray and United look set to miss out on Champions League football next season. The Dutchman boasts one of the most glittering reputations among elite coaches across Europe, but he's walking into one of the toughest jobs football has to offer. Former United defender Mikael Silvestre hopes his reputation will sky rocket in line with success on the pitch, similarly to Sir Alex's throughout his 27-year tenure. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel shares advice from Man Utd's Ralf Rangnick  He told Genting Casino: "He isn't a massive name, and when Sir Alex joined the club as manager, he wasn't a big name. I hope that he can follow in Alex's footsteps and Erik's name is huge when he eventually leaves United. That, for me, would be the best-case scenario. It would be amazing." Ten Hag will hope to wrap up a third Dutch Eredivisie title before making his way to England at the end of the season. And whilst it's almost impossible to match the legacy Sir Alex left behind, the Scotsman and many others will hope for improvement starting next term. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.