While Ralf Rangnick's appointment was met with some optimism back in November, his reign at Manchester United has proved to be a disaster. One man who predicted that the German's interim time at the club would not work out was Roy Keane, who immediatley raised concerns. Keane has been a fierce critic of United this season, amid what has been a dreadful campaign. But he made it clear that he did not think the interim appointment of Rangnick was the answer, as well as stating his belief that their performances had not been good enough. “Obviously, I’ve argued with Jamie [Carragher] about a manager getting enough time and Ole did get enough time and the results and the performances over the last couple of months have been really poor," Keane told Sky Sports in November. “So, there was no real surprise after the Watford game but the club now have to regroup, get somebody in and get the deed over the line. I don’t think it’s ideal this interim stuff until the end of the season. READ MORE: Man Utd exodus eyed up by Mourinho as Roma boss 'green lights' move "But it is what it is and they have to get on with it. Ultimately, when I look at the last few performances from the players, they’re nowhere near good enough for Man United but the manager paid the price.” All of Keane's analysis from that time still rings true, with Rangnick's arrival failing to spark a real turnaround. If anything, United have taken a clear step backwards over recent weeks as their bid for a top four spot continues to fall apart. DON'T MISS: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick brutally mocked with 'Argos coaching badge' (INSIGHT)Man Utd trolled by Shrewsbury after 4-0 defeat to Liverpool - 'Levels' (NEWS)Jamie Carragher laughs at Gary Neville for woeful Man Utd prediction (ANALYSIS) Keane's belief that the United squad was not good enough when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked remains accurate. Rangnick himself has made it clear that a huge clearout of the club will be needed under incoming boss Erik ten Hag. The predictions of their former captain have come back to haunt United, especially in the aftermath of their hammering at the hands of Liverpool. A major rebuild is now needed if the Red Devils are to respond to Keane's analysis.