Prince Louis, the youngest child of the Cambridge clan, turns four years old today, giving the Royal Family and royal fans cause for celebration. The youngster’s parents Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, 40, and Prince William, 39, will likely have a special surprise in store for their third born. Two years ago, the couple celebrated Louis’ second birthday with a light-hearted joke on Twitter. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge posted two pictures of their son covered in paint as he took part in some handprint art. In a light-hearted post on their official account, they wrote: “Instagram Vs Reality. “Thank you for your lovely messages on Prince Louis’s second birthday. “We are very pleased to share today, on Prince Louis' second birthday, new photographs taken by the Duchess this April.” The two photos of Louis taken by Kate were part of a collection released for his second birthday. JUST IN: 'Can see it all blow up in their face again' Harry and Meghan issued ominous book warning The Duchess snapped photos of her son wearing a blue gingham-style shirt as he smiled at the camera. The photos were taken in Norfolk, the location of the Cambridges’ Anmer Hall residence near the Queen’s Sandringham Estate. In one image Louis can be seen looking excited as he raises his paint-coloured hands towards his face. Louis joined thousands of other youngsters across the country in creating rainbow artwork in response to the pandemic. The Prince’s second birthday came shortly after England was plunged into its first COVID-19 lockdown of the pandemic. Kate opened up about her and William’s life under restrictions with Louis and their other children, Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, six. She told BBC News that there had been “lots of homeschooling, which is challenging.” She added: “Don’t tell the children we’ve actually kept it going through the holidays, I feel very mean. “It’s just having that bit of structure, actually. “It’s great, there are so many great tips online and fun activities that you can do with the children, so it hasn’t been all hardcore.” DON'T MISS: Beaming Queen in her element as she poses with beloved ponies for 96th birthday picture [LATEST]Meghan Markle’s first ‘reality check’ in royal life that foreshadowed shock exit [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Prince Harry apologise for Queen comments in US interview? [ANALYSIS] The Duchess is known to be an avid amateur photographer and is a patron of the Royal Photographic Society. She also published a picture she had taken of Louis last year to celebrate his third birthday. The charming snap was posted on Twitter ahead of the Prince’s first day of pre-school at the Willcocks Nursery School. It features a smiling Louis riding a small bike, wearing blue shorts, a shirt and a jumper. The caption for the photo read: “Taken earlier this week by The Duchess before he left for his first day of nursery. “The Duke and Duchess are pleased to share a new image of Prince Louis.” The Royal Family are celebrating two birthdays this week as the Queen also turned 96 on Thursday. To mark the milestone, the Cambridges posted a picture of Her Majesty and her late husband Prince Philip sitting on a sofa with seven of their great-grandchildren, including Louis.