Prince William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, have recently returned to the UK after an eight-day tour of the Commonwealth's Caribbean islands. Over the past few months, concerns have been growing over the health of Queen Elizabeth II as she began to cancel or push back her royal duties. The next in line to the throne is the Queen's son and William's father, Prince Charles, however, former royal expert for The Sun, Charles Rae, has revealed that Prince William's reign on the throne will see a monarchy that has never been seen before. Joining GB News hosts Anne Diamond and Stephen Dixon, Charles admitted that the Prince of Wales' reign would likely be short-lived before Prince William took over. Anne began: "There are a lot of royal stories in the papers today, a lot of them about Prince William, who is reportedly looking to shake up the monarchy when he becomes Prince of Wales." Stephen continued: "According to the Mail on Sunday, he is going to adopt an approach close to his grandfather's, Prince Philip, then his father. "What do you make of this when he says he is going to be more like Prince Philip?" he asked Charles. READ MORE: Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders "Well, we will have to wait and see if, in fact, this actually happens," the former correspondent explained. "But what it seems is, is that he and Catherine want to concentrate on five or six core charity projects which was what Prince Philip did, rather than the myriad of charities that the Prince of Wales is involved in. "That doesn't mean he is going to ignore all these other charities it just means he is going to concentrate on some of them. "Now it is going to look like there is a rift between father and son, but it isn't really it is just a reshaping of the role. "It is only to be expected that this is a modern guy who will one day become the Prince of Wales and will want to do it in his own way." Anne added: "It is a difficult thing, isn't it, because what sort of role is it you are sort of the monarch in waiting, and yet you have got to because you are likely to be in the role for a long time, you have got to make it mean something haven't you!" Agreeing with Anne, Charles responded: "Yes, you have, and I mean Prince Charles has made it mean something. "He started with the Prince's Trust and everything else, now it looks like he [William] may not concentrate that much on the Prince's Trust. DON'T MISS...Royal Family LIVE: William's plan to change Prince of Wales role [INSIGHT]Charles 'feels forgotten' after William's bold royal blueprint plan [LATEST]William and Harry's 'unbreakable bond' to bring brothers together [WATCH] "He might concentrate more on the foundation that he started with Prince Harry, which in effect does the same sort of job." Anne mentioned that Charles and Camilla "aren't spring chickens", and by the time they get to the throne, they might not be there as long as the Queen has been. "By the time they become King and Queen, they may be quite elderly, and so William and Kate are going to have to do more, aren't they?" she asked. Charles exclaimed: "Well, yes, they are because, as you quite rightly say, Charles and Camila are into their 70s, whenever they take over the throne, they are going to be a little bit older. "Hopefully not too elderly, and so yes, we are not going to see a monarchy that we have had over the last 70 years that is quite clear. "William could well be Prince of Wales, maybe not for as long as his father but certainly for quite a while. "But we are not going to see a monarchy the way we have had it before," he revealed. Breakfast with Stephen and Anne airs Saturday and Sunday from 6am on GB News.