Geri Horner, 49, is reportedly set to “skip” Brooklyn Beckham’s wedding to attend the Australian Grand Prix alongside her husband, former racing driver Christian Horner, 50. The reports come as fans hoped to have a full Spice Girls reunion at the lavish ceremony for David and Victoria Beckham’s eldest son, 23, as he marries Nicola Peltz at her family's Florida home. According to a source, Geri and Chris will enjoy some time off work together during their trip to Australia. The insider claimed: “Geri has been accompanying Christian where possible on all of his work trips. “This one is particularly far away but it is the Easter holidays so it was possible to make the journey. “They are hoping to get some down time there too. “With Christian busy with work she didn’t want to fly out to the States on her own,” the source told The Sun. So far the only member of Spice Girls who has confirmed her attendance to the wedding is Mel B. She revealed she would be attending the glitzy event during an appearance on ITV's Lorraine in March. Emma Bunton, and Mel C, known respectively Baby Spice and Sporty Spice, are yet to publicly confirm attendance. Fans of the legendary pop band had been hoping for a reunion as the group has not been pictured together since 2018. The claims come after David and Victoria Beckham suffered a terrifying burglary in their £40 million West London house. The couple were at home with their daughter, Harper, 10, when a masked man broke in and stole thousands of pounds worth of their possessions, according to reports. Their son Cruz, 17, discovered the signs of a burglary when he returned home from a night out, reports say. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley proposed to wife Judy three weeks into 'affair'  [INSIGHT]'Same Academy took 40 years to ban Polanski' Piers Morgan slams Oscars [LATEST]Will Smith begs Jada Pinkett not to film him in heated unearthed video [UPDATE] He purportedly realised a spare bedroom had been damaged and there was glass from the broken window scattered across on the floor. David is said to have called the police after his son told him about his discovery. The Metropolitan Police has said in a statement to Express.co.uk: "Police were called at 00:37hrs on Tuesday, 1 March to reports of a burglary at a residential address in the W11 area of Kensington. "The burglary is believed to have taken place between 20:30hrs and 23:30hrs on Monday, 28 February. A number of items were reported stolen. "No arrests have been made. Enquiries continue." Following the events a source told The Sun: “Sadly the Beckhams were the victims of some fairly professional thieves who have been operating in the area. “Fortunately the criminals only made it as far as one bedroom before they ran off.” They added: “The security at the house is very good, both physically and technically.”