A Pakistan MP and supporter of Imran Khan has spoken of "blatant interference" from the US over a leadership dispute that has led to political turmoil in the nuclear-armed country. Prime Minister Khan has been blocking of an opposition bid to oust him while blaming a US-backed "conspiracy" for the political deadlock now gripping the country. Pakistan Justice Movement MP Fawad Chaudhry told the BBC: "This is not a political cable, this is a serious threat and National Security Committee of Pakistan has sat down and they have examined it and they have declared it as blatant interference. He added: "It is a conspiracy, it is a blatant threat of regime change and I think that no one in the world will accept this kind of language. "It is like suggesting that Mr Boris Johnson if he was removed, we work with you if Boris Johnson is there we will not work with you." Mr Chaudhry continued: "We believe that it's blatant interference in Pakistan's internal politics and an operation of regime change." Former cricket star Khan lost his parliamentary majority last week and had been facing a no-confidence vote tabled by a united opposition that he was expected to lose on Sunday. But the deputy speaker of parliament, a member of Khan's party, threw out the motion, ruling it was part of a foreign conspiracy and unconstitutional. Khan then dissolved parliament. The stand-off has thrown the country of 220 million people, ruled by the military for extended periods since independence in 1947, into a full-blown constitutional crisis. The opposition challenged Khan's decision in a legal case in the Supreme Court that began on Monday. The panel of five judges has not said when it might give a ruling. The turmoil also threatens to damage ties with long-time ally the United States, after Khan accused it of being behind the plot to overthrow him. The United States dismissed the accusation. Pakistan's security agencies have not found credible evidence to confirm Khan's complaint of a foreign conspiracy, an official with knowledge of the matter, who declined to be identified, told Reuters. Khan and the deputy speaker had said Pakistan's National Security Committee, a top panel that groups civilian officials as well as the military and intelligence chiefs, had confirmed a plot to overthrow him. DON'T MISS: Motorists hit by 14 MILLION tickets in 2 years [ANALYSIS]Britain braces as bitter -6C arctic blast to bring deep freeze [REVEAL]Search operations underway as plane crashes into English Channel [INSIGH However, the official, who is privy to such proceedings, said the security agencies had not come to the same conclusion as Khan and had communicated their view to him. Khan, who was for years critical of the US involvement in Afghanistan, also accused opposition parties of being part of a foreign conspiracy. Shehbaz Sharif, the opposition candidate likely to replace Khan as prime minister should the court rule against Khan, told media that he had urged army and intelligence chiefs to look into Khan's accusation. Political analysts say the military viewed Khan and his conservative agenda favourably when he won a general election in 2018 but the generals' support has since waned. 