Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi had their seven-month-old daughter Sienna christened on April 28. The event was a private family occasion, it has been announced, and no pictures are available from the ceremony. However, many pictures of Chapel Royal have been released before – so what is the venue like?  The chapel has been used for royal weddings and christenings over the past few centuries. This included the baptism of Prince George in October 2013, and his younger brother Prince Louis in July 2018. The venue likely had special significance to Beatrice, who has lived at St James's Palace for several years and was baptised there herself in December 1988. Photos taken within the chapel show a quaint setting.  READ MORE: Prince William 'tried hard to play it cool' on wedding day There are stained-glass windows behind the altar, wooden panelling lining the walls, and tapestries hanging above. The ceiling is decorated with royal initials and coats of arms. During the Second World War the Chapel was damaged by a bomb blast. It has since been fully restored.  The current stained glass window was installed to mark the Queen’s Golden Jubilee of 2002. It shows a tree in the centre panel reaches out with its branches, full of red and white flowers occupied by birds. There are also plaques with names of countries affiliated with the Queen. Chapel Royal was also the initial venue Beatrice and Edoardo had planned for their wedding.  They were due to marry on May 29, 2020, however their original plans were postponed due to the coronavirus pandemic. Beatrice and Edoardo eventually tied the knot on July 17, 2020 in All Saints Chapel in Windsor. It was a tiny affair with only the couple’s parents and siblings in attendance, as well as the Queen and Prince Philip. While the most recent royal weddings have been held in Windsor, the Chapel Royal has previously played host to some prestigious nuptials.  This includes Queen Victoria and Prince Albert on February 10, 1840. Their eldest daughter, Victoria, Princess Royal, was also married there in 1858 to Prince Friedrich Wilhelm of Prussia. Also, in 1893, King George V and Queen Mary were married in the Chapel. The Chapel Royal holds regular services which are open to the general public. 