New research identified the authorities issuing the most fines and making the most money from drivers. The new figures obtained using Freedom of Information requests reveal that in just 12 months between 2020 and 2021, local authorities around the country made tens of millions of pounds from bus lane fines, with some councils issuing more than 115,000 tickets in a year. Manchester was shown to be the city with the most fines for this. Research carried out by Moneybarn showed that Manchester not only issued the most penalty charge notices of any council - 116,862 - but also made the most revenue, collecting £3,701,458 in the 2020/21 financial year. Manchester has a relatively comprehensive public transport network which may explain the high number of bus fines, as residents rely heavily on trains, buses, and trams, and proper functioning of these is crucial to the city. While the council pulls in almost £4million in bus lane fines, residents in Manchester make an average weekly income of £497.20. Bristol ranked second for most bus lane fines issued, with a whopping 103,465. READ MORE: Speeding offences named as the most common car crime The fines have generated over £2million in income for Bristol council. Buses are the main form of public transport in Bristol and are therefore important in the day-to-day running of the city. On top of this large number of bus lane fines, motorists in Bristol can also attract charges should their vehicles be older and more polluting, as a clean air zone will be introduced in the city this year. Glasgow completed the top three. DON'T MISS London and Sunderland among areas best prepared for electric vehicles [REVEAL] Drivers vent their anger at EV owners who don’t have chargers [INSIGHT] ‘Britain will be left behind!’ as councils not ready for EVs [WARNING] The city issued 65,686 fines bringing in a total of £2,171,400 in income. Glasgow is the most populous city in Scotland and has recently committed to a Zero-Emission Bus Challenge. Bus operator First Bus is set to introduce 74 fully electric and zero-emission vehicles, scheduled to be introduced in the spring of 2024. Residents in Glasgow make around £552.60 per week. Birmingham council issue the fourth-highest volume of bus lane PCNs. Having issued 64,325 fines Birmingham council had an income of over £2million from fines. Birmingham motorists not only receive one of the highest numbers of bus lane PCNs in the country but could be fined up to £1,000 for flashing other drivers due to recent Highway Code updates. Residents in Birmingham make an average weekly income of £531.80. The top five was completed by Lambeth coming in at 46,609 fines. The council generated £2.7million in income. Despite such a high number of fines issued for bus lane violations, recent evidence suggests London councils are failing to charge drivers for unnecessary idling, which causes traffic pollution. According to the research, only 0.1 percent of idling drivers are fined in central London. You can see the full list of top-earning councils below: