The teenage driver in a car crash that tragically killed rising boxing star Ali Tazeem has also died. The horror accident occurred early on Easter Sunday morning in Wolverhampton just three weeks after Tazeem, dubbed 'the next Amir Khan', signed his first professional boxing contract with Probellum. Police rushed to the accident on Merridale Road where a red Vauxhall Corsa had crashed into a wall. Tazeem was pronounced dead at the scene, and while the unnamed 18-year-old driver was rushed to hospital in a critical condition, police have confirmed that his death occurred over the weekend. Two-time world champion Amir Khan had dubbed Tazeem as 'the next me'. "I definitely think he is the next big thing for sure," he stated in 2020 after watching the youngster claim two gold medals at the Bristol Boxing Cup. "The skillset he has, the movement, everything really reminds me of myself when I was younger and how I used to fight." Tazeem won 15 international gold medals and only lost six times in 51 amateur fights. Amid such high praise, the teenager was tipped to have a hugely successful professional career and had just signed with Probellum. The up-and-comer was lauded for his lightning-fast hands and defensive capabilities. Tazeem had previously done pad work with the legendary Floyd Mayweather Snr. and gave boxing training to Wolves winger Adama Traore.  West Midlands Police have confirmed that an investigation has been launched and they are appealing for information. Their statement reads: "A teenager has tragically died and another left seriously injured after a car hit a wall in Wolverhampton in the early hours of this morning. "Our thoughts are with their loved ones and we'll be offering them support at this terrible time. A cordon remains in place while officers from our serious collision investigation unit carry out enquiries to establish exactly what happened. We'd ask people not to speculate at this stage but for anyone with information to contact us as soon as possible.  "We're keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time and saw the red Vauxhall Corsa. We're particularly keen to secure any dash cam footage." Anyone with information is urged to call the police on 101, quoting log 295 of 17 April.