Liverpool may well be content with their current forward options but reports in Spain suggest that Jurgen Klopp's side will be in the running to sign Rodrygo from Real Madrid. With Luis Diaz hitting the ground running since his move from Porto in January, Klopp is spoilt for choice in attack. Mohamed Salah remains the focal point with Sadio Mane also a regular starter when fit. But Klopp now has Diaz, Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino all fighting for a starting spot with each of them capable of leading the line for Liverpool. It's a vast improvement on options Klopp previously had with Divock Origi, Takumi Minamino and Xherdan Shaqiri all failing to impress on a regular basis. Shaqiri has since left while Origi is expected to depart in the summer, but Minamino remains an option off the bench. The Japan international enjoyed good success in the Carabao Cup, scoring four goals in as many starts, but was left on the bench for the final against Chelsea. However, Liverpool head into this summer with some uncertainty over the futures of Salah, Mane and Firmino. JUST IN: Mane and Salah’s pact of silence can help Liverpool's title push  All three players are out of contract in 2023 with a new deal for Salah seemingly the priority. If one does leave this summer then Klopp may well want to bring in a replacement and that could come in the shape of Rodrygo. According to Diario AS, Rodrygo 'is going to leave Real Madrid' this summer with Los Blancos hopeful of getting around £34million for the Brazilian. The report adds that a move to the Premier League is most likely and Liverpool are in the mix. The 21-year-old moved to the Bernabeu in 2019 after agreeing a big fee with Santos the year prior for his signature. He's been tipped for a bright future at Real, but has so far struggled to live up to expectations. DON'T MISS  Rodrygo has come in as a regular starter for Real in recent weeks, but the tricky winger has failed to score in 24 La Liga appearances this season. Carlo Ancelotti has made it clear that he still fully supports Rodrygo though and likes the direction the forward is heading. “I don’t think he needs more confidence. I have given all (the confidence) in the world because he deserves it," Ancelotti said back in January. “He is competent with Asensio, both of them performed well, and so did the team. “The first half, he has been very, very effective, very dangerous, facing up. He is very young and he is going to improve.”