A decision by councillors to strip the Duke of York of his freedom of their city is the latest loss for Andrew amid the fallout from a civil sex case against the royal. Following the February legal settlement with his accuser, Virginia Giuffre, City of York Council members representing all the main parties have voted for a motion to remove Andrew's honour. The Duke has denied all allegations made by Ms Giuffre. Speaking to ITV's Good Morning Britain, Ms Seward said: "I completely understand why the people of York don't want the association but I feel timing is everything on this. "It's the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year as we all know and that starts in just over a month. "I think it would have been far kinder to the Queen, forget Prince Andrew, to remove this after the Jubilee if that's what they wanted to do. "Now there's been a huge amount of attention focused on the city of York and I would say that a majority of the population didn't even know he has the freedom of the city of York. READ MORE: Calls for Prince Andrew to lose Duke title after York honour loss "It's not up the people of York or indeed the councillors as to whether Andrew retains his title, the Duke of York. "I feel that's absolutely nothing to do with us, it's to do with the Queen. "She bestowed the title on him at his marriage. "It's traditionally a title for the second son of the monarch and I think the only way it can be removed although she bestowed it is through an act of Parliament. "That wouldn't be great for the monarchy, that wouldn't be great for anyone. I just think sometimes these things are best left alone." Andrew was given the freedom honour from York in 1987 and he is the first person ever to have it removed, the council meeting was told. The dukedom was a gift from his mother on his wedding day in 1986 and was previously used by the Queen's father George VI. In January, ahead of the legal settlement, the Queen stripped Andrew of his honorary military roles and he gave up his HRH style. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle 'concerned' new book will 'damage her image' - claim [INSIGHT]Royal editor slams Harry for comments about Queen's protection [VIDEO]'You should be embarrassed!' Dr Shola erupts at Levin in royal row [ANALYSIS] In January, he also gave up his honorary membership at the prestigious home of golf - the Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews in Fife. Many of those who spoke at the City of York Council meeting on Wednesday said they wanted Andrew to relinquish his Duke of York title. Buckingham Palace and a spokesperson for Andrew declined to comment. The Queen's second son made a rare public appearance at a Westminster Abbey service in March in memory of his father, the Duke of Edinburgh. His central role escorting the Queen to the memorial service has raised the prospect of Andrew putting in an appearance during the Platinum Jubilee weekend in June.