Manchester City ace Jack Grealish is set to sign an ‘unprecedented’ seven-figure sponsorship deal with fashion brand Gucci, according to reports. The England attacker is often seen in the designer’s outfits but is set to make a partnership official.      Gucci tend to partner with big names in the music and entertainment industry. Rihanna and Harry Styles are among the figures who have brand deals. And so striking a reported partnership with Grealish is unique as Gucci does not often work with sportspeople. It shows the 26-year-old’s global appeal. Grealish’s success over the last 12 months has raised his profile and therefore makes him a key target of brands looking to strike sponsorship deals. The playmaker forced his way into the England squad at the back end of 2020, featured prominently at the European Championship, and then moved to Man City for £100million.    JUST IN:  And the Athletic report that Grealish will earn a seven-figure sum from an agreement with Gucci. The former Aston Villa captain is often seen wearing the brand’s clothing but those items would previously have been gifted and not part of a long-term agreement. But he will now become a global ambassador for the Italian company, which the publication claims is ‘unprecedented’ for a sportsperson. City were apparently aware of Grealish’s commercial potential when they met the Birmingham-born star’s huge release clause in the summer. Grealish completed that move to join Pep Guardiola’s City and has generally settled in well, despite only scoring four goals in 30 appearances. He has spoken frequently about how it can be difficult for even the best players to find their feet under Guardiola.   DON'T MISS...Man Utd 'the new Arsenal' as Ralf Rangnick slammed - 'Disgrace'Vieira thought Wenger didn’t trust him at Arsenal anymore before exitWright could get Abraham to Arsenal wish as star hints at Prem return City are on course to win successive Premier League titles but must first fend off renewed competition from Liverpool. Guardiola’s side led the top-flight by 12 points a mere few months ago but that gap is now just one point. The title race could come down to an enticing clash between the two teams at the Etihad Stadium next week. Liverpool travel to Manchester hoping to leapfrog the reigning champions and regain their title. And new Gucci star Grealish could have a major say as the season draws towards its finale. He has started in each of City’s last three Premier League games.   