This was before she decided to go public in her support for Maya Forstater (who lost her job for tweeting her views on sex and gender), and before her now-famous essay in which she explained why she felt so passionately that women’s safe spaces must be protected because of the prevalence of male violence. We have talked regularly ever since and I soon learnt what an amazing person she is. She has a wonderful sense of humour, in fact, she is one of the funniest women I have known, and has an enormous amount of integrity and generosity. She really cares about the women at the bottom of the pile, when she is one of the wealthiest and most influential women in the world. While I have experienced my fair share of the vitriol that is so easily spread on Twitter, Jo’s profile has meant she is a huge target. It would be so easy for her to stay quiet, but she doesn’t, she puts her views out there, stands up for those far less fortunate and exposes herself to vicious threats to her life, as well as online trolling and doing. People she knew in real life denounced her, she was compared to a Nazi and labelled a bigot, a transphobe, a Terf (Trans Exclusionary Feminist) whose lifetime of philanthropic work was trashed and even dismissed as fake. And this is what the women who have been speaking out in favour of women’s rights have been facing. People think that it all just happens online, and that’s not true, it goes way beyond social media. But a solidarity has grown between us feminists, as it always does when we are under misogynistic attack. So when a message dropped into my inbox inviting me to a lovely lunch with like-minded women I, of course, jumped.  Everyone was incredibly excited. I do not tend to get starstruck for the sake of it, and am less impressed by fame than by achievement. But the amazing charisma and presence Jo has is just tangible, she is a woman who has risked so much for other people. We discussed all sorts of things, feminism, politics, and Ukraine. The fact that so many of the men on the left who call us Terfs would really rather be calling us ‘b*****s’, they would really rather we just shut up. We talked about the fact that so many are using trans rights as an excuse to air their unbridled misogyny. But mainly, we laughed. There was lots of joking, lots of fun and lots of heart. There’s nothing grand about Jo, she laughs hard until she is clutching her stomach. It may be a cliche to say she is down to Earth, but that is what she is. We let our hair down and made speeches thanking her for what she has done, and each other as well. It was truly the most wonderful gathering, it felt like a sisterhood. It definitely felt like a moment.  This lunch has now become infamous, but contrary to the idea held by some on Twitter, there was no plotting, we didn’t sit around coming up with an evil plan. I’ve never heard Jo say one anti-trans thing, I’ve never even heard her say one anti-trans word. She is pro-women’s rights, and to some people that is somehow the same thing when clearly that is nonsense. Misogyny has managed to become more acceptable through the guise of trans rights but some of us have been in the movement for decades and we have fought with our blood, sweat and tears for the single-sex spaces and refugees that have been built. We would happily fight beside trans people for their own safe spaces, we don’t want anyone to be vulnerable to male violence and we have the skills to help. We just don’t want them to be taken from women in the process. There will be more meetings, more lunches, more gatherings. This movement is growing and we are fighting against misogyny, not against trans people. The tide has turned. The ordinary person in the street, who once might have thought this argument was just the product of the mad rantings of two loony groups, has now seen it for what it is: deeply unfair. This is blatantly apparent in the world of sport. You can see that swimmer Lia Thomas should not be competing against women, that these opportunities are being taken from often disadvantaged women including women-of-colour. And many are realising that actually, we could lose our rights. That this is going against science and, frankly, that it could be your kids who are affected next. Now, people who used to be too afraid to speak out for fear of losing their livelihoods are telling me they are going to go public. What will they do, fire all of the women? When we work together we have power. When we are united we get things done. This is just the beginning. Jo has survived an onslaught of horrendous bullying and targeting, but she has defied them. She brought us together and showed them that they can’t divide or conquer us. Women have strength beyond measure.