Jonathan Arnold from Robin Appel spoke to the Express exclusively about the increase in food prices in the UK. Many Brits are bracing themselves for the cost of living crisis to get worse. Ukraine has been supplying European countries, Russia, and the Middle East with sunflower and grain, due to the impact of the invasion of Ukraine supply lines have become back up. as stock waits to get exported or goes to waste. Mr Arnold warned Brits to expect the price of meat and eggs to rise.   Mr Arnold told the Express: "It's pretty much across the board, and of course what you have to factor in is that you know chicken livestock. "Every type of livestock is fed on a diet, which includes maize or wheat or barley or oats. "Those prices have all increased, the price of food has increased. "So ultimately all meat products, eggs everything will have to increase in price to soak up the increased production costs." JUST IN: 'Going to wreck people's lives' Livid commuter hits out at rail union chief over strike     Some have been impacted so much financially that they are already turning to lock food banks. Charles Hall, of retail analysts Peel Hunt, said: "This will result in a sharp increase in food poverty in the UK. Inflation is likely to top 10 percent. "The 30-year improvement in living standards due to stable and reducing food prices is reversing. "Food inflation increased 5.2 percent in March but will rise sharply as the impact of the war is felt."   READ MORE:Macron delivered hammer blow as poll finds Le Pen 'more in tune with daily issues' With National Insurance increasing to 2.5 percent and energy bills skyrocketing the food banks themselves have started asking for more donations and support.  DON’T MISS: 'Hope you and Putin get together' Trump raises eyebrows as Zelensky clip re-emerges Due to the growing worry and demand for staple farm food in Europe such as meat and eggs, people in the farming industries have been calling for more support from the UK Government. A spokesperson for the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) said: “We have a number of well-funded programmes to boost innovation and productivity across the horticulture sector, and we are working with the industry as we develop future support outside of the EU. “We recognise the level of pressure that our tomato growers are facing, including rising energy and other input costs, and we are closely reviewing the horticulture market situation.”  Due to the ongoing Russian invasion, Ukraine has imposed distribution limits on the amount of sunflower oil exports it allows this year. The reasons given are to protect their own domestic supply.  