Rising tennis star Jannik Sinner has saved more match points before the age of 21 than each member of the 'Big Three' in a statistic that speaks volumes for his mental strength. Sinner was unfortunately forced to retire from his Miami Open quarter-final clash with Argentine Francisco Cerundolo due to blisters on his hands, but the Italian demonstrated his winning mentality en route to the last eight. In his thrilling win over Spaniard Pablo Carreno Busta in the third round of the tournament, Sinner fought back and saved a remarkable five match points. The Italian went on to fight back from 5-2 down in the final set to win 5-7 7-5 7-5. Sinner began his Miami Open campaign with a tight win over Finnish player Emil Ruusuvuori. The 20-year-old won 6-4 3-6 7-6 (10-8), largely thanks to his ability to dig deep and continue battling with another three match points saved. The Italian may not have played his best tennis in either of the two games, but he showed immense mental fortitude to battle back from precarious positions. READ MORE: Ukrainian tennis star 'ignored' by Russians as mum 'teased' by bombs Between the ages of 18 and 20, Sinner has won six matches after saving at least one match point. He has saved a total of 14 across those six matches, including three more earlier this year against Alejandro Davidovich Fokina at the Dubai Tennis Championships. In that age range, Federer won the same number of matches from a position where he faced an opposition match point (six), saving 10 match points - four fewer than the Italian. DON'T MISSMedvedev shoots down Djokovic pressure as he reveals dizzy crampsAlcaraz credits Miami crowd for helping him achieve Djokovic featNadal praised for 'courageous' mentality after making mistake Rafael Nadal - who claimed the 21st Grand Slam of his career to move clear of Federer and Djokovic when he won the Australian Open in January - won three matches from such a position and saved four match points. As for the Serb, Djokovic won two matches but saved eight match points in the process. Sinner was regarded as the best young prospect on the men's tour up until recently, with the incredible Spaniard Carlos Alcaraz, 18, now viewed as the man most likely to make a breakthrough at the very top of the game. Alcaraz reached the semi-finals of the Indian Wells Masters in California last month, and will contest Sunday's Miami Open final against Casper Ruud.