As CBS’ hit multi-generational procedural series approaches its finale many fans were concerned about the future of the show as there had been no news from the network. This was until Tuesday when CBS announced Blue Bloods was officially renewed for a 13th season, which resulted in fans going into a huge meltdown.  The long-running family drama starring Tom Selleck as Frank Reagen will officially be returning to screens for season 13. This was confirmed after the actor, who is also credited as executive producer, finalised his deal which promised his return. The series gained a solid fan base of loyal viewers, who maintained a steady viewership for Blue Bloods after it secured a Friday slot when it first premiered in 2010. This was aside from its four-week tryout on a Wednesday back in its first year. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy Blue Bloods is currently the number four series on American broadcast television, with an average of 9.81M viewers. The series took to its official Instagram page to share the renewal news with its fans, which caused a huge frenzy of excitement in the comment section. Cast members could also be seen celebrating the good news after they also shared their reactions. This included Will Hochman who starred in the series as Joe Hill, who wrote: “Heck, yea!”  Fans celebrated the renewal as they shared their acclamations and anticipation for season 13. @darkeyes_69 commented: “The best news, congrats to everyone on the show.” An excited @realjoyliz added: “IT’S ABOUT TIME! WHOO-HOO!!!” As @lindyclary stated: “Woo hoo! Another season of my favorite TV show.” DON'T MISS...Tipping Point fans 'heartbroken' as major error costs player £20k [REACTION] Blue Bloods season 12 theory: Danny to save Erin from stalker hell [THEORY]Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck delivers huge update on Jesse Stone project [INSIGHT] @ritzbitz1973 celebrated with: “YAHOO!!! Looking forward to yet another fantastic season and countless Reagan family dinners.” While @carrich disclosed: “Yayyyyy. It can never go away.” With this news, fans can expect to see more of the staple family dinners with the patriarch Frank at the head of the table. Viewers will likely see him continue to share his appreciation for his family who followed in his footsteps by choosing careers in law enforcement. While the season 13 storyline has yet to be released, fans can expect to see a huge reunion in the finale, as Will Hochman will reprise his role as the Reagan grandson, Joe Hill. As this will be the third finale in a row where viewers have seen the character, hopefully fans will be able to gain some insight into Joe in season 13. Sadly this wasn't to be the case throughout the current instalment, as executive producer Kevin Wade previously told TV Inside it “wouldn’t be full-time, more than likely, but we’d like to be able to weave him in and out of stories.” A release date has yet to be announced, however express.co.uk will be kept updated. Blue Bloods is available on CBS in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 