The Duke of Sussex founded the Invictus Games in 2014, with the first event taking place in September that year. Since stepping down from senior duties in the Royal Family in January 2020, Harry has taken on a role as Chief Impact Officer for BetterUp, a company that teaches businesses how to care for employee’s mental health. On Tuesday, BetterUp announced it has partnered with the Invictus Games Foundation to “become the official mental fitness coaching tool for international members of the invictus community”. The partnership sees the ‘human transformation company’ offer “1:1 coaching, live group programming, community support and personalised assessments created and designed by PhDs and behavioural scientists that will support, encourage and guide members of the Invictus community”. BetterUp added: “The partnership will provide BetterUp access for the Foundation to support and encourage the recovery journey of wounded, injured, and sick veterans and service personnel from around the world via the online platform We Are Invictus. “The Foundation will provide access to 500 members at no cost to the individual. The two organisations share a commitment and passion to support the veteran community through actionable programs and resources.” Harry then said in a statement: “At its heart, the Invictus Games is about empowering every single person around the world. “It’s a worldwide display of resilience, determination, and community for which each of us can draw inspiration. “I couldn’t think of a better new partner for the Invictus Games Foundation than the mental fitness platform BetterUp. “The mind is like a muscle: it needs to be honed, trained, rehabbed, and coached. “The men and women I served with understand this, the Invictus community knows this, and now the world is beginning to see it too. “I’m honoured to bring the work we do at BetterUp to Invictus and look forward to expanding the support systems that service members and veterans depend on to achieve remarkable feats.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan to 'hitch a ride' with Dutch royal The San Francisco-based BetterUp is valued at $4.7billion (£3.6billion), with Harry's role, which he took on in March 2021, including product strategy, philanthropy, and public advocacy related to mental health. The Duke is also involved in the firm's commitment to 'Pledge 1%’, a movement which encourages companies to donate 1 percent of equity, staff time, product or profit to their communities. Last December, Harry was criticised for advising people to leave their jobs in favour of bolstering their mental health during an interview about his role at BetterUp. He also said at the time that the world was at the “beginning of the mental health awakening” and spoke about “continuing to pioneer the conversation”. It comes as Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex, is confirmed to be joining Harry at the Invictus Games in The Hague for the first few days. A spokesperson for the Sussex royals confirmed the Duchess will be in attendance for the opening period of the Invictus Games. The Invictus Games in Toronto, Canada in 2017 was where Meghan and Harry made their first public appearance. The following day, the pair emerged hand in hand to make their first official public appearance together at the wheelchair tennis. Jason Finlay, 50, who lives in Amesbury, said he found Harry “very relaxing” to talk to on the couple of times they met. Mr Finlay, who is competing in sitting volleyball and athletics, told the Daily Mail: “It was great to meet him, to be honest. “You can see the military ethos that he has through his military service.” He added it would be nice to meet Meghan, adding she would be a good ambassador for Invictus.