  Andrew Woolfolk, who was the saxophonist  for the band Earth, Wind & Fire, has died at the age of 71 following a lengthy health battle. The band’s frontman Philip Bailey confirmed the news, informing fans that Andrew had been struggling with his health for six years.     Philip announced Andrew’s death on his Instagram page late on Monday evening. He shared a picture of them smiling together as he broke the sad news to his 52,400 followers. He told fans: “I met him in High School, and we quickly became friends and bandmates. “Andrew Paul Woolfolk was his name. We lost him today, after being ill of over 6 years. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’      “He has Transitioned on to the forever, from this Land of the dying to the Land of the Living. “Great memories. Great Talent. Funny. “Competitive. Quick witted. And always styling. “Booski…  I’ll see you on the other side, my friend,” he concluded.      Andrew was one of the longest-serving members of the iconic band Earth, Wind & Fire, performing with them between 1973 to 1993. He took a two-year break when the band went on hiatus in 1983 and rejoined them to play for six more years before finally retiring after 20 years on stage. During the band's pause, Andrew played with other high-profile artists such as Phil Collins, Deniece Williams, Twennynine, Stanley Turrentine, Philip Bailey and Level 42. The musician was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame along with his Earth, Wind & Fire bandmates in 2000. READ MORE... Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore [INSIGHT] Jane McDonald receives marriage proposal on same day as co-star [LATEST] Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip [UPDATE]      Tributes have been flooding in from Andrew’s fans and fellow musicians since the sad news of his death. Producer Brandon Williams tweeted: “Rest well, Andrew Woolfolk. Saxophonist for Earth, Wind & Fire’s classic period. “One of my absolute favourites because he made every note count. “You may not know his face or his name, but he was an integral part of THE sound.     “Wow… Thank you for the music, brother.” A fan named Donna penned: “September, Earth Wind & Fire's ode to the last night of summer is an enduring jam for ALL seasons. “Part lies in Andrew Woolfolk’s saxophone - he made September impossible NOT to dance to and I never stopped in 1979. “Play on with Angels,” she added with the hashtag #RIPAndrewWoolfolk. (sic)   