Aston Villa boss Steven Gerrard is reportedly willing to let as many as nine first-team players leave the club this summer in order to allow him to bring in the likes of Liverpool defender Joe Gomez, Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma and playmaker Philippe Coutinho on a permanent basis. Gerrard got off to a fine start in the Villa dugout after being announced as Dean Smith's replacement back in November. Yet his side have struggled of late, winning just three of their last nine games in the Premier League to leave them facing a somewhat anti-climactic end to the campaign. The Liverpool icon will no doubt be looking to stamp his own mark on the team in a few months as he takes charge of his first summer transfer window since making the move to the midlands. And according to the Daily Mirror, Gerrard has identified nine players he would be happy to lose in order to bring in funds for new signings. Starting in defence, Gerrard does not appear to be convinced by either Tyrone Mings or Ezri Konsa, and is believed to be keen to take advantage of his links at Anfield to bring in out-of-favour Gomez to replace one of them. It is the midfield area where Villa may need to prioritise, though, with the Mirror claiming that Douglas Luiz, Anwar El Ghazi, Bertrand Traore and Trezeguet could also face uncertain futures. And while Morgan Sanson and Leon Bailey have shown promise, it is thought that even they could be moved on if the right offer were to come in. Up top, Danny Ings has failed to truly impress since his big-money move from Southampton in the summer, and has managed just five goals in the league all season. It is claimed that Villa are hoping to tempt Brighton to include Bissouma, who has also attracted interest from the likes of Arsenal and Tottenham, in a swap deal for Ings. Perhaps one of the most important bits of business Villa could do, though, would be to tie down Coutinho permanently. The Brazilian has flourished under his former teammate Gerrard since joining on loan from Barcelona in January, managing four goals and three assists in 11 Premier League showings so far. There are worries over his wages, though, with Coutinho on an eye-watering £425,000-a-week at the Nou Camp - miles clear of Villa's top earner, which is thought to be Ings on 120,000-a-week. Gerrard is clearly growing frustrated with the limitations of the squad he has inherited, and admitted some players may not be up to the job following last week's disappointing 2-1 loss to local rivals Wolves. "I've got to fix it and I will fix it," he said at full-time. "The players here have to help me now for the next eight games and if not, we'll get players who will help me fix it. "We can't give gifts. I don't remember another team giving us a gift whereas we are giving away very poor goals."