Jay Aston has detailed her daughter Josie’s battle against meningitis after she was rushed to hospital last month. The 60-year-old singer described the “cruel” way Josie was struck down with the bacterial disease. Meningitis is an infection of the protective membranes that surround the brain and spinal cord. Its symptoms include being sick, a headache and a stiff neck, as well as, sometimes, a rash. Jay’s 18-year-old daughter was taken to intensive care and put in an induced coma last month with the terrifying disease. By the time she had arrived at hospital, her organs had begun to fail. She is still receiving treatments in a specialist kidney unit and has been told by doctors she will be permanently scarred. Jay has spoken out on Josie’s “devastating” battle with the disease, as she described her “good-willed” daughter’s personality. She said: “It’s been absolutely devastating. We were told it was 50/50 whether she would pull through. “We still don’t know when she’ll be coming home.” She continued to the Mirror: “I sat by her bedside night after night willing her to make it. “I couldn’t believe this was her fate, because she’s such a lovely person. “She’s outgoing, kind, good-willed and full of life. It just felt so cruel.” Jay went on: “I’ve been doing a lot of praying. She’s my world – we’re ridiculously close. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [LATEST]Julia Bradbury shares insight to her biggest 'support' [UPDATE]A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman reflects on bad weather [INSIGHT] “I just couldn’t imagine being without her.” Jay rose to fame when her British pop group, Bucks Fizz, won the 1981 Eurovision Song Contest. The band became popular thanks to their entry in the song contest with the hit Making Your Mind Up. It was formed by four vocalists: Bobby G, Cheryl Baker, Mike Nolan and Jay Aston. Other hit songs by the band included The Land of Make Believe (1981) and My Camera Never Lies (1982). Jay left the band in 1985, but later re-joined to tour the UK in 2004. The band has since released three albums, including The F–Z of Pop, which was a top 30 hit in the UK Charts. The band now performs under the name the Fizz.