There have been more than 120,000 fuel theft crimes reported in the past four years, and experts are predicting an exponential rise. Drivers are being warned this could continue as volatility remains for both petrol and diesel prices, with some predicting that costs could increase again later this year. Fuel theft costs motorists more than £100million a year and is currently rising exponentially after record-prices of petrol and diesel. Many vehicle owners continue to fall victim to thieves syphoning fuel from their vehicles as prices at the pumps hit record highs, and a lack of sufficient evidence has left UK police forces powerless during prosecution. Bryn Brooker, Head of Road Safety at Nextbase, issued a further warning to drivers and a way in which this could be prevented. He told Express.co.uk: "With 2022 fast becoming the most expensive year for motorists, we are increasingly concerned about the number of motorists becoming targets for fuel crime. READ MORE: Smartphone app that allows the public to shop speeding drivers “We want to stop this crime wave, and to do so, the police need the evidence to prosecute the individuals involved. “Installing a dash cam will act as a deterrent and the footage is the evidence we need to put a stop to this crime.” Current RAC Fuel Watch data shows that unleaded petrol, super unleaded and diesel prices have all declined from their peak a few weeks ago, and “should fall”. Despite this, prices still remain high with drivers being set back 163.28p per litre for petrol and 177.29p per litre for diesel vehicles. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis gives desperate drivers fuel saving tips [INSIGHT]How much your car tax has gone up [WARNING]Disabled driver hit with 'totally unfair' £70 parking fine [SHOCKING] Oftentimes, police forces are unable to crackdown on fuel crime due to insufficient evidence from victims. Police need evidence, preferably in video form from dash cams, in order to find, prosecute and ultimately stop the current wave of crime which is putting even more pressure on motorists and households as fuel prices reach record levels. Lee Barton, former West Mercia police officer and Safety and Security advisor at Nextbase, warned drivers that this may become more common. He said: “Thieves can drain a car of its fuel within minutes using automatic syphons. “As this type of crime is increasing drivers need to be ever vigilant, ensuring they capture all available video evidence so the police can find and prosecute these criminals. “When I was in the police, we reviewed dash cam footage when similar cases were reported. “Recordings such as these are the gold standard of modern evidence production in criminal cases, leading to prosecutions being made against offenders.” Police forces are also reporting that cars left unattended in quiet and dimly lit areas, or public parking areas with little security measures, are particularly vulnerable to this form of theft. Drivers are always advised to park in safe areas, which are often well lit, not just to protect themselves from having their fuel syphoned, but also to avoid other forms of theft. They can also ensure the fuel cap is facing outwards when parking on the road. This will make it easier for passing vehicles and pedestrians to spot thieves looking to steal fuel. Advice has also been given to electric car drivers, who are urged to use a heavy-duty plastic sleeved chain to pass around the charging cable and through the wheel spokes, and padlocked in place.