The Sky thriller centres around Neve Kelly's (played by Clara Rugaard) mysterious death. Determined to discover who was responsible for killing her, Neve uses her new supernatural abilities to investigate. Her loved ones, including her mother Maria Kelly (Emily Taaffe) and father Tom Rees (Matthew McNulty), have no idea their daughter is trying to reach out to them and are left heartbroken by her death. Both actors recently opened up about how they dealt with emotionally draining scenes throughout the series. The series begins when Neve wakes up in the wilderness and once she arrives back home it becomes clear her family cannot see or hear her. She soon realises she has been murdered and takes it upon herself to find out who is responsible for ending her life. As she tries to work out what happened, she can see her parents are overcome with grief but she has no way of contacting them. Will Neve be able to work out who killed her and why they did it? READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story development  Maria actress Emily recently opened up to Express.co.uk and other publications about how she coped while filming heartbreaking scenes. The Irish native admitted: "It wasn’t a barrel of laughs, those scenes are always quite difficult to do and to tell those sort of stories. "I feel if it goes well and the day goes well it is quite satisfying in a way because you can kind of leave everything on the set and give it your all. "You can walk it off and go home and have a shower then a glass of wine and let it go."  She continued: "Although they are difficult to do you really feel like you have worked hard that day. "In a weird way, they are quite satisfying [days on set]." Much of the thriller is centred around Emily's character's heartbreak over losing her daughter, with the actress adding: "Grief is a theme throughout the series and we talked about how to pitch that in the first couple of episodes. "It’s an interesting thing to craft that throughout the series." DON'T MISS...Billions season 7: Will there be another series? [EXPLAINER]The Staircase Sky release date, cast, trailer, plot: When is it out? [INSIGHT]Big Sky title card: ABC drama pays tribute to David Suapaia [LATEST] Her co-star Matthew, who plays Neve's father Tom, added: "At the end of the day you are making a drama and it is to entertain. "Although you do take elements of real grief you have experienced yourself you are also trying to be impactful with it. "When you are grieving in reality you don’t think about the impact of people who are watching you." Discussing how the drama unfolds, he revealed: "Neve just becomes more and more energised throughout the series with her determination to find out what happened to her."  On Tuesday a ghostly apparition appeared on the banks of Derwentwater, Lake District to mark the launch of The Rising. Daniella Hope, local to Derwentwater said: “I woke up to take a walk by the lake as I do most mornings and was stunned to see a ghostly figure coming out of the water. "I couldn’t believe my eyes at how real it looked, to the point I was speechless for the first few moments. “It’s certainly an interesting way to start the morning and now I’m intrigued to find out about what happened to her.”  Neve goes where the police cannot to investigate her own demise. However, in doing so she soon uncovers deeply buried secrets and is made to re-examine everything about her life as well as her loved ones. The series is based on a Belgian crime thriller titled Hotel Beau Séjour, which ran for two seasons. The Rising is available to watch on Sky Max and NOW. 