Tyson Fury has taken to social media for the first time since he vowed to come away from all of his channels at the start of camp - promising his "loyal fans" a knockout against Dillian Whyte. The Gypsy King has gone beneath the radar since his WBC and Ring Magazine heavyweight world title showdown with the Body Snatcher was confirmed at the beginning of March. Meanwhile, Fury's team have taken care of business on his Instagram and Twitter while he gets into shape for the mouthwatering bout, set to land in front of a sell-out crowd at Wembley. Both Fury and Whyte are contractually obliged to promote the fight on their social media platforms - something the challenger has ignored. His continued silence - which included boycotting the official fight press conference at Wembley - has now created doubts as to whether the fight will even go ahead. Yet Queensbury Promotions and Fury are adamant the show will go on as the Gypsy King addressed his fans with a video message. "Hey guys, Tyson Fury here," he said on Instagram and Twitter. "Just a quick update to let you all know that camp is going really well, less than three weeks out. "Cannot wait to see you all there in the big smoke at Wembley Stadium. "Dillian Whyte is getting knocked the f*** out man. "Cannot wait, see you there, all my loyal fans. God bless you all." BT Sport have now confirmed the pay-per-view price for the show at £24.95. Frank Warren is also continuing to put together the undercard. Fury's stablemate Isaac Lowe will be in action while American heavyweight prospect Jared Anderson was forced to withdraw from his fight with Christian Hammer due to injury. Big Baby was Fury's main sparring partner in camp before he was forced to pull out of the show. Jarrell Miller and Martin Bakole have also been sparring with Fury in Morecambe. Whyte has been training for the fight of his life in Portugal, where he now lives with his two dogs. There are already doubts as to whether he will show up to the press conference on fight week as he looks to keep a low profile in a bid to rile Fury.