Princess Charlene, along with her husband Prince Albert and their children, Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella, attended the Formula E Championship. Although Princess Charlene was seen a few weeks ago when the Royal Family released new portraits to celebrate Easter, the royal spent a long time in South Africa last year due to an illness when rumours about her marriage started circulating. This was Princess Charlene's first engagement since her return to Monaco. For the Formula E World Championship event, Princess Charlene wore a dark grey jumpsuit with an oversized blazer. The royal looked chic in the AKRIS ensemble which she combined with a pair of Christian Louboutin black stilettos. Princess Charlene was also seen carrying a pair of large sunglasses. READ MORE: Meghan Markle puts relationship ‘front & centre’ of Invictus speech The mother of two opted for a natural make-up look with a smokey eye. Princess Charlene's daughter, Princess Gabriella, wore a cute white dress and a navy cardigan while Prince Jacques matched his mum in a grey blazer and trousers and a white T-shirt. Royal fans took to social media to comment on the royal's look. Instagram user @jantinori1 said: "She looks wonderful."  Another user named @vrougreen commented: "It’s nice to see her. I hope she’s doing well. "Their kids are very cute. I love their clothes." Royal watcher @melissakenneylimhp said: "I absolutely love her pixie haircut." Social media user @ceceinthe603 commented: "So elegant!" Instagram user @theduchessofwondersal added: "HRH is back and totally rocking it!" However, other royal fans believed she looked "a bit sad". @annacunha2016 said: "Beautiful with a sad look." Princess Charlene posted new family portraits over Easter taken in the gardens of the Prince's Palace of Monaco which is the main residence of the family. For the beautiful family photographs, Princess Charlene wore a long floral dress. Royal watcher @mademoiselle_andrea said: "Is nice to see her back. Hope she's doing well. "The children look so happy with their mother. I hope she is feeling better." Instagram user @frog06000 added: "HSH Princess Charlene looks so much better. Hopefully she is fully recovered soon."