The allegation has drawn the attention of the Mask movie actor Jim Carrey himself and has gone viral around the world with almost 12,000 retweets and 133,000 likes. Trump supporters have long been known to produce audacious statements against President Biden, with the latest raising some eyebrows as to the lengths some people will turn to.  In an interview with two staunch Trumpites, a reporter starts the conversation by saying: “You think Biden is not alive right now.” To which the woman donning a Trump hat says: “No, the guy that’s doing the stand-up job of trying to wake people up is an actor wearing a mask.” Speaking of the famous incident in which President Biden struggled and stumped up the flight of steps leading to the door of Air Force One, the woman added more to her wild theory. She added: “I mean there are several different people playing Joe Biden at this point. “When he fell up the stairs going on the aeroplane, I myself think that was Jim Carrey. “I’ve heard that he was one of them.”  The shocked reported then replies: “Wait, you think that Jim Carrey was wearing a mask and was the acting President?” To which she said: “And being silly by falling up the stairs three different times.” The woman then went on to mention who else she believes is an actor portraying the Commander in Chief. She ended: “James Woods is also one of the doppelganger, mask-wearing people.”  READ MORE:‘Trump-like’ Putin is ‘world’s most dangerous man’ ex-KGB member warns The video been circulated so widely since being posted, actor Jim Carrey responded to the allegation. Taking to Twitter, the Canadian-born actor famous for films such as Liar Liar and Ace Ventura simply wrote: “Oh dear” followed by a shocked face emoji. Supporters of the former President came under the spotlight when they stormed the Capitol Building following allegations by Mr Trump the elections had been fixed allowing Mr Biden to win. Believing Mr Trump is responsible for the behaviour of his supporters, one social psychologist, Peter Ditto said: “Trump has weaponised motivated reasoning.” He said: “He incited a mob and weaponised natural human tendencies.” Other supporters set fire to 5G towers after reading reports the new technology can lead to COVID-19. DON'T MISS:May's ex-aide lays into 'misleading' Brexit claim from Frost and Boris [REPORT]Durham University slammed over 'anti-white indoctrination' [REVEAL]Boris told hard stance will spark EU retaliation [INSIGHT]  Mr Trump has often blamed mainstream media for his failures. Speaking to supporters before the Capitol riots, Mr Trump said: “The media is the biggest problem we have, as far as I’m concerned.” During the mayhem that followed, some of those supporters smashed media crews’ equipment, tied a camera cord into a noose, and scrawled “murder the media” on a door in the Capitol building. In another example, US comedian Jordan Klepper can be seen speaking with a Trump supporter who suggests the entire Trump family will be President of the United States in the future. Donning a red T-shirt with names and dates on the back, Mr Klepper points out all the Trump presidents only serve one term according to the date. However, the supporter refuses to acknowledge the clear printing mistake and mathematic error on his shirt.  In another case saw a woman speaking with the same comedian and told him: “I will not live under a socialist government.” She continued: “Look up the thee red flags on the Biden campaign poster, there are three red lines… Look it up on Google.” Mr Klepper points out: “I think it’s an E” To which the woman replied: “It’s supposed to be an E, but look at the three red flags, or three red banners, they mean communism.” The woman then claimed she will move to Costa Rica should Mr Biden win, which he did. Donald Trump has, meanwhile, hinted he will contest the next US Presidential election in 2024. 