Mysterious explosions reported in Transnistria, which borders Ukraine and broke away from Moldova following a war in 1992, have raised concerns the Ukraine war is spreading. Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said the Federation was alarmed by the escalation of tensions in Transnistria following "acts of terrorism" as she warned a thorough investigation into all the circumstances of the incident would be carried out.  She also condemned "attempts to involve it" in Ukraine. Explosions targeted the state security HQ in the main city of Tiraspol, old Soviet-era radio masts used to broadcast Russian news, a military unit in Parcani, a village just outside Tiraspol, according to Transnistria authorities. No casualties have been reported, but a red "anti-terrorism" alert is now in force. Separatist authorities blamed Ukrainian "infiltrators", which was rubbished by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky who pinned the blame on Russian special services. President Zelensky said: "The goal is obvious - to destabilise the situation in the region, to threaten Moldova. They show that if Moldova supports Ukraine, there will be certain steps. "But we understand their capabilities, the Armed Forces of Ukraine are ready for this and are not afraid of them."  READ MORE: Putin mouthpiece claims Russia will 'start WW3' with nuclear strike Russia says it has 1,500 troops in Transnistria and officials say Russian-speakers in Moldova are being oppressed, the same justification used for the invasion of Ukraine. It comes after a Russian general said it wants full control over southern Ukraine. Rustam Minnekayev, deputy commander of Russia's central military district, was quoted by Russian state news agencies as saying full control over southern Ukraine would give it access to Transnistria, a breakaway Russian-occupied part of Moldova in the west. That would cut off Ukraine's entire coastline and mean Russian forces pushing hundreds of miles further west, past the major Ukrainian coastal cities of Mykolaiv and Odesa.  DON'T MISSRussia war set to get 'hotter' as US and UK take on WW3 threat [INFO]‘Very dependent’: Eastern Europe in clutches of Russia over gas supply [INSIGHT]Wallace throws gauntlet down with dire warning to Vladimir Putin [WARNING] He said: "Control over the south of Ukraine is another way out to Transnistria, where there are also cases of oppression of the Russian-speaking population." The statement was one of the most detailed about Moscow's ambitions in Ukraine and suggests Russia does not plan to wind down its offensive there anytime soon. Responding, President Zelensky said in a video address late on Friday: "All the nations that, like us, believe in the victory of life over death must fight with us. They must help us, because we are the first in line. And who will come next?" Meanwhile, deputy foreign minister, Andrey Rudenko, said Moscow “was concerned” over the string of recent explosions in Transnistria, saying Russia “would like to avoid a scenario” where the breakaway territory would be dragged into the war. Speaking in Moscow, he said the “situation with the explosions” in the region signalled “certain forces” behind the attacks were interested in creating “another hotbed of tension in Europe”. He said: “An investigation will be carried out accordingly, and we hope that the reasons will be established and those responsible will be punished,” according to RIA Novosti. It comes after the Ukrainian Defense Ministry published a leaked document purportedly showing the self-declared Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic drafting men below age 55 into the military for 90 days. In an escalation of tensions, Moldovan President Maia Sandu warned her country would join sanctions against Russia and provide humanitarian assistance as well as bomb disposal expertise to Ukraine in response to recent events in Transnistria. She said certain unnamed “forces inside Transnistria” were in “favour of war” and interested in destabilising the ongoing situation in the region. While, Moldova's foreign ministry said it had summoned Moscow's ambassador on Friday to express "deep concern" about the general's comments and that Moldova was neutral. Moldova last month applied to join the European Union, charting a pro-Western course hastened by Russia's invasion. Russia claims it is conducting a "special military operation" to demilitarise Ukraine and liberate its population from dangerous nationalists. Ukraine and its Western allies call Russia's February 24 invasion an unjustified war of aggression.