Prince Harry and Meghan Markle visited the Queen at Windsor Castle on Thursday, as they travelled to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, with Harry later saying it “was great to see” his 95-year-old grandmother. The brief visit is thought to be the first time the couple made an appearance in the UK for two years. The Duke of Sussex also reportedly met his father Prince Charles, who was standing in for the monarch during the Maundy Thursday service at St George’s Chapel. Ahead of the Sussexes’ visit, reports of a rift between them and the Royal Family were rife, particularly following Meghan and Harry’s absence from Prince Philip’s Service of Thanksgiving last month. Their trip has been described as the first step toward mending these relationships. However, one royal commentator believes that the “deep rift” remains and could be furthered by Harry’s upcoming memoir. Royal commentator and PR expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: “The idea that Harry is publishing a memoir, I think, has potential problems – serious potential problems. “It’s the wrong year for it – commercial considerations like that which will involve serialisation linked to the Platinum Jubilee – this is a special year in royal history; the focus should be on the Queen.” He added: “There is no doubt that there is a deep rift in the Royal Family and it looks like it will continue. The Duke’s book is set to be released later this year. In a press release in July, Harry said the “intimate and heartfelt” book will be written, “not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become”. According to Penguin Random House, the book’s publishers, the memoir will “share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses and life lessons that have helped shape him”. Harry said upon the confirmation of the book: “I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think.” In an interview with the Telegraph, Tina Brown, author of another upcoming book, ‘The Palace Papers’, said that Harry’s memoir has the potential to turn the Platinum Jubilee into another ‘annus horribilis’. She said: “[Prince] William was disgusted about Meghan’s attack on Kate [Duchess of Cambridge] because she can’t answer back. “But that’s nothing compared to how furious he’s going to be when this book comes out. “Because Harry’s not going to go after the Queen, she’s sacrosanct. And he probably won’t go after Kate, whom he’s very fond of. “But he will go after Charles and Camilla [Duchess of Cornwall] and maybe William.” She added: “And that’s so unhelpful to them all at this particular moment; for William that’s the big cloud in their relationship right now.” Harry and William did not see each other during the Sussexes’ brief visit to the UK. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were skiing in France with their children — Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis — meaning the two brothers missed the opportunity to reconcile. However, Harry and Meghan’s whistle-stop visit has been dubbed an “olive branch”. Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine, told The Sun: "It is a wonderful opportunity to clear the air and offer an olive branch. "After everything that has gone on it must have taken a lot for Harry and Meghan to go to Windsor. "Also Maundy Thursday is a very special day for the Queen as it is about forgiveness. "She is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms." The visit is the couple's first joint trip to the United Kingdom since they left their roles as working royals back in 2020. Harry had been back in the country for the funeral of his grandfather Prince Philip, and the unveiling of a statue for his late mother, Princess Diana. The Duke has been wanting to visit his home country with his wife and their two children, Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana, but he and his family are "unable to return" because it is too dangerous, his legal representative has said.