In the public’s mind, his authoritative stewardship of the Treasury in the Covid crisis had not only saved the economy but had also made him the overwhelming favourite to succeed Boris Johnson. Yet today, he is fighting for his political survival. As his ratings plummet, his assured touch has deserted him. On the economic front, the applause for his fiscal generosity during the pandemic has been replaced by dismay over rampant inflation, soaring energy bills, tax rises and massive debts. Now the attacks on his economic management are compounded by an explosive row over revelations about his own financial affairs and those of his wife Akshata Murty, said to have £700million of shares in Indian hi-tech giant Infosys founded by her billionaire father. Last week, at the very moment the Government’s 1.25 per cent hike in national insurance came into effect, there were media reports that Indian Ms Murty had retained her nondomicile status here, enabling her to avoid paying British tax on her overseas earnings. Though this arrangement is perfectly legal, the news inevitably proved controversial, particularly given that, as the Chancellor’s wife, Ms Murty lives in taxpayer-funded accommodation in Downing Street. The storm might have passed if Sunak had handled the dispute less ineptly. First he argued that his wife had no choice about her tax status because India does not allow dual citizenship. This claim was demolished by tax experts, and then collapsed completely when Ms Murty announced that she would, after all, give up her position as a non-domicile. Then the Chancellor peevishly tried to don the mantle of victimhood. “To smear my wife to get at me is awful,” he wailed, ignoring the political reality that she is the spouse of the nation’s chief tax collector. Worse followed when it emerged that Sunak himself had retained his American Green Card residency permit for six years after he was first elected as an MP, exposing him to accusations of a conflict of interest between his duties in Britain and his commitments to the USA, including the requirement to file regular tax returns to the federal authorities.  As he orders a hunt to discover who leaked his wife’s tax status, he is now under pressure to be fully transparent about all his financial dealings. Some of the more ferocious criticism of Sunak is unfair, especially since he did not inherit his wealth. The son of a GP and a pharmacist, he made his fortune, said to be worth £200million, through his own talent in the financial sector. Nevertheless, he has shown a tin ear for the public mood when the nation is gripped by a cost-of-living crisis. After the efforts to paint the Tories as the party of the working-class, he has reinforced the perception our country is run by an elite which does not think the normal rules apply to them. The very wealthy are able to arrange their tax affairs to their own advantage because the British code is so complex. This partly reflects how Chancellors have used it for social engineering and financial manipulation rather than just bringing in revenues. Riddled with loopholes, it is ripe for exploitation by those with cash and the right accountant.  The Hong Kong tax efficient in the world, runs to 350 pages. Ours has 17,000-plus. But it would be a disaster if a drive to simplify taxation and crack down on privilege resulted in deterring the successful from entering politics. The Commons already has far too many professional apparatchiks who know little of the real world. We need more people who have run businesses or worked in commerce, fewer who have been MPs’ researchers or pressure group advocates. Despite all his recent stumbles, Rishi Sunak is probably the best qualified Chancellor of modern times in view of his phenomenal understanding of finance. It is also telling that the Labour party has given a much sharper economic performance since Rachel Reeves, a successful former banker, became Shadow Chancellor in 2021. Just as Sunak’s golden reputation was overblown, so the extent of his downfall has been exaggerated. He can still recover, but his salvation will lie, not in publicity stunts or petulant complaints or political manoeuvres, but in guiding Britain to greater prosperity. 