The international community is on high alert ever since Russia invaded Ukraine last month. While US and NATO have not sent troops into Ukraine, they have provided Volodymyr Zelensky with weapons and jets to combat Putin’s forces. However, while the West focuses on Russia, an expert has warned that similar conflicts could rise around the globe.  Gordon Chang, an expert on China and North Korea has warned that the two countries may use this opportunity to attack their enemies, which could lead to the start of World War 3. When asked by Express.co.uk whether North Korea could join the war, he said: “North Korea is not about to invade South Korea, but the risk of war across the Eurasian landmass is high. “Now that Russia has diverted our focus, China, North Korea, Iran, and Pakistan, taking advantage of the situation, could move against their victims. “Those victims include Taiwan, Japan, the Philippines, and India in the case of China; South Korea in the case of North Korea, Israel in the case of Iran; and India in the case of Pakistan.  “We could see simultaneous conflicts on both ends of the Eurasian landmass. “Yes, the calendar tells us it is 2022, but it sure feels like 1939.” Due to the development of nuclear weapons, which were used in the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki near the end of World War 2, many argue that a third global conflict would not last long. That is due to the risk of a nuclear apocalypse causing widespread destruction of Earth's civilisation and life as we know it. READ MORE: Kim fires BANNED rocket for first time in five years Another primary concern is that biological and chemical warfare could cause many casualties. It comes as many warn that Russia could be close to using weapons of mass destruction. Meanwhile, South Korea announced that North Korea has tested the intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which is estimated to have flown for more than an hour before falling into the sea south of Japan. Japan's Vice Defense Minister Makoto Oniki stated that the missile could be a "new type of ICBM," because of the altitude is reached. DON'T MISS: Brexit fury! EU takes legal action on UK's 'discriminatory' energy [REVEAL] WW2 mystery solved as vehicle rises from river after severe drought [SPOTLIGHT] Morocco offers UK 'abundant resources' to slash Russian ties [INSIGHT] Mr Chang also slammed US President Joe Biden for his failure to deal with Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. He said: “The Biden White House cannot express its Ukraine position in public without confusion, as we saw with the President’s Putin-must-go comment on Saturday—and its immediate walk-back by administration figures. “Other than a Russian incursion into a NATO country, I don’t think the administration has developed a red-line for fuller intervention into the conflict.” On Saturday, Mr Biden sparked controversy by saying that Putin “cannot remain in power”. READ MORE: China developing terrifying 'doomsday' nuclear missile trains