The Prime Minister's official spokesman said the Government had taken action to "save both lives and livelihoods" throughout the pandemic. The defence of the Covid response came after Mr Rees-Mogg said this morning that some of the restrictions imposed on Britons were "inhuman". He refused to apologise for previously calling a row over rule-breaking in Downing Street as "fluff" and "fundamentally trivial". The Somerset MP added it was "not the most important issue in the world" given the war in Ukraine. "I think those words in the context of what's going on in Ukraine are completely reasonable," Mr Rees-Mogg said on LBC radio. "I don't think the issue of what may or may not have happened in Downing Street and what we are now finding out is fundamental. READ MORE: Boris urged to use Brexit to slash food prices  "What I think is fundamental is that we look in the inquiry at how the rules were devised and the effect that they had, because I think some of those rules were inhuman." Mr Rees-Mogg said people were "understandably cross" that rules were broken in Downing Street during the pandemic but that there were more important issues to focus on in the current climate. Distancing Mr Johnson from the minister's comments, the Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "I think at all times the Government took action to save both lives and livelihoods and that was always a balanced judgment that sought to be informed by the latest evidence we had. "We have established an inquiry to take a proper view and learn lessons about what happened and there will be more to say then. "But certainly at all times the Government sought to act in the best interests of the United Kingdom." There was outrage among Tory MPs and voters earlier this year at suggestions staff in Downing Street had repeatedly broken lockdown rules. DON'T MISS:Rishi Sunak's leadership bid in crisis as Tory support COLLAPSES [INSIGHT]POLL: Should Boris Johnson resign if fined by Met Police? [VOTE]Johnson 'not out of the woods yet' as partygate [UPDATE]  A number of Mr Johnson's own backbenchers demanded he resigned over suggestions he was present at illegal gatherings. The Met Police is currently investigating allegations linked to 12 alleged events, with more than 20 fixed-term penalty notice fines issued to date. Investigations are ongoing, with the police force releasing fines in batches as and when they find evidence of wrongdoing. Downing Street has pledged to publicly declare if Mr Johnson receives a fine from the Met.  This morning Welsh Secretary Simon Hart said the Prime Minister should not resign even if he is found to have broken the rules. "I have 65,000 constituents in west Wales, where I represent, and they are not shy in coming forward and expressing a view about this and a number of other subjects," he told Sky News. "And throughout all of this saga of the Downing Street parties they have said one thing very clearly, and in a vast majority they say they want contrition and they want an apology, but they don't want a resignation." Mr Hart added "the world has moved on a considerable distance" due to the Ukraine conflict.