Channel 5 documentary, Billy Connolly: In His Own Words, took a look back at the career of one of Britain's most famous comedians. Whilst starting out as a welder, Billy soon found his love for comedy and became a hit with audiences across the nation. However, his successful lifestyle and taste of the high life soon became troublesome as he turned towards alcohol for fun, ending in addiction and threatening his relationship with long term partner Pamela. As his comedy career took off, Billy's drinking years were full of adventures, antics and severe hangovers. He enjoyed the lifestyle available to those at the top of show business, and he described this part of his life during an interview with Michael Parkinson. He explained: "I used to be good at drinking, I have had my moments, let me tell you, and I was really good at it, and I was a real p**s artist and a good laugh. "There was nothing I loved more than getting stiff with the drinkies, and I was all for that, and if you are doing that, then good luck to you, but when the fun goes away, it is awful, and the fun went away for me." READ MORE: Former The Apprentice star lewis ellis talks leaving the show 'Weirdes As the mid-80s hit, it soon became apparent that if Billy's lifestyle didn't change, it would kill him, and a crunch point was reached for Pamela - enough was enough. During the 2013 interview, Billy detailed: "I remember it was a Sunday afternoon and I had been drinking on an aeroplane and she came home and I was a bit p****d. "I was lying down, and she come in, and she went 'Oh god, not again I really can't take this, this is serious stuff now, this is alcoholism.'" The time had come for Billy to quit drinking, and Pamela was an active encouragement for Billy, where he soon began his journey to sobriety and a healthier lifestyle. He told Parkinson: "I wasn't good at it anymore, I stopped eating meat first, and suddenly I got p****d very quickly, I got drunk really quick. "I used to do eight pints, and then it was six pints and then after a while one glass of wine to lunch, and I stopped for three months and then I started again. "I thought 'Well, I am better now,' and I have never been one of them alcoholics who shakes and needs and drink in the morning, so I thought 'Well, I am ok so far because when you're an alcoholic, you shake and you need a drink in the morning, I don't let's go for it.' "I had a wee bevvy, and it slowly came back again, and that only took about a fortnight and then I stopped for six months, started again, and the last time was about 2-3 years ago. DON'T MISS...Billy Connolly helped Hollyoaks star to recognise Parkinson's  [INSIGHT]Barbara Dickson pays respect to close pal Sir Billy Connolly [LATEST]Sir Billy Connolly opens up on fears of global warming  [WATCH] "I was in Cyprus, and I was in a fight that I don't even remember, and I think fights are made to be enjoyed," he joked. Billy and Pamela started their own family together during the 80s, with three daughters, all being born before the end of the decade. During another interview, Billy touched on his life as a father and said: "I think I am ok, I am getting better, I think I was lousy, and I think I was a drunk absentee. "I know I am getting better, unfortunately, when Jamie and Cara came along, I was hell-bent on the career and the hippie thing and the drinking and being absent and being a nutcase. "I don't think I am settling down, but a lot of things have fallen into place which have allowed me in my immaturity to become a better father, and I think I am getting better at it," he admitted. Last September, Billy announced he had had surgery for prostate cancer and was being treated for early symptoms of Parkinson's, a degenerative brain disorder. Speaking on an ITV documentary Billy Connolly: My Absolute Pleasure, he said: "Parkinson's Disease has taken a lot from me. I can't play the banjo anymore. It's just noise. "I can't yodel anymore. I can't smoke cigars. It's taken more and more of what I like. It's kind of painful. "But you have to have a Glasgow attitude and say: 'Oh, you think you've got me beat? Try this for size.' I just deal with it. If I fall, I fall." Billy Connolly: In His Own Words is available to watch on My5.