Selling Sunset has taken the top spot on Netflix after it returned for a dramatic fifth outing. Some newcomers were introduced this year, with fans catching a glimpse of Brett's partner Tina. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened to the couple. The fifth season of Selling Sunset saw Brett and Tina on holiday with Chrishell Stause and her partner at the time, Jason Oppenheim. The gang were enjoying some much-needed time away from the drama at the Oppenheim Group office. Jason and Chrishell were yet to speak to their colleagues about their new relationship. Their holiday with Brett and Tina gave them a chance to prepare for the many questions to come. Sadly Brett and Tina are no longer together, having dated for a total of eight months. READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' Speaking to TMZ, Tina explained: “Well, you know, we were together for eight months, so it got to a point where I wanted to take the next step in the relationship, and he wasn't quite there yet.” She also explained how seeing Jason and Chrishell break up made her question her relationship with Brett. Even though they are no longer together, Tina and Brett remain close friends. Brett paid tribute to Tina on Instagram, saying: "Tina is the most genuine, loving, beautiful woman I could ever have dreamed of. "With the most breathtaking smile, I will always love her and be her friend." He captioned the photo montage: "I am grateful for you Tina. "For your love, your laugh, your smile, and for our enduring friendship." Jason and Brett both decided they were not quite ready to leave their working lives to settle down and start a family. Their successful real estate careers keep them extremely busy, and their net worths reflect their hard work. DON'T MISS... 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry [INTERVIEW] Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy [THEORY] Christine Quinn launches savage dig at Selling Sunset bosses [VIDEO] Tina is also on Instagram but she has not shared anything else about her relationship with Brett. The vegan co-owner of a few different businesses is happy living the single life. It seems they have not met anyone new just yet, with their social media profiles yet to reveal new romances. Season five also showed the journey Chrishell and Jason went on regarding their personal relationship. They were very much in love but while Chrishell was keen to have children, Jason was uncertain. Although he liked the idea of being a dad, he was not ready to make such a huge commitment. He knew this would mean his relationship with Chrishell could not continue as they were on different pages. A special reunion episode is due to air on May 5, hosted by Queer Eye's Tan France. Unfortunately, Christine Quinn and Amanza Smith will not appear alongside their co-stars as they both tested positive for COVID-19.  Selling Sunset seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now.