Black mould appearing on walls around the walls in a property or on the ceiling can be a nightmare - with the potential for it to spread, damage belongings and even cause a hazard to health. Fans of Mrs Hinch have shared their advice for removing mould from walls. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer. She has more than 4.4 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Now, Mrs Hinch fans have created social media groups in the cleaning influencer’s name dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and tricks. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks Facebook page one woman asked for advice on how to best deal with black mould on walls. Olive Randall wrote: “Any tips for removing black mould from my walls inside the house?” Black mould is a common household problem caused by the build-up of moisture through poor ventilation and high levels of humidity in the air. READ MORE: How to clean a shower cubicle - five things you should always do Widely recognised by its characteristic dark colouring, black mould can lead to further problems if left untreated including damage to paint/wallpaper decor and, in extreme cases due to the spores produced, potential health issues over time. Fortunately, Mrs Hinch fans have taken to the comments to share “easy” ways to remove black mould. The most common solution was to use Astonish Mould & Mildew Blaster in the areas of black mould. Heather Wilton said: “I used Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster on my son’s house yesterday and it worked.” DON'T MISS: Is it cheaper to use an electric heater or your gas radiators? [INSIGHT]Weeding tips: How to ‘eliminate’ driveway weeds ‘permanently’ for free [TIPS]Garden pests: How to avoid a rat infestation in your garden [EXPERT] Trudy Burton Gamble commented: “Astonish Mould and Mildew Apple Blaster is the best stuff I've used.” Louise Jones advised: “Astonish Mould and Mildew is so easy to use, simple spray and leave overnight. It works like magic.” Sarah Hayes wrote: “Astonish Mould and Mildew Blaster is excellent, I always have a bottle in the cupboard.” Heather Coyle added: “Astonish Mould & Mildew Blaster is amazing, it works really quick and keeps the mould at bay longer than anything else I’ve used.” Astonish Mould & Mildew Blaster aims to remove mould and mildew stains in minutes without the need for scrubbing. It's used by spraying it on the surfaces you want to remove mould from, whether that be walls, grout or sealants. Then leave it on for a few minutes, before rinsing or wiping clean. The mould-blasting product can be picked up from Wilko for only £1. While some Mrs Hinch fans suggested using bleach to remove mould the majority advised against this. Jamie-Leigh Jones explained: “Please don’t use bleach like several people have suggested. It actually encourages it to grow more! “White vinegar, or actual mould sprays are the best thing to go for.” Swankie Glenna replied: “I second that! I stopped using bleach 15 years ago for cleaning, other than the toilets once a week.” Taj Thomas added: “I third that! Bleach will allow mould to grow back.”