It's been nearly five months since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked as Manchester United manager with still no decision made on his successor, which has already cost them dearly in the transfer market. Ralf Rangnick came in as Solskjaer's replacement on an interim basis until the end of the season and made no new signings in the January window. And the lack of a long-term manager in place has seemingly already cost United dearly in the transfer market heading into the summer window. Express Sport takes a look at four players United have been linked with but will no longer be able to sign. Sven Botman AC Milan appear to have won the race for Sven Botman's signing ahead of the summer transfer window. Reports in Italy claim an agreement is already in place for the defender to join Milan at the end of the season. United had earmarked Botman as a target in January last year and were said to be keeping tabs on his progress. But they'll be forced to look elsewhere now on defensive targets with Botman moving to Milan. JUST IN: Berbatov names Man Utd problem that could kill Champions League hopes  Signing at least one strong midfielder this summer will be a top priority for United and Franck Kessie was arguably the best available in the market. The 25-year-old is out of contract with AC Milan in the summer, meaning United could have snapped him up for free. But Barcelona have beaten United to his signature with the Ivory Coast international agreeing a four-year contract last month. United's eventual manager will now have a limited list of targets to go by with Kessie having been linked to Old Trafford previously. United looked set to sign Kieran Trippier last summer, but they were reluctant to meet his £34m release clause. Atletico Madrid dropped those demands in January, but United failed to return to the table with Newcastle swooping the England international for just £12m. DON'T MISS  Aaron Wan-Bissaka has struggled to impress under Rangnick with Diogo Dalot being given a more prominent role. But Trippier would have arguably been an upgrade on both players given his experience at the top level. Tipped as one of the brightest talents in world football, Ryan Gravenberch was seen as one of the top targets for United. The 19-year-old indicated on a number of occasions this season that he was looking to take the next step in his career, giving United an opportunity to enter negotiations. But Bayern Munich have reportedly swooped in with an agreement already in place to sign Gravenberch this summer. Given the fact Erik ten Hag has played a huge role in Gravenberch's development and the Ajax boss is regarded as the favourite to take over at United, it looks like another misstep from the Red Devils in not getting their manager in place sooner.