Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti congratulated Villarreal on their Bayern Munich heroics after a dramatic evening of Champions League quarter-finals. Los Blancos survived a scare as Chelsea threatened to stage a sensational comeback at the Bernabeu but sealed their place in the semi-finals through Karim Benzema’s extra-time winner.  Meanwhile, Villarreal pulled off one of the best results in their history by knocking out one of the pre-tournament favourites in Bayern Munich. After a narrow first leg victory at home, Samuel Chukwueze scored a late equaliser at the Allianz Arena to stun Bayern and reach the last four for the first time in 16 years. Victories for Villarreal and Real Madrid mean at least two La Liga teams will play in the semi-finals of Europe’s elite competition. Atletico Madrid have the chance to become the third Spanish side in the last four if they overturn their 1-0 first leg deficit against Manchester City on Wednesday night. Real held on to secure a 5-4 aggregate win over Thomas Tuchel’s impressive Blues in a memorable tie. But Italian boss Ancelotti also reserved praise for Villarreal’s achievement in knocking out another of Europe’s elite sides in such circumstances. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz  "Nobody can say we aren't going to win this Champions League,” Ancelotti said. “We showed we fight to the last. I'd like to congratulate Villarreal too. I don't think many people expected Spanish football would have two in the semi-finals, and we might have a third." Ancelotti cut a relieved figure at full-time as Real sealed their last four place. But Chelsea boss Tuchel took exception with referee Szymon Marciniak sharing a joke with the 62-year-old after the thrilling game ended.  "I think this is the very, very wrong time to do this after a final whistle and 126 minutes where one team gave all their hearts and fought until the last drop. You go and see the referee smiling and laughing with the other coach. I think it is very, very bad timing. I told him this, and that’s it.” Tuchel’s reaction came after Chelsea were on course to complete an incredible comeback after leading 3-0 through goals from Mason Mount, Antonio Rudiger and Timo Werner. But Luka Modric’s magical assist for Rodrygo levelled the tie and star-man Benzema scored the decisive header in extra-time to end a valiant Champions League defence from the Blues. 