Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has summed up how he feels after signing a new contract with the Reds in five perfect words; "delighted, humbled, blessed, privileged and excited." Klopp has penned a two-year extension to his deal to keep him at Anfield until 2026. The former Borussia Dortmund manager was appointed as Liverpool boss in 2015 and is now set to stay at the club beyond a decade. He ended the Reds' wait for a top-flight title in 2020, a year after winning their sixth European Cup. Klopp's side have already landed the Carabao Cup this season and are in a great position to win an unprecedented quadruple. Klopp has outlined his love for Liverpool in an interview with the club after signing his extension. Reacting to the news, the German told Liverpool's official website: "There are so many words I could use to describe how I am feeling about this news… delighted, humbled, blessed, privileged and excited would be a start. There is just so much to love about this place. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag transfer blow as new Man Utd boss warned Kalvin Phillips 'won't join'  "I knew that before I came here, I got to know it even better after I arrived and now I know it more than ever before. Like any healthy relationship, it always has to be a two-way street; you have to be right for each other. "The feeling we were absolutely right for each other is what brought me here in the first place and it’s why I’ve extended previously. This one is different because of the length of time we have been together. "I had to ask myself the question: Is it right for Liverpool that I stay longer? Along with my two assistant managers, Pep Lijnders and Pete Krawietz, we came to the conclusion it was a ‘Yes!’" Mike Gordon, part of the Fenway Sports Group, also shared what was said in private conversations with Klopp. Gordon said how Klopp's public views on his future had always been the same in personal chats. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'ruining their youngsters' with only Scott McTominay able to keep head above water [QUOTES]Erik ten Hag 'picks two defender signings for Man Utd' with Harry Maguire in trouble [RUMOUR]Man Utd may be about to sign their own 'Xavi and Andres Iniesta' for Erik ten Hag [COMMENT]  He said: “It’s always hard to find the right words to adequately reflect Jürgen’s importance and contribution to our club, but today’s announcement really does speak for itself. But speaking on behalf of my partners John [Henry] and Tom [Werner], as well as myself, Jürgen is the perfect figurehead for the modern Liverpool FC. This is especially true of what he stands for, on and off the pitch. "It also applies to the leader he is and the man he is. Because of our extraordinary playing squad, outstanding coaches, world-class football operations team and brilliant club staff, we are blessed with the most valuable resource an organisation could wish for: amazing people. “Everything Jurgen has said publicly about his future previously was reflected by his words privately to us. It was about him having the inclination and desire to keep going. In this respect, it is clear he is more energised than ever." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 