Holby City aired its final episode on March 29, where it saw the death of long-term surgeon Jac Naylor (played by Rosie Marcel) who suffered a stroke following an operation. As fans voiced their disappointment about the show coming to an end, the cast members have also aired their heartbreak, as they claimed "betrayal" by the BBC after being assured the show would be set to run for many years. It has been reported that bosses sent the cast and crew an email suggesting that they could now enjoy "a well-deserved break". Despite getting the same viewing figures as EastEnders, which aired on the same evening, some of the actors believed that the show was not promoted enough by the BBC. A TV insider said: "It was the way in which it came to a close which seems to have angered people. Many feel betrayed. “At no point were they warned Holby would be pulled, otherwise, they would have considered other job offers. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? “They thought they had security and career development. The feeling was that the show, a favourite for 23 years, just fizzled out with little consideration for the people put out of work. “Many actors involved in the potential legal action feel they gave up secure work to move to a show which looked like it could run for another 23 years," the source added to The Sun. Viewers were told that Holby City would be coming to an end 10 months ago as part of a new scheme under new Director General Tim Davie. His plan for BBC dramas looks set to be filmed outside and around the South of England, where many dramas are prevalent. According to the same publication, the email which was sent to staff did not go down well, with the source adding: "Some people have been working most of their adult lives on the show. "[They] are now jobless and worried about feeding their families, they are hardly relishing a ‘break’ from work.” Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for a comment. BBC Studios previously issued a statement, which said: “We are proud of Holby City, the passion and commitment of the cast and crew right up to the final days of filming was incredible. DON'T MISS...Casualty address future of BBC show as Holby City ends [INSIGHT]Holby City pays tribute to cast in final scenes after Jac killed off [LATEST]Rosie Marcel pens sweet tribute to Holby City co-stars before finale [WATCH] "As anyone who watched Tuesday’s farewell will confirm." Despite Holby City coming off the air, its sister show Casualty shared a heartfelt goodbye message and promised to "keep the flag flying". Taking to their official BBC Instagram account, they said: "It breaks out hearts that our beloved sister show, Holby City, had ended tonight. "For twenty years, we have loved our hospital with our friends in Elstree. "Like many of the British public, we have laughed, cried and been thoroughly entertained by the great characters of Keller, Darwin and beyond. "We will miss you, Holby City, and we pay tribute to our many great colleagues who have poured their hearts into the success of your show. "We are proud to keep the Holby City flag flying and promise to keep telling heart-wrenching, urgent and entertaining stories for the sake of both shows." Casualty will continue to air on the BBC. Holby City is available to catch up with on BBC iPlayer, and Casualty airs Saturday at 8:35pm on BBC One.