The Duke of York yesterday reflected on his service in the Falklands War, 40 years after it commenced. He described how he returned from the war as a “changed man”. But he was soon forced to remove the post because it elevated his rank. Prince Andrew’s message was uploaded on his ex-wife’s Instagram account in three separate posts. At the bottom of the third post read: “Written by HRH The Duke of York.” In January, it was announced the Duke would lose the use of the “His Royal Highness” title, along with his military titles, amid the fallout from the sexual assault case brought against him by Virginia Giuffre. Buckingham Palace said at the time Prince Andrew would continue to defend himself “as a private citizen”. The case has since ended following a legal settlement worth millions of pounds. But Prince Andrew continues not to use “HRH”. The Instagram post was changed to remove “HRH”, according to MailOnline. Within two hours, it was removed altogether. READ MORE: Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice 'received Turkish fraudster money' The post was most likely uploaded by a member of staff. Prince Andrew flew missions as a Sea King helicopter pilot during the Falklands War. In the first of three Instagram posts, Fergie wrote: “I asked Andrew this morning for his reflections on the anniversary of his sailing from Portsmouth to the Falkland Islands 40 years ago.” DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] Prince Andrew responded, with part of the message saying: “My reflection makes me thing even harder and pray even more fervently for those in conflict today, for those families torn apart by the horrors they have witnessed. “And, I’m afraid to say, that the historical perspective my short war has taught me is this – war is failure to keep peace; war is failure of human judgement; war is failure to recognise we need to seek permission to understand another person’s perspective or reality, whether or not we agree or disagree with that perspective or really.” Prince Andrew supported the Queen at Prince Philip’s memorial service on Tuesday. There was some uproar over his appearance, despite his legal case having been settled. Royal expert Dickie Arbiter told GB News that after this, “I doubt we will see him [at a public event] again”. It raises questions over whether he will attend celebrations for the Queen’s Jubilee year in June.