The video posted on social media showed a Singaporean musician playing the guitar in the middle of the aisle. The performer was quickly joined by other singers on board the easyJet flight while passengers looked shocked as they watched the unusual performance. The video, which was seen by thousands of people, had a caption reading: "We are taking this flight over for Jesus!" The surprise concert left passengers shocked, and many viewers took to social media to comment on their reaction. Social media user @dawgsma said: "I wouldn’t enjoy being trapped listening to any religious songs. "It seems a bit tone deafness to assume people would be ok with that." READ MORE: Travel warning: Britons could spend 'weeks' without luggage Another user, @paddlepete, commented: "This is awful for so many reasons. "Someone should have smashed that guitar. Leave people alone." @adeviantnipple agreed: "Do you feel good about holding people hostage? "Did Jesus say to force feed His word against people's will? Disgraceful."  Viewer @zeenahc said: "So incredibly rude!" Another social media user, @oceanclub, commented: "I'd demand my fare back." "Love this but the bald dude is not having it," said @meghansuebentley. User @KaiAndReggie agreed: "Homey in blue plaid gonna punch the spirit out of the guitarist." Another TikTok user commented: "Blue shirt guy is two seconds away from jumping out of the plane." Viewer @oksennusfetissimies said: "I hope you land on a no-fly list." The musician replied to negative comments by saying they were helping on a Christian mission to Ukraine with humanitarian aid. Singer Jack Jensz stated they performed with the permission of the cabin crew. He said: "Our team had been in Ukraine since the second day of the war. "On this flight we had our team and went up to the air hosts and asked them if we could share a song with the passengers. "I wanted to do a response video to show exactly what happened on the plane. "People were crying and visibly moved," he added.