Some risk factors people have a greater degree of control over than others, such as whether or not they develop COVID-19. While it is possible to take actions to reduce potential exposure to the virus, rates in the UK are now so high as to make zero exposure almost impossible. The reason why COVID-19 is relevant is because a new study has found those who contract Covid pneumonia have a greater risk of developing dementia than those with other forms of pneumonia. Pneumonia is an infection that inflames the sacs in one or both lungs. READ MORE: B12 deficiency symptoms: Three signs in your feet that signal 'damage' It is common for those with severe Covid to develop the condition. The research, conducted by the University of Missouri, adds to a growing body of evidence demonstrating the impact of COVID-19 on the brain. On average, patients with Covid pneumonia had a three percent increased risk of developing dementia after recovery compared to just over two-and-a-half percent for those with non-Covid pneumonia. The impact of Covid on dementia likelihood was greatest among people over the age of 70 who faced a six percent rise in their risk of the condition.  For people aged between 37 and 70, there was no increased risk of developing dementia. Meanwhile, people under the age of 35 faced a point two percent increased risk of dementia as a result of developing Covid pneumonia. This isn’t the first time COVID-19 has been associated with subsequent poor mental health. A study published in the British Medical Journal in February found the risk of experiencing poor mental health after Covid increased. The research, written by Dr Ziyad Al-Aly, concluded: “The findings suggest that people who survive the acute phase of COVID-19 are at increased risk of an array of incident mental health disorders. “Tackling mental health disorders among survivors of COVID-19 should be a priority." Results people were more likely to suffer from a number of mental health conditions including:• Anxiety• Depression• Stress and adjustment disorders• Opioid and substance use disorders• Cognitive decline• Sleep disorders. As well as mental health disorders, COVID-19 has also been associated with cardiovascular conditions. A recent study in the British Medical Journal found Covid increased an individual’s risk of heart failure, heart disease, and stroke. Such is the extent to which COVID-19 impacts long-term health scientists are now calling for health systems such as the NHS to be bolstered in preparation for a wave of patients with mental health and cardiovascular conditions. Although for many the war against Covid may feel over, for many in the medicinal profession it is only just beginning.