As the cost of motoring increases dramatically from week to week, one woman has spoken about how pleased she is that she ditched her car three years ago and now relies on her bike and using public transport. Rachel Smith-Lyte, a Green Party councillor for Melton in Suffolk, made the move after her car needed some repairs in 2018. She said: “It needed a lot of welding, and I decided the cost to get it fixed wasn’t worth it, so I let it go for scrap and thought I won’t bother getting a new one.” And despite living in a fairly rural part of the country she doesn’t think it’s worth running a car. She explained: “I am fortunate that I can borrow a car on occasion if I need to move something or absolutely cannot get anywhere without one, but I’ve found that I don’t generally need one.” READ MORE: Driver who queued for 17 minutes to pay for parking gets fined £270 Aside from getting more exercise, the health benefits were a large part of why she decided not to own a car anymore. According to one study, poor air quality kills on average between 28,000 and 36,000 people every year in the UK and is linked to a number of health problems including strokes and lung cancer. The councillor said: “It’s nice to feel fairly guilt-free that I’m not polluting the planet and poisoning people. “I just think having a car has become a pain in the neck for a lot of people because of the high volumes of traffic now.” DON'T MISSGB News guest claims electric car 'broke after a few months' [WARNING]'Is this fair?' Motorists call on classic cars and EVs to pay car tax [COMMENT]Driver handed £100 parking fine at Bristol Airport for two minute stop [SHOCKING] She added: “It wasn’t like that when I passed my test all those years ago. “Car ownership seems to be more a hindrance rather than a help increasingly with such high running costs, congestion and parking problems. She also encouraged others to use trains instead of cars, saying: “Public transportation obviously isn’t as good as it is in London and the trains could and should be cheaper, but I've found it’s a bit of a myth it’s not reliable plus I've never had any problems getting a bike space on the new roomier trains. I’d say go for it.” The councillor also said that ride sharing apps were a viable alternative. She said: “There are websites out there where people can car share and offer each other lifts. “They’ve not been as popular recently because of Covid, but they are out there and should be more active here in Suffolk. “There's also Zipcar which I've yet to try but I'm assured is reliable and easy to use. “Also, a friend of mine in Ipswich has about four friends who all share her car because she doesn’t see the point of it sat on her drive seven days a week. She lives centrally and cycles almost everywhere, and she said people may as well use it. "She’s happy for them to borrow it in return for petrol and occasional contributions towards maintenance costs – it’s like an informal car club.” According to the RAC, the cost of car tax and insurance has risen 81 percent in the last ten years. In the past five years the price of petrol has risen from £1.20 per litre to £1.60 per litre. Road tax, or VED recently went up for all cars except for electric vehicles. And many petrol and diesel cars are being hit with emissions fees for entering cities in the UK.