Prince Harry, 37, flew to the UK to visit the Queen on his way to the Invictus Games in The Hague with Meghan Markle. But the Duke of Sussex's visit has sparked concerns he might "tone down" his royal tell-all, Military historian Christopher Joll has claimed. Harry and Meghan are alleged to have been invited by the Queen to join the Royal Family on the Buckingham Palace balcony at her Platinum Jubilee, The Daily Telegraphy reported. Speaking to LBC, Mr Joll said: "He has promised a kiss and tell memoir which Penguin Random House paid him a multimillion-pound advance for. "Well if he's reconciled with the Royal Family to the point that he's able to appear on the balcony with them, surely he will have toned down the contents of his memoirs. "If he tones down the contents of his memoirs, Random House won't be very happy about that. "You can't be a commercial celebrity and a royal at the same time." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry not welcome in UK: 'Public will not forgive!' The trip to the UK comes after Harry was absent from the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service in London last month. Harry is bringing a claim against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the same degree of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. The duke wants to bring his children to visit, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, his legal representative has said. A spokesperson for Harry confirmed earlier in March that he would miss the service for his grandfather, but that he hoped to visit the Queen soon. On Thursday night, a spokesperson for the couple confirmed they visited the Queen ahead of their appearance at the Invictus Games which open this weekend. Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty Magazine, described it as "a very welcome if long overdue move" on the part of Harry and Meghan. Last week, Dai Davies, a former head of royal protection at Scotland Yard, told the PA news agency that the idea Harry is unable to come to the UK due to safety concerns is "sheer unadulterated nonsense", adding the duke is "not an expert in security". Speaking about the likely security arrangements in The Hague, Mr Davies said: "The truth is I have no doubt that he will be protected, whether he takes his own team or whether the Dutch authorities give him some kind of VIP status. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan will be 'told by Netflix' to avoid Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan had 'perfect opportunity' to visit Queen [VIDEO]Beckham's accused of 'choosing Harry and Meghan' over Kate and William [ANALYSIS] "The truth is, if there's a risk both countries - ours and the Netherlands - have sophisticated systems of determining risk. "This country has determined he is no longer at risk. That may or may not be true, but people far better qualified than I am now can make that decision and they never make it lightly." He said the Ministry of Defence is involved in looking after royals in the Netherlands, and while there is a royal protection squad he said it is not as big or as experienced as the UK's squad. Meghan's attendance at the Invictus Games, which will be for the first few days, was confirmed by a spokesperson for the couple.