After playing through a hand injury at The Masters, Bryson DeChambeau’s chances of competing at the PGA Championship are now in serious doubt. Heading into the action at Augusta last week, the 28-year-old said he was operating at just 80% and battled through the pain barrier, but was far from his best as he missed the cut after finishing 12 over par. The 2020 US Open champion chose not to heed medical advice, returned earlier than expected from his injury and not only did he struggle over the weekend, he must now undergo hand surgery. This means he will face a race to recover in time for the sport’s second major of the year, which is held from May 19-22. "Bryson will undergo surgery on his hamate bone in his left hand," his agent, Brett Falkoff, told Sports Illustrated. "We look forward to a smooth recovery and rehab process. Bryson looks forward to returning as soon as he is cleared to do so." The American was unable to play for six weeks with hand and hip problems before competing at the WGC-Dell Technologies Match Play last month. He sustained his hand injury late last year before exacerbating the problem in a fall while playing table tennis in Saudi Arabia in February. JUST IN: Rory McIlroy 'mistake' explained by Nick Faldo despite stunning Masters finish DeChambeau said he was recovering from a hairline fracture of the hamate bone in his left hand and a minor labrum tear in his left hip. "One of the things I didn't do is take care of my hands and my hip like I should have, and I went pretty hard," he shared in his pre-Masters press conference. "[I'm] proud of the fact that I've been able to get here in a short amount of time. Normally a bone fracture takes four months to properly fully heal; I'm back here in two. So, pleased with that. The golf star recalled the chat he had regarding his appearance at the Masters and opted to play due to the significance of the event. "The doctors recommended that I don't come back for a while," DeChambeau added. "And even (coach) Chris (Como) has told me 'you probably shouldn't play', even though he wants me to play obviously. But it was a huge risk a couple of weeks ago. DON'T MISSTiger Woods' Masters prize money winnings revealed after iconic Augusta comebackTiger Woods' Masters comeback causes family disbelief - 'It shouldn't be happening'Bryson DeChambeau fired big-hitting jibe by two-time major champion  "It was probably not one that my doctors recommended, but I'm like, 'man, this only comes around once a year and I've got to give this a go.'" Injuries mean DeChambeau has been limited to five worldwide starts in 2022 and he will hope to make it a sixth at the PGA Championship, which is being hosted at Southern Hills Country Club. World No 1 Scottie Scheffler is the man to beat after his dominant Masters triumph.