Gentleman Jack has been away from the small screen since 2019 thanks to the coronavirus pandemic causing delays in shooting. Nevertheless, the Suranne Jones-led series is returning on BBC One for 10 new episodes which will air weekly. This time around, Anne Lister (played by Suranne Jones) has opened up her home to Ann Walker (Sophie Rundle) in the hope they can live together as a couple. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Gentleman Jack. While most of Gentleman Jack season one explored Anne Lister's new relationship with Ms Walker, this wasn't the only thing on her mind. Based on the real-life figure, she was a businesswoman who was always on the go, whether it be dealing with her tenants or creating coal pits, she wasn't one to sit back and do nothing. This is clearly portrayed in Gentleman Jack as Anne is mostly seen walking with purpose throughout Halifax, working towards her latest goal. With so many active scenes in the period drama, actress Jones couldn't help but take advantage of the situation.  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson's secret exposed in Meena twist During the premiere of Gentleman Jack at the BFI, Jones was asked if she wore a step counter on set which she went on to confirm. Speaking to press, including Express.co.uk, Jones said: "Yes I did and I would often say to Stella [Merz], who's our producer, 'Let's go for a walk and talk.' "So I'd come off set and go and walk past your [Rundle] trailer lots - Sophie didn't do much step counting." Rundle joked: "And I'd be like 'Come and have a cup of tea!'" Jones continued: "It was a lot [of steps] and sometimes if I had the coat on as well, I would pop this on underneath. "Don't tell any of the costume department!" Gentleman Jack is a HBO and BBC series, so has won over fans both in the UK and the States. More locally, the drama proved popular with those in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, with an average audience of nearly 600,000 viewers each week when series one was airing. DON'T MISS...Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos? [CAST]Gentleman Jack season 2 release date, cast, trailer, plot [RELEASE DATE]Gentleman Jack season 2 release: All we know about the new season [EXPLAINER] It's no surprise it didn't take too long before Gentleman Jack was renewed for a second season. The series are based on Anne Lister's real diaries who noted everything from her business dealings to her love life with Anne Walker down. The Secret Diaries Of Miss Anne Lister are available to purchase or a selection of her accounts can also be seen on display at the Central Library and Archives in Halifax. Much like season one, the second outing will delve into what was then considered an unusual lifestyle. Gentleman Jack season two will consist of a total of eight episodes. The premiere instalment is called Faith Is All and will see Lister and Walker get to grips with their new life together as well as public opinion. The synopsis simply reads: "Anne Lister's revelation that her new wife Ann Walker is moving in with her in Shibden shocks Ann's relatives." Gentleman Jack season 2 premieres on Sunday, April 10, at 9pm on BBC One.