Graeme Souness and Roy Keane agree Liverpool were "very lucky" not to have Naby Keita sent off against Manchester United. Keita was late to a tackle on Jesse Lingard and appeared to tread on the England international during Tuesday's match. Referee Martin Atkinson gave the Guinea star a yellow card, with VAR deeming it not worthy of a red. But both Souness and Keane believe the wrong decision was made. Liverpool legend Souness said on Sky Sports: "It’s a red card all day. I think Keita’s got very lucky and Liverpool have got very lucky there. "It wouldn’t have affected the score but this is a sending off. He gets away with that one." READ MORE: Man Utd have four striker options after Haaland 'agrees terms' with Man City  When reviewing the incident again later on, Souness added: "It is a definite red card. I am surprised VAR did not overturn it because it is a shocker from Keita." Liverpool have a bumper fixture list coming up as they attempt to win an unprecedented quadruple. And Keane said they are lucky to still have Keita for the next three domestic matches. The former United captain commented: "It wouldn’t have affected the score but it would have been a suspension. That’s the frustration. That’s a red card." He continued: "Yeah I agree, it is a red card all day long, but I think even if Keita had been sent off, it would not have changed the outcome of the game. It would have only affected Liverpool going forward with the suspension." DON'T MISSTottenham boss Antonio Conte has another Romero in sights after 'personal request' [GOSSIP]Arsenal boss Arteta's radical XI to beat Chelsea with Martinelli up front and Holding in [TEAM NEWS]Erik ten Hag given cold reality check as Graeme Souness sends 'good luck' message [QUOTES]  Keita only came on in the 80th minute to replace Thiago Alcantara, who ran the show at Anfield. Two goals from Mohamed Salah and one apiece for Luis Diaz and Sadio Mane sealed a comprehensive win for Jurgen Klopp's side. Liverpool now sit two points clear of Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table before City host Brighton on Wednesday evening. Graham Potter's side head into the match off the back of wins away to Arsenal and Tottenham. City failing to win would leave the title in Liverpool's hands but Reds boss Klopp insists he will not watch the match at the Etihad. He said: "It’s really not likely - City we might play again, I don’t know, but Brighton I am pretty sure we don’t play anymore, so it’s not likely. "Hopefully, I have something to do which makes more sense." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 