Darren McGrady, who cooked for the late princess at Kensington Palace for four years, said Diana and the Hollywood legend met on the set of 'Mission: Impossible'. The former royal family chef, who cooked at Buckingham Palace for 11 years, tweeted: "I remember Princess Diana taking the boys to the set of Mission Impossible and to meet Tom Cruise. "Wills and Harry loved the pyrotechnics. But Princess Diana… 'That’s another one off the list Darren. He’s too short!'" In a previous retelling of the story, Mr McGrady said: "She [Diana] came into the kitchen one morning and said, 'Darren, we've had an invite to go and watch the making of Mission Impossible at Pinewood Studios in London, for me to take William and Harry.' "Of course they were young then and they'd probably love the pyrotechnics and everything. 'Do you think they'd be interested?'"  The chef recalls: "I remember saying, 'I'm not sure about the boys your Royal Highness, but if you get to meet Tom Cruise…' She said: 'Darren I'll crack the funnies'." Mr McGrady remembers her visiting the kitchen later that day after attending the screening. He said: "She came in, picked up some fruit, walked out and didn't say anything. But as she was walking out, she said, 'That's another one off the list. He's too short'." The A-list actor's exact height is hard to pinpoint, but it is thought he stands at around five foot seven inches.  READ MORE: Queen in lovely tribute to Duke with wedding bouquet at service However, according to Judy Wade’s 2007 biography 'Diana: The Intimate Portrait', the Princess of Wales had a crush on Mr Cruise. After meeting the actor at the premiere for his and his wife at the time Nicole Kidman’s 1992 film 'Far And Away', Diana allegedly told Ms Wade that Mr Cruise was “extremely fanciable”. Mr McGrady's revelatory tweet about her comments on Mr Cruise's height come after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were recently treated to a preview of the new Top Gun film. Mr Cruise reportedly greeted William and Kate at the private screening in the IMAX cinema off London's Leicester Square. Princess Eugenie, Princess Beatrice and Sophie, the Countess of Wessex, are also said to have been in attendance.  DON'T MISS:Queen warned Prince Andrew's Epsom presence could be a PR threat [INSIGHT]Kate and Prince William caught in 'discreet' public show of affection [COMMENT]Prince Charles and William 'protect' themselves from Andrew fallout [ANALYSIS] The US superstar is believed to have invited the royal guests after learning Prince William is a fan of the original Top Gun film. A source told The Sun: "Tom welcomed them and said he hoped they'd enjoy watching it as much as he'd enjoyed making it, and left them to it." The Hollywood superstar is no stranger to the Royal Family and previously met Prince Philip in 2017 during a dinner at Buckingham Palace to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of The Outward Bound Trust. He also attended Princess Diana's funeral in 1997 alongside Nicole Kidman while the two were still married. 