The Russian ruble weakened sharply earlier this week after the country's central bank relaxed measures designed to keep the currency afloat. It announced late on April 8 that it would scrap a 12 percent commission for buying foreign currency through brokerages from April 11. The bank also said it will lift a temporary ban on selling foreign exchange cash to individuals from April 18. The ruble fell to 82.09 against the US dollar at the market opening on the Moscow Exchange on April 11, from 71 rubles on April 8, which was its strongest level since November 11. Recent weeks have been mixed for the Russian currency. The ruble rebounded earlier this month, sparking concern that Western sanctions on Russia may not be working. However, analysts have said it's not a reflection of the strength of the economy, but rather the strict controls the Kremlin has put on the financial system and tough rules on exporters. Anders Åslund, an economist and former adviser to the Russian government, tweeted in February that, as a result of Russia's invasion into Ukraine, "Vladimir Putin has destroyed the ruble." Economist Daniela Gabor also tweeted earlier this week: "Guys, with capital controls, I can fix the currency at about any rate I want to", indicating that the ruble's rebound is not sustainable. The Institute of International Finance expects Russia's gross domestic product — the most common measure of the size of an economy — to shrink 15 percent this year, wiping out 15 years of growth. Capital Economics, a consultancy, expects Russian GDP to contract 12 percent and unemployment to almost double from 4.1 percent to eight percent. Goldman Sachs thinks sanctions and "self-sanctioning" by western companies will cause Russian imports to tumble 20 percent this year and exports to fall 10 percent. Meanwhile, it appears that ordinary Russians are feeling the pinch as a result of sanctions. The Telegraph has reported that consumers in the country have slashed their spending by a tenth, adding that this could indicate a deep recession is on its way. Spending dropped by 9.7 percent at the start of April compared to the same time last year as purchases by households plunged at their fastest rate since late 2020, live data from Sberbank analysed by Capital Economics indicates. READ MORE: Putin branded ‘utterly delusional’ for warning Finland and Sweden On Sunday, the World Bank said Russia’s economy would contract by more than a tenth this year, while Ukraine’s would almost halve. It said the Ukrainian economy would decline by 45.1 percent, while Russia’s would be 11.2 percent smaller at the end of the year. The situation in Ukraine is also threatening to have a big impact on economies in Europe as leaders are pressured to ditch Russian gas. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has said his country is doing all it can to wean itself off Russian energy, but declined to endorse a claim by Prime Minister Boris Johnson that it would stop importing Russian gas by the middle of 2024. Germany gets around 55 percent of its gas from Russia, the largest by volume of any EU country, and by extension, the biggest share of any large European economy. Some in Berlin are nervous about the loss of Russian gas – one source close to the German government told the Guardian this week: “What use to anybody is a weakened Germany?” DON'T MISS 'Paranoid' Putin facing ‘potential coup’ after axing 150 spie [INSIGHT] ‘It’s been a pleasure!’ Plucky British fighter captured by Russians [ANALYSIS] Putin given ‘another bloody nose’ [INSIGHT] Germany's relationship with Russia has been under the microscope since long before the invasion into Ukraine, and former Chancellor Angela Merkel's legacy may be looked at differently as a result of the Ukraine invasion, according to some experts. Ms Merkel was known for trying to use economic ties as a way to reach out to Putin. This included the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline, which started being built in 2018 during Merkel’s chancellorship, but is seen as a controversial project, which was meant to bring additional gas from Russia to Germany via the Baltic Sea, circumnavigating countries like Ukraine and Poland. Ms Merkel kept her backing for the gas pipeline in place despite concerns elsewhere in Europe. However, Mr Scholz put the brakes on this new pipeline earlier this year in response to Russian aggression towards Ukraine.