Since officially joining the Firm in 2011, the Duchess of Cambridge has taken on a prominent role within the Royal Family. She has continuously won over the public, both in the UK and internationally, with the way she approaches her role and has built a wonderful relationship with other members of the family, especially the Queen, who reportedly holds Kate in high value. Media commentator Neil Sean spoke of the "close bond" between the Duchess and the Queen on a recent video on his Youtube channel Neil Sean's Daily News Headlines. Mr Sean said: "Catherine has been a very close confidant to Her Majesty, the Queen. "We are told she is very close to Her Majesty and they have a very close bond"." He added: "Catherine checks in with her every single day". Kate is not only a huge support for the Queen but also "wants to support her husband [Prince William] through everything", said Mr Sean. He continued: "There has been an ongoing battle between him and his younger brother Prince Harry and everything that makes it throughout them including, of course, the Oprah Winfrey interview". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle looks to trademark word - almost 500 years too late Kate married the Queen's grandson, Prince William in April 2011 and the pair have since welcomed three children. When William becomes King, Kate will become the Queen Consort. Royal expert Duncan Larcombe has previously spoken about Kate's “fantastic relationship” with the Queen. He said: “Kate strikes that balance between bowing to her as head of the royal family in public but being able to check in with her as the great-grandmother to her children.” Mr Larcombe claimed Kate has "her own direct line to speak to the Queen”. It was also revealed that it was the Duchess who taught Her Majesty to use Zoom to stay connected to her grandchildren during the Covid pandemic. READ MORE: Charles 'should step aside' and let William be king according to 42% of Britons Another source claimed Kate always had a “special bond” with Her Majesty but their relationship became even stronger when the Cambridge Family moved to close proximity to her. The insider added: “They developed a deeper friendship after she and [Prince] William moved from Anmer Hall, Norfolk, to Kensington Palace, which is within walking distance of Buckingham Palace.” Previously, Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James about the relationship between the Queen and the Duchess. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] Ms James stated: "On a human note the two women display signals of friendship tinged with, from Kate, a sense of respectful understanding." When they have attended royal engagements together, the two are often be found picking each other out for "moments of shared fun", which suggests that the pair have a close bond and "really do get on with one another". The expert added: "Their bouts of eye contact are unusually prolonged, signalling a warmth and keenness to communicate." She suggested that the Queen, however, is undoubtedly the leader within their relationship.