Lewis Hamilton is the “greatest champion of all time”, according to former F1 driver turned race steward Derek Warwick. The former Lotus star compared the seven-time champion to F1 greats such as Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost. Speaking to Express Sport, he said: “He is a great champion. I don’t think you're going to get many arguments that would say he’s not the greatest champion of all time. And I’m putting him up against Senna and Prost, Fangio and Stirling Moss and Jackie Stewart, all those guys.” Criticism has previously come in for Hamilton that his success was only down to having the fastest car. Mercedes picked up eight successive constructors' crowns between 2014 and 2021, becoming one of the most dominant forces in F1 history. However, Hamilton’s seven world title wins were defended by Warwick who said most world champions also benefit from having a good car. Michael Schumahcer picked up five consecutive title wins behind the wheel of the dominant Ferrari in the early noughties. READ MORE: George Russell says how Lewis Hamilton feels about trailing team-mate Senna’s victories at McLaren also came during a period of success for the British marque. Warwick explained: “He’s won his races very clean and very dominant. Yes the Mercedes has been dominant, but you need a dominant car. “I don’t know many world champions that was actually the world champion in a bad car so I think the same goes for everybody.” However, Hamilton’s bid for an eighth title has stalled with Mercedes having struggled to find performance. The Silver Arrows have suffered from porpoising issues across all three race weekends and are only the third-fastest car on the grid. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton major blow as car issues may be ‘difficult' to fix [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton backed to 'step up another level' in warning to Ferrari [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton tipped to 'challenge for wins' in a matter of weeks  [COMMENT] Russell is the leading Mercedes but still lies over 30 points behind championship leader Charles Leclerc. Hamilton is a further nine points behind Russell and more than 40 behind Leclerc. But, Warwick insists Hamilton will not write himself out of title contention at this stage of the season. He said: “It seems the concept of the Mercedes exaggerates the porpoising but the one thing you have to say with Toto Wolff, Ron Meadows and people like that, they will turn the corner. That car will be competitive, it will be winning and Lewis will be winning in it, as will George Russell.” He added: “He's fighting, he knows the odd point here and there, if the car becomes competitive, he knows he will still challenge for the world championship.”