Arsenal target Gabriel Jesus is reportedly considering turning his back on the Premier League to sign for a European club. The Manchester City forward has one more year remaining on his contract at the Etihad Stadium but could leave the club this summer if he refuses to pen a new deal. The Citizens shelled out £27million to sign Jesus from Brazilian side Palmeiras at the start of 2017 and he was an instant hit as he struck seven goals and four assists in his first 10 Premier League games. He was tipped to become a superstar in England following his sensational start to life in the north west. But, while he’s racked-up 89 goals in 229 matches for City, he has failed to hold down a regular first team place at times. And, according to 90min, the 23-year-old is now interested in trying his luck on the continent, with Barcelona, Juventus and Atletico Madrid all registering an interest. Talks between City and Jesus are ongoing, and the club are still hoping to tie him down to a new deal. But if he doesn’t agree terms, the Premier League champions will look to move him on this summer to avoid losing him for free. READ MORE: Alexandre Lacazette wants to leave Arsenal due to 'problems' with Mikel Arteta    Jesus has played as a striker for the majority of his City career, but has been utilised as a winger for large spells of this season. He had previously been tipped to take on the mantle from legendary striker Sergio Aguero, who left the club at the end of last season. But he now looks more comfortable in a supporting role. The Brazil international, who has won 54 caps for his country, has started just one of City’s last 11 top flight matches, with the likes of Jack Grealish, Raheem Sterling and Riyad Mahrez often being preferred. DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Harry Maguire to be 'benched' by Ralf Rangnick for crunch Arsenal clashJamie Carragher advises two Man Utd targets to 'run a mile' despite Ten Hag appointmentErik ten Hag shown first Man Utd task as Rangnick echoes Mourinho issue four years on     But he was named in Pep Guardiola’s starting team when the Citizens hosted Liverpool in a crucial Premier League clash earlier this month and went on to find the back of the net. And that could be a sign that he is still held in high regard in Manchester. Earlier this week, it was revealed that Jesus was in advanced talks with Arsenal, however, over a move to the Emirates Stadium. The Gunners are chasing a marquee striker this summer as they look set to lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah when their contracts expire. And Jesus could fit the bill as he worked with Mikel Arteta at City when the Spaniard was Guardiola’s assistant and is said to be highly thought of by transfer chief Edu. But if Jesus has his heart set on a move abroad it could put an end to his spell in England once and for all.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here