James Martin, who fronts his self-titled show Saturday Morning, has previously admitted he has no desire to tie the knot with his long term girlfriend Louise Davies. The chef has been in a relationship with his partner since 2011 and the couple do not have any children. The 49-year-old revealed in a recent interview that he is happy with how his life is and has no desire to splash the cash on a wedding. The ITV favourite, who tends to keep details of his love life private, gave a rare insight into his future plans. The on-screen star explained that while others may be happy to go all out for the big day, he admittedly is "not interested" in getting married. He added that he has catered at a lot of wedding events and understands all that goes into the big event. READ MORE: Strictly's Shirley Ballas 'wobble' after post 'hit a nerve' Asked if he would ever walk down the aisle, James said: “No, it doesn’t interest me in the slightest, mainly because I’ve catered for so many weddings, really. “I admire people who do it, that’s fine, but I’m quite happy." He added to the Sunday People in 2019: “I don’t need to spend 60 grand on a day, no, I’m more than happy thanks.” James met Louise when he participated in Celebrity Who Wants to Be a Millionaire in 2010.  The couple tends to keep a low profile, with James rarely speaking about his girlfriend in public or sharing photos of her on social media. The ITV presenter has previously opened up about his career and admitted he has sacrificed having a family for his success. While the TV chef said he does not plan to start a family many of his friends are married with children. “The sacrifices you make are huge. All my mates are married and have children. DON'T MISS... Martin Roberts in hospital with 'hours to live' after chest pains[LATEST]Nick Knowles ‘rages’ at backlash over new partner 'Wealthier than me!'[ADMISSION]Luke Evans in hospital dash days after holiday with Phillip Schofield[HOSPITAL] “It was quite funny – my friends came over to my house last week, and we were walking through my garages when one of them said, ‘So this is what you could have had if you didn’t have kids’.” Discussing whether he would want a family set-up, the chef said: “No. I’ve not got that and that’s fine. It’s a lifestyle choice. “The sacrifices you make doing your job are colossal, but the rewards are huge. “And I don’t mean financial, it’s in [your head and heart]. That’s what matters.” James previously presented Saturday Kitchen from 2006 until 2016, before leaving the BBC. Over the years, James Martin has cited several reasons for his relatively sudden departure. In part, his decision was down to the amount of time he had committed to the show. In his resignation statement, James said that he was looking forward to getting "lots of lie-ins on a Saturday morning", as well as pursuing other projects. James Martin's Saturday Morning airs today on ITV at 9.25am.