Muddy paw prints, common spillages and dust can really take their toll on carpets. Pale carpets and those with a thicker pile can show the dirt more than darker carpets. Knowing how to clean a carpet properly is essential to keep your home looking fabulous. From daily dirt to awkward grass, coffee, or wine stains, carpeted floors sure do take a hammering and are therefore a little more high maintenance. Punam Chada, carpet buyer at Carpetright explained that the key to keeping carpets looking great is through regular cleaning. He said: “Cleaning your carpet regularly will help to keep it in a good condition, saving you money in the long run, as well as preventing any smells, and build-ups of allergens or bacteria. “Regularly cleaning your carpet helps to keep it in good condition and prolong it’s life. “A home simply cannot look clean if the carpets in it are not actually clean and regularly vacuuming your carpet will remove dirt and dust. “You’ll continue to appreciate the look and feel of your carpet and will be happy to show off your home.” READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ hack to remove washing machine For successful home carpet cleaning, it's important to consider what the carpet is made from synthetic materials, wool, or plant-based fibres, to ensure that the right products and techniques are chosen to get the job done properly. Cleaning carpets is a great way to limit dust and other allergens, it can even reduce hay fever symptoms when in season. According to Ian Allcock, supply chain sustainability manager, SCS, he explained that carpets in certain rooms are “dirtier” than in others. He said: “Bedroom carpets can be 10 times dirtier than a toilet seat, so it’s really important to clean them regularly. “At least once a week, give your carpets a good vacuum, and use natural cleaning sprays for a quick refresh. “For stains, pre-treat them with a stain-removal solution as soon as possible and let it dry thoroughly before using a carpet cleaner.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [TIPS]Cats: How to deter cats from your garden for ‘free’ [INSIGHT]Laundry: How to ‘correctly’ load washing machines for ‘better results’ [EXPERT] Then in terms of a deep clean, homeowners should wash their carpets every three to four months using a domestic carpet shampoo machine. Those who have kids and pets rolling around a lot it may be a good idea to wash their carpet more often than every three months. When using a vacuum cleaner, it's crucial that you choose the right pile height setting for each specific carpet type. If yours is synthetic or made from plant-based fibres, you can move in different directions and keep the beater brush on to lift more grit off. If the carpet is wool-based or a high-pile, avoid the beater brush and move with more care in the direction of the fibres where possible. To deep clean a carpet Britons will need a decent carpet cleaning product. They will also want a machine to clean with as these are designed to give a deep clean without soaking or damaging the carpet. For those who prefer cleaning their carpets by hand they can opt to use either baking soda or white vinegar. To clean carpets by hand with baking soda, apply liberally over the carpet and then spritz with a fine layer of water, then leave it for a few hours. Vacuum once dried. Cleaning with baking soda is a great natural deodoriser and is ideal to freshen up a smelly carpet even if you don't want a deep clean. Simply sprinkle it on for at least 15 minutes (but preferably an hour) before vacuuming, and that lived-in smell will disappear. Cleaning with white vinegar is a great natural way to sanitise a carpet and to lift lingering stains and odours too. Always do a patch test first to check a carpet can take it. Then, make up a solution of one part white vinegar to three parts water. Use a plant mister to spray it onto the carpet and leave for a few minutes so it can do its work. Blot with a clean microfibre cloth following the essential rule that you should never, ever scrub at a stain and vacuum thoroughly.