World number two Daniil Medvedev has announced he will be out of action for ‘one to two months’ after opting to have surgery on a small hernia. The news has plunged the Russian’s chances of playing during the clay-court season into doubt. Medvedev, who won the US Open last summer to claim his maiden Grand Slam title, took to social media to announce the news just days after he crashed out of the Miami Open. The 26-year-old was just one win away from reclaiming the world No 1 ranking from rival and friend Novak Djokovic. “Hi everyone. The last months I have been playing with a small hernia,” Medvedev revealed on Twitter. “Together with my team I have decided to have a small procedure done to fix the problem. “I will likely be out for the next 1 - 2 months and will work hard to be back on court soon. Thanks for all the support.” READ MORE: Alcaraz second only to Nadal in 2022 as he bids for Miami final It’s unclear how long Medvedev has had the issue for. It appears his defeat at the Miami Open triggered him to make the decision to have surgery, even if he misses the French Open. The news comes as a bitter blow to Medvedev’s hopes of returning to the top of the world rankings. He entered Thursday’s clash knowing a win over Hubert Hurkacz would have seen him regain world No.1 status, but the Russian lost 7-6 (9-7) 6-3 to reigning champion Hurkacz, who has himself since exited the tournament at the hands of teenage sensation Carlos Alcaraz. DON'T MISSAlcaraz credits Miami crowd for helping him achieve Djokovic featNadal praised for 'courageous' mentality after making mistakeMedvedev praised 'strong' Osaka before tearful return to big final Medvedev struggled throughout as he dealt with dizziness and fatigue during the match, and was disappointed to not perform at his very best during the Masters 1000 event. The announcement regarding surgery means Medvedev could lose further ground on Djokovic in the race for world No. 1, with Djokovic set to return to action in Monte Carlo this month. Medevedv’s loss means Djokovic remains atop the world rankings, securing his 364th week as the best in the world - which adds up to seven years in total. It is a stunning record that will be difficult to beat, considering he is 54 weeks clear of rival and fellow great Roger Federer.