George Russell was able to pip Lewis Hamilton to the finish line at the Australian Grand Prix, but Martin Brundle feels the young Brit "got lucky" in the race. Mercedes are still lacking the pace to challenge at the front of the grid with Charles Leclerc dominating from start to finish on Sunday. But Red Bull's reliability issues once again played into the hands of Mercedes in Australia after Max Verstappen was forced to retire for the second time in three races. That in turn saw Russell bumped up to third with Hamilton running just behind his team-mate. Hamilton had been running ahead of the 24-year-old for the first half of the race until a Safety Car period on lap 23 saw Russell benefit under his scheduled pit-stop. With cars forced to slow down, Russell was able to come out in front of his team-mate on track and would remain there for the remainder of the race. While Brundle praised Russell's ability to keep up with Hamilton throughout the opening three races, the Sky Sports pundit thinks the former picked up a podium in fortuitous circumstances. JUST IN: Mercedes' Toto Wolff gives reasons he's 'optimistic' after Australia  "George Russell got lucky with the safety car but you need to be competitive before and after that to benefit and he certainly was," Brundle wrote in his Sky Sports column. "He doesn't appear to be struggling to keep with Lewis in qualifying or race trim and that's impressive against the great man. "George is second in the drivers' championship due to classy fault free driving and reliability. Now he needs the car performance to take a decent step forward in a hurry. "Lewis was disappointed in fourth struggling with an overheating engine but the team must have been pleased that they used their tyres better than Red Bull in the first half of the race. The whole Mercedes team are definitely applying 'damage limitation' extremely very well." DON'T MISS  Russell has been consistent in his performances in his first year at Mercedes, which has seen him take a nine-point lead over Hamilton. And he's also played his part in Mercedes sitting second in the Constructors' Championship with Red Bull struggling with reliability issues. But Russell feels Mercedes still have plenty of work to do in order to challenge at the front of the grid. "It is just crazy to think [I am second in the championship]. Someone told me and I didn't believe them," he said. "We were probably the fifth-fastest team behind McLaren and Alpine yet here we are in third place. "It is a championship based on results not pace. But we know if we want to keep that position we need to find more performance in the car."