Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak are among at least 50 individuals issued with fixed penalty notices by the Metropolitan Police for breaching COVID-19 regulations following parties held in Downing Street and Whitehall. In a statement, Downing Street said: "The Prime Minister and Chancellor of the Exchequer have today received notification that the Metropolitan police intend to issue them with fixed penalty notices. We have no further details, but we will update you again when we do." Following the news, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer called for both Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak to resign. He tweeted: "Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. “They must both resign. The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern. Britain deserves better." READ MORE: Boris Johnson FINED for lockdown parties - Will the Prime Minister resign? Shadow foreign secretary David Lammy shared this view tweeting: “Criminality and lies at the heart of Government. Led by the Prime Minister and the Chancellor. “Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak must resign now for breaking the laws they enforced on us all.” Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon also joined calls tweeting: "Boris Johnson must resign. He broke the law and repeatedly lied to parliament about it. "The basic values of integrity and decency – essential to the proper working of any parliamentary democracy – demand that he go. And he should take his out of touch Chancellor with him." Mr Johnson’s wife Carrie Johnson has confirmed she is also to be fined. A spokesperson for Mrs Johnson said: "In the interests of transparency, Mrs Johnson can confirm she has been notified that she will receive a Fixed Penalty Notice. “She has not yet received any further details about the nature of the FPN." The Metropolitan Police are investigating 12 events but no details were provided about which event or events Mr Johnson, Mrs Johnson and Mr Sunak attended. So what do YOU think? Should Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak resign after breaking their own lockdown rules and the law? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.