Remarks made by Prince Harry during an interview at the Invictus Games show the former royal stating he wants the Queen to be "protected" and surrounded by "the right people". His cryptic statement has sparked debate on Wednesday and Jeremy Vine guests had a lot to say on the matter, with Carole predicting the Duke of Cambridge and the Prince of Wales would be "furious" at the insinuation they aren't "looking after" the monarch. Debating the comments on Jeremy Vine, Kevin Macguire stated: "He wants to make sure she's 'protected'." He added: "Protected from who? Presumably from Prince Andrew." Carole chimed: "I suspect William and Charles will be furious at that!" "I'm sure they will," Kevin agreed, as Carole went on: "Because they're the very people who have been protecting the Queen and looking after her." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge She added: "You know she's going through quite a long bout of ill health at the moment, they're the ones who have been protecting her, not him." Harry made the statement just a day after speculation he and Meghan might join the Royal Family on the balcony to celebrate the Queen's Jubilee later this year. Talking to TODAY host Hoda Kotb about his recent trip to visit his grandmother, Harry explained: "It was just so nice to see her [the Queen] you know, she's on great form, she's always got a great sense of humour. "And I'm making sure she's protected and got the right people around her." He added: "Home for me now is for the time being is in the States and it feels that way as well. "We've been welcomed with open arms and we have such a great community up in Santa Barbara." The comments have left many baffled as they try to work out what Harry meant by his grandmother's need for "protection". A lot of debate followed after the segment of the interview was published on Tuesday night. DON'T MISS... Britain's Got Talent defend 'Jim Crow' act after backlash [LATEST]Phillip Schofield slams Prince Harry's 'protection' remark [VIDEO]Garraway erupts at Scully defending Johnson as he mentions Derek [INTERVIEW] The Queen will celebrate her 96th birthday on Thursday and has recently been in ill health. For the past year, the monarch has had to pull out of several events due to mobility issues. The most recent absence was from an Easter Sunday church service last week. Harry founded the Invictus Games and has remained involved with them ever since. The games involve hundreds of injured or unwell veterans from across 20 nations who compete in adapted sports. Harry's visit to the UK is his third since he and Meghan moved to the US. It comes just over a year since Harry and Meghan Markle's tell-all Oprah Winfrey interview in which they made explosive claims about the Royal Family. Jeremy Vine airs weekdays at 9.15am on Channel 5.