Tennis star Casper Ruud has joked about calling Manchester United's Cristiano Ronaldo over the Portuguese international's famed ‘CR7’ nickname. Of course Rudd and Ronaldo share initials, and with the tennis star moving into the world No 7 spot, he hilariously warned the footballer his nickname could be ‘at risk’. Ronaldo is recognised as one of the greatest stars to ever play football, and throughout his glittering career has earned the iconic nickname ‘CR7’. This of course is made up of the Manchester United man’s initials and his famed shirt number. Rudd however joked he could well take the nickname off Ronaldo, with the Norwegian moving to seventh in the world on Monday. Speaking at last week’s Miami Open he said: “You know it’s always good to get a new career ranking, so it will be seven tomorrow. “I might have to call Ronaldo because CR7 is at risk now. I don’t know if we have to do some negotiations to see who can actually have this number.” Rudd’s move up the rankings comes after an impressive run in Miami that saw him reach the final of the event. JUST IN: Boris Becker faces SEVEN YEARS in jail as he's found guilty in bankruptcy case The 23-year-old unfortunately fell at the final hurdle, after losing to rising Spanish star Carlos Alcaraz 7-5, 6-4. To put his final defeat behind him, Ruud has revealed he has switched his focus to the world of golf this week after revealing he ‘couldn’t wait’ for this week’s Masters tournament. Ruud - who is a keen golfer himself - spoke about his excitement for this week’s tournament at Augusta. He told the ATP: “I have always watched The Masters in golf, and obviously it's coming up next week and I can't wait for it to watch on TV again.” DON'T MISSDjokovic 'works closely with scientists on his shoes' for advantageDjokovic warned that Carlos Alcaraz's emergence is 'perfect' for NadalSerena Williams says she 'felt like she was dying' during labour The Norwegian star will no doubt have plenty more time to watch the action, after pulling out of this week’s clay event in Houston. He went on: “I enjoy watching both sports [tennis and golf], and I try to watch a lot of golf, especially here in the States. You have your own Golf Channel, so it's easy to watch the tournaments. It's building up to be, I think hopefully a good Masters next week." So much for his love for the sport, Ruud has a dedicated Instagram for his golfing adventures and also revealed he has enjoyed a round with tennis stalwart Rafafel Nadal. He commented: “He's a very, very tough competitor. Honestly, a bit tough to play with, because he doesn't say much because he's so focused. Usually on the golf course you are laughing a little bit and joking around. With him, it's no joke.”