Prince Harry's favourability rating dropped 35 percentage points according to a comparison between an Ipsos study completed in March 2022 and a similar analysis carried out just before he tied the knot with Meghan in May 2018. According to the latest survey, only three in 10 people are favourable towards the Duke of Sussex. On the other hand, 43 percent said to have an unfavourable opinion of him. The analysis was conducted between March 24 and 25 on 2,055 Britons aged between 16 to 75. The Duchess of Sussex has also seen a substantial loss in the favourability rate over the past years. Almost a quarter of the responses analysed, 24 percent, are favourable towards Meghan, Duchess of Sussex. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here  Half of those polled said to have an unfavourable opinion of the Duchess of Sussex. This means her favourability rate dropped by 16 percent when these results are compared with the 2018 data, gathered from an Ipsos Global Advisor poll of 1,000 Britons aged between 16 and 64. Only Prince Andrew performed worst than the Sussexes in this survey, with 11 percent of those polled saying to have a positive impression of him against 69 percent saying they have an unfavourable opinion of him. The Queen continues to top the charts as the most-loved member of the Royal Family, with 69 percent of those analysed saying to have a favourable view of her against 12 percent who said to have an unfavourable impression of the sovereign. READ MORE: Eugenie & Beatrice have contrasting marriages - body language A comparison with the 2018 study shows a surge of seven percent over the year in the number of people with a positive opinion of the Queen. The monarch is followed in the analysis by Prince William, with a 64 percent favourability rate against a 13 percent unfavourability rate. While he grew in favourability by two percent when compared with the similar analysis led in 2018, his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, has grown by four percent in the past years. The Duchess is third in the charts drawn by Ipsos results, with a 60 percent favourability rate against a 13 percent unfavourability one.  Meghan and Prince Harry met during the summer of 2016 and, as confessed by the Duke himself during his interview with James Corden in February last year. Speaking to the British comedian during a special episode of his Late Late Show, Harry said he and Meghan immediately "hit it off" and their relationship went from 0 to 60 within just weeks. The pair eventually announced their engagement in November 2017 and tied the knot in May 2018. But, even before becoming a Duchess, Meghan started performing a few royal duties, taking part in visits and engagements with Prince Harry as a clear sign she wanted to hit the ground running with her work. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex carried out several royal duties both solo and jointly and a few important foreign trips during their time as working royals. However, in January 2020 they announced they wanted to create a new role for themselves within the Firm, which would have seen them continue to represent the Crown while also becoming financially independent from the Sovereign Grant and pursuing financially profitable endeavours. After this solution was deemed not possible, Meghan and Harry officially stepped down as senior royals at the end of March 2020. Over the past two years, they have created a new life for themselves and their two children in California. In late 2020, they launched their organisation Archewell, which includes production powerhouses for audio and video content and their non-profit foundation which recently made donations in support of organisations working on the ground in Ukraine. The Sussexes have also struck deals with Netflix and Spotify to produce exclusive content for these streaming platforms. As announced last month, Meghan will release this summer Archewell's first podcast series, called Archetypes. The Sussexes are also working on two series for Netflix - Heart of Invictus and Pearl. Moreover, Prince Harry is to release an "intimate" memoir later this year. While Meghan and the children have yet to travel to the UK since the Sussexes stopped being working royals, the Duke returned on two occasions in 2021 - first to attend the funeral of Prince Philip last April and later in July to unveil the statue of Princess Diana at Kensington Palace.