Jadon Sancho's first season at Manchester United is set to come to an early end after interim manager Ralf Rangnick confirmed the youngster has tonsillitis and may get his tonsils removed at the end of the season.  The winger was absent from the United squad which drew with Chelsea on Thursday and he may not play a part in the remaining three games. "It could happen," Rangnick said when asked if Sancho may miss the final run-in. "He definitely has an inflammation on his tonsils and has also had some high temperatures. He almost certainly won't be available for the next couple of games. So, hopefully, they can get hold of that inflammation and if the tonsils have to be taken out and removed, this can happen at the end of the season." Sancho signed for United for a fee of £71million in the summer from Borussia Dortmund after scoring 50 goals in just 137 games. It took a while for Sancho to get going in a Red Devils shirt but he had an uptick in form before he was struck down with tonsillitis.  United have only won nine of their 18 home games in the Premier League all season as they look set to miss out on the Champions League places. Any chance of playing in Europe's premier event relies on Arsenal and Tottenham failing to win another of their five games, and they could fail to qualify for European football altogether if West Ham and Wolves pick up maximum points from their remaining games. It would mark just the second time that United have failed to qualify for European football in the Premier League era, with David Moyes not finishing in the top four in 2013/14. Rangnick admitted his side were lucky to get a point against Chelsea. “We have to admit we were fortunate to get the point," the German boss said. "The reaction in the second half was good, you can't blame the attitude but when Chelsea is in control of the ball, we are far away from being able to control the game.”  With the German set to move into a consultancy role at the end of the season, Erik ten Hag will be the man to resolve United's problems when he leaves Ajax next month. And the two will work hand-in-hand to decide the best strategy for United going forward as they aim to finish in the top four next campaign. 