Wildflowers are in bloom right across the UK with everything from bluebells to clusters of forget-me-nots cropping up in woods and meadows. While it may be tempting to pick a handful of blooms for yourself, growing them in your garden is an even better way to create your own spring bouquet. Sowing wildflowers requires no gardening skills at all, but what are the benefits? Why is now the perfect time to do it? Scattering seed balls in outdoor spaces has a number of benefits, and increasing the population of native flowers in the UK is perhaps the most important of all. Whether you’re looking to fill empty beds or improve the variety of plants in your garden, sowing a mixture of native blooms can be done right now for a full summer display. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the team at Seedball said: “April is a fantastic time to scatter wildflower seeds as the last frosts have usually passed and the ground is beginning to warm, which means young shoots from germination have more chance of success.” READ MORE: The 5 flowers to avoid in your garden if you develop hayfever One of the most appealing things about growing your own wildflowers is that they need far less “pampering” than most garden plants. In fact, they actually prefer poorer soil meaning there is no need to add fertiliser to the bed or border where you sow them. Before scattering your seeds in spring, be sure to give them an area that receives at least half a day’s sunshine, and keep up with regular watering in dry periods. Wildflower seed balls can be sown in beds, borders and even pots, though you should always avoid sprinkling them on your garden lawn.  While the flower seeds which are mixed into these assorted clusters are native to Britain, wildly pollinated meadows of flowers have become increasingly less common over the last 50 years. Seedball told Express.co.uk: “We all recognise that insects are in trouble, there has been a massive decline in their numbers since the end of WW2 and we have lost 98 percent of our wildflower meadows. “The loss of insects has a knock-on effect, especially to garden birds, hedgehogs, and even bats that eat them.” Though it may seem like a small contribution to such a large scale problem, scattering these seed balls into your own outdoor space is often more effective than you think. DON'T MISS:How to stop cut flowers from wilting - 5 ways to keep blooms fresh [REVEAL]‘Key thing’ to remember when growing basil and thyme - ‘will only rot’ [ANALYSIS]Gardening: How to create a low maintenance garden [INSIGHT] Scattering wildflower seeds not only helps support your garden and local ecosystems but they also look beautiful. The team at Seeball said: “There is something magic in knowing that the flowers in your garden are native, and ones which support nature. “In this moment where the impacts of climate change are increasingly becoming understood and accepted, wildlife gardening can be massively rewarding and offer a means in which people feel they can help.” When the flowers begin to bloom, natural pollinators such as bees and butterflies will flock to your garden.  Many of our native bumblebees are needed to pollinate crops and fruit trees but their habitats have become fragmented. Once a large field has been harvested the countryside becomes a green desert - with no flowers for bees to gather the pollen and nectar they need to complete their life cycle. Seedball said: “Growing wildflowers in our outdoor spaces can help provide corridors or bee-lines for many different species of bee to travel through and help them survive. “They also are vitally important in helping to support our garden ecosystems and biodiversity that depend on them.” While a lot of people shy away from the “wild” look of these native blooms, the team at Seedball has shared their top tips for a more structured look in your garden. 