Good Morning Britain presenter Kate's remarks came after a report on Harry's most recent interview during the Invictus Games, in which he expressed his hope for the Queen to be "protected" and have "the right people around her". ITV presenter Kate said the interview was "strange" and commented there's "never a quiet day" with Harry and Meghan Markle. "I mean, it's strange, isn't it?" the broadcaster said, adding: "Yesterday we were just saying, 'oh isn't it a lovely thought, they might be there on the balcony with Meghan, it might be a warm thing', but now maybe this has changed it all. "There's seemingly never a day is there? In the life of Harry and Meghan and their relationship with the Royal Family." "It could be perfectly innocent," Adil argued. "I love my grandmother and want to protect my grandmother - who knows?" READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge "Well I'm sure he didn't mean it nastily," Kate clarified as Adil continued: "We've got to wait for the full interview, I guess." Harry made the surprising comments just a day after speculation he and Meghan might join the Royal Family on the balcony to celebrate the Queen's Jubilee later this year. Good Morning Britain's Noel Phillips explained the significance of the conversation as he stated: "This might be another defining moment in the Sussex's chapter. "I think a wrecking ball through palace walls to remind them that Prince Harry is very much doing things on his terms. "And he's no longer following protocols. But from what we've seen so far from this interview, it's very different to that other bombshell interview that he gave last year to Oprah Winfrey. "He appeared to be very sombre, at times he was answering questions with his head bowed down. "And especially he was doing so whilst talking about his grandmother - this is the first time we've seen Prince Harry speak publicly about his relationship with the Queen." DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun star teases 'what happened next' episodes [EXCLUSIVE]Loose Women's Carol blasts Harry and Meghan over balcony appearance [VIDEO]Anne Darwin defended by journalist who broke canoe story [LATEST] "He was asked what the meeting was like when they had that recent meeting and he responded by saying that he wanted to ensure that she was protected. "But protected from who? Other family members? Prince Charles? Prince Andrew? "Maybe the staff members or the advisers around her? We know she has 24-hour police protection. "So she's clearly not in any danger at all, so there's so many questions." Talking to TODAY host Hoda Kotb, Harry explained: "It was just so nice to see her [the Queen] you know, she's on great form, she's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm making sure she's protected and got the right people around her." He added: "Home for me now is for the time being is in the States and it feels that way as well. "We've been welcomed with open arms and we have such a great community up in Santa Barbara." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.