Bridgerton season three has already been confirmed but it has not yet been announced who will be leading the new series. The star of season two, Jonathan Bailey, has opened up to Express.co.uk and other media about how he already has some advice for them. As fans will know, Jonathan plays Anthony Bridgerton in the show, who is the focus of the second season’s love story. He finds himself swept up in a love triangle with Kate Sharma (played by Simone Ashley) and Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran) as the series picks up. This shifts the focus away from the first season, which focused on Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor) and the Duke of Hastings (Regé-Jean Page). Season three is set to do the same as it focuses on another of the Bridgerton family. While it has not yet been confirmed who’ll be taking over, Jonathan has opened up about his advice. The actor explained all at the press conference for the show last week. Speaking about being the lead, he said: "Obviously, we’ve got amazing actors all around the series. “So actually it didn’t feel at all like stepping into a role with a massive amount of pressure. “Everyone has so much and we are all a family. “And the knowledge of knowing how we’re going to pass the baton on forward [is exciting]. “I've got a little notebook for whoever is next to read. “It could be Will Tilson getting married at a very young age!" DON'T MISS... Richard Williams ‘doesn’t condone’ Will Smith Oscars slap [INSIGHT]Chris Rock breaks silence following Oscars altercation with Will Smith [VIDEO]Venus Williams suffers wardrobe malfunction during Oscars ceremony [PICTURES]  Will is the star who plays the second youngest of the Bridgerton family, Gregory Bridgerton. Jonathan went on to add how he’s sure they’ll all keep supporting each other as the show goes on. He added: “It’s a big group effort and I just think that it’s such a once in a lifetime opportunity to be cast in a family like this. “We move as a unit and so the pressure was… “I mean, obviously it's a relief now that it’s out, I've really enjoyed signing off. “But I’ve had a lot of support.” The show has already been renewed for seasons three and four, so there will be plenty more Bridgerton on its way. Fans can stream the whole second series on Netflix now after it was released last Friday.