Meghan Markle, 40, has unveiled her first Spotify series - a podcast about female stereotypes, in which she vows to investigate "labels that try to hold women back". Archetypes will launch this summer, hosted by Meghan who will speak to historians, experts and women who have experienced being typecast. Royal expert Neil Sean said on his YouTube channel: "Meghan does plan to introduce topics perhaps about motherhood, parenting and family relations which will be addressed head-on. "While you will not actually be hearing her mention those problematic areas of her life, you will be able to decipher the bones of the conversation and more importantly, how she see the situation unfolding, whether she's given advice or discussing a topic related to something very similar. "Of course, it does get her side of the story out while not addressing those thorny issues, particularly things like, where she hasn't spoken to her father in over four years. "Perhaps she may do a special on father's or Father's Day. "This way Meghan gets her voice out without actually upsetting anybody." READ MORE: Kate’s concern after giving birth to Prince Louis In a trailer for the Archewell Audio project released on Thursday, male voices are heard saying derogatory remarks about women including "she's a slut" and "a little emotionally unstable". Meghan follows the excerpts, saying: "This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us... but where do these stereotypes come from? "And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?" A male voice is heard saying "weaker, smaller, they are less intelligent" with a female voice saying: "People think I should be quiet and submissive". The teaser included a clip of Australian radio presenter Matt Tilley asking actress Amy Schumer in 2015: "Do you have the word skanky in America?" with Schumer replying: "We do have that word". The interview became notorious after Schumer shut Tilley down, branding his question about her character in the Trainwreck movie rude. The trailer also featured US Dancing With The Stars host Tom Bergeron telling champion gymnast Simone Biles in 2017: "I was waiting for you to smile at some of the compliments, you didn't." Biles won support at the time across social media for responding with: "Smiling doesn't win you gold medals". DON'T MISS Queen's uncle Edward VIII 'actively engaged' with plot to oust royals [VIDEO]Meghan told to 'stop knocking family' if she wants to enter politics [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew 'trying' to be Queen's 'unofficial advisor' [ANALYSIS] The duchess, previewing the type of guests who will feature, adds: "I'm Meghan and this is Archetypes - the podcast where we dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. "I'll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. "And I'll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place." The announcement of Archewell Audio's debut podcast series with Spotify comes after Meghan and the Duke of Sussex raised concerns about Covid-19 misinformation on the platform.