Sergey Nikiforov claimed Russia tried to cover up its crimes by burning victims of their brutality and eliminating any evidence that could be used against them. Horrifying photographs have emerged showing bodies of civilians left on the streets as Ukrainian forces re-entered previously occupied areas. Volodymyr Zelensky's aide reported mass graves have been unearthed and suggested some of the bodies found appeared to have been executed. Speaking to BBC' Sunday Morning, Mr Nikiforov said: "It's hard to describe what we have found in the recently de-occupied territories like Bucha, Hostamel, Irpin. "These images are heartbreaking, we found mass graves filled with civilians. "We found people with their hands and their legs tied up. "And with bullet holes at the back of their heads." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG He continued: "So they were clearly civilians, and they were executed. "We found burned bodies as if somebody tried to hide their crimes but they actually haven't enough time to do it properly so these corpses are only half-burned. "It's only the first assessment of the situation, these images are really horrible. "The whole Kyiv region is de-occupied, is free from Russian troops and our military are now clearing it up, searching for mines, searching for snipers and whatever the Russian troops could leave behind them." READ MORE: 'We are ready' Ukraine weakens Putin’s energy stranglehold as it breaks Russian shackles  Ukrainian officials said on Saturday that more than 30 villages and towns surrounding Kyiv had been retaken from Russian troops this week. Reuters journalists entering the city of Bucha, 37km northwest of the capital, reported seeing bodies laying on the streets, and hands and feet of several corpses poking out of an open mass grave. Mayor Anatoliy Fedoruk said more than 300 Bucha residents had been killed since the start of the invasion on February 24. President Volodymyr Zelensky warned in a video address: "They are mining all this territory. Houses are mined, equipment is mined, even the bodies of dead people." DON'T MISS Putin humiliated as Britain refuses Russia's plan to boost economy [REVEAL] New mutant 'XE' Omicron variant could be most transmissible yet [REPORT] Germany humiliated after Russia avoids sanctions and 'sticks it to EU' [INSIGHT] Ukrainian negotiator David Arakhamia said enough progress had been made for direct talks between Vladimir Putin and Zelensky. However, Moscow's chief negotiator Vladimir Medinsky said a draft agreement was not ready to be sent but insisted Ukraine was showing more realism by agreeing to be neutral, renouncing nuclear weapons, not joining a military bloc and refusing to host military bases. On Crimea and Russian-backed Donetsk and Luhansk, which Putin recognised as independent in February, Medinsky indicated there had been no progress. In a message on Telegram, he said: "I repeat again and again: Russia's position on Crimea and Donbas remains UNCHANGED."