Being ambidextrous – which is having the ability to use your right hand just as well, or naturally, as your left hand – is a rare skill. Only one percent of the world’s population is ambidextrous, and this includes the Duchess of Sussex and the Countess of Wessex. Meghan and Sophie are the only members of the Royal Family who are ambidextrous. Although she can use both hands well, the Duchess of Sussex has a preferred hand depending on the activity she is doing. She typically waves, writes, and holds her handbag with her right hand, according to reports. However, Meghan usually eats, drinks, and plays the guitar with her left hand. As for Sophie, the Countess revealed she was ambidextrous earlier this year, in March. She was planting a tree with school children at Buckingham Palace when she said: “I’m left-handed. Well, I’m ambidextrous, which means I can do things with both hands.” However, Sophie has spoken about her unique skill in the past too. The Countess explained that she is “both” right and left-handed during a day trip to the Sylva Wood Centre in 2019, according to Town and Country. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress [PICTURES]Weight loss: How to burn 3,000 calories without exercising [EXPERT]Lawn care: ‘Easy’ and natural way to get rid of weeds - 'Just 3 steps' [GUIDE] Joe Bray, head of the Wood School, said at the time: “What was most impressive was that she was ambidextrous.” People who are ambidextrous, on average, have a brain that works in a different way to those who are only left-handed or only right-handed. According to some reports, this means the left and right sides of their brain are symmetrical. The left side of the brain is more verbal, analytical, and orderly than the right brain – and thus is sometimes called the digital brain, Healthline stated. The left brain is connected to logic, sequencing, mathematics, facts, and thinking in words. Meanwhile, the right brain – which is sometimes referred to as the analog brain – is more visual and intuitive. This brain is connected to imagination, holistic thinking, the arts, and daydreaming. Interestingly, ambidextrous people are better at adapting their emotions depending on the situation, according to a study carried out by researchers at Montclair State University. No other members of the Royal Family are ambidextrous, but some are left-handed. Prince William and his son, Prince George, are both left-handed. Queen Victoria, King George VI, and the Queen Mother were too. Only around eight to 15 percent of the UK population is left-handed, and it is more common in males than in females. Prince Harry, Kate Middleton, Prince Charles, and the Queen are all right-handed.