But there is nothing funny about energy bills shooting up by 54 per cent on the same day Britain was snapped by a late frost. Millions of people across the country reached for the thermostat and worried about the bills to come. It’s the ironically hot topic at the school gates. No matter what your household income, it’s no laughing matter when the next energy bill lands. The question everyone is asking politicians is what can we do about it? What support can be given to people through these tough times? We’ve called for a one-off windfall tax on the billions of pounds of unexpected profits that oil and gas companies are making. The likes of BP and Shell have come across this windfall because of increased global prices. They are profiting from the very thing that makes everyone else's life miserable. READ MORE: Putin threatens to turn off the gas if not paid in roubles And one oil executive has said that ‘they have more money than they know what to do with’. Well, Labour knows what to do with it. We’d put a one-off tax on these unexpected bumper profits. And use the money to give up to £600 off household energy bills. It’s a sensible, fully-costed and practical plan, that would make a big difference to millions of people, now. And even former BP executives think it is justifiable given the circumstances. DON'T MISS:UK shame as European efforts to help families with energy bills MAPPED [INSIGHT]Energy warning: Bills set to increase by 'another £800', ex-CEO warns [UPDATE]Pensioners in crisis: 'I begged them not to raid my energy bill' [REACTION] Instead, the Government are offering a ‘buy now, pay later’ £200 loan scheme, and it doesn’t even offer any help until October. Producer profits are being shielded, while people are panicking about how they’ll keep their radiators on. There’s still time for them to change course and offer immediate help. But that’s not all we need. The British people also want politicians to have a long-term energy plan. Never again should Britain be left so vulnerable to a spike in international prices. We shouldn't be at the mercy of a dictator threatening to turn the taps off. Going cap in hand from dictator to dictator begging for more oil and gas, is not an energy strategy. And it hasn’t got us a single barrel. Even if it had, we’d still be in the same vulnerable position. Hoping that international events outside of our control don’t push up prices here at home. The only long-term strategy is to produce far more of our energy here at home. Boosting support for renewables, by ending the effective ban on onshore wind. Ending 12 years of dither and delay on nuclear power, by backing a new generation of reactors. And we must reduce our demand for energy, by properly insulating our homes. The UK needs a proper plan, to free ourselves from having to worry about the whims of tyrants like Putin. And British households never need to face an April 1st, and cost of living crisis, as cruel as this one.