Wheeler Dealers Dream Cars is airing on Discovery and the TV series stars some inspirational contributors. Mike Brewer and his team have been going above and beyond to help people get within reach of their favourite vehicle. He recalled the story of a man called Mark, who is dealing with a devastating condition. The second season of the uplifting series left the experts feeling exhausted. They were put through their paces using their tricks of the trade to transform people's old cars into the vehicles of their dreams. Mike Brewer explained to Express.co.uk how there was added pressure to achieve their goal. This was due to the requirements of the car owners, who are often in challenging circumstances. Mike said: "One story that does spring to mind is this guy called Mark. READ MORE: Wheeler Dealers Dream Cars experts were 'close to being broken' "He has got a debilitating illness which will render him unable to move within the next 18 months to two years. "He has already been heavily medicated for it so he has got some sense of movement at the moment. "He's got a very young son so what he wanted, it's a very difficult car to get in and out of. It's a Caterham 7. "For us to be able to deliver him that car so he can enjoy it with his son was tremendous." Mike said he "cried" when he first met Mark, adding: "I was [also] crying my eyes out when we handed him his car over at the end." The expert also recalled helping a carpenter called Simon who suffered a bad accident. He had to sell his tools and eventually ended up living in a static caravan. Mike said: "His life had turned upside down... once he was on the road to recovery he reached out to us. "We fundamentally give him back a sense of credibility to himself. DON'T MISS...New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air [DISCUSSION] Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [INSIGHT] Wheeler Dealers Mike Brewer believes 2030 car ban will be delayed [INTERVIEW] "It was a really emotional thing for us to be able to do that as we are literally changing people's lives." This season, the experts will transform a Skoda Fabia into an Audi Q7. They will also turn a Volkswagen Touran into a 1980s Nissan Patrol by trading their way up. Fans will watch Mike work his magic to meet the needs of petrolheads across the UK. For most people, their dream car remains out of reach. In the series, certain members of the public hand over their daily drives and whatever savings they can spare. Through a series of trades and money-making deals, Mike trades until he has enough money to buy the car they have always dreamed of. Mike's co-star Marc Priestly said: "If it was easy, the person wouldn't need our support."  Catch weekly episodes of series two of Wheeler Dealers: Dream Cars on Discovery on Mondays at 9pm. The series is available to stream on Discovery+. Season 16 of Wheeler Dealers returns to Quest on Thursday, April 7.