Mr Trump accused Prince Harry of being “whipped like no person I think I’ve ever seen”, before predicting that Ms Markle will eventually break her marriage off and the Duke of Sussex will go “back on his hands and knees” to London. The former President was speaking to Piers Morgan on the opening day of Mr Morgan’s new Piers Morgan Uncensored show on Talk TV.    Mr Trump said: “So I want to know what's going to happen when Harry decides he's had enough of being bossed around. “Or maybe when she decides that she likes some other guy better. I want to know what's going to happen when it ends, okay. “It'll end and it'll end bad. And I wonder if Harry's gonna go back on his hands and knees back into the beautiful city of London and say, please. You know, I think Harry has been led down a path. “Harry is whipped. I won't use the full expression but Harry is whipped like no person I think I’ve ever seen.”    He added: “I’m not a fan of Meghan. I'm not a fan and I wasn't, right from the beginning. I think poor Harry is being led around by his nose. “And I think he's an embarrassment. And I think she spoke badly of the royal family, but in particular the Queen you know.” Mr Trump went on to say that the Queen “liked me” and reportedly smiled more than ever during their meeting in the United Kingdom. He claimed that “ they've never seen her have such a good time at a state dinner”. READ MORE: Putin uses the n-word all the time' Trump talks Putin to Piers Morgan [REPORT]   The interview with Donald Trump was already mired in controversy after Mr Morgan claimed that the former President had stormed out on bad terms. In a column for the New York Post, the former Good Morning Britain host claimed that Mr Trump had “abruptly jumped to his feet, looking hateful, and barked at the shocked crew: ‘TURN THE CAMERAS OFF!’” But Mr Trump countered that this was “fake news”, accusing Mr Morgan’s team of doctoring the recordings to make it sound more dramatic. Taylor Budowich, Mr Trump's communications director, said: “This is a pathetic attempt to use President Trump as a way to revive the career of a failed host.” DON'T MISS: Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? [POLL]Harry not attending Jubilee 'would be greatest gift to give Queen' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's US neighbours 'bristling' - claim [REVEAL]  Prince Harry and Meghan Markle visited the Queen at Windsor Castle en route to The Hague, Netherlands, where they were hosting the Invictus Games. The Duke of Sussex said that the Queen was “on great form” and that he had visited her to make sure she was “protected”. He went on to say that America was his new home and that the Santa Barbara community in California had welcomed him with open arms. The interview was criticised by royal biographer Angela Levin, who accused the prince of taking advantage of his grandmother in an interview with GB News.   