Earth sign Taurus is the second sign of the zodiac. It encompasses those born between April 20 and May 21. What kind of person and leader is Queen Elizabeth II, based on astrology? Taurus is "smart, ambitious, and trustworthy", making them the "anchor of the zodiac". Fittingly, Queen Elizabeth II is the anchor of the country. Horoscope.com stated: "Amazing friends, colleagues, and partners, Taureans value honesty above all else and are proud that their personal relationships tend to be drama free." Indeed, the Royal Family have endured many a crisis, but the Queen has remained a pillar of stability through them all. READ MORE: Royal Family horoscope: Kate and Meghan personality traits explained  A true leader, "this searching sign is willing to see another point of view, but they won't flip-flop on an opinion just to make someone else happy". "They will shift their thinking only if they truly have a change of heart." Her Majesty has spent seven decades on the throne, so it is unsurprising that Taurus is known for being "one of the hardest-working signs in the Zodiac". Dedicated to her people, "a Bull is never afraid to roll up those sleeves and get to work, and won't blink an eye at pulling an all-nighter to get the job done". DON'T MISS Coming up to her 95th birthday just next month, the Queen is as dedicated and diligent as ever. As for Taurus' romantic prospects, the Queen was married to Prince Philip for just over 73 years. Horoscope.com said: "When it comes to love, Taureans are all about honesty, which is why a first date with a Bull may resemble a job interview. "They're not being rude - they're built for partnerships and are simply trying to see if you're a good fit at the start." Taurus' motto, "Nothing worth having comes easy", is incredibly fitting for the Queen. This sign's key characteristics are "trailblazing, ambitious, unwavering, reliable, understanding and stable". According to astrology, Taurus' "secret weapon" is their willpower, and resolution to get things done irrespective of circumstances. "They push, roll over, and dominate whatever challenges they're facing until those challenges are history.