Pete was a prominent face on Emmerdale for a number of years and left a trail of heartbreaks in his wake during his time in the village. He made an exit from the ITV soap in 2019 as Anthony went on to pursue other goals, such as creating the business BoxedOff, which helps people achieve their fitness goals through plant-based supplements. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the 37-year-old teased "never say never" when discussing a potential return to the soap. The beloved soap character decided to start a new life and was last seen driving away from the village in 2020. In an interview with Express.co.uk, Anthony talked about what he's been up to since leaving the ITV soap, and his thoughts on the farmer making a comeback. "The reason I left Emmerdale is that I started embarking on my business, so it was kind of a decision which wasn't taken lightly because I absolutely loved the job," he commented. "It was great, I loved playing the character. It was kind of hard to walk away from it at the time." READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts The actor, who also stared as Gilly Roach in Hollyoaks before his stint in Emmerdale, continued: "But I needed to kind of focus a little bit more on the business. "And now the business is up and running well, who knows? I'd never say never. "I wouldn't say I'd never go back but who knows what the future holds?" He later added if his character was to return, it would make sense for him to come back with his brother, Ross (Michael Parr). "I think it would work for them to go back together," Anthony suggested. On his storylines, he said: "We got spoilt over the years, there was the Ross storyline - the whole 'did he kill Ross?' "Pete was a bit of a ladies' man around the village but also he lost his father, who was killed by his mother. "He lost his mother, who was killed by his auntie, it's amazing that he didn't have a complete mental breakdown, to be fair." DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton explains 'tough' aspect of job [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders theory: Dotty Cotton exits Square after Vinny confession [THEORY]Dan Stevens stuns BBC's One Show with Boris rant 'Idiots!' [VIDEO] Anthony's business venture is going "fantastically well," and he explained his passion for the industry while pointing out he was very much still acting. "It's a lot better than I could ever have imagined, to be honest. BoxedOff is basically a sustainable supplement company. "We've been trading since August, the first of August 2019 and I actually left Emmerdale in December 2019. "I was last on it I think in like February 2020. So we're not even we're over three years into it. "A lot of businesses don't make any profit within the first couple of years but we're certainly doing that. "We're doing really, really well and going from strength to strength. "We're going to be online as well, we have quite a strong online presence at the minute. "The idea started due to a back injury, as the initial idea was to open a gym but I suffered a back injury so I ended up changing, I had to go back to the drawing board and see what I could do." With his business thriving, could Anthony soon be making a comeback to the village as Pete, alongside his brother Ross? Emmerdale continues on Monday at 7pm on ITV.