Mr Muratov was in a train compartment when he was doused with the paint “laced with” the chemical acetone, an English version of the Russian outlet Meduza has reported. English-language Meduza managing editor, Kevin Rothrock, said: “Aboard a train to Samara, somebody attacked Nobel Peace Prize laureate and Novaya Gazeta editor-in-chief Dmitry Muratov with red paint laced with the solvent acetone.” Mr Rothrock claimed the attackers yelled: “This is for our boys!” In a statement on the Novaya Gazeta website, Mr Moratov added: “They poured oil paint with acetone in the compartment. “Eyes burn terribly. Train Moscow-Samara. “Oily smell all over the car. Departure has already been delayed by 30 minutes.  “I'll try to wash off. He shouted: 'Muratov, here's to you for our boys.'" The editor of Novaya Gazeta in Europe said that the editor-in-chief had received medical attention after the attack. Kirill Martynov said on Twitter Mr Muratov’s eyesight could be damaged. Mr Muratov said on March 22 that he would auction off his Nobel Peace Prize to raise money for Ukrainian refugees fleeing the conflict. READ MORE: NATO Summit: Truss vows 'age of engagement' with Putin 'dead' He won the Prize in 2021 for his investigative work and critical coverage of the Russian government. He was awarded the honour along with Filipino-American journalist Maria Ressa, for their efforts to safeguard freedom of expression." Mr Muratov said the images of “wounded and sick children” needing “urgent treatment” as a result of the Russian invasion pushed him to act. The money raised will go towards the non-governmental organisation, The Foundation of Assistance to the Ukrainian Refugees. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Remainer slammed for faulty 'unreliable ally' claim [LIVE] POLL: Would you pay more for energy bills to cut off ALL Russian gas? [VOTE] Map pinpoints Putin's loss of control [MAP] The announcement of the auction came less than a week before Novaya Gazeta stopped all of its operations. Muratov announced March 22 that he would auction his Nobel medal to raise money for Ukrainian refugees, six days before Novaya Gazeta paused all operations following its second official warning from the Russian media regulator Roskomnadzor. Muratov’s paper, Novaya Gazeta is often seen as a dissenting voice to the Kremlin, and announced shortly after the invasion of Ukraine that it would stop publishing until the end of the war. This followed numerous warnings from the Russian press regulator, which has forced the outlet to remove content. The Russian regulator, Roskomnadzor, cracked down on the outlet after a new censorship law was brought in to ban any reference to the conflict in Ukraine as a “war” or “invasion”. Any reporting judged to question the Russian military could result in a 15-year jail sentence. Novaya Gazeta announced in February: "We are suspending the publication of the newspaper on our website, social media networks and in print until the end of the 'special operation on Ukraine's territory'.”