BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Munchetty was jokingly scolded by her co-presenter Charlie Stayt as she laughed at him whilst he was reading from a newspaper. Charlie excitedly turned to face Naga and explained how conversations would happen if they were conducted on Mars. After reading the day's top headlines from the papers, the pair both picked out their favourite segment from inside each newspaper. Charlie decided to explain to Naga and viewers how a conversation would sound if they were to be conducted on the planet Mars. As he faced Naga and began reading, she burst into a fit of laughter after he cheekily told her off for not looking interested. Charlie quipped: "Can you look interested?" before turning away from Naga's face. READ MORE: Pensioner insists she's not hard up on £12K a year 'I'm happy' "I'll look this way, which camera, the interesting thing here is that one thing is, is it camera three?" Through her laughter, Naga quietly told him: "Four!" "Four, no, I wanted a single because I think we need, we just need to remove her!" he told the camera crew. Charlie continued: "There we are, the interesting thing that we are seeing, you will be asking at home, is what is the effect of that on a conversation you might have on Mars. "The effect of that is you wouldn't hear the voice, you wouldn't hear the voice as quickly, it would take a while to travel. "And also, it would be incredibly quiet, so now you know if you are having a conversation on Mars shortly, we will know the official details on that!" The whole time Charlie was reading through the article, Naga could be heard hysterically laughing in the background. As the camera panned back to them both, she exclaimed whilst wiping away her tears: "I'm sweating!" DON'T MISS...Matt Tebbutt praises BBC Breakfast's Naga 'I love her sharp tone'  [INSIGHT]Dan Walker leaves audience in stitches with Will Smith joke [LATEST]Naga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress [WATCH] Charlie swiped: "It's nice when people pay attention, really nice, have you got a story, do you need more? "Anyone in the gallery, anyone in the room got any more questions about the sound on Mars?" he sarcastically asked. Naga quipped: "No, no, Tim though our director is very clever, if you were to do a T-Rex impression, how would you do it?" Clearly annoyed at what had happened during his reading, Charlie bluntly replied: "You think that is going to happen now?"  Trying to get him to participate, Naga asked: "No, but how would you do it?" "No, I'm not doing it," Charlie said, standing firm, however, Naga wouldn't back down and once again asked: "Tell me, you don't have to do it!" Sighing, he awkwardly said: "Well, it would be noise based." The pair went on to discuss why T-Rex dinosaurs had smalls hands for such a large predator. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.