With inflation on the rise, house prices soaring, and the inheritance tax threshold frozen for five years, more and more families could get caught in the IHT trap, and left to pay out thousands to The Treasury. Darran Harrison, wealth planner at Kingswood spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how families can reduce their inheritance tax (IHT) bill and pass assets to their loved ones. Inheritance tax is charged at 40 percent of the value of an estate above a certain threshold, usually £325,000. The Chancellor announced in the 2021 budget that there are no plans to increase the IHT thresholds until April 2026 at the earliest despite the backdrop of rising inflation and soaring house prices. Passing assets to loved ones or down the family tree is one way to reduce the value of an estate and therefore reduce the potential tax bill. Spouse and civil partner exemptionsMr Harrison encouraged Britons to make use of their spouse and civil partner exemptions. READ MORE: National Insurance set to rise tomorrow - how much more will you pay?  In addition, Britons are able to make small gifts of up to £250 per year. There is no limit to the number of recipients in one tax year, and these small gifts will also be IHT-free, provided they have made no other gifts to that person during the tax year. He explained that gifts in consideration of marriage or civil ceremony are another potential option, subject to limits according to who is making them. Regular gifts out of excess income can be made for IHT purposes, subject to specific affordability tests and qualifying criteria. Lifetime giftsAs well as annual gifts, Britons can make Lifetime gifts  Mr Harrison said: “You can make larger gifts of money. These are called potentially exempt transfers (PETs) and can be made at least seven years prior to death, however, this comes with some conditions. “One duly being that the assets must be an outright gift (rather than, say, loaned or a gift with reservation) and another is that, should the donor die within the seven-year period, IHT becomes payable on a sliding scale. “There’s an important caveat however, determining whether such a gift is exempt only happens after your death, and is subjective. “There’s a risk some gifts may be classed as being within your estate for IHT purposes if the taxman decides they did affect your lifestyle for example; therefore, if you are making habitual gifts it's important to document your intentions and keep a record of this with your will.”  Life insuranceMr Harrison suggests that Britons should consider taking out life insurance and look into it to reduce one’s bill. He explained that life insurance can be a “simple but effective way to cover an IHT bill”. He said: “You take out cover and place it under trust (so that the pay-out falls outside of your estate) and on your death it clears any IHT bill without exacerbating the tax situation.” Other considerationsMr Harrison continued: “Other considerations to help reduce your IHT bill are gifts to political parties, charities, trusts and amounts paid into private pensions are other avenues which the British public could potentially explore to dramatically reduce their inheritance tax bill.”