Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, visited the Queen and Prince Charles while travelling to the Invictus Games. The shock face-to-face meeting after considerable tension between the Sussexes and royal family was significant and would have been welcomed on all sides. Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer has claimed Harry and Meghan "need" the Queen for commercial gain. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth on the Royal Roundup, Mr Palmer said: "I think it's fair to say that they need the association with the Queen. "They need to be on good terms with the Queen to continue marketing themselves as somebody other than Harry and Meghan. "They still have that royal cache. "They need for their future commercial benefit to say they're still on good terms with the Queen." READ MORE: Kate and Princess Anne join forces as they step up to represent Queen Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth on the Royal Roundup, Mr Palmer said: "I think it's fair to say that they need the association with the Queen. "They need to be on good terms with the Queen to continue marketing themselves as somebody other than Harry and Meghan. "They still have that royal cache. "They need for their future commercial benefit to say they're still on good terms with the Queen." It comes as Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine, said yesterday's visit would have made the Queen very happy despite the couple's highly publicised criticism of the royals. Ms Seward told The Sun newspaper: "It is a wonderful opportunity to clear the air and offer an olive branch. After everything that has gone on it must have taken a lot for Harry and Meghan to go to Windsor. "Also Maundy Thursday is a very special day for the Queen as it is about forgiveness. She is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms." The Sun reported a busload of tourists had seen the couple visiting Windsor Castle, with one telling the paper they "couldn't believe it when I saw who it was. We waved and they waved back.They looked happy and relaxed and waved to everyone on the bus". The Duke of Sussex has said he does not know if he will return to the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, saying there are "security issues and everything else". Interviewed by an American network, Harry also suggested his grandmother, who turns 96 on Thursday, might be "bored" of birthdays. Asked about his mother Diana, Princess of Wales, Harry said he felt her "presence" in everything he did, and talked to his son Archie about "Grandma Diana". DON'T MISS Prince Harry's 'dig at Queen's aides' exposed - expert lifts lid [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan will be 'told by Netflix' to avoid Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'toned down' memoir to appear on palace balcony - claim [ANALYSIS] Speaking to NBC's Today show about the reunion, the duke pointedly said he wanted to make sure his grandmother was "protected" and had "the right people around her", but did not elaborate whether he was referring to palace aides or the royal family. Asked to name the best thing about his grandmother, Harry replied: "Her sense of humour and her ability to see humour in so many different silly things. We have a really special relationship, we talk about things that she can't talk about with anybody else." He added: "But I think after a certain age you get bored of birthdays." When questioned whether she would be bored of her Platinum Jubilee he replied with a laugh: "No, I don't think so. She's had a few jubilees now, everyone is slightly different but I'm sure she's looking forward to it."