Adam (played by Sam Robertson) and Sarah (Tina O'Brien) haven't had the best few months on Coronation Street, thanks to Lydia Chambers (Rebecca Ryan) almost killing the lawyer and doing her best to try and destroy his marriage. It was never going to be easy for the pair to return to their normal life, what with the ITV soap heartthrob wanting to repent his sins for every woman he wronged in the past and with recent events meaning the couple need to build their trust back in each other. However, upcoming scenes could potentially see them make plans for their future and take action to ensure they have a long and happy marriage together. The drama continues in next week's episodes as the pair are featured in a small storyline together away from some of the other bigger ones. It happens just in time for the Easter holidays, which Sarah is hoping they can enjoy together as a family after the heartache of the past few months. Unfortunately, a new client soon turns up at the lawyer's office and demands the heartthrob see her right away as a matter of urgency. With Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo) still mixed up with some personal matters, it is down to Adam to pick up the pieces. Knowing he needs to tell Sarah, the lawyer ends up apologising to his wife for leaving her on her own whilst he worked the bank holiday. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk leave village Wanting to offer her some reassurance, Adam explains he is going to prioritise more family time instead of working all the time. This is when the couple could decide they are going to take a break from their lives on the cobbles and go take a well deserved holiday. Both characters have lived abroad before and they would have connections who could accommodate them for a few months. Adam could still work remotely and on a limited timeline so he can still spend time away with his family. Sarah would need to sort some school work for her son but she could agree with the school she is going to teach him at home. With all plans in place, the pair could bid farewell to their loved ones for the foreseeable before setting off aboard. This time away from Weatherfield would give them some distance from the place which holds so many troubling memories for their relationship. Not only because of Lydia but with regards to Sarah, her romance with Gary Windass (Mikey North) which became extremely toxic. After everything they've been through over the past three years, the married couple could find they are happier than ever when not living on the cobbles. Once they return from their prolonged break away, could they decide they are going to move away permanently as a way to keep their family together? DON'T MISS...Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [COMMENT]Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT]Corrie’s Beverley Callard begged Ricky Gervais for role in After Life [COMMENT] Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media earlier this year, the actor who plays Adam, Sam, addressed how he would like to take a break from his character. The soap star said: "Walking on set and arguing, even though it's a fake couple, it's still a challenging day on set. "I won't lie, it has been tough, we've got through it. But I think in the end it'll be worth it. "I think sometimes you pick up the script and you feel like you're doing the same scene as you did 12 months ago. Then you think, 'Is it me? Is it the character or the other actors?' "I speak to a lot of guys here like David Neilson [Roy Cropper], Jimmi Harkishin [Dev Alahan]. I had a scene with [Jimmi] the other day, and you have these moments where you think, 'I could hang this character on a coat hanger for a bit.'" "And they go, 'It happens, you're used to working on different characters'. I'm at the stage now, five years in, where I haven't played another character in over six years," he continued. "It's mad! I feel like coming through this big storyline I need to re-calibrate and find out what this character's all about. "I think this confusion Adam's feeling right now, I'm feeling myself as an actor in terms of, who is this character?" This could be the welcome break Sam needs from his character and it is not unusual for actors to be written out for months at a time. In 2021, Faye Windass star Ellie Leach was taken out of the show for a good six months before being reintroduced as part of a big storyline. Taking to Twitter, viewers of the show have been sharing their opinions on the couple, with Sunshine Glitter writing: "#Corrie thank goodness the truth is out about Adam, I love him and Sarah together." Sarah posted: "This Adam storyline is just so ridiculous. As if he feels he’s that important he needs to go and impart his newfound wisdom on all his ex-lovers. Who does he think he is ?! #corrie." Amelia commented: "So Adam's just moving back in with Sarah just like that? I’d rather move in with Daniel if I was Adam #corrie." "Welcome home Adam. I’m glad that Adam and Sarah are back together. #Corrie," Justin shared. But will a breakaway solidify their marriage or could they return and realise they need to divorce? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.