Tobey Maguire’s Peter Parker entered the MCU in Spider-Man: No Way Home, a Marvel movie that co-starred Benedict Cumberbatch’s sorcerer. Now Sam Raimi, who directed the original Spider-Man trilogy, is helming Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness and fans have been wondering if the original Web-Slinger will cameo in this film too. A new ad for Doctor Strange 2 has dropped with what some fans are interpreting as a big hint. This new Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness ad turns out to be a commercial for Tide and stars Wong. In the minute-long adventure, the Sorcerer Supreme is determined to get Stephen’s Cloak of Levitation washed with Tide pods before he returns. However, the robe has a mind of its own and flies off through New York City as Wong tries to capture it in a portal. In one scene there’s a truck for Joe’s Pizza Parlor, which is the delivery service Maguire’s Parker worked for in Raimi’s Spider-Man 2. Of course, this could just have been the version of Joe’s in the MCU, but it’s nonetheless a big nod to Raimi’s own movie. It’s also worth noting that Spider-Man 2 made a reference to the Doctor Strange of that Sony universe. So we wouldn’t be surprised if the Multiverse of Madness movie travels there for a cameo from Maguire. The star himself even admitted that Spider-Man No Way Home wasn’t the end of his return as his Peter Parker. In a video chat for Deadline with Tom Holland and Andrew Garfield, Maguire said: “It was really about getting together with these people and revisiting what was part of my history and getting a chance to come together. There are personal things too which are kind of resolutions, or a way to revisit and…I’m not quite sure how to put it…” What he said next certainly caught the attention of MCU fans hoping for more of his Peter Parker. DON'T MISSDoctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness reviews: When they arrive [REVIEWS]Tobey Maguire Spider-Man 4 ‘sounds beautiful’ says director Sam Raimi [SPIDER-MAN 4]Morbius spoilers review: Jared Leto's deathly dull vampire movie sucks [MORBIUS] Maguire continued: “Just to be able to get back that…and, I don’t want to say close the chapter, but revisit and have certain resolutions. And just join in this like loving creative spirit.” Fans on social media were quick to point out: “I don’t want to say close the chapter, but revisit.” Whatever the case, in just a few weeks we’ll find out if Maguire’s Spider-Man is back yet again. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hits UK cinemas on May 5, 2022.