Manchester United will go up against Liverpool on Tuesday night as severe underdogs. The Red Devils have endured a frustrating campaign under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. However, somehow, they’re still in contention to finish in the Premier League top four and secure Champions League football. Manchester United were battered 5-0 by Liverpool earlier in the season, when Solskjaer was manager. Mohamed Salah stole the show with a stunning hat-trick, with Naby Keita and Diogo Jota also on target. And while things have worsened for United ever since, Liverpool are still pushing to win their second Premier League title in three years. Tuesday night’s showdown at Anfield has the makings of a classic given how much is at stake for both sides. So, with United big underdogs going into the match, Express Sport will now take a look at three players who need dropping from their perspective. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz While Diogo Dalot and Alex Telles were both underwhelming against Norwich on Saturday, it’s the latter who should be demoted. Unfortunately, that means United still having to play Dalot as well. The Portugal international was used at left-back at times by AC Milan last term and may be deployed there as a way of stifling Salah. That would then enable Aaron Wan-Bissaka to come into the side at right-back, with his defensive skills required. Wan-Bissaka has endured a frustrating season but, when it comes to tackling and tracking runners, he’s one of the best in the business when on form. So we’d go with Dalot on the left and the former Crystal Palace star on the opposite flank. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players On his day, Paul Pogba can be unplayable. But things have become far too hostile when it comes to the 29-year-old, now, after he was booed by fans on Saturday. Pogba has every right to feel irked given he was solid enough for United on the day. Yet with a parting of the ways on the cards this summer, it’s in the best interests of everybody if he’s phased out. The 2018 World Cup winner will be overran in midfield if he’s started. United should instead go with the experience of Nemanja Matic but, in an ideal world, Scott McTominay or Fred if they’re fit enough to play. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Jesse Lingard was given a rare start for United against Norwich. But the England international produced an anonymous performance and did little to show why he deserves a new deal. Lingard, like Pogba, is destined to leave Old Trafford on a free transfer at the end of the campaign. His best form since Jose Mourinho left United actually came when he spent last season on loan at West Ham. And while the academy graduate may be motivated to play against Liverpool, his lack of form makes his selection an unnecessary gamble. Speaking ahead of United’s clash with Liverpool, Rangnick has risked the wrath of fans by insisting he’s played a key role in the recent success of Jurgen Klopp’s team. "They are good, they are extremely good," Rangnick said of Klopp's side. "It's no coincidence that they're as good as they are. “Jurgen has built that team over the last six-and-a-half years. Six or seven of those players used to be my/our players when we signed them for our clubs when nobody knew them. "And again, it's no coincidence that this is probably the club with the highest number of players from our former clubs because their approach, their style of football, the way they want to play is pretty similar."