Springtime is when gardeners can prepare their gardens for the summer months, including sowing their own crops. While many may think you need a big space to grow fruit and vegetables, experts at The Original Factory Shop have shared a “simple” growing guide for those with a small outdoor space. They explained: “Strawberries actually thrive in containers or pots as the plant is relatively small with a shallow root system. “Although, you do need a sunny spot for them to grow such as by a window. “Set plants into multi-purpose compost with adequate drainage and avoid over-crowding, strawberries like their space. “The soil should stay damp but not soggy and never dry. To achieve this water more often with less water. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove limescale deposits from your taps “Most strawberry plants put out runner plants, which is not too good for pots, so be sure to snip the runners as frequently as possible.” Temperature control is important for strawberries, so gardeners should avoid the roots temperature rising. To avoid this, the experts recommended wrapping kitchen foil around the pots to shade them and dissipate the heat. They continued: “Basil is a firm favourite for adding flavour to your dishes and a great choice for pots on a deck or patio. DON'T MISS:Tomatoes: How to grow tasty fresh fruit from seed at home now [COMMENT]How to get rid of ants using cupboard essentials - ‘effective’ [EXPERT]Monty Don shares how to keep slugs and snails away from plants [EXPLAINER] “If planting from seed, plant five to six seeds per pot and use seed starter mix or potting soil and mist it with water to keep the soil slightly damp but not soggy. “Seeds should germinate in around a week, easy. Once they have a set of true leaves, thin them down to one or two seedlings per pot. Water the soil and avoid watering the leaves.” Basil thrives in warmer conditions and needs room to grow. Carrots, which are a staple in many food dishes, can also be grown in containers. The experts added: “Carrots need free-draining lightweight soil, that’s free of stones to give them the exact conditions they need. “Therefore, growing carrots in deeper pots around 12 to 15 inches deep is best with plenty of drainage holes, otherwise carrots will rot from water-logged soil. “Space seedlings at least 1.5 to two centimetres apart, cover with soil and water sparingly. “As the plant grows, keep the soil well-watered and moist to prevent the roots from splitting.” Tomatoes are also a great crop to grow in the springtime, and they can be sown indoors. According to the expert, one of the best ways to grow the fruit is in hanging baskets. The Original Factory Shop experts said: “The most popular and best types to grow in baskets are cherry tomato tumblers. “They are typically bush tomatoes which require very little work and hardly any pruning, unlike other varieties. “Sow your tomato seeds between March and April, you should see them germinate within seven to 14 days. “Alternatively, use two to three tomato plants. “They will require sunlight to grow successful and ripen, around five to seven hours of sunlight per day, so place your hanging basket outside. “Hanging baskets will need watering daily to keep the compost moist, or even twice on warmer days. Add tomato feed every seven days or so to maximise your crop.”