On Wednesday evening, members of York City Council voted unanimously to strip Prince Andrew of his Freedom of the City of York honour. The ambassadorial title was given to him in 1987, just a few months after he married Sarah Ferguson and prior to the Queen bestowing upon him the title of Duke of York. The Freedom of the City is an honour given to either civilians or visiting celebrities or dignitaries, in recognition of their exceptional service to the City. While bearing the title of Freeman is usually considered a major honour, it doesn't grant any special privileges. The vote was unanimously carried as only two council members abstained from the vote – the Lord Mayor and Lord Mayor-elect – while the rest voted in favour. Council members also called for either the Queen or the Government to strip Andrew of the title Duke of York. The rank of Duke and other peerages can only be removed by an Act of Parliament, a move which last occurred in 1917. Cele Otnes, co-author of Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture, claims the Queen would not consider stripping Andrew of the title. Ms Otnes, a professor of marketing specialising in how the Royal Family brands themselves, claims the monarch would see the move as “unwarranted”. Instead, the consumer expert told Express.co.uk that instead the move could be carried out by Charles when he becomes king. READ MORE: Sophie and Edward confronted by reparation protest on royal tour Ms Otnes said: “His service as escort of the queen at Prince Philip‘s memorial service certainly seemed to raise a lot of consternation among the family, and probably among Royal brand managers and royal watchers as well. “I doubt very seriously the Queen will take the step of stripping him of his title. “I think she would perceive that as too hurtful a gesture from his mother — and unwarranted. However, Prince Charles may well choose to do so when he becomes King. As Cele Otnes points out, Prince Andrew raised eyebrows among royal watchers last month after accompanying his mother to the memorial service for Prince Philip. The event marked the Duke’s first public appearance since reaching an out-of-court settlement with Virginia Giuffre. DON'T MISS Harry felt marrying Meghan was best way to get her police protection [INSIGHT] Princess Beatrice and Edo discuss health struggles with Sweden’s royal [REVEAL] Kate proved destiny to be 'future Queen' during split from William [REPORT] Ms Giuffre who had accused him of sexual assault allegedly carried out when she was 17. Andrew has vehemently denied her allegations, and this settlement did not equate to an admission of guilt. As part of the agreement reached, court documents stated Andrew would make a "substantial donation to Ms Giuffre’s charity in support of victims’ rights". A few weeks prior to this settlement agreement, lawyers for Andrew tried to get the case dismissed but their move was rejected by the presiding judge. Buckingham Palace then announced the Duke had returned his military and royal patronages to the Queen. A statement added that Andrew would “continue not to undertake any public duties” and while he retains his HRH title, it is not to be used in any professional capacity. At Wednesday’s meeting, the motion to strip Andrew of his Freedom of the City of York honour was proposed by Liberal Democrat councillor Darryl Smalley, City of York Council's executive member for culture, leisure and communities. Mr Smalley said removing the honorary title “sends the right message that we as a city stand with victims of abuse.” He said that Andrew should “do the right thing” and relinquish his Duke of York title as the “next logical step”. He added: “If he fails to do so, the Government and Buckingham Palace must step in to remove his title to finally end Prince Andrew's connection to York.” Labour councillor Aisling Musson agreed with this, saying she wanted to remove “this stain of an association with this city”.