Emmanuel Macron will return to the Elysee Palace for another five years after winning his second consecutive French Presidential Election against far-right candidate Marine Le Pen. Mr Macron is projected to have won the 2022 contest with 58.8 percent of the vote compared to 41.2 percent for the National Rally leader, according to IPSOS.  However, while supporters of the French President celebrated his triumph at Macron's victory speech in Paris, his opponents have already taken to the streets to voice their disappointment. One clip circulating on social media even appears to show protesters making a "savage" chant about the French President. The crowd, who have been gathering in numbers for some time, can be heard shouting in French: "Louis XVI, Louis XVI, we beheaded him, Macron, Macron we can start again." Louis XVI, who was the last King of France before being overthrown during the French Revolution, was executed by guillotine in 1793. JUST IN: Macron picks up first call from Olaf Scholz to celebrate ‘commitment to Europe’ Separate footage also showed armour-clad riot police on the streets as protesters set off flares. France 24, a state-owned international news television network based in Paris, described encounters between police and protesters as "minor". However, a 10-minute incident reportedly saw riot police use tear gas as they chased away a few dozen protesters. The protests are said to be led by student and anti-fascist groups, according to France 24. Despite facing protests, President Macron has vowed to unite France following his second round victory. Speaking to a cheering crowd at the feet of the Eiffel Tower, Macron said he will be "President for all of us" in France. He added: "Many of our compatriots voted for me not out of support for my ideas but to block those of the extreme right. "I want to thank them and I know that I have a duty towards them in the years to come. DON'T MISS:Macron delivers victory speech & claims to be "guardian" of France [VIDEO]Read why Macron's challenger Marine Le Pen admitted defeat [INSIGHT]'Don't want Macron and don't want Le Pen!' French voter exasperated [REACTION] "We will have to be benevolent and respectful because our country is riddled with so many doubts, so many divisions. "No one will be left by the wayside. It will be up to us to work together to achieve this unity which will enable us to live happier lives in France. "The years to come will certainly not be quiet, but they will be historic."