The driver in question, Donna Hefferon lives in a gated community in Stockport, Greater Manchester and has parked her car in the resident’s car park for the past year. She said it clearly states in the tenancy agreement that she can do this and has the requisite parking permit. However at some point the laminated pass slipped down the windscreen of her vehicle. And that resulted in her being slapped with a whopping fine of £170 last November. Although she appealed the fine she was told that the window for doing so had closed, leading to the outstanding amount being chased by a debt collection agency. She feels that Johnnie Johnson Housing Community who manage the building had been dismissive of her issue. READ MORE: Passer-by left shocked after wheelie bins blocked parking spaces Mrs Hefferon said: “We live in a gated community and have a fob that opens the gates for the cars to enter. “I have had my permit displayed in my windscreen. “The laminated permit had dropped down the windscreen and wasn't entirely visible but could still be seen. “I pay a service charge for the upkeep of the area and the gardens and it is in our tenancy agreement that we can park." DON'T MISS Warm weather driving habits could land drivers with fines up to £5,000 [WARNING] Man calls towing truck on his neighbour for terrible parking [SHOCKING] Motorists warned not to travel at certain times over Easter [REVEAL] She said that Johnnie Johnson Housing Community stated they had provided everyone living at Marsland House with a permit holder to stick on the vehicle windscreen to prevent the permits from slipping off or being blown onto the floor. But she felt that she didn’t receive enough understanding from the organisation. She said: "I am quite disgusted about it now, it's going to affect my credit rating if I get a CCJ. “I have disputed it but it is putting pressure on my marriage." The ticket has since been cancelled and a spokesperson for Marsland House said: “Marsland House has limited parking, so to prevent the wider community from parking in the customer only parking spaces, Johnnie Johnson Housing consulted with residents about putting a permit holder parking system in place. "The residents voted for this, and the scheme has now been in place for several years. "The Community Housing Officer for the local area is responsible for issuing permits to the residents. The permits must be clearly displayed on the car windscreen to prevent a parking ticket being issued. “On occasion the permit gets forgotten or slips down, when this happens, we ask the resident to contact their Community Housing Officer straight away in order for her to contact the parking enforcement team to verify that they are a permit holder and that the ticket can be waived.” The spokesperson continued: "However, if the Community Housing Officer is not informed that this has happened, the parking enforcement team continue with their process and a fine may be issued. “As soon as we become aware of any issues, we step in to try and resolve them. “Our Community Housing Officers will always endeavour to work with our residents to ensure that they are receiving the support and help they require. "In this case, we spoke with Donna Hefferon and then contacted the parking enforcement team on her behalf. As a result, the ticket was cancelled, and the matter is now closed. “We apologise for any stress or inconvenience this may have caused Donna Hefferon and can confirm there is no longer an outstanding fine."