As the sun shines this bank holiday weekend, cleaning marks and streaks left behind on windows will be noticed. One cleaning fan took to social media to ask other cleaning enthusiasts how they clean glass windows, and they shared some surprising products. Maria Broomfield wrote: “Please could someone recommend the best thing for cleaning windows that won’t leave streaks and marks behind. “I used windows and glass wipes and this is what they look like after cleaning.” The photograph she uploaded to the Facebook group showed the sun shining through her glass double doors, highlighting streak marks. The post gained nearly 600 comments. READ MORE: Avoid keeping milk in door compartment of fridge to save hundreds Kristel Elsie-May said: “Water out of the tumble drier if you have one or know anybody that does. It's the best.” Sarah Louise Robinson agreed: “If you have a condenser dryer use water off it always leaves mine crystal clear and easy to do xx.” Donna McRobert wrote: “I used the water from my condenser tumble dryer as I had seen it on here. Didn’t think it would work but wow what a difference sparkling with no smears.” Rachael Murphy reiterated: “Lots of people are using the water from their condenser dryer if you have one. Because it’s distilled it doesn’t leave the streaks.” DON'T MISS...Homes Under the Hammer: Couple spend £17k to boost bungalow value [VIDEO]Appliances to switch off before going on holiday - unplug toasters [ADVICE]Flowers to sow this weekend for a 'burst of colour in the summer' [GUIDE] Several others suggested using the screen wash you put into a car for windscreens. Karyln Conner said: “This might sound hair brained ready mixed screen wash you would buy for your car!!!! Complete game changer!!! Used it on my patio doors and my cat ran into them no streaks at all!!!.” Marion Curtin asked Karlyn: “Did u spray directly on windows or? What steps to shiny windows.” And Karyln replied: “On my patio doors 3 sprays per door (sparingly) micro fibre cloth=no streaks honestly great!!!!” Lynn Annette seconded Karlyn’s cleaning tip: “I use diluted screen wash that you use for your car, if it’s good for your car then it’s good for windows, no smears.” Hundreds of people opted for a simple solution of washing up liquid and water. Kared Dodds explained: “Hot soapy water using fairy (only a very tiny bit of fairy) then a window squeegee.” “I use hot water and washing up liquid with a sponge then use a shower squeegee and buff with a cloth, so easy and best thing I’ve used!” Kayleigh Debenham seconded. Caroline Campbell offered: “My dads a window cleaner. (very good one) he swears by hot water and fairy liquid then dry off x.” Several cleaning fans recommended using microfibre cloths to buff the windows. Some also suggested getting a Karcher Window Vac to clean windows with ease.