Arsenal and Manchester United's hopes of striking a summer deal for Ruben Neves have been given a boost, with reports claiming that Wolves are 'prepared' to lose their midfield maestro at the end of the season. Both the Gunners and United are set to be in the market for midfield reinforcements and have previously been linked with the Portuguese star. Neves has been in dazzling form for Bruno Lage's side this year, racking up four goals and two assists during his 28 Premier League appearances for the Midlands outfit. However, his form has not gone unnoticed - with a host of top European clubs linked with the silky playmaker over the course of the season. While Wolves are keen to hang onto Neves - who has struck up an efficient partnership with Joao Moutinho - it remains to be seen if they'll be able to keep the 26-year-old out of the clutches of some big-hitting suitors. And a new report from The Athletic hints that the club are braced for Neves' departure in the summer. The report claims that Wolves are prepared to sanction the midfielder's exit if a proposal that would allow Neves to play in the Champions League is tabled at the end of the season - even though they would 'gladly' open discussions over a new, improved contract. READ MORE: Man Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford job Although Arsenal and Manchester United have designs on keeping Neves in the Premier League, it's been outlined that the playmaker's most likely destination at the moment is Barcelona. The Spanish giants are in the midst of an ambitious rebuilding project under Xavi Hernandez, who has revitalised the club since his appointment back in November. However, Barca are still plagued by the financial issues that have ravaged them over the past 12 months - which could hamper their ability to thrash out a deal with Wolves. As well as losing Neves, there is also an expectation at Molineux that his partner in crime, Moutinho, could also leave the club this summer. The veteran is due to be a free agent at in June and could opt to seek pastures new as his illustrious career winds down. DON'T MISS...Gary Lineker sends best wishes to Louis van Gaal after heart-breaking cancer announcementTottenham chief Fabio Paratici has to be held back in tunnel while venting at officialsNewcastle 'willing to sell' Saint-Maximin and nine others as owners set transfer budget It's outlined that the club have set their sights on Sporting Lisbon duo Matheus Luiz Nunes and Joao Palhinha to bolster their midfield if they lose Neves and Moutinho in the coming months. Lage hinted earlier this week that the club were keen to tie Neves down to a new deal - but also that they wouldn't stand in his way if a top European club came calling. He said: ‘From my side he knows my opinion. I want the best for his career. If he prefers to remain with us, I will for sure be happy and stronger but this is football. "When you see the level he is playing at. A big team comes with a better offer. We need to analyse what is better for us and the player."