Ireland Baldwin, 26, had a "minimally-invasive" facelift treatment alongside her cousin Alaia Baldwin, 27, which is designed to permanently destroy fat cells and tighten the skin of the lower face and neck. Taking to Instagram over the weekend, the daughter of Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger snapped selfies while wrapped up in compression bandages following her trip to the doctor. "Cousins who Facetite together, stay together," Ireland captioned a snap of the pair. Fans were left shocked by her decision to undergo a mini facelift while in her 20s, commenting: "You don’t need Facetite. You are absolutely gorgeous. You were perfect. Why change ??"(sic) "Most 26-year-olds are paying off student loans. Why would you do that to yourself?!" asked another. A third commented: "That is ridiculous neither one of you needs Facetite I need Facetite." READ MORE: Alec Baldwin offers support to Chris Rock after Will Smith slap "You are too young & too beautiful to do all this already. You have amazing DNA from your parents, take good care of it," commented a fourth. Other fans praised the star for her openness, however, penning: "Y’all look hot af."(sic) Ireland sought out Dr. Michael Kim for the procedure, which uses "Radio-Frequency Assisted Lipolysis (RFAL) that is contained in a thin wand that is placed underneath the skin", according to reports. The RFAL "permanently destroys fat cells and simultaneously tightens the skin of the lower face and neck."  In addition, "Facetite can provide mini facelift-like results without the associated scars, downtime, and cost." Last week, Ireland posted a lengthy Instagram post about body insecurity. “Sure, I have my insecurities,” she wrote. “I know a lot of you love to assume I am filled with lip filler, breast implants, and botox, but even though there’s absolutely nothing wrong with any of those things, I am not, but HELL! All you had to do was ask.” She then said that she has always felt insecure about her chin. DONT MISS:Stacey Dooley stuns in dress amid red carpet first with Kevin Clifton (PHOTOS)David and Victoria Beckham replicate Harry and Meghan's wedding look (NEWS)Andrea McLean's sadness after being forced to sell home amid show exit (LATEST) Ireland told her followers: “I’m getting that fixed soon. Not going under the knife but trying an in-office procedure to see if it helps.” She added that the treatment is for her and she is currently “in the most freeing mental headspace I have ever been in about my body image". In addition to opening up about her FaceTite, Ireland also used her Instagram to address her struggles with growing up in the public eye. She wrote, “I have been called some version of fat, ugly, worthless and irrelevant by grown adults on the internet since I was a kid. It’s nothing new.” The model continued: “I have spent way too many years starving myself, binging, purging, measuring, stepping on scales, spitting food into my purse, and all-around ruining my body because some troll told me I’ll never be as thin and beautiful as my mother.” In 2020, Ireland celebrated being "free of anorexia and bulimia" for six years. She said on the picture-sharing site this week that she is “indeed on the other side" of it. “I have my bad days, of course,” the model commented. “But overall, I f*****g LOVE food…like romantically. I love my body. I love the way it moves. I love how I feel in it.”(sic)