HRT is a treatment designed to relieve the tricky symptoms of menopause. Its primary function is to replace or top up hormones that are at lower levels. “The most important hormone is oestrogen,” said Dr Newson. Speaking on ITV’s This Morning, the doctor continued: “We now have a body identical oestrogen, it’s the same oestrogen we produce when we’re younger. “It’s very safe, obviously, it’s safe because it’s our own hormone. “We also know that oestrogen on its own is associated with a lower risk of breast cancer and about 40 percent lower risk of dying from breast cancer.” However, there’s conflicting evidence when it comes to the HRT form. READ MORE: Long Covid: Four symptoms women more likely to experience, according to study Cancer Research UK reports that hormone replacement therapy has been found to increase the risk of breast, ovarian and womb cancer. However, the research portal also notes that this increased risk is “small”. That’s why in some cases the benefits of taking the hormone treatment could outweigh the risks. Dr Newson also noted that the oestrogen used nowadays is “much safer” compared to the synthetic version used in the past. Oestrogen isn’t the only hormone you might need. The doctor said: “Women that have a womb still need to have progesterone.  “And that has never been shown to be associated with the risk of breast cancer. “The risk of breast cancer for lots of types of HRT isn’t there and actually there are some benefits.” But the treatment still remains heavily debated and many are worried about opting for HRT. "We need to look at the evidence because that’s the most important thing," the expert noted. She continued: "When women have oestrogen on its own, if they’ve got a womb, it can stimulate the lining of the womb, so yes there’s an increased risk of womb cancer. “But we don’t give women oestrogen on its own. “We give it with progesterone either as a capsule…or Mirena Coil and that thins the lining of the womb, so we don’t have this risk, it’s a lot lower.” Dr Newson admitted that questionnaire study showed there might be a link. But she said that questionnaire studies don’t represent “good data, so that hasn’t been proven”. “We know that women who take the contraceptive pill have a lower risk of ovarian cancer, so HRT might be associated with a lower risk,” she added. Dr Newson concluded: “The risk of breast cancer stems from WHI study that came out 20 years ago, using oral oestrogen and synthetic progestogens. “It showed that there was possibly an increased risk but when they re-analysed the data, this risk isn’t statistically significant. “And women taking any type of HRT have a lower risk of dying from breast cancer.” The expert noted it’s also important to consider what women want as many, including Dr Newson herself, might take HRT for the benefits. For example, the treatment has been also associated with a lower risk of conditions, including dementia, heart disease and osteoporosis. Cancer Research UK recommends speaking to your GP to weigh up the pros and cons so you can consider your options.