Liz Hurley, 56, sent her ex-stepson Jackson Warne, 22, some words of reassurance after he delivered a powerful speech at his father’s memorial. More than 50,000 people gathered to remember Shane Warne at Melbourne Cricket Ground on Wednesday. Jackson gave a moving eulogy in which he said: “You were the best dad anyone could ever ask for and you were my best friend. "I looked up to you as my hero and I admired how hard you worked, I was so proud of everything you do. “I feel like I have been robbed as you were taken away too soon. But I won’t forget the feeling of just being around you and how loved you always made me feel.” Jackson shared a clip of his speech to his 83,000 Instagram followers and thanked fans and loved ones for their messages of support in the caption. READ MORE:Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show More than 900 users took to the comments to praise the professional poker player, including Shane’s ex-fiancee, Liz Hurley. Liz penned: “I love you Jackson. The Lion would be proud of you. See you soon.” Cricketer Michael Vaughan also commented, saying: “You are a class act Jackson.” Jackson’s sister Brooke shared several sad emojis and wrote: “So proud of you, so is Dad. Love you.” And his cousin, Tyla Warne, echoed: “So proud of you Jackson, absolutely smashed it.” At the memorial, Brooke and Summer also gave speeches and there were taped tributes from A-Listers including Hugh Jackman, Russell Crowe, Kylie and Dannii Minogue. Liz was expected to make an appearance via video message, but did not feature because she was reportedly “too emotional”. Australian TV presenter Eddie McGuire was the master of ceremonies and has since explained why Liz was a no-show. DON'T MISSNaga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress[LATEST]Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row[INSIGHT]Mark Labbett announces new show after he's axed from The Chase US[NEWS] He told News.com.au the model found it “too emotional to encapsulate her feelings into a 30-second grab”. Eddie added: “She had sent out wonderful tributes and we didn’t want to diminish her grief and love of the Warne family by doing so. “In the end, her tribute was greater by not doing so, but by supporting the family and the production with her well wishes and support privately. “We respected her wishes and completely understand her feelings. There was nothing but warmth and respect throughout the process.” Following the memorial, Liz also sent a heartfelt message to Shane’s daughter Brooke in view of her 50,000 Instagram followers. The actress wrote: “Your speech was magical. I love you and see you soon. SW23 FOREVER.” Shane died on March 4 in Thailand from a suspected heart attack. He was 52 years old. He started dating Liz in 2010 and proposed a year later before going their separate ways in 2013. Following the news of Shane’s death, Liz paid tribute to her ex on Instagram, saying: “I feel like the sun has gone behind a cloud forever. RIP my beloved Lionheart.”