Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has refused to give any more details on why Alexandre Lacazette was not seen at training on Wednesday, but hinted the striker will be available to face Southampton. Arsenal are in dire need of picking up three points this weekend to keep their hopes of a top-four finish alive after back-to-back defeats.  The Gunners have had all week to prepare for the game against Southampton on Saturday. But preparations have not been ideal with main striker Lacazette not spotted in training this week. The Frenchman has come under criticism this season as he's failed to score from open play in 2022 so far. Goals have been hard to come by for Arsenal's frontline in general with Eddie Nketiah also failing to find the net in the Premier League all season. Keen to banish their woes in front of goal, Arteta was seen putting Arsenal players through their paces in a shooting drill on Wednesday. Lacazette wasn't present for the session though with no clear reason given as to why Lacazette was absent.  Arteta was asked to clarify whether Lacazette had picked up an injury and would not be available for the game against Southampton. The Arsenal boss gave little away in his response though, stating it was a private matter. "There are private reasons that I can’t comment on but I have no other team news apart from the guys we discussed," Arteta said. "We will see if he’s available. It’s a good possibility that that’s the case."  Arsenal could find themselves six points adrift of the top four by the time they take on Southampton on Saturday. Tottenham are in action first tomorrow when Antonio Conte's side face off against Brighton. With both West Ham and Manchester United losing last time out in the league, it looks to be a straight shootout between the two north London rivals for a top-four spot. Arsenal have failed to finish inside the top four since 2016 with the Gunners keen to end that record. But Tottenham appear best positioned to clinch the final Champions League spot before the end of the season. Despite fixtures against Liverpool and Arsenal, Tottenham do have an easier run in on paper from now until the end of the season with games against Burnley and Norwich to end the campaign. Meanwhile, Arsenal still have to go up against Chelsea, Manchester United and West Ham as well as the trip to Tottenham next month. 