Tyson Fury and Dillian Whyte are set to lock horns on Saturday night in a blockbuster WBC heavyweight title clash at Wembley. Fury is unbeaten as a professional, with wins over the likes of Wladimir Klitschko and Deontay Wilder, while Whyte has been forced to wait almost five years for his shot at WBC glory. The pair have weighed in ahead of the bout, with Fury coming in at 18st 12lb 13oz and Whyte at 18st 1lb 4oz. Speaking after the weigh-in, both fighters vowed to have a "f*****g war". Fury, who weighed in almost a stone lighter than he did for his trilogy fight against Wilder, said: "I'm so happy to be back here fighting and you all made it happen. Respect to Dillian Whyte and his team, they’re real professional and respectful men. "And for that, we’re going to put on a f*****g war. I wanted it to be a great camp where I enjoyed every minute of it and take it all in and where better to do it than Wembley Stadium against Dillian Whyte? JUST IN: Tyson Fury and Dillian Whyte dance together on stage at weigh-in "One of my old training partners, who’s made it big time. I’m happy for him, we’ve both made millions, we can’t believe it!" Whyte, meanwhile, weighed in six pounds heavier than he was when he avenged his loss to Alexander Povetkin last year. "I respect him and he respects me, but we’re ready to do battle," Whyte said. "We’re ready to dust up and have it. Me and Tyson are cool. We’ve always been cool, but I’m ready for f*****g war. I’m ready to go, he’s ready to go." DON'T MISSInside 'frightening' Tyson Fury training camp for Dillian WhyteBoxing legend Mike Tyson 'repeatedly punches passenger' in plane scrapWhat happened in brutal sparring sessions between Tyson Fury and Whyte How to listen to Tyson Fury vs Deontay Wilder on the radio If you are in the UK and unable to watch the fight live then you can listen to the bout live on talkSPORT. Coverage is due to start at 7:30pm, with the likes of Fury's former trainer Ben Davison, ex-European champion Spencer Oliver and WBO champion Natasha Jonas all involved in the broadcast. You can either tune in on the radio, visit the talkSPORT website on your computer, or download the talkSPORT app and listen to the action on your phone or tablet.