Charlie Deyes, 14, returned to school following the Easter break with the new cut - the bottom half shaved and a trim on top - but teachers put him in isolation as there were "two contrasting colours." Charlie's mum Sam Deyes was furious and, though she took her son back to the hairdressers on Monday "in an attempt to satisfy school", teachers at Kingswood Academy in Hull were still unhappy and so Sam has taken Charlie out of classes. Sam said: "He had his haircut before he got back to school. I took him to school and then I got a phone call that basically said that they've had to put Charlie into isolation. I asked, 'Why?' and they said 'because of his haircut, it doesn't meet the school policies'. "They said it because of a fade line or something and you could see two contrasting colours. I said, 'Well, obviously you're going to see two contrasting colours because half of it's shaved and the top of it's trimmed'. He's not added colours or anything like that." The mum claimed a teacher told her Charlie's hairstyle was "distracting other pupils," Hull Live reports. When placed in isolation, Sam claims Charlie was put in a booth in a locked room and only allowed to go the toilet twice a day, with teacher escort. In addition, she says he was not allowed to go while other pupils were travelling between lessons. Sam added: "I said, 'how is that affecting his education, his hair cut?' "A school uniform, totally understand that the policies have got to be strict, but I said, 'It's a haircut, can you explain to me why you've had to put him in isolation, which is punishing him?' It's not good for his mental health by being sat in an isolated room."  Despite disagreeing with the isolation policy taken, Sam still tried to resolve the issue and took Charlie back on Monday afternoon to the hairdresser, Adrian Shann, where he normally gets his hair cut to try to amend it to satisfy the school. She thought she was successful, only for her son to return on Tuesday afternoon home and tell her that he had been put in isolation again. On Wednesday, Sam decided to keep Charlie out of school while he continues to be put in isolation for his haircut, and has been warned she may face a fine for doing so. "I would rather have a fine than let my son suffer like that," Sam said. Kingswood Academy, the highest performing school in Yorkshire, was approached for a comment. On the academy website in the uniform policy guide, it states of pupil's hair: "Hair needs to be smart and conservative. Extreme hair colours are not permitted (only natural looking colours are allowed). Extreme hair styles, including obvious step changes in hair length, shaved lines/patterns and coloured hair braids are also not permitted for any student. "Students will be asked to rectify these issues as soon as possible and parents will be contacted. If the issue cannot be rectified, the student will be placed in consequences until the hair meets academy expectations." 