Adrian Chiles, 55, said he is “very proud” to have installed his own personal urinal in his flat. The TV star explained that the fixture, which makes some people “retch”, has “changed his life”. Adrian described himself as “a great enthusiast” of fixing urinals in the home. Speaking about his treasured urinal, Adrian described himself as a "great enthusiast" for having urinals in homes. [can't take more than 3/4 lines from one article] But, he added, not everyone shares this passion, and he said some women feel sickened by the sight of it. However, Adrian said some people’s dislike of urinals “baffles” him as men are often “chastised” about their poor use of toilets. He explained: “Many a chap has been chastised about his incompetent use of conventional toilets – poor aim, not putting the seat down, and so on. “Well, here’s the answer: a receptacle at the correct height for ease of use, which is neat, tidy, clean and flushable. It changed my life. “Gentlemen – or anyone with a penis – trust me: it is wonderful to have a toilet of one’s own," he added, in his column in The Guardian. Adrian, who keeps his personal life away from the spotlight, last year spoke out about his girlfriend and how she would tell him off over an embarrassing on-air moment. Starring in Channel 4's Taskmaster New Year's Eve special, Adrian said his partner would not be too happy at the sight of his nasal hair being shown in a close-up shot. “My girlfriend always warns me about nasal hair,” he said. “She’s going to give me a right b*****king because she’ll be furious at the fact I had a hair coming out my right nostril in one of the close-ups. “She’s going to have my guts for garters.” DON'T MISS...‘Utterly cynical manoeuvre’ John Cleese lashes out at Tories [LATEST]Will and Jada Smith could face 'one of ugliest showbiz divorces ever' [INSIGHT]Johnny Depp's doctor says he 'cut own finger off' after blaming Amber [UPDATE] Adrian was previously married to radio personality Jane Garvey from 1998 to 2009. The former couple share two kids: Evelyn Katarina, 21, and Sian Mary, 18. During the special, Adrian also explained the reason why he opted for a suit for the episode as admitted he received help from a good friend of his who works in the fashion industry. He revealed that ahead of any TV gigs, his friend helps him pick out his outfit based on what would seem fitting for the occasion. Adrian said: “I went in a suit because my best mate is in the fashion industry. “I always get him to watch whatever programme I’m doing, and he tells me what to wear. “I don’t argue with him, I just go and do it.”