Britons heading on holiday this Easter could be faced with yet more travel cancellations, with airlines including easyJet and British Airways (BA) already axing flights for the coming days. Those crossing the channel to Calais are also likely to experience disruption, as P&O ferries put a stop to journeys between Dover and Calais. Speaking to GB News on Thursday morning, travel expert Simon Calder said: " BA has so far cancelled I calculate 52 flights, that's mostly European destinations but also short haul flights to and from Belfast city, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Mancinis and Newcastle. "Those should have been notified some time ago therefore if you are in the position of having your flight cancelled they should have found you an alternative flight. "Meanwhile down at Gatwick, easyjet have cancelled about 30 flights [so far] today." READ MORE: Fury as airport 'meet and greet' firms leave cars trapped in field easyJet An easyJet spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "We continue to fly around a quarter of a million passengers on around 1600 flights every day over the Easter period. Following a very small proportion of advanced cancellations last week for the remainder of April, we are now operating our planned schedule going forward. "Affected customers were notified last week with the majority provided with options on the same day." EasyJet to/from Gatwick BA has already cancelled an array of domestic and short-haul flights so far today. Express.co.uk has contacted BA for insight into further cancellations this weekend. BA flights cancelled to/from Heathrow Domestic European   DON'T MISSFlight attendant says Starbucks is 'easiest way' to get free upgrade [INSIDER]Guests can get free £100 spending money when they book this UK hotel [DEAL]Flight attendant shares how they can save your life ‘a lot quicker’ [REVEALED] P&O Ferries P&O Ferries has cancelled all crossings between Dover and Calais over the Easter Weekend. According to a Tweet posted by P&O: "This service remains suspended until the April 18 inclusive." In a statement, a spokesperson for P&O Ferries told Express.co.uk: "We apologise unreservedly to all customers whose scheduled journeys with us between Dover and Calais have been cancelled whilst we are unable to sail." easyJet said that it has notified passengers who are impacted by cancellations. If your easyJet flight is cancelled, there are several options available to you, which you can request quickly and easily by logging into Manage Bookings on the website or app. These include switching to another flight for free, choosing a voucher worth the full value of your booking or requesting a full refund. British Airways According to the BA website: "If your flight has been cancelled you can claim a refund. "If you booked through a travel agent or a tour operator, please contact them directly to discuss your options or request a refund. "If you need further assistance obtaining a refund from your travel agent or tour operator, please contact us directly." P&O Ferries P&O Ferries is making alternative arrangements for customers who have been impacted by the Dover-Calais cancellations. P&O Ferries' spokesperson explained: "It is only fair and right that we make alternative arrangements for those customers, which include transferring them onto our Hull-Europoort service to Rotterdam or booking them onto services with Brittany Ferries between Portsmouth and Caen. "Both of these options are at no extra cost to customers – if anyone chooses either of these alternatives we will reimburse them for any additional mileage expenses incurred and as well as all meals onboard our overnight crossing. Customers will also receive a 25 percent discount on their original fare. “We also recognise that these options will not be suitable for everyone, therefore any customer who booked directly with P&O Ferries will be able to claim a full refund and a free trip for future travel. “We thank customers for their patience during this time and apologise again to those whose journeys have been disrupted.” Most passengers should be contacted by their airline or another travel provider if there are any changes or cancellations to their scheduled journey. However, you can also visit the website of your travel provider and input your details.