This week Virgin Media lifted the lid on its long-rumoured Stream device which offers a "no fuss" way to access Virgin Media TV. Like with Sky's NOW product, Stream is a way customers can tune in to Virgin Media TV without the need to sign up to a lengthy contract or arrange for an engineer to come and install it. The Stream box can plug into any telly with an HDMI port and delivers live telly and on demand content over your Wi-Fi connection. Despite its simple plug and play set-up, Stream offers many of the features users of Virgin's TV 360 box (which is part of its typically cable TV service) know and love. With Stream you'll be able to pause live TV, start over programmes if you missed a bit and add your favourite shows to a watchlist. Unfortunately, the Stream box doesn't come with a hard drive so you won't be able to set up series links and record your favourite shows. But you will be able to access a wealth of on-demand content via your Stream box as it supports apps such as BBC iPlayer, Netflix and more. One of the great things about Stream is Virgin Media says it will offer customers 10 percent credit back for entertainment subscriptions they add to their Stream package.  This is a handy way to save on the cost of services like Netflix and Disney+ which all can be added to your Stream package. And Stream's contract-free nature means you can easily swap out what services you subscribe to each and every month so you're not tied into paying for content longer than you require. With Stream, you'll get access to a range of channels straight out of the box at no extra charge, and then you can add other channels like BT Sport, Sky Sports, Sky Cinema or the Essential Entertainment pack which includes channels like Dave, Syfy and Discovery. To start your Stream order click here to head to the product's official page on the Virgin Media website. Before you go to place your order though there are a few important things we need to point out.  Stream is only available alongside a Virgin Media broadband package. So if you're signed up to BT, Sky or another broadband provider you won't be able to get Stream. But if you were thinking of moving over to Virgin to get your broadband then you can get a Stream box. Stream is free to all Virgin Media broadband users but there's a £35 activation fee. If you're a Disney+ and Netflix subscriber though, and you take advantage of Virgin Media's 10 percent credit promotion you'll be able to make this money back over time. For anyone wondering what's on offer with Stream then here's a full breakdown of the pricing...   Netflix • from £6.99 a month Disney+ • £7.99 a month Sky Sports HD + Cinema HD pack • £46.25 a monthINCLUDES: All 8 Sky Sports and all 11 Sky Cinema channels in HD BT Sport pack • £18 a monthINCLUDES • All 4 BT Sport channels in HD, plus BT Sport Ultimate in Ultra HD Essential Entertainment • £12 a monthINCLUDES • 25 channels in HD including Sky Showcase, Sky Max, Sky Sports Mix, Sky Witness, Sky Documentaries, Sky Comedy, MTV, Gold, Comedy Central, Discovery, Eurosport & Nat Geo Kids pack • £4 a monthINCLUDES • Nick HD, Nick Jnr, Nick Jnr Too, NickToons, Cartoon Network HD, Cartoonito, Boomerang Starzplay • £4.99 a monthINCLUDES • Top US drama series and blockbuster movies with original STARZ content 