More than 600 websites belonging to the Defence Ministry in Kyiv, along with other institutions suffered from thousands of hacking attempts which were reportedly coordinated by the Chinese government, according to the Ukrainian security service the SBU. In an apparent sign of complicity, the security service claimed that the Chinese attacks started before the end of the Winter Olympics in Beijing and peaked on February 23 - the day before the start of the Russian invasion.  The SBU said that Chinese attacks sought to infiltrate a range of targets including border defence forces, the national bank and the railway authority. These attacks were designed to steal data and explore different ways to disrupt crucial defence and civilian infrastructure. Although Moscow also launched cyber attacks on Kyiv, the SBU said that the Chinese attacks could be distinguished by the trademark tactics of the cyber warfare unit of the People’s Liberation Army. Memos that the SBU shared with the Times, appear to have been prepared by another country and outline the scale of the attacks to disabled Ukrainian infrastructure in preparation for a Russian attack with reference made to computer network exploitation (CNE) attacks.  They said: “Intrusions that are of particular concern include the CNE campaigns directed at the State Nuclear Regulatory Inspectorate, and the Ukrainian Investigation Website focused on Hazardous Waste. “This particular CNE attack by the Chinese cyber program included the launch of thousands of exploits with attempts pointed to at least 20 distinct vulnerabilities.” Tom Hegel, a senior threat researcher at Sentinel One, a US cybersecurity firm, told the Times that it appears Beijing made no effort in covering its tracks. He said: “It sounds like they didn’t care that they were seen — they had an objective to get in and get what they needed as quickly as possible. READ MORE:EU 'lies' savaged as Netherlands inflation explodes to 11.9%  “It’s abnormal for a CNE-type effort, it stresses the importance of what they knew was coming.” Steve Tsang, director of the Soas China Institute, said China had engaged an “enormous” number of people in cyber warfare. He said: “The number of people China has engaged in cyberoperations is enormous. A lot of them are part of the People’s Liberation Army, which is part of the [Chinese Communist] party. “We all believe that they have a cyberforce that attacks states. They have been more engaged in getting information rather than shutting people down. DON'T MISS:  Putin on the backfoot after guerilla attacks [REVEAL] Zelensky fires two top Ukrainian security officials [INSIGHT] 'Ukrainian curling' Soldiers kick anti-tank landmines out of road [SPOTLIGHT]   “If they’re working in Ukraine they’re working in support of Russians. The implications of this would be they are potentially subjected to sanctions.” Sam Cranny-Evans, an intelligence and surveillance expert at the Royal United Services Institute, a think tank, said the attacks exposed the “collusion” between Moscow and Beijing. He said: “The attacks suggest a certain level of collusion between Russia and China, which may prompt revised assessments of the nature of the relations between Russia and China, and the willingness of the two nations to support each other in military operations.” 