 ITV viewers tuned in to see the Starstruck finale on Saturday night as the remaining contestants took to the stage one last time. The singing impersonators battled it out to earn the admiration of the audience who subsequently voted for their favourite performance. However, when host Olly Murs announced the winner of the series, some fans were left unimpressed.   Starstruck judges Adam Lambert, Sheridan Smith, Jason Manford and Beverley Knight gave up their power on Saturday night as they had no say in who was crowned the winner. Instead votes were taken from an audience who were watching via video link after all the singers had performed. The final saw contestants perform as Freddie Mercury, Cher, Tina Turner, Billie Eilish, Barbra Streisand and Lionel Richie, but only one could be crowned the winner. As the talent show drew to a close, Olly announced the final results. READ MORE: Pensioner insists she's not hard up on £12K a year 'I'm happy'   The presenter said: “Six incredible performers, but only one can be our winner tonight. The votes are in. “Our Starstruck champion and taking home a massive £50,000 is… Rachel,” he revealed. The studio erupted with applause as Olly confirmed it was Cher impersonator Rachel who had won the series. “Congratulations you’re the winner of Starstruck,” the presenter remarked.    However, some viewers weren’t too pleased with the result and took to Twitter to complain. “Wrong winner for me #starstruck," @rubyeyelashes wrote. “I don’t mean to sound like a 40 year old mother, but I’m absolutely livid at the result of #Starstruck Freddie Mercury was ROBBED,” @StephanieClark0 fumed. “What a fix. I think they need to get booked into @Specsavers for a hearing & eye check! #Starstruck," @Samuelwalker03 commented. DON'T MISS...EastEnders spoilers: Linda Carter walks out of Tina’s funeral [SPOILERS]Camilla Tominey hits back at assumptions ‘I’m not a royalist’ [MUST SEE]Andi Peters admits to ‘argue’ with ITV lawyers over banned phrase [INSIGHT]  “#Starstruck Cher, seriously? What a waste of time watching that,” @zarajazmyn said. Meanwhile, others congratulated Rachel on her performance and series win. “A great end to #Starstruck, well done Rachael well deserved. This has been a great bit of fun to have on Saturday nights, and we’ve seen some really talented people along the way. Thanks to all involved," @DanJBrownMUFC said. “@rachaelhawnt well deserved win, so so very proud of you #starstruck," @Laura_Joyce_ wrote.   Commenting on the result, judge Adam said: “Congratulations you’re amazing. That was so much fun. “All of you should be really proud of yourselves. What a night. Rachel, congratulations,” he added. Rachel said: “Thank you so much, Adam. I feel like I’m walking around in a dream. “I can’t say anything, I don’t know what to say. I’m dumbstruck, let alone starstruck. I don’t know what to say,” she remarked. Starstruck is available to watch on ITV’s catchup service ITV Hub. 