  Julia Bradbury, 51, took to social media this morning to share some insight into her breast cancer battle as she recalled her “brutal” mastectomy. The former Countryfile presenter will be releasing a documentary to raise awareness around the issue for ITV.      The much-loved television presenter went on Instagram today to share an update with her 204,000 followers. She wrote: “They'll be quite a few photos of my upper body in the press this week because I've done lots of interviews about my forthcoming @itv #breastcancer documentary.” Referring to the selfie attached to the post, she continued: “This is the last pic I took of myself before my mastectomy, to remove a 6cm tumour from my left breast. “One of the best bits of advice I was given by my friend Heidi who has been through this, was to say goodbye and thank you to my breast…     “For all the years of service and time spent together. “Saying farewell and grieving for what we've lost is OK. “To all the women about to go through this (I know some of you have your op this week) and to those of you just through the other side... “It helped me to know this brutal, scary procedure was to save my life,” Julia penned.      “There are new possibilities, this experience will give you an inner strength you didn't know you had, and there is always hope. “I am learning more about my body now than I ever have. “I understand how incredible it is, how it functions. “Our bodies need care, nutrition & emotional sustenance. But for now... #rest Namaste,”(sic) she concluded. READ MORE... George Alagiah leaves fans tearful at BBC return amid cancer battle [INSIGHT] Prince Harry in 'fit of pique' after royal snub says Loose Women star [INSIGHT] Amanda Owen hits back as fan asks ‘why doesn’t your husband appear?' [NEWS]     The star also added the hashtags: “#breastcancer #mastectomy #hope #survivor #grief #treatment #oestrogenpositive”. Julia’s fans and friends were quick to send messages of support in the comments section. Singer and presenter Myleene Klass sent a red love heart emoji, while Good Morning Britain’s Susanna Reid wrote: “So much love.” Yoga expert Hannah Barrett penned: “Big love to you. Looking forward to the documentary xx.”     Les Hubbard commented: “What an amazing woman. You are inspirational to a lot of women out there who are going through a similar experience. God bless you.” While Mel Dooley added: “You have been my inspiration and strength as I wait for my operation on 26th of this month. To you and all our ‘sisters’ God Bless and lots and lots of love.” ITV has commissioned production company Twofour to film a new documentary which follows Julia’s breast cancer battle. The piece will chart her journey from the early days of diagnosis all the way up to her preparations to undergo a potentially life-saving single mastectomy. One in seven UK females will be diagnosed with breast cancer in their lifetime. To find out more, visit https://www.cancerresearchuk.org/about-cancer/breast-cancer.   