Some 23 million Britons rely on state benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to help them make ends meet. Universal Credit claimants are just one group of people who could be claiming 30 further freebies to help them afford soaring energy bills and other household costs. Although benefit rates increased 3.1 percent in April, campaigners say this is a drop in the ocean as it doesn’t even keep up with inflation. Nearly six million (5.8) people rely on Universal Credit to top up a low income or because they are looking for work. Millions more depend on tax credits, personal independence payments (PIP) and pension credit. One way to make savings is to make sure they are receiving all the Government help they are entitled to. READ MORE: ‘Review your tax code’ Britons could end up paying more tax to HMRC Reduced council tax bills, free prescriptions and help towards energy bills can save people on benefits thousands of pounds over the course of a year. While there are 30 freebies available to people on Universal Credit, many are also available to people who receive tax credits, PIP or jobseekers allowance. Britons should be told by the DWP what they can claim but it’s advisable to check as some schemes like reduced travel aren’t well advertised. If in doubt, people can speak to their work coach or local benefits office to see whether they could apply for further financial assistance. DON'T MISS:Claim these 7 State Pension top-ups now - see if you're entitled [UPDATE]Man, 77, issues warning after being targeted for £6,000 in scam call [WARNING]Attendance Allowance to be replaced with new DWP benefit [ALERT] Many Universal Credit claimants aren’t aware that they are eligible for free, or cheaper broadband. Approximately one million households are eligible to receive free broadband installation via Openreach but less than one percent claim it. TalkTalk, BT and Virgin Media all offer discounts for people who are out of work. However, people must be claiming Universal Credit and have a work coach to qualify. The Government’s Help to Save scheme enables people to save while receiving free top ups from the DWP. Britons can open a Help to Save account if they rely on Working Tax Credits, Child Tax Credit or Universal Credit. The account is open for four years, with a bonus payment of up to 50 percent on savings after two and four years. If someone saves the maximum amount of £50 every month, they could end up with £1,200 in free Government cash. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea What are the 30 discounts available to those on Universal Credit and other state benefits?