As the spring weather hits the UK, gardeners may be focussing on planting flowers and tending to lawns. However, according to Leigh Barnes, a fencing and gardening expert from Jacksons Fences, Britons should also make sure to “periodically” clean their decking area and fences. Not only does this ensure your garden is aesthetically pleasuring, but it is also important “from a safety perspective” - especially when it comes to decking. Ms Barnes told Express.co.uk: “Decking should be periodically cleaned from a safety perspective, as a build-up of moss and lichen can cause it to become slippery and dangerous.” However, no matter how dirty your fence is, Ms Barnes says it is important to take a “gentle” approach to cleaning. This is because scrubbing too intensely, using the wrong products or the wrong tools could damage the material your fence or decking is made from. Over time this could lead to a worn appearance and even damage the structural integrity of your garden features. READ MORE: Why you shouldn't mow your lawn in May - 'Lock up your lawnmower!' Although cleaning your fence can help spruce it up in time for summer, Ms Barnes says you should be “checking it throughout the year”. She explained: “The harsh weather in winter can cause havoc so it’s imperative to keep an eye on it and see if it needs maintenance or replacing.” Simple measures such as wiping away cobwebs with a brush, or gently washing with soapy water are a good way to tackle a light build-up of dirt. However, it is also important to keep an eye on your fence’s structural integrity - especially if you live in an area that has endured a beating from harsh winter wind and rain. DON'T MISSPrincess Beatrice & Sienna seen heading to St James's Palace - inside [REVEALED]Grass care: 5 common lawn weeds to watch out this spring [INSIGHT]Grass care: How to get rid of moss from your lawn using baking soda [EXPLAINER] Ms Barnes said: “Look for broken pales – depending on the type of fence, these are often easy to replace. “Give the posts a push to see if they are still standing firmly in the ground, if there is any give or they look like they’re leaning, it could be a sign they have rotted at the base, or the stability of the ground may need inspecting. “Don’t forget to check your gates – do they still open and close with ease or do the hinges need adjusting?” If it is time for a new fence, be sure to go with a supplier that offers coverage for future damage. Ms Barnes added: “Although lower prices are tempting, avoid installing mass-produced fencing that could get damaged easily during the colder months or rots after a few years. “There are many alike products out there but look for suppliers that kiln dry and pressure treat their timber. Opt for companies that offer a 25-year guarantee against rotting or insect attack.” Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea According to Ms Barnes, if your deck isn’t looking too dirty, you can begin a gentle cleaning process using a simple mix of soap and water. Dish soap works well for this solution. She explained: “We recommend a gentle washing with slightly soapy water and sponge to remove dirt and cobwebs. “A very light abrasive such as a nylon kitchen scourer can be used along the grain. Do not rub against the grain as it is likely to leave marks.” For a more intensive clean, you can use a power washer. These can often be rented from garden and homeware stores if you do not already own one. Ms Barnes said: “A very light and distant cold water pressure washer, such as Karcher, can be used, but care must be taken not to damage the surface of the timber. “The decking will lighten in colour when moss has effectively been removed.”