Following confirmation from the leader of the SNP Nicola Sturgeon that civil servants are working on a renewed prospectus for an independent Scotland, Scottish Conservative and Unionist MSP Rachael Hamilton demanded the party “stop talking about the referendum”. She argued “it is irresponsible as we are still recovering from a pandemic” as she dismantled the plans for Scotland to break away from the Union of the United Kingdom. Speaking at BBC Debate Night, Ms Hamilton said: “During the pandemic, we know that we were supported as a Union. “We know that we had millions of vaccinations. “We have been supported with our health. “We have been supported by trying to protect livelihoods as well with the furlough scheme.  “We were supported by the British Army who helped us in our hour of need, in particular in the BGH hospital in which some of us ended up.” Ms Hamilton also added: “I think it is important to look at the positives “So now government ministers are coming to Scotland a lot more, there is a relationship into governmental relationship. “There are a lot of things going on in the Scottish Government that are working really well with the Scottish government and the UK government “So I think it is important to recognise the importance of how some of the initiatives that are happening. READ MORE: Brexit: 'Major shock' Boris warned 'surprising' change to trade   “Let’s just take the cuts, let’s just look at the £250 million cut to local authorities across Scotland. “What is happening is that local people are now engaging with what we have called the Shared Prosperity Fund, its Levelling Up agenda. “Lots of people do not know what the Levelling Up agenda is but it is about looking at projects that people, communities want and that is going to improve their lives. “There is a lot of things going on and to have a negative connotation is for me not something that we need to do.” She firmly said: “We need to move forward, stop talking about this Independence Referendum. DON'T MISS: Benidorm chaos as foul-mouthed row erupts on bus to hotel [WATCH]Dad 'stabs burglar to death' after watching him raid home on doorbell [LISTEN]Tesco denies girl, 5, use of toilet despite her crying in pain [INSIGHT]  “Nicola Sturgeon said that there would be one by 2023. “We are still recovering from a pandemic “It is irresponsible”. The claims follow statements from SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon that holding the new referendum in 2023 is “still realistic”. Ms Sturgeon also said that civil servants are now working on a renewed prospectus for an independent Scotland to allow the referendum to take place by the end of next year. 