Manchester United midfielder Bruno Fernandes contradicted Gary Neville’s view on United playing ‘false nines’ in their system, insisting Ralf Rangnick’s decision was “working”. The Red Devils missed a vital opportunity to close the gap on fourth-placed Arsenal as they could only muster a 1-1 draw at home against Leicester City. While United were able to move level with fifth-placed Tottenham Hotspur, they could find themselves nine points adrift of the Champions League places if Arsenal with their two games in hand. Shortly before United’s clash against the Foxes, Neville criticised Rangnick’s continued utilisation of Fernandes. The United boss deployed Fernandes at the spearhead of United’s attack, where he played as a so-called ‘false nine’. While Rangnick was missing Cristiano Ronaldo through illness, the German has regularly started Fernandes as a false nine. However, this has been to the unhappiness of Neville, who recently accused Rangnick of trying to mimic Manchester City’s footballing style which has seen the likes of Jack Grealish, Kevin De Bruyne, and Phil Foden deployed as a ‘false nine’. But Fernandes hit back at the former United captain, stating he believes the Reds were able to create chances in their system. JUST IN: Dean explains why he's quitting Premier League as ref denies VAR role The Portuguese midfielder said: “It’s something we’ve done already against City and it worked really well in the first half. Today I thought it was working – we had chances and were compact. “Leicester didn’t have many chances in the first half. It’s something that sometimes you have to use. It’s something that has to suit the team. It’s not about one player or two. We have to be there for the team.” Fernandes was partnered up top with fellow United general Paul Pogba, while Jadon Sancho and Anthony Elanga provided the width in the Reds’ attack. Despite the depth of attacking talent, United midfielder Fred was the one who cancelled out Kelechi Iheanacho’s header for Leicester. Fred reacted quickest to a Kasper Schmeichel save, firing home the rebound from close range. Unfortunately for the Reds, they struggled to create too many more meaningful chances. And Neville’s previous assertion that United do not suit a system reliant on false nines will likely not have changed. He said: "You see Manchester City play with De Bruyne or Foden in that false nine position. I think Manchester United feel as though they can do that with Bruno (Fernandes)." "But for me, Bruno is not that type of player, he is more of a passer and not a runner. You saw it away at Manchester City that it did not work, but today we will see how it goes."