Nicola Walker is a household name in the world of British TV and the 51-year-old actress has starred in a number of hit shows. She will be reprising her role as Hannah Stern in the third season of The Split, which is coming to the BBC. Hannah is going through a divorce in the show's final outing, and fans are keen to find out who Walker is married to off-screen. The English actress is known for her roles in Spooks and Unforgotten, and she has also worked in theatre and radio. The award-winning star also featured in Last Tango in Halifax, and more recently, the final season of The Split. In the final outing of the legal drama, Hannah Stern is navigating her divorce from husband Nathan (played by Stephen Mangan). In real life, the actress is married to Barnaby Kay. Barnaby, 52, is an English actor who is best known for his stage roles, as a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company. READ MORE: Stephen Mangan wife: Who is The Split star married to? Barnaby is the son of actor Richard Kay and grandson of entertainer Arthur Kay. The star, who comes from a family of famous faces, has one son with actress Walker. He has appeared in Doctor Who, Holby City, Midsomer Murders and Prime Suspect to name a few shows. His theatre credits include As You Like It and A Streetcar Named Desire. The star, from London, has featured on a number of radio shows including The Whisperer in Darkness. Former Spooks actress Walker opened up about why she married Barnaby Kay after 20 years. She spoke back in 2018, ahead of her role on The Split, about her own wedding. She said providing a secure future for her son was a contributing factor to why she and Barnaby decided to get married after almost two decades together. Walker told Radio Times in 2018: “I don’t know if I should tell the truth – it doesn’t sound very romantic. “I find the whole ceremony of marriage a bit like going to work. DON'T MISS... The Split season 3 episode 1 cast: Who is in the cast? [INSIGHT] Nicola Walker on seeing Hannah's ex with someone else [INTERVIEW] ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show [DISCUSSION] "Putting on a lovely dress and make-up, learning lines, someone doing your hair … I can see that would be really appealing if you don’t do it for a living. “It’s a public performance. Though we had a really lovely day because we didn’t do that. We had a tiny family thing.” The couple's son Harry was born in October 2006. Walker is due to star in a new series, titled Marriage, which has been written by Stefan Golaszewski. Kay's other projects include Jonathan Creek, Shakespeare in Love and The Bill. Walker has spoken out about the final season of The Split, calling the series "beautifully complicated". On what to expect, she said: "I don't think it's going to go where you might imagine. "It's beautifully complicated and Abi Morgan [writer] doesn't shy away from how messy this will get. "Nathan goes through the wringer. But they both get into trouble. At times they behave beautifully and at others, you want to kick both of them out the door." "You’ll shout at all of us, it’s not easy to pick who to bless and who to blame,” she told Whattowatch.com.  The Split airs on BBC One on Mondays at 9pm.