Canadian competitive cyclist and transgender rights activist, Dr Veronica Ivy, discussed transgender cyclist Emily Bridges' ban from competing last week on BBC's Radio 4 Today programme. Mr Robinson asked: "Dr Ivy, there are people who argue that testosterone levels are not enough, that people born with male bodies, people who go through the puberty do then have a permanent strength advantage. The way some people put it is like, you can't undo male puberty, it's like boiling an egg. You can take it out of the water, you can't unboil the egg. Do you accept that?" Dr Ivy said: "People have claimed that but the scientific evidence does not support that." The BBC host interjected: "Why don't we just abolish women's sport if that's the case? All people should participate in the same sport." She added: "I think your answer to should we or should we not include trans women in women's sport is to abolish women's sport seems a bit like throwing the baby out with the bathwater." Mr Robinson retaliated: "No, it was my answer to your suggestion that there is no permanent advantage to people who are born male who goes through puberty. READ MORE: Britain braced for ‘early shortages’ of tomatoes amid rising costs "If there's no permanent advantage, why do we have separate sports categories?" The activist continued said: "That is a completely separate question. That is a completely separate issue to women's sport." Mr Robinson noted: "I ask the questions and you give the answers if you wouldn't mind. There are many people who think it is related to this issue. We do have separate categories for men and women and we do it because they have different bodies." Dr Ivy hit back: "No, those are the fallacious premise that trans women are male and men and both are false. "The UK law says that those who go through certain steps are legally and medically regarded as female so when you're claiming 'male bodies' that's cisgender people. We're talking about trans women. "We are not talking about whether we should have men's and women's competition." Mr Robinson added: "What we're talking about is fairness. The international cycling governing body UCI says it's their duty to guarantee fair and meaningful competition. "Clearly there's two meanings of fairness on the fairness of right and fairness on people who have trained all of their lives to compete face unfair competition from someone who has a "male body". DON'T MISS Women’s rights count too! says Carole Malone [COMMENT]British Cycling ban trans cyclists from competing [INSIGHT]Biological males should be banned from female sports [POLL] It comes as Boris Johnson said that transgender women should not be competing in female sporting events. Mr Johnson was speaking as the country looked set to abandon plans to hold a flagship conference designed to promote LGBT+ rights around the world. Charities and organisations are boycotting the event following a dispute over conversion therapy for transgender people. Mr Johnson told reporters: "I don't think biological males should be competing in female sporting events. Maybe that's a controversial thing to say, but it just seems to me to be sensible."