Calam Lynch joined the Bridgerton cast for the second season on Netflix and his character, Theo Sharpe, worked at the local printing shop. He developed a close relationship with Eloise Bridgerton (played by Claudia Jessie) but sadly it was short-lived. Fans are keen to find out more about the heartthrob actor, including his age. Calam is a British actor who comes from an Irish family, many of whom are also famous actors. The star is known for his roles in Disney's Black Beauty and BBC One's Mrs Wilson. His parents are actress Niamh Cusack and actor Finbar Lynch. The TV star was born on November 7, 1994 and he is 27 years old. He was born in Warwickshire and spent some of his childhood in Cheshire. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage He attended the local school there whilst his parents worked in Manchester. Later the family moved to South West London and Calam went on to study Classics at Oxford. His initial interest was in football, but he was inspired by his cousin Max Irons, who is also an actor. During his time at university, he started performing in stage productions. In his final year at Oxford, he signed with an agent and made his first appearance in the film Dunkirk. The star's other credits include Derry Girls and Benediction. Also a fan of the stage, he performed in the productions Much Ado About Nothing and Wife. Calam is on Instagram and he has shared plenty of behind the scenes photos from his time on Bridgerton. He shared a selfie with Eloise actress Claudia Jessie, and the official Bridgerton account responded: "Welcome to the Ton, Mr Lynch." Fans have been rooting for Eloise and Theo to get together as they have a lot in common. DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes slams delays to clean energy ‘I’ll be dead’ [VIDEO] Bridgerton season 3: Who does Benedict Bridgerton marry? [INSIGHT] Calam Lynch famous family: Who is the Bridgerton Theo star's mother? [EXPLAINER] Dianelysbg3 said: "I have to admit, that this couple conquered my heart, I hope that they can have their endgame. "I really do because the way that they end up, it broke my heart. "So I need season three to see more of #theloise." The star attended the London premiere for the second season of Bridgerton and he spoke to The Upcoming about his experience. He said: "It's great for me because I didn't have scenes with everyone, to watch people do their thing. "Because everyone is so talented, it's really great." Theo is not part of the ton but he is an intelligent printer's assistant who is rather cynical of the society that surrounds him. He said he had no idea how big the series would become and added: "I feel really lucky to be part of such a well-loved thing. "The reason I find it interesting is it's still culturally relevant, it's still commenting on society and more shows like this should obviously be made."  Bridgerton seasons 1 and 2 are on Netflix now. A third and fourth season have already been commissioned.