O2 is running some eye-catching promotions on Apple iPhone, Samsung Galaxy and Google Pixel phones right now. The leading mobile provider has slashed prices of a number of popular iOS and Android handsets, with O2 taking £200 off the price of iPhone 12 Pro and iPhone 12 Pro Max plans as well as offering a £100 discount on Samsung phones such as the Galaxy Z Flip3. But that's not all, with O2 also throwing in extra freebies on a number of other handsets such as the Google Pixel 6 and Galaxy Z Fold3. With both the Google Pixel 6 and Google Pixel 6 Pro O2 is also giving away a bundle worth almost £160. On top of the £100 price cut to the Pixel 6 and Pixel 6 Pro contract, O2 is giving away a free pair of Pixel Buds A Series and a Nest Hub smart display. This isn't the only freebie that O2 is offering at the moment, with the mobile provider giving away a Samsung Chromebook 4 (worth £299) with the Galaxy S21 FE 5G as well as a Samsung Accessory Pack worth £79.99 with the Galaxy Z Fold3. Before you rush out to the O2 website to try and take advantage of these deals there's a few things to point out. Firstly, the £100 or £200 O2 discount that's available with O2 is only available until April 20.  Whereas the freebies mentioned above are available till later, with the free Chromebook and free Pixel goodies available till May 4 and the Samsung Accessory Pack offer ending on July 31. However, the most important thing to point out is how to take advantage of the Easter discounts O2 is running. To get either £100 or £200 off your select phone you'll need to enter 100EASTER or 200EASTER at checkout. These voucher codes will deduct either £100 or £200 from the upfront cost of your selected handset. This is vitally important to point out as if you choose a pre-made O2 plan the upfront cost could in fact be much less than this. So going down this route won't offer you the biggest discount you can get.  The best thing to do is have a look at the pre-made plans O2 is offering for your selected handset and then, instead of choosing one of the ready made contracts, click on edit this plan underneath the choose this plan button. Depending on whether you're entitled to a £100 or £200 money off voucher, you'll want to bump up your upfront cost to that amount. When you end up entering the 100EASTER or 200EASTER code at checkout this will bring the upfront cost down to zero. The more you increase your upfront cost, the less you'll end up paying each month so going down this route can help you get the maximum discount you're entitled too. In the edit this plan section you can also tinker with the amount of data you'll get each month along with the length of your contract, with all of these factors influencing how much you pay each month. On the O2 website contracts are by default set to 36 months, whereas the industry standard is 24 months so you may want to tinker that setting too. 