Michael Crick suggested that the channel should have spent more time "giving space to a range of alternative views, Left & Right", noting that previously the channel had been host to Eurosceptic voices. Writing on Twitter, Mr Crick - who was a founding member of the Channel 4 news team in 1982 - said: "If only Channel 4 had stuck to its initial remit under Jeremy Isaacs, of serious programming, & giving space to a range of alternative views, Left & Right. "Remember, Sir James Goldsmith first voiced his opposition to the EU in a lecture for Channel 4’s 'Opinions' series in 1993." Sir James Goldsmith was an early campaigner against the UK's membership of the EU. He founded the Referendum Party in order to contest seats in the 1997 General Election and force an EU referendum. In March 1993, he gave a televised lecture publicly declaring his opposition to the EU, which was broadcast on Channel 4. The channel has previously faced criticism for being too "woke". For example, viewers branded the channel "woke rubbish" after it broadcast a spoof of the Queen's speech in 2020, including jibes aimed at Harry and Meghan and Prince Andrew. In November 2020, comedian Jimmy Mulville hit out at Channel 4, along with the BBC, for "cramping creativity" by being scared of offending people.  He added: "People who cause offence now can be cancelled. And the BBC are worried about it, I know that Channel 4 is worried about it, they’re all worried about it. "I’m not blaming them, it’s the culture in which we live. I’m just hoping we’ll wake up". Mr Crick's scathing comments come in the wake of the news that Channel 4 will be privatised. The plans come after a 10-week public consultation and will be included in the Queen's speech this May. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries said that public ownership is preventing the channel from "competing against streaming giants". She said: "I have come to the conclusion that government ownership is holding Channel 4 back from competing against streaming giants like Netflix and Amazon. "A change of ownership will give Channel 4 the tools and freedom to flourish and thrive as a public service broadcaster long into the future." She added: "I will seek to reinvest the proceeds of the sale into levelling up the creative sector, putting money into independent production and creative skills in priority parts of the country – delivering a creative dividend for all." READ MORE: 'Greatest moment on air' Brexiteer mocks Channel 4 as broadcaster s... But Channel 4 has said it is "disappointed" at the move. In a statement, the broadcaster said: "With over 60,000 submissions to the Government’s public consultation, it is disappointing that today’s announcement has been made without formally recognising the significant public interest concerns which have been raised. "Channel 4 has engaged in good faith with the Government throughout the consultation process, demonstrating how it can continue to commission much-loved programmes from the independent sector across the UK that represent and celebrate every aspect of British life as well as increase its contribution to society, while maintaining ownership by the public." The channel added that it had presented the Government with an alternative solution to privatisation that would "safeguard its future financial stability" and allow it to do more for the public, creative industries and the economy. DON'T MISS: Britain set for -6C Arctic blast as Met Office forecasts MORE snow [REPORT] Warning of dog attack EPIDEMIC fuelled by lockdown 'impulse buys' [INSIGHT] BBC licence fee betrayal: Pensioners forced to cough up £710MILLION [REVEAL] Meanwhile, Labour’s Shadow Culture Secretary Lucy Powell said the move "makes absolutely no sense", calling it "cultural vandalism". She said: "Nothing screams a rudderless government more than this. "Selling off Channel 4, which doesn’t cost the taxpayer a penny anyway, to what is likely to be a foreign company, makes absolutely no sense. "It will cost jobs and opportunities in Yorkshire and hit our creative economy. "It’s cultural vandalism from a government that’s run out of ideas, run out of road and has no interest in levelling up."