In the Holyrood election last May, Ms Sturgeon and the SNP pledged to hold a new referendum if a majority of pro-independence MSPs were elected to the Scottish parliament. The First Minister was uncompromising in promising to hold IndyRef2 by the end of 2023 as long as the Covid pandemic was over. But while the SNP led Scottish government ploughs ahead with planning for a new vote, the public has little appetite for a fuming referendum. In poll results that make damning reading for the SNP, just 36 percent of Scots are in favour of a vote taking place next year. When "don't know" results are excluded, there is a 60:40 ratio split against a vote in 2023. The findings from YouGov, which spoke to 1,029 Scots between March 29 and March 31, risk throwing the SNP's plans into jeopardy. READ MORE: Sturgeon 'virtue signalling' in plans to scrap nuclear deterrents Ms Sturgeon has found herself under pressure from hard-core separatists to carry out a new vote. She has been left wrangling with how to keep her political base on side while also recognising the lack of support for a vote across Scotland as a whole. In January, Ms Sturgeon promised to do "everything that is within my power" to hold a vote by the end of next year. "What I think is much more exciting as we come out, I hope, of the pandemic, and certainly the acute phase of the pandemic, are the opportunities that come with Scotland being independent," she told STV's Scotland Tonight. "I intend to do everything that is within my power to enable that referendum to happen before the end of 2023, and we will set out exactly what that means in terms of the date of the introduction of legislation when we’ve taken the detailed decisions around that." The Scottish government is expected to imminently publish a Bill to hold a fresh vote on separation. DON'T MISS:Sturgeon savaged for trying to ‘score political points’ with Ukraine [REACTION]Sturgeon warned independent Scotland would face £12bn black hole [INSIGHT]'Irresponsible and expensive!' Sturgeon blasted over energy plans [UPDATE] But despite pushing on with planning for a vote, YouGov's poll found a majority of Scots would vote to stay in the UK in any referendum. In total 53 percent of voters would say "yet" to sticking with Britain, while 47 percent would choose "no" if a vote was held tomorrow. However, if the vote was posed as a "Remain/Leave" question, support for staying in the Kingdom increases to 59 percent compared to 41 percent in favour of independence. While the SNP has promised to hold a vote, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has vowed to block a referendum. He said it was "blindingly obvious" now was not the time for a fresh vote. Consent for a vote in Scotland must be granted by the Westminster government He said last month: "This is not the moment to be having another referendum. "It is not the time for yet more delectable disputations about the constitution when our European continent is being ravaged by the most vicious war since 1945; when public services and the economy need to recover from the pandemic."