The former lead Brexit negotiator has offered a frank appraisal of the benefits Britain has taken from Brexit since leaving the European Union. Lord Frost argued there is a "lot more we could do" as he listed the ways in which Brexit Britain could seize the opportunities of being outside the orbit of Brussels. Lord Frost told LBC: "I think there's a lot more we could do with there's a lot we have done, the vaccine rollout leading on Ukraine and restoring democracy to the country. "Let's not forget that is the most important point of Brexit in many EU countries. You can't decide everything through elections through this code in this country. We now can, but I would like to see us doing more. "For example, on planning reform on procurement reform, on restoring flexible labour markets, reducing tariffs, going harder on free trade deals. "All these sorts of things so that some of the benefits start to be visible and pay off."  The former Brexit negotiator Lord David Frost has said the Northern Ireland Protocol must be re-negotiated. He told LBC: "I think it is obvious that the protocol as it currently stands cannot survive. It must be renegotiated or the Government must act unilaterally. "I simply don't understand why the EU will not renegotiate it and move on to a more collaborative relationship with us as we all want. "But if the EU won't, then the Government's responsibility is to govern this country and it will have to take that into hand."  Lord Frost also blamed the European Union for some of the problems with Brexit since the deal was brokered. He told LBC: "We had to take the decisions we did back in 2019 because Parliament had removed the option of leaving without a deal. "The constitution was being shredded, we had to deliver the referendum result, so necessarily the deal in 2019 was imperfect. "We thought that it would work. We knew we were taking a risk. There was a lot in it we didn't want but was imposed on us. DON'T MISS:  'Task set' Chechen warlord unveils chilling plot for Kyiv [REVEAL] Putin cracks down on spies as Kremlin admits heavy 'losses' [INSIGHT] Russia shoot themselves in foot as nitric acid tanker hit backfires [SPOTLIGHT]" "Unfortunately, hasn't had the careful handling that it should have by the EU - the decision to try and activate Article 16 at the beginning of 2021 was a big problem. "The decision to impose a vaccine border in January - albeit briefly - was a problem and has destroyed the moral basis of the protocol." He said: "There's a lot we have done: the vaccine rollout, leading on Ukraine, and restoring democracy to the country. Let's not forget that is the most important point of Brexit. "In many EU countries, you can't decide everything through elections - in this country we now can."