Manchester United have told incoming manager Erik ten Hag that he will receive 'significant funds' to begin his rebuild during the summer transfer window. However, the club have distanced themselves from Ralf Rangnick's claim that he could make as many as 10 signings. Ten Hag will inherit a squad in disarray amid poor performances and results on the pitch and uncertain futures off it. But he has been informed of the budget he will have to work within when commencing an 'evolution rather than revolution' at Old Trafford in June. According to ESPN, United's recruitment team are planning to provide Ten Hag with three new signings in his first transfer window at the helm. The Red Devils will back him with between £100million and £150m - a budget that will be boosted by player sales and freed-up room on the wage bill. Ten Hag has the freedom the influence shortlists for positions he deems priorities to strengthen, and he'll get a veto on any potential signings. But United have described Rangnick's suggestion that the Dutchman's additions could hit double figures as 'highly unlikely'. JUST IN: Terry tells Chelsea to give in to Rudiger's demands ahead of exit Whilst several signings may not be on the cards, it's primed to be a busy summer transfer window in terms of outgoings. United are willing to listen to offers for five first-team stars on top of the six players set to leave on free transfers upon their contract expiry. The report states that Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Eric Bailly, Phil Jones, Alex Telles and Anthony Martial are in the shop window. And they could join Lee Grant, Nemanja Matic, Paul Pogba, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani through the exit door READ MORE: Arsenal close on Gabriel Jesus with personal terms 'done and dusted' United are thought to be prioritising a centre-back, defensive midfielder and striker ahead of the 2022-23 season. Meanwhile, Andreas Pereira could incredibly remain at the club if his permanent switch to Flamengo falls through. Football director John Murtough has informed him Ten Hag is 'keen' to work with him. There is a widespread expectation that the Ajax boss will splash his initial budget on bolstering those three positions before using funds accumulated from player sales to acquire Pogba's replacement. Whilst four signings isn't quite the total touted by Rangnick, United have learned the hard way in recent years that quality often trumps quantity in the market. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.