But the directive has caused fury among campaigners for women's rights and a fear it will further erode trust in police. The National Police Chiefs' Council states: "Chief officers are advised to recognise the status of transgender colleagues from the moment they transition, the point at which they present in the gender with which they identify.  "Once a colleague has transitioned, they will search persons of the same gender as their own lived gender." The guidelines do state it may be "advisable" to replace the person carrying out the search if the suspect objects. But they add: "If the refusal is based on discriminatory views, consideration should be given for the incident to be recorded as a non-crime hate incident unless the circumstances amount to a crime." The advice, issued in December, was revealed by retired Superintendent Cathy Larkman, who said she was "absolutely gobsmacked" when she found out last week. She added: "The more I read it, the more shocked I was. This is a devastating blow to women's trust in the police. Women are not even an afterthought in this guidance, they are completely non-existent. Everything is geared towards the sensitivities of the officer doing the searching. "They claim they are trying to be inclusive but this isn't inclusive of women and doesn't respect their sex." Heather Binning, founder of the Women's Rights Network, said: "This shows why our Respect My Sex campaign is so important. "The so-called rights of people who say they are transgender are being used to systematically erode the legally protected rights of women.  "In any other context, if a man forced a woman to undress and intimately touched her without her consent he would be guilty of sexual assault. It is equally outrageous that any woman who objects to being strip-searched by a man could be accused of a hate crime." An NPCC spokesman said: "All searches are dealt with on a case-bycase basis based on the response of the detainee. "Searches take into account our responsibilities under both the Equalities Act 2010 and Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984." 