Photographs show the Princess Royal and her husband, Vice-Admiral Sir Tim Laurence boarding a private jet in Australia for their journey to Papua New Guinea. The trip marks the second leg of a royal tour organised as part of celebrations for Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee. The Queen’s daughter has just completed a whirlwind tour of Australia and now has a series of engagements planned while visiting Papua New Guinea. On Monday and Tuesday, Anne and her husband will tour the island nation, visiting Caritas Technical Secondary School, St John Ambulance, the Bomana War Cemetery, the Adventure Park Papua New Guinea and the National Museum and Art Gallery. During her trip, Anne will open a Women's Resource Centre at Vabukori Village and the National Cardiac Diagnostic Centre at Port Moresby General Hospital. She is also expected to meet elders and community leaders at Hanuabada Village during her two-day tour. While in Papua New Guinea, she will also lay a wreath at the Bomana War Cemetery on behalf of the Queen. The remains of 3,284 Commonwealth soldiers are buried at the cemetery. Concluding the trip, Anne will attend a dinner with Prime Minister James Marape and representatives from across the charity sector and business groups. The 71-year-old touched down in Australia on Saturday and undertook a jam-packed schedule over the course of her three-day tenure. READ MORE: Meghan Markle branded ‘figure of fun’ after taking on Queen On Saturday afternoon she made an appearance at the Sydney Royal Easter Show, which she first opened with her mother, brother and father in 1970. She was the guest of honour at the popular agricultural show, which celebrated its 200th anniversary over the weekend. Princess Anne, who is the patron of the Royal Agricultural Society of the Commonwealth, viewed stands and displays ahead of a planned dinner at Sydney Olympic Park. On Sunday, Anne and her husband met with representatives of the New South Wales Rural Fire Service as well as those affected by the bushfires which have impacted the regions in recent years. DON'T MISS Harry 'will go after' Camilla and Charles in new bombshell book [REVEAL] 'Useful idiot' Epstein's Prince Andrew snub exposed [INSIGHT]Fears Queen will miss key summer engagements [REPORT] The Queen’s daughter met with the families of fallen volunteer firefighters Geoff Keaton and Andrew O'Dwyer, who were among 34 people killed in the bushfire crisis. Melissa O’Dwyer, the widow of Andrew O’Dwyer, 35, said she was touched by the Princess’ interest after it was revealed that Anne had orchestrated the meeting. She also said the royal was well-informed and was interested in how the two families had coped, and how and where they lived. Following this, the couple then stopped off at the Sea Heritage Foundation in Waverton. Anne was greeted by Ellie McInnes and given a bunch of flowers by a young fan. Princess Anne's Australian trip concluded with a visit to the Royal Australian Corps of Signals and Royal Australian Corps of Transport on Monday. The trip is just one of the royal tours organised by the Firm to mark the Queen’s historic 70-year reign. So far, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall have visited the Republic of Ireland and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge recently returned from an eight-day visit to three Caribbean nations – Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas. Later this month, Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex will also undertake their own Caribbean tour. The Earl of Wessex and his wife will visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines from 22nd to 28th April.