The French President was addressing the nation in his victory speech, after securing a second five year term to lead his country. France emphatically rejected Marine Le Pen, as exit polls predicted Macron would secure 58 percent of votes. The leader of the National Rally party conceded defeat earlier on Sunday, but vowed to fight on.  Macron thanked French voters for placing their trust in him to bring about "a more independent, stronger France". He said: "I also know that many compatriots voted for me to block the ideas of the extreme right. "I want to thank them and tell them that I am aware that this vote obliges me for the years to come. "I am the guardian of their attachment to the Republic." In a conciliatory note to his opponent's supporters, the re-elected President promised to try and address their grievances. Macron continued: "I am no longer the candidate of some but the president of all.  "I know that for many of our compatriots who chose the far right, the anger and disagreement that led them to vote for this project, obliges us to find an answer. "We must respond effectively to the anger that has been expressed." Le Pen found it difficult to hide her bitter disappointment at the result, after harbouring hopes of causing a genuine upset to the status quo in French politics. The far-right politician had tried to focus her campaign on bread and butter issues, such as the cost of living crisis. She told her supporters: "We would of course have liked the result to be different. "With more than 43% of the vote, this represents a striking victory. Millions of our compatriots have chosen the Rassemblement National (National Rally party). READ MORE: Read why Macron's challenger Marine Le Pen admitted defeat "We are more determined than ever. I have no resentment. We will not forget the France that is forgotten. "The ideas that we represent have reached new heights. In this defeat, I can’t help but feel a hope." She vowed to continue her involvement in French politics and said she was now focusing on the upcoming parliamentary elections. Le Pen vowed: "This is not yet over. We declare the battle for parliament open.” The British Prime Minister was one of the first to extend his congratulations to his French counterpart. DON'T MISSKatya Adler outlines Le Pen huge ‘threat to EU’ [INSIGHT]'Don't want Macron and don't want Le Pen!' French voter exasperated [REVEAL]French election protests: Riots erupt as police clash with protestors [NEWS] Mr Johnson said he looked forward to cooperating with the French President on the burning issues facing the world today. The Prime Minister tweeted: "Congratulations to @EmmanuelMacron on your re-election as President of France. "France is one of our closest and most important allies. "I look forward to continuing to work together on the issues which matter most to our two countries and to the world."