The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe makes its debut on ITV tonight, April 17. The TV series is based on real events and it tells the story of John Darwin (played by Eddie Marsan). John and his wife Anne (Monica Dolan) claimed John's life insurance after he faked his own death and they lied to their sons in the process. The creators and cast of The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about the true story behind the series. John and Anne Darwin fooled the world when they convinced everyone John had died in a canoeing accident. He wanted to fake his own death so Anne could claim his life insurance and pay off their debt. As their plan escalated, they realised they would have to lie to their own sons about what happened to their father. Mark (Mark Stanley) and Anthony (Dominic Applewhite) were heartbroken when they were told they had lost their dad in tragic circumstances. READ MORE: How many episodes are in The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe? Writer Chris Lang was joined by actors Marsan and Dolan at a special screening for the series. During a question and answer session, they were asked about the news that one of the real Darwin sons had been on set when the show was being filmed. He had been wearing a disguise and Dolan said they had no idea until a few weeks later. She said: "He had come in a baseball cap," with Marsan added: "With a mask on, to watch." Dolan added: "We didn't actually know he was watching." Anne and her husband spent more than six years in prison after they were caught out. Their whereabouts had been given away as they were pictured at an estate agency office in Panama. The couple wanted to start a new life there, after John went into hiding. After spending time in prison, Anne rebuilt her relationship with her sons. Back in 2016, Mark Darwin spoke out in an interview about forgiving his mother. DON'T MISS... Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco recalls 'wild' slap by HBO co-star [INSIGHT] Antiques Road guests staggered as £200 is worth thousands of pounds [VIDEO] Yellowstone's Rip and Carter dinner scene had glaring continuity error [DISCUSSION] He told Mail on Sunday: "What I have gone through to get to a stage where I can forgive has been tough. "It’s taken deep thought and a difficult process of accepting her faults." The show's writer, Lang, explained how he did not want to underplay the things Anne did. He said: "We owed it to the sons, the real victims of John and Anne’s crimes, to be truthful. "I can’t imagine a greater betrayal than a mum telling you your dad is dead when she knows he is actually still alive. "Pretending to be grieving for five years, allowing them to grieve for five years – what would possess a mother to do that? It seems unthinkable to any parent." Actor Marsan said John's "narcissism" came through in the way he treated his sons. He added: "He had a very difficult relationship with his dad. "He wasn’t that emotionally attached to his father, so he didn’t realise his sons would be that attached to him. "Narcissists think everyone is like them. John lacked empathy. When he actually listened to his sons’ grief, he was shocked by it." The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe airs tonight on ITV at 9pm.