Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is already making a mockery of Gary Neville's Premier League predictions. The Manchester United legend reckoned his old club would fare much better this campaign against their rivals. Neville might want to change his Premier League predictions prior to the season's start with Liverpool making him look a bit silly. Klopp is taking Manchester City all the way in the title race. Liverpool and City will meet this Wednesday in an absolute blockbuster clash between the table toppers. Whoever wins might consider themselves favourites to go on and lift the trophy this campaign. And that is down to the sheer brilliance of both sides who have been blowing teams away all season. No one else can keep up with the two Premier League titans, who also have high hopes in the Champions League. City sit at the top of the table on 73 points while Liverpool are on 72 after 30 games played. Chelsea are the next team below in third on 59 points - 23 behind. It just shows how far away the two teams are while recent history would back that up, as well. City have won three of the last four Premier League titles, Liverpool winning the other while one of the two will be the winners this season as well. So Neville's prediction that the Reds would end up fourth at the end of the year - behind his beloved United - is nothing but mystifying and Klopp is making a mockery of that prediction every week as his side march on. Liverpool have not lost in the Premier League since December 28 after a 1-0 defeat to Leicester. Speaking to Sky Sports, the ex-England international explained why he put the Red Devils ahead of Liverpool. He said: "I just think they've got a better squad. "I think Liverpool have got a better first XI but you know Liverpool, with a couple of injuries, do have that drop in level. United don't really have that drop in level in any position." Jamie Carragher, who had his old club runners-up behind City, moved to defend the Reds. He said: "I don't mean to be disrespectful, I think the managers of the other teams have got the pedigree of top clubs, winning Champions Leagues, so I think managers do make a huge difference. "I think Liverpool have a better team, a better manager, they only finished six points behind United last season despite having no centre backs for most of the season. And I think maybe Liverpool are going under the radar and some people - myself included - are forgetting how good they were for a couple of years."