Ralf Rangnick has complaints about four specific Manchester United players ahead of the Erik ten Hag era, according to reports. The Red Devils’ season hit a new low on Saturday when they were beaten 3-1 by Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium. And a big summer of change, clearly, can’t come soon enough. Manchester United are preparing for the start of the Ten Hag era after it was confirmed the Dutchman would be taking over at Old Trafford this summer. And The Mirror say Rangnick is preparing a dossier to present to his successor at the end of the campaign. This is apparently because chiefs John Murtough and Richard Arnold have asked the 63-year-old to ensure his successor is well-informed when he takes charge. And four players are set to be criticised more than other players at the German’s disposal. Rangnick apparently ‘doesn’t rate’ Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Eric Bailly and Phil Jones. Wan-Bissaka has gone backwards this term, with the former Crystal Palace star behind Diogo Dalot in the club’s pecking order. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Bailly and Jones have never fulfilled their potential having arrived from Villarreal and Blackburn in 2016 and 2011 respectively. Furthermore, Rangnick has complaints over Victor Lindelof as well. The Sweden international started against Arsenal but endured a troublesome day at the office, with Eddie Nketiah exploiting his lack of pace. Rangnick feels the former Benfica star’s decisiveness and positioning leave plenty to be desired. And he also thinks club captain Harry Maguire, who was benched for the showdown at the Emirates, has been made a scapegoat for their dire campaign. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Now, Ten Hag will address each and every player he inherits. And who he keeps, and who he chooses to show the door, is something only time will tell. Meanwhile, Ajax striker Sebastian Haller has opened up on what the departing Ten Hag has told his players ahead of the end of the Eredivisie season. “What he’s like is like just working with a professional,” Haller told Sky Sports. “Someone really professional and into his job. Nothing is by random, he’s ready for every situation, so he’ll give safety to the players. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He’s just said he’s going to move. “It’s professional now, so we need to finish the season, he’s aware of that and really focused on this goal for us, and then he has time to speak about his next move. “A top coach is always good for the Premier League, but nothing is easy to say. “It depends how it will go and how much confidence he will have, and the freedom he will have as well.” Ten Hag will inherit egos at United - but he’s adamant he’s got what it takes to deal with them. “I think so,” he said when asked if they’ll be manageable in the Premier League. “But I will remain myself in that too. I will not change my view on coaching. "The material always determines how you play, but I indicate the requirements that come with it and the standards. “I tell who has what task and who does not meet it, will be told that, regardless of who it is. “I make no concessions in that regard.