With growing concerns at Tottenham Hotspur that Antonio Conte could walk away from his role as manager, the club will be banking on a successful summer transfer window to keep the Italian happy. Spurs are a sprinkling of top talent away from being able to return to the top four – assuming they keep Harry Kane. Jesse Lingard is out of contract at Manchester United at the end of the season and looks incredibly unlikely to extend his stay at his boyhood club, which will be music to the ears of Conte. The England international was linked with a move to Spurs in the January transfer window but a deal never materialised, though football.london have reported that Tottenham have spoken to Lingard’s representatives. Lingard seems an ideal option for Conte given that he can play anywhere along the front line or as a no.10, just like fellow transfer target Paulo Dybala. The Juventus forward is also set to become a free agent and could relish the opportunity to finally complete a move to the North London outfit, having previously almost joined Spurs in 2019. Mundo Deportivo reports that Dybala is keen to move to Atletico Madrid, but Spurs have registered their interest and will be hoping they can persuade the Argentine to change his mind. Another star who Conte will be hoping to persuade to join him at Tottenham is Adama Traore, who snubbed the club in January. JUST IN: Salah will do 'everything' to join Barca as Liverpool issue 'threat' The Spaniard opted to join Barcelona on a loan to buy deal earlier this year as he reportedly wasn’t fond of the idea of playing wingback at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, especially as Barca club president Joan Laporta has revealed that the club may not be able to match Wolves’ asking price for the 26-year-old. Although Matt Doherty is in flying form in the role, the electric pace of Traore down the right would be a priceless asset for Conte. Though if Conte is willing to adjust his plans to sign Traore and deploy him as an attacker, signing Middlesbrough defender Djed Spence would be a terrific coup for Conte. The 21-year-old has impressed out on loan at Nottingham Forest and the Evening Standard says that talks have already begun between Spurs and the wingback. Lautaro Martinez was linked with a move away from Inter Milan last summer, though the Serie A outfit were not willing to let both him and Romelu Lukaku, who joined Chelsea, leave in the space of a matter of months. Though that may now change as Gianluca Di Marzio told Wettfreunde that Spurs are tempted to reignite their interest in the striker, having previously agreed on a £60m move for the Argentine before Chelsea arrived with their offer for Lukaku. It remains to be seen whether a move for the 24-year-old would be because Conte needs to replace Kane rather than find a strike partner for the England captain. Martinez has scored 14 goals in 27 Serie A appearances so far this season and has flourished under Conte previously so the opportunity to work with the manager again may prove too good of an opportunity to pass up on. Another star who has been linked with reuniting with Conte is Inter centre-back Stefan De Vrij, who is valued at £17m by the club according to several reports. The defender has excelled in Conte’s 3-4-3 system previously and for such a cut-price figure, it is well within the reach of Spurs as they look to build a strong defence that can play out from the back.