BBC presenter Sam Quek recently welcomed her second child with her husband Tom Mairs. The 33-year-old became pregnant with baby number two just seven months after welcoming her young daughter Molly. The former Olympic hockey player caused a stir as she shared the true reality of being a mum as she confessed to "keeping it real". The Question of Sport star took to Twitter today and shared a candid snap of her struggles. The mum-of-two posted a photo that showcased the side effects of breastfeeding that many women can relate to - a soaked t-shirt. In view of her 201,000 followers, Sam shared a selfie where she sported a shocked expression on her face. READ MORE: 'I'm a jealous person' Emma Willis banned husband Matt from Strictly The on-screen star sported a navy blue t-shirt where her leaked breastmilk could visibly be seen through her top. She captioned the post: "#NewMumProblems #KeepItReal." The presenter was inundated with messages from her legion of followers. Twitter user, Charlotte Todd commented: "That’s just made me laugh so much and brought back similar memories."  Sam replied: "Bad innit." Sue Searson reacted: "Ha. I remember those days even though 30 years ago. I had an incident in a restaurant whilst wearing a satin blouse." The BBC host replied: "Been there too!" Stephen Clark remarked: "Haha. I have forwarded to my daughter who is expecting her first in July." DON'T MISS... Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue[LATEST]Ricky Gervais accused of 'lying' about After Life dog's death[TV]Lewis Hamilton risks sparking neighbours' fury in 'plans to cut trees'[SPORT] "I remember those days. Used to have to wear a few breast pads to try and stop it coming through," Dawn added. Sam recently opened up about her family after she became a mum for the second time. The former sports champion admitted that the arrival of their second baby came as a surprise for the couple after she suffered a miscarriage. "It was a surprise, but we didn’t stop it happening, if that makes sense," Sam explained. "We did discuss after Molly that we’d like kids close together and what close together meant." She continued: "My close together was 18 months and I wanted to start trying after Christmas. But Tom’s close together was to start trying after my six-week check!" Speaking to The Mirror in a joint interview in October, her husband Tom commented: "We tried for 18 months to two years with Molly and had the miscarriage. "As Molly had taken so long, we decided we wouldn’t stop trying but we wouldn’t start using the ovulation charts and being regimented like last time until after Christmas." He added: "It turns out we’re super-fertile now! I was shocked." 