Ukrainian marine Serhiy Volyna asked for help from “all world leaders” as he warned forces defending the besieged city of Mariupol are on their last leg. “Take us [Ukrainian soldiers and civilians] to a third party state”, begged the Ukrainian soldier as the situation in Mariupol is out of control after over a month of continued attacks from Russia's forces.   Speaking from Mariupol, Mr Volyna said: “This is our appeal to the world. "This could be the last appeal of our lives. “We are probably facing our last days, if not hours”, the marine added while looking at the camera. Referring to the ongoing intensification of Russian troops in Mariupol, he explained: “The enemy is outnumbering us 10 to one." The Ukrainian soldier continued: “[Russian forces] have advantage in the air, in artillery, in their forces on land, in equipment, and in tanks. “We are defending our object, the Azovstal plant where in addition to military personnel, there are also civilians who have fallen victim to this war." He added: “We appeal and plead to all world leaders to help us. “We ask them to use the procedure of ‘extraction’ and take us to the territory of a third party state. READ MORE:Best fighter jets in world: Top war planes ranked “All of us Mariupol military battalion of soldiers, more than 500 wounded and hundreds of civilians including women and children." “We plead to take us to safety on a territory of third party state. Thank you." The video follows live updates from Ukraine that seem to confirm that Russian troops are significantly intensifying their occupation in the southeastern areas of Ukraine. In light of the reports, the UK Ministry of Defence has today provided updates confirming that fighting in the Donbas region and in the city of Mariupol have intensified. DON'T MISS: Brexit fury as Boris fails to help UK firms 'understand paperwork' [WATCH]EU nation becomes first in bloc to cut ties with Russian gas [LISTEN]'Stupid, stupid' Remainers erupt at airport queues [INSIGHT]  The port city of Mariupol represents a central target for Russian forces and if occupied it could allow Russia to take full control of more than 80% of Ukraine’s Black Sea coastline, a territory in close contact with Europe. In light of the Russian advance and intensification of Russian troops in Mariupol and other southeast regions of Ukraine, President Zelensky has sent a request to Western leaders to provide Ukrainian soldiers with additional weapons. “Intensity of fire by Russian troops in the southeast of Ukraine has increased significantly”, the Ukrainian president reiterated. With the intent to urge Western leaders to send additional military aid, he said: “If Ukraine had same weapons as Russia, the war would have ended by now”. In the wake of the request, US President Joe Biden said he will be announcing a new military aid package for Ukraine.  