Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has admitted he might not have a right-back option available in Tuesday's Champions League semi-final against Real Madrid. The La Liga champions-elect visit the Etihad Stadium in the first leg and could profit from the hosts' glaring issue. Kyle Walker and John Stones are injury doubts for the clash. Walker will likely be absent, having not trained since twisting his ankle in the quarter-final second leg against Atletico Madrid. Meanwhile, a natural centre-back, Stones can fit in on the right but was absent in Saturday's 5-1 win against Watford. And with Joao Cancelo suspended for one match after picking up a yellow card last time out at the Wanda Metropolitano, Guardiola might not have a single senior player with experience at right-back at his disposal. On Monday, he admitted that he will have to wait until as late as matchday to select his team due to doubts over his defenders. He told reporters: "We have a training session today, and we will see how the players are. Tonight, tomorrow, we will decide the lineup. I'll wait for the training session to see how they feel. I'm sure players will play in positions they aren't used to, but they will do their best." JUST IN: Tottenham get free run at Pochettino with Real Madrid 'not interested' The City boss also confirmed that Walker and Stones are unlikely to feature amid heightening worries about his options against Los Blancos. "They are doubts. They didn't train for the last week to 10 days and John since Brighton," Guardiola responded when explicitly asked about Walker and Stones' fitness. "We'll see how they feel. We'll speak to them tomorrow and then make the decision." A possible outcome is Nathan Ake or Oleksandr Zinchenko moving to right-back, but they would face a daunting test against Vinicius Jr., enjoying his best campaign at Real yet. READ MORE: Ronaldo scored a really dodgy penalty when Man Utd rocked Spurs 5-2 Despite City's dilemma ahead of the Real clash, Guardiola has stressed that his side must defend well against an undisputed threat at the Etihad Stadium. The Catalan coach has pinpointed Karim Benzema as a dangerman who must be silenced if he's to reach his fourth Champions League final. He added: "In the two games against Sporting and the first game against Atletico, we played not to concede. In the second leg, we couldn't have conceded; they were better. We have to defend well. Benzema has scored a lot of goals in his career; [he's a] fantastic player. We will have to defend well and create chances to score." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.