Experts have said mowing your lawn once a week could greatly reduce the symptoms of hay fever this year. Hay fever is one of the most common allergies in the UK, with one in four people suffering from cold-like symptoms such as itchy eyes, a runny nose, congestion, and sneezing. Symptoms increase in the garden, due to increased exposure to pollen. Carlos Real, gardening expert and managing director of TotalLawn explained how to get your garden allergy-free. Maintain your lawn The grass is the number one suspect for your hayfever symptoms, according to the expert. "Grass is the most common cause of hay fever as grass pollen scatters in the wind," Carlos said. "The best way to beat the symptoms is by mowing your lawn regularly (we’d recommend once a week) to prevent the grass from flowering, as it will produce less pollen." READ MORE: How to grow 'tall, bushy sweet peas': British mum with stunning garden has 'weekly' rules Wetting the garden can also help to keep the pollen down, meaning symptoms will be less severe. Carlos said: "Wetting down grass before gardening and edging your garden area with stones will help to keep allergens at bay, too." It is also a good idea, if possible, to limit the plants in your garden most likely to cause hayfever symptoms. These plants are those pollinated via the wind. DON'T MISS'A fighting chance': Give your plants the best defence against slugs [HOW TO] 'So easy': Gardener's World guru's garden must-have seeds [PLANTS] Essential guide to dahlia cuttings: Follow the golden rules [MARK LANE] Carlos said: "Hay fever is caused by an allergic response to allergens such as pollen and dust mites, so the key to making gardens allergy-friendly lies in selecting the right plants/trees. "Wind-pollinated plants transfer light particles of pollen that are easily inhaled, whereas insect-pollinated plants produce heavier pollen that isn’t as easily airborne. "It’s best to avoid planting trees like ash, oak, hazel, horse chestnut, and sycamore, and instead opt for plants with showy flowers like iris, delphinium, lobelia, and geranium – they’ll brighten up your garden too. "Or, opt for a fruit tree, as apple, cherry, pear, and plum trees are amongst those with the lowest allergens." Some flowers are much worse than others when it comes to causing hay fever symptoms. Sadly, some of the most popular are the worst offenders. Worst plants for hay fever However, some flowers can be better for those with hay fever, making little to no pollen. They are: Best plants for hay fever