Water sign Scorpio is the eighth sign of the zodiac and encompasses those born between October 23 and November 21. This is what Scorpio is like in love, according to astrology. For those looking for a relaxed, noncommittal relationship with Scorpio, think again. "Ruled by fiery Mars and destructive Pluto, a Scorpio in love has one mode for relationships - and that's full-on." Scorpio adores "romance and passion" but is far from wearing rose-tinted glasses when it comes to love. Relishing in all relationships have to offer, including the "up-all-night fights", Scorpio will not shy away from a lovers' tiff - or full-blown screaming match. READ MORE: Horoscopes April 2022: Russell Grant's reading for your star sign  "Scorpio never does anything halfway, and believes that true love comes with true fights." During the courting stage, it may appear that Scorpio is taking a backseat, but this is not the case. "Flirtatious, seductive, and mysterious, Scorpio loves playing hard to get initially, and may look like they never take the lead. This isn't true, though. This sign likes to work hard behind the scenes so that all their relationship dreams come true. "Scorpio can pull the strings, relying on body language and subconscious cues to make their potential partner do exactly what they want them to do." Going on a date with Scorpio? Prepare to be wooed. "Scorpio loves the chase, and loves the drama and pageantry that comes with initial dates. "They love going all out with outfits, reservations, and candles and truly want to be the best date you've ever had." But despite the splendour of their dating game, Scorpio can be "cautious" when it comes to settling down into a long term relationship. "That's because water sign Scorpio hides a lot of emotion underneath their surface, and when they open up to a significant other, they want it to be for life." There's nothing casual about a relationship with Scorpio; they often date for marriage because in their opinion, 'What's the point otherwise?'. "When a Scorpio does let their guard down, it's a big deal, and a sign they truly want the relationship to last." The most promising love matches that can keep up with fiery Scorpio are Cancer, Aquarius and Taurus. "Passionate and in tune with their emotions, Cancer and Scorpio can have an almost psychic connection, and Cancer's innate understanding of Scorpio can help avoid any hurt feelings." As for an Aquarius-Scorpio pairing, while they make an "odd match", with Aquarius valuing "sociability" over Scorpio's "quiet nights at home", the love match somehow works. "Cool Aquarius can provide the pragmatism that Scorpio needs to diffuse some of their intense emotions." However, "often, Aquarius will feel limited by Scorpio, while Scorpio feels pushed in directions they aren't comfortable going". When it comes to the dynamic between Taurus and Scorpio, "it's true that opposites attract". "Grounded earth sign Taurus may initially seem too staid for intense Scorpio, but this match can last precisely because Taurus won't get drawn into any drama. "But watch out: jealousy, obsession, and stubbornness could blow out this flame."