Minister for the Armed Forces James Heappey has announced the UK is set to provide military training and precision weapons to Ukrainian soldiers. The MP for Wells in Somerset declared 120 armoured vehicles will be sent to Ukraine to be used defensively against invading Russian forces. Speaking with Nick Ferrari of LBC, Mr Heappey said the UK is also set to offer training in advanced “weapon systems” to Ukrainian force members arriving in the country over the next few days.  Mr Ferrari welcomed the news as “tremendous,” and applauded the continued UK military aid afforded to Ukraine, The Tory MP revealed the UK would be moving into the next stage of a military aid programme for Ukraine. The announcement follows a meeting of President Volodymyr Zelensky and Prime Minister Boris Johnson during a visit to Kyiv earlier this week. The Minister for the Armed Forces boasted of “more anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapon systems,” the UK is planning to provide. In order to prepare the Ukrainian military, a number of troops are scheduled to arrive in the UK to receive dedicated instruction on how to “drive and command,” the 120 armoured vehicles dedicated to Ukraine.    Mr Heappey celebrated the “precision, guided weapons,” the UK will use to arm to defend Ukrainian forces. Mr Ferrari declared the Minister’s decision to be “fantastic news,” in the fight to stop Putin’s invading Russian forces. He praised the Government’s plan of “training Ukrainian blokes and women on our kit here in the UK.” Despite the withdrawal of Russian troops from regions around Kyiv, the fight burns on in Eastern Ukraine as Zelensky pleads for greater European support. Read more: Zelensky says Ukrainians deported to Russian concentration camps Prime Minister Boris Johnson shocked the nation with a surprise trip to Ukraine to meet with leader President Zelensky over the weekend. The Prime Minister has since pledged to provide greater military supplies to Ukrainian forces, including the armoured vehicles highlighted by the Minister for the Armed Forces. President Zelensky has thanked the UK for their ongoing support during the war and for the Prime Minister’s personal visit to Kyiv. A spokesperson for Number 10 declared the visit was a symbol of “the UK’s steadfast solidarity with Ukraine,” in the face of Russian violence. Don't miss:Putin prepares tens of thousands of troops for brutal new onslaught [INSIGHT]Ukrainians hospitalised after Russia reportedly drops chemicals [REPORT]Boris and Volodymyr are brothers in arms [COMMENT] Mr Johnson has outlined a clear military assistance programme for Ukraine, set to provide over “£100 million worth of high-grade military equipment”. Number 10 declared the support package comes at a “crucial phase” in the conflict as “Russia’s illegal assault continues”. Beyond military support, the Prime Minister has confirmed an additional “£385 million in World Bank lending to Ukraine,” which will fund essential humanitarian efforts in the country. The Prime Minister announced “the United Kingdom stands unwaveringly with [Ukraine] in this ongoing fight, and we are in it for the long run.”  