On the BBC programme Scam Interceptors, presenter Ray Wilding explained the scam which targets the “elderly, more vulnerable people in society,” and what Britons should be aware of. Mr Wilding explained that the online shopping scam starts with a phone call out of the blue. There will be an automated message telling victims that there has been a purchase on their Amazon accounts which could be suspicious activity. These people are then put through to the scammers who will ask for the victim's personal details in order to help them stop their account being defrauded. They will eventually tell victims to deposit their money “into a safe account” where their money will be ‘protected’. One of these calls was intercepted during the show this week. Journalist Nick Stapleton warned Paula, who had fallen victim to the phone calls. READ MORE Martin Lewis recommends overpaying mortgage based on interest rate but 'there's a caveat' “I’ve wasted so much time. I was on the phone with them for a long time. “They’ve even tried to call me back a few minutes ago.” Mr Stapleton urged her to hang up straight away if the fraudster tried to call her back. Amazon said it is trying to protect customers and Britons should report scams to the police. Mr Stapleton explained that the scammers were checking what time it was in the UK before making the call so they could target those who would be at home in the late morning, around 11am. They call at time because the type of people they want to reach are mostly people who are “retired, and are not going to work”. They call UK landlines to catch the “elderly, more vulnerable members of society who are not going to work every day,” he said. During the same episode scammers also tried to con caller Mr Thompson out of £7,999 in savings by convincing him that he had made a mistake. Mr Wilding said: “I think this is such a cruel part of this scam." Scammers posing as representatives of online retail giant Amazon are targeting the public via email and telephone in a series of phishing scams. Although the caller didn’t lose any money on this occasion, he did come close to falling for it as he was at work and a little distracted. The show's scam expert advised: “Never give anyone access to devices.“Be cautious about being contacted out of the blue. “Remove any software the scammers asked you to install.”