Fantastic news, that is, until you realise $800 MILLION is almost exactly the same sum EU countries have paid in blood money to President Putin on every single day of this awful war. When you extricate yourself from the self-serving, chin-stroking "well there's complex economics at play you know...." drivel and stand back a little, this is as jaw-dropping as it is unforgivable. As if the Allies had funded Hitler as his Panzers rolled across France.And, ironically, spearheading this pump-priming cast iron guarantee that Putin will get the war and the victory he wants - war crimes, rape, butchery and all - is Germany.Germany, for so long the self-appointed conscience of the EU, is now mired in the blood of Ukrainians.Funding Russia is a choice, and Germany - and especially her Chancellor Olaf Scholz and President Frank-Walter Steinmeier - have made that choice. Sadly too, if recent polls are to be believed, have the German people.The world is now waking up to a new Germany. Not the efficient, decisive, moral Germany we have known for the last half century but a Germany stumbling from crisis to crisis (ably abetted by the EU of course) looking increasingly confused, divided and utterly bereft of moral or political authority. It has become clear Angela Merkel, for so long every German's "Mutti" with her outward appearance of firm but fair homeliness and economic, almost wifely, prudence was actually quietly selling the Germans down the river - not least with her suicidal energy policy which now sees Berlin at the top of the EU tree paying billions in blood money to fund Putin's war.Merkel's wrong-headed policies of attempting to turn murderous fascist dictators into thoroughly decent coves by simply trading with them and her penchant for that old school German atomkraft nein danke now look like the worst kind of drippy hippyism.Shutting down perfectly viable nuclear reactors while signing a Croesus-level oil and gas contract with the clearly despotic bastard child of Stalin and Hitler Angela? How'd that work out for you?And that is without dipping into just how deeply unsavoury the links between Olaf Scholz' ruling Social Democratic Party and the Kremlin are. One of the last acts of SDP Chancellor and self-declared friend of Putin Gerhard Schroeder was to sign the deal creating the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project. Soon after, surprise surprise, he became chairman of the company behind it – the first of several directorial positions he has taken at Russian energy companies. Of course Germany is not alone in funding Putin's war crimes, for that take a bow Italy and frankly the entire EU, but Germany is the biggest offender, the least apologetic and the most confused and dithering. If Germany could find the backbone to take the moral and political lead to switch off Russian gas and oil other EU member states would be obliged to fall in line. Dithering is famously not the German way - decisive and organised is, whether in football, business, or indeed warfare.But things have changed. The nation under Chancellor Olaf Scholz has so far faced down the greatest acts of barbarism on European soil since Hitler popped the lid on his can of four star with all the grit, dependability and stoicism of a particularly flaky apfelstrudel.Germany's initial offer to help Ukraine's fight to the death against Russia's 6,257 nuclear warheads, 12,400 tanks, 3,863 aircraft and countless thousands of conventional missiles was to offer a consignment of tin hats.Kyiv’s mayor Vitali Klitschko responded bitterly wondering if Scholz might send over some pillows too.Since then Germany has repeatedly raised the prospect of sending heavier weaponry then gutlessly withdrawn it. To the despair of Ukraine.This seems baffling, as poll after poll shows the German public does back sending serious hardware to Ukraine.Similar polls however are less conclusive over the axing of Russian gas and oil. The Germans (if the polls are right) simply don't want to be inconvenienced. And yes there is no doubt closing the taps on Russian gas and oil would hit the German economy - but tough luck. When you knowingly make a pact with the devil there's always a price to pay, in this case Germany's GDP contracting by two to three percent, a notable but manageable spike in unemployment, and obviously disruption to gas supplies (though not so much to oil supplies). Most experts agree Germany's economy could shrug it off - short term uncomfortable yes, catastrophic no. Germany's apologists for continued use of Russian fuels will tell you economic sanctions never won a war. But of course they did, not least the Cold War. But sanctions, like war, need to be total to be effective. And this puts a moral imperative on Berlin to take a lead on Russian gas and oil and axe them now. The bombs are falling on Mariupol now, the butchery is happening in Bucha now, the slaughter of civilians is happening in Kharkiv now - Ukrainians cannot wait for some dithering half-cocked German plan to wind down its monstrous payments to Putin over months and years. Clemens Fuest head of the Munich-based economic think tank the IFO institute probably spoke for the entire civilised world when he said yesterday: “If halting gas imports from Russia makes sense, then do so immediately.” Well said Herr Fuest.