Ferrari’s Leclerc and Red Bull’s Verstappen will go head to head again in Sunday’s Italian Grand Prix. The pair have contested the win in all three races this season, with Leclerc coming out on top on two occasions. Leclerc already boasts a significant lead in the Drivers’ Championship — he is 34 points ahead of Mercedes’ George Russell in second, and 46 points ahead of last season’s winner Verstappen. The Red Bull man has failed to finish the last two races, and the pressure is mounting ahead of this weekend’s race at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix at Imola, the closest track to the Ferrari factory on this year’s schedule. Though Verstappen and Leclerc have shown each other respect off the track, things have not always been so friendly between the two, as revealed by unearthed footage from 2012. The pair had both just been disqualified from a karting race after coming into contact in the closing stages and “even after the finish line”. A raging Verstappen is filmed storming away from the scene with his father Jos closely behind. READ MORE: Hamilton has Arsenal tattoo as F1 star ‘pledges £10m to Chelsea deal' Verstappen fumed: “No, he’s just unfair. “I’m leading, he wants to pass, he pushed me. I push him back and after he pushed me off the track, it’s not fair, huh?” The World SuperKart Euro Series host then quickly tracked down Leclerc, just 14 at the time, to hear his version of events. When asked what had happened, Leclerc replied: “Nothing, it’s just an incident in the race.” The WSK Euro Series is a European kart racing competition with notable winners including Verstappen, Leclerc and Lando Norris. Verstappen’s karting days were brief, however, as he soon became F1’s youngest ever driver in 2015, aged 17 years and three days. Leclerc, in contrast, took F1’s feeder series GP3 and Formula 2 by storm, winning them both before joining Verstappen on the F1 circuit in 2018. By then, Verstappen had already joined Red Bull and had three race wins under his belt. DON'T MISS:Toto Wolff gives ‘all credit’ to Ferrari for pulling off engine trick [QUOTES]Lewis Hamilton has Imola hopes shot down as Toto Wolff explains [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton hopes played down by Toto Wolff [NEW] Lewis Hamilton was the dominant force in the sport at this point, buth Verstappen and Leclerc’s rivalry opened up a new dynamic in the sport. The two squared off in the Austrian Grand Prix in 2019, with Verstappen forcing Leclerc off the track at turn two in order to hold his lead and secure victory. Leclerc got his own back weeks later at Silverstone, sending the Red Bull driver off the track on multiple occasions. The 2022 season has seen their rivalry move back to a whole new level. After two seasons largely in the wilderness, Ferrari have used a struggling Mercedes to their advantage and put themselves firmly in the driving seat for a title shot. Ahead of this weekend’s Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, Leclerc discussed the rivalry. He said: “It is going to be very close. It has always been very close. “In karting, it was either me or him and that's why we hated each other at one point because very often it didn't end in the best way possible.” Verstappen also addressed the rivalry, telling reporters that he has not changed his driving style at all. He said: “I race exactly like I always race because that is how I am. “Everyone is different in their defence and their attack, and so far Charles and I race very well together because we know where we want to place the car and how much room we need to leave for each other. That works out really well for both of us. “Charles is aggressive, too, and you can clearly see that. We have nice battles, but we don't touch.” Coverage of the Italian Grand Prix begins at 1:55pm at Sky Sports F1.