Former boxing great Carl Froch believes Dillian Whyte can stun the world and upset heavyweight champion Tyson Fury when the two Brits contest the WBC title in front of a sold-out Wembley Stadium on Saturday night. Fury hasn’t fought since he retained his title against Deontay Wilder in their epic grudge trilogy match in October 2021. Fury, who will be fighting in the UK for the first time since he defeated Francesco Pianeta in 2018, is the heavy favourite to successfully defend his title against Whyte. Across his professional boxing career, Fury has compiled a record of 31 wins and one draw - the controversial draw against Wilder in their first bout - while he is yet to lose. It means the 33-year-old is the heavy favourite to retain his WBC title on Saturday, although Whyte will be no slouch. The Brit has a record of 28-2 that includes 19 knockouts, showcasing his tremendous power. While former super-middleweight champion Froch is backing Fury to emerge from the clash with his title still intact, he does believe that Whyte does have a chance however. The Brixton Body Snatcher has been waiting for a title chance for years, and he finally gets his shot this weekend. READ MORE: Dillian Whyte clears up Tyson Fury knockout sparring rumours ahead of blockbuster clash Whyte has waited quietly for his opportunity to battle it out for the WBC belt as he was the mandatory challenger to Wilder in 2018 only to see the Bronze Bomber opt to take on Fury in what became a trilogy. Whyte heads into the fight after recently avenging his defeat against Alexander Povetkin, comfortably crushing the Russian in four rounds after being knocked out seven months earlier. “It's a great fight. I think Dillian Whyte has a chance, but I'm picking Fury to win,” Carl Froch told iFL TV. “Fury is tall, awkward, rangey, light on his feet, and he's got more experience at the level in terms of self-belief. “His fights with Deontay Wilder have really taken him to the next level. I just think that it's going to be difficult for Whyte to beat Fury, but he's in the fight, Whyte is, and he has a massive chance. He's a decent puncher, and he'll have trained his best for this. Good preparation fights to build up for it.” DON'T MISSTyson Fury hints at retirement announcement after Dillian Whyte fightDavid Haye faces 'commentary ban' after backing Dillian Whyte upsetTyson Fury's dad slams David Haye in explosive interview In order to come away with a sensational victory, Froch believes Whyte will have to perform better than he did against Derek Chisora and Joseph Parker, who he fought before taking on Povetkin. Froch added: “His fight with Chisora was a tough one for him, and his fight with [Joseph] Parker was tough. “When you look at those performances against those level of fighters, you can't put those performances as a winning performance against Fury. But it's on the night and you don't know what's gone off before the fight and how the camp's been in the sparring and how his mindset's been. “He's been waiting for a long time for this. I think you're going to see the best of Dillian Whyte. If you don't see the best of Tyson Fury as well there could be an upset on the cards.”