Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose real name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one of the groups, a Facebook user shared her unique hack for cleaning tile grout which is using bleach mixed with bicarbonate of soda and washing up liquid. Gemma Louise said in a post: “Okay, so self-shaming here. “I have lived with this floor for five years and I use bleach and hot water most days to clean it. “But I always thought the grout was dark as per left picture. “I thought I would give the grout a good clean, and it appears the grout is actually light grey. “I used bleach mixed with bicarbonate of soda and washing up liquid and used a toothbrush to rub into the grout. READ MORE: Mould: Best houseplants to get rid of mould in your bathroom “Left for half hour or so, then scrubbed and cleaned.” Gemma’s photos showed her tile grout before and after using the solution. Before, the grout was grubby and grey, afterwards, the grout appears to be white. Gemma explained later on: “I used a small coffee cup with 50/50 bicarbonate of soda and bleach with a small squirt of washing up liquid.” Gemma’s post was inundated with comments from people who said they were planning on trying the hack themselves.  DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of spiders - ‘repels them’ [INSIGHT]Inside Kate Middleton's childhood home that sold for £500,000 in 2011 [UPDATE]Steps to achieve a ‘lush lawn’ by summer - ‘perfect time’ [ANALYSIS] Emilia Hertzberg said: “Must actually try this because my kitchen floor is the exact same and just assumed it's supposed to look like that.” Julie Jools replied: “Wow who would have thought it.” Delilah Russo commented: “Thanks for the tips. I’m moving to a new house with tiled floors and I suspect they are the same. “I’ve never had a tiled floor before so I’m going to try this.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Stacy Coyle replied: “That is so satisfying!” Jill Skinner said: “Wow mine are like this too.” Jade Alexandra suggested: “Might try this in my shower.” Dri-pak Clean & natural Bicarbonate of soda costs £2 from B&Q. Wilko Original Bicarbonate of Soda costs £1.75. Domestos Ultra White & Sparkle Bleach costs £1 from Wilko. Morrisons Original Thick Bleach is just 49p. Other Mrs Hinch fans shared their hacks for cleaning grout. Angie Wiltshire said: “If using bleach, use cold water, as hot water stops the effectiveness of the bleach.” Michelle Cooke replied: “I do this with Cif cream.  “But your method seems more effective. Will give this a go now. Thank you.” Caroline Morrison wrote: “I used the Pink Stuff paste and a nail brush.” Laura Lacey said: “Use Pink Stuff on mine.” Keeley Jolliffe replied: “I just did mine today. Just used white Harpic and a toothbrush. “I’ve been wanting to do it for ages. The grout was black. “No judging but we've been here three years and it was like that when we moved in. “The grout is an off-white colour, like the floor tiles. It's made such a difference. “Can't believe I waited so long! Just got the kitchen to do now.”