Gentleman Jack is back for season two on BBC One, delving further into the love story of Anne Lister (played by Suranne Jones) and Ann Walker (Sophie Rundle). The period drama revolves mostly around Ms Lister's life juggling her ongoing relationship alongside her everyday dealings as a businesswoman. As the show comes from the real-life diaries of Anne Lister, actress Rundle has noticed that her character Walker has been edged out of the limelight as a result. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Gentleman Jack.Gentleman Jack originally made its debut in 2019 and instantly became an international hit. Fascinated by the series, the interest in Anne Lister and her code-written diaries has grown rapidly during this time. A statue of the woman herself was unveiled last year in the heart of Halifax and flocks of people gathered in the borough to commemorate Lister's 231st birthday earlier this month. However, the same attention hasn't been given to her life partner Ann Walker who also plays a key role in the BBC One drama. READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts Walker was also a wealthy landowner who called Crow Nest estate her home for several years. While she didn't have the business acumen that Lister did, Walker has become relatable to many viewers for her ongoing battle with depression and anxiety. Talking about Lister's diaries at the Gentleman Jack season two premiere, Rundle said: "I would always take it with a pinch of salt when she was talking about Ann Walker... like was she that annoying? "That was your job [creator Sally Wainwright] (to interpret the diaries) and then it's our job to come in and say what we think and that's the beautiful thing about making something like this because everyone collaborates." "We thought there was a portrait of her [Ann Walker] for a while but it wasn't her," Rundle continued. "I'm very proud to have brought her back into the public consciousness because she was a real woman and she also married a woman." Creator Sally Wainwright then went on to point out the blue plaque outside the Holy Trinity Church in York where Lister and Walker got married. However, the plaque is there to commemorate the life of Lister, stating in smaller print that this was where she took sacrament to "seal her union with Ann Walker". DON'T MISS...'Can't stand to look!' Meghan and Harry blasted over security row [ROYAL]Gentleman Jack fans fear Marian Lister will die after worrying cough [REACTION]What happened to the real Ann Walker? [EXPLAINER] In response, Rundle stated: "Again, we always sideline the wife, don't we? Even when it's two women, it's mental." Gentleman Jack returned for its second season on Sunday, April 10, with Walker moving into Shibden Hall to be with Lister. Her aunt greatly disapproved of this arrangement but the couple continued to go ahead with their relationship at the estate. Lister is pushing for Walker to change her will though so their romance could become even more legally binding since gay marriages were not then legalised. Gentleman Jack will return on Sunday, April 17, for season two, episode two. The synopsis for Two Jacks Don't Suit reads: "In France, Ann Walker is shocked by details about Anne Lister's complicated relationship with Mariana Lawton." But could this be the beginning of the end for the pair as Walker finds out more about Lister's past? Gentleman Jack season 2 continues every Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.