Jane Fonda, 84, made a daring admission as she reflected on season 3 of Grace and Frankie with co-star Lily Tomlin, 82. The pair revisited the Netflix comedy’s most memorable moments in the featurette Grace and Frankie: A Farewell to 7 Seasons with Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin. During the candid chat, Jane admitted she was a “big fan” of vibrators after fans sent her a large number of sex toys for Christmas. Speaking about the third season of the hit show, the two-time Oscar winner confessed: “I'm a big fan of vibrators.” She continued: “For Christmas, everybody sent me vibrators. "It's so funny, you should see my drawer next to my bed.” The Emmy-nominated series began in 2015 and instantly proved to be a hit among comedy fans. However, Netflix bosses have confirmed that the upcoming episodes will be the last. Jane and her co-star Lily said they were both “delighted and heartbroken” when they found out the hit comedy was set for a return for its final season. In the series, Jane portrays Grace, a cosmetics boss, while her real-life friend Lily plays Frankie, a quirky art teacher. The pair stunned on Saturday as they took the red carpet once more for the FYC event for their Netflix series. But despite her ageless visage, Jane has previously revealed that she has suffered from multiple health issues over the years, including osteoporosis, which runs in her family. The Hollywood star has had to undergo several replacement surgeries - on both knees and hips - in order to keep her osteoporosis at bay. Both her father and brother also suffer from the health ailment. DON'T MISS...Carol Kirkwood slams 'desperate' BBC critic urging her not to smile [LATEST]Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore [DEBATE] Gogglebox’s Malone family pulled aside at airport security after gaffe [LATEST] Speaking in 2019 about the condition, she told Vogue: “The fact that I hurt a lot – my body hurts – is a surprise to me, and it’s not because of all that working out. “It’s genetic. My father [Henry] had it, my brother [Peter] had it. “Your cartilage disappears and then it’s bone on bone, and then ‘ow’. “But we live in a time where you can just get a new one. “I was just starting a new relationship and I had to be able to kneel.” During a January 2018 visit to NBC's Today to promote the fourth season of Grace and Frankie, Jane revealed she had a cancerous growth removed. She had been spotted prior to the interview wearing a bandage on her bottom lip following the procedure. "I had a little cancer," she told hosts Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Kotb. "I'm going to be fine."