Manchester United will not be announcing the appointment of Erik ten Hag this week, according to reports. Ten Hag is yet to put pen to paper on a contract with United and hasn't decided his backroom staff. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano also claims the Red Devils are yet to make contact with Ajax regarding the £1.7million compensation fee they will have to pay to release the Dutchman from his contract. Therefore the formal announcement of his appointment is not set to be in the immediate future. The Athletic reported on Tuesday that there was a verbal agreement between United and Ten Hag for him to become the club's next permanent manager. United decided on Ten Hag as the best candidate last week and the 52-year-old has now seemingly accepted their offer. United have been without a permanent manager since sacking Ole Gunnar Solskjaer last November. Ralf Rangnick was appointed interim boss and will step aside at the end of the season, taking up a consultancy role at Old Trafford. READ MORE: Rudiger names two Real Madrid stars with 'individual class' who killed Chelsea  The German has not had the desired effect since taking over. United will finish a fifth-successive season without silverware and are off the pace in the race to finish in the Premier League top four. RB Leipzig are also interested in Ten Hag's services but it appears United have done enough to convince him to join. Dutch football expert Marcel van der Kraan says Ten Hag will be going out of his comfort zone to move to England. He said on Sky Sports News: "Well Erik ten Hag is a man who was born on the German border, he has worked in Germany, he knows the setup, he knows the league, every opponent, every club. It's a comfort zone for him. DON'T MISSPaul Pogba's bumper new Man Utd deal presents huge problem for Klopp and Liverpool [COMMENT]Erik ten Hag ‘reaching Man Utd agreement’ is bad news for five players [OPINION]Chelsea stat shows they should have beaten Real Madrid to reach Champions League semis [STATS]  "England on the contrary is not a comfort zone at all. He's not as fluent in English as he is in German, which is almost his second language, and the job he has at Manchester United is so much bigger than at Leipzig. "At Leipzig there's a clear structure, the hierarchy is clear, the setup around the team is clear and the ambitions of the club are clear. At Manchester United he has a massive job, he knows that, he's been informed, he gets told by the media, he gets told by his agents, by the people around him. "If he takes that on it is a major job and if you want to go into that job, everything has to be right. This is exactly where we can see the negotiations are taking so long." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 