Andy Murray is reportedly set to defend Wimbledon’s decision to ban Russian and Belarusian players. The All England Club confirmed this week that players from both countries will be denied entry to this year’s tournament following the invasion of Ukraine. Russia took the deadly decision to attack Ukraine by air, land and sea at the end of February, with major cities and regions being besieged ever since. Thousands of Ukrainians have since been killed, while more than 11 million people are now thought to have fled their homes. Russia has been universally condemned for its actions and the country has been heavily sanctioned. And its sports teams have been banned from competing by a string of governing bodies. But Wimbledon’s decision to ban Russian and Belarusian players has been slammed by some tennis stars who believe individual sportspeople shouldn’t pay the price for their country’s actions. But, according to the Daily Mail, Murray is prepared to speak up in defence of Wimbledon the next time he faces the press. JUST IN: Rublev discloses Wimbledon phone call with Russian players after ban   Murray is Britain’s most successful player in the Open era and has won a staggering 46 singles titles during his illustrious career. Three of those victories came at Grand Slams as he won Wimbledon in 2013 and 2016 after tasting glory at the US Open in 2012. And his support will surely come as a welcome boost to SW19 chiefs. “On behalf of the All England Club and the Committee of Management of The Championships, we wish to express our ongoing support for all those impacted by the conflict in Ukraine during these shocking and distressing times,” read a Wimbledon statement on Wednesday. “We share in the universal condemnation of Russia’s illegal actions and have carefully considered the situation in the context of our duties to the players, to our community and to the broader UK public as a British sporting institution. We have also taken into account guidance set out by the UK Government specifically in relation to sporting bodies and events. DON'T MISS:Djokovic battles through another scare to reach Serbia Open semi-finalWimbledon's Russian ban 'motivated by Kate Middleton risk'Ukraine's Kostyuk explains calls for Russia ban unless Putin denounced    “Given the profile of The Championships in the United Kingdom and around the world, it is our responsibility to play our part in the widespread efforts of Government, industry, sporting and creative institutions to limit Russia’s global influence through the strongest means possible. “In the circumstances of such unjustified and unprecedented military aggression, it would be unacceptable for the Russian regime to derive any benefits from the involvement of Russian or Belarusian players with The Championships. “It is therefore our intention, with deep regret, to decline entries from Russian and Belarusian players to The Championships 2022.” 