The vehicle travelled from near Stuttgart, Germany to the Mediterranean coastal town of Cassis, France. At the end of its journey, the EV concept still had 15 percent of charge left. The result suggests that the German car manufacturer is taking the fight to seize the technology limelight from Tesla to the next level. The EQXX prototype travelled from Sindelfingen, near Stuttgart, via Switzerland and Italy to the Mediterranean coastal town of Cassis, Mercedes said. The sedan's lightweight chassis and aerodynamic profile allowed it to complete the trip with a battery half the size of Mercedes' EQS flagship EV. Ola Kallenius, the CEO of Mercedes, said in a statement: “The EQXX is the most efficient Mercedes ever built. “The technology program behind it marks a milestone in the development of electric vehicles.” READ MORE:Drivers could be fined thousands if they don’t tell DVLA about changes The automaker is planning on spending £50billion until 2026 to fend off Tesla and win back the title of the world's best-selling luxury car maker from rival BMW Group. The company has a goal to sell only EVs, where possible, by the end of this decade and plans to set up eight battery factories with partners. After years of criticism for being late to adopt electric cars, the German manufacturer stepped up its game last year with the launch of the EQS, which boasts a driving range of up to 350 miles. Mercedes is also deepening its transformational push this year with the full-electric EQE sedan and the EQB SUV. DON'T MISSMotorist fuming after Asda driver reversed into car before driving off [SHOCKING] Driver fined £200 after calling French traffic warden ‘immigrant’ [INSIGHT] Parking the wrong way round at night could land drivers with a fine [WARNING] Yet when it comes to EV shipments, Tesla still leads the pack. With the EQXX, Mercedes is trying to show it can best Tesla on electric technology. The prototype made the trip at speeds of as fast as 87 mph and had 15 percent of charge left upon arrival. The car's battery features new chemistry developed with the help of Formula One experts from the Mercedes-AMG High Performance Powertrains division in the UK.  The plan is to deploy the cells in Mercedes compact cars starting in 2024. Mercedes cut the time to develop the EQXX by 18 months to about 40 months by relying on simulations and digital design tools rather than physical tests and parts manufacturing. Mercedes development chief Markus Schaefer said that modern cars need shorter lead times so they don't look outdated once they arrive in showrooms. Mr Schaefer added: “We need to keep up with what is going on on the software and technology side and that is a fast-changing industry. “We need to be fast in our developments, much faster than we were in the past.” The news comes after it was announced that the number of electric vehicles bought in the UK in March alone was higher than during the entirety of 2019. British drivers registered nearly 40,000 new electric vehicles last month. This in turn made March’s figures the highest on record for a single month. The data also marked a 79 percent increase from March 2021 and found that battery-powered cars now account for one in six registrations. The evidence of the soaring demand for battery-electric cars was provided by the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT), a lobby group. Across all of 2019, Britons bought 37,850 electric vehicles. In March 2022 alone there were 39,315 sales.