Kerry (played by Laura Norton) and Priya (Fiona Wade) were at each other's throats at the beginning of the last Emmerdale episode of the week after the latter planted a kiss on Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) recently. This led to his current love interest, Kerry, ending their relationship as she didn't want to be with a man who was willing to cheat on her and with his ex-fiancée on all accounts. However, by the end of the latest instalment of the ITV soap, the pair were back together but his possible demise in upcoming scenes could see his partner find comfort in the arms of someone she was least expecting to be there for her. After finding out about the kiss in Thursday night's episode, Kerry didn't want to hear another word from Al or Priya as she knew they were going to try and explain themselves. Fortunately for Priya, Belle Dingle (Eden Taylor-Draper) was willing to play peacemaker and get the two women in the same room. Building bridges did benefit her in a way as well as if Al's relationship was back on track, he could focus on developing his business with Belle. At first, Kerry was horrified to discover she had been duped by the two businesswomen but she was convinced to hear her love rival out. "Look, Kerry, I don't want Al," Priya said, to which the heartbroken villager replied: "That's alright, then. What a relief." READ MORE: Law and Order delay sparks backlash as NBC fails to air new episodes "Like you said, no regrets," Kerry bitterly hit back and when asked whether she had any regrets in life, she replied: "How long have you got?" "As long as you need," Priya replied, to which her love rival remarked: "You would love that, wouldn't you little miss perfect?" "That is not what I see when I look in the mirror," the mother of one said, explaining she should not have kissed Al and she felt great remorse for it. "We both agreed it was a huge mistake and Al doesn't want me either, you do know that?" she asked Kerry, who said: "Oh how could he not, for God's sake. "Look at you, you've got it all," she continued before the businesswoman listed off a number of challenges she faces in her life. "Kerry, I am in my 30s and I still live with my father. I have a string of failed relationships behind me, scars across my back which still keep me up at night," Priya explained. "And to top it all off, I have an ongoing eating disorder which I am battling every single day," she continued, to which Kerry told her not to show off. Priya shot her a cheeky grin as she knew the ice had thawed somewhat between her and her love rival but she added: "This isn't me feeling sorry for myself." Before she could go any further, Kerry said: "I get it. The truth is you're not the problem. It's me. I'm not in your league and I never will be. "Just to clarify, this is absolutely me feeling sorry for myself," she added and with the pair finally getting along, Priya convinced Kerry to go and speak with Al and to give him another chance. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker bids sad farewell to co-star Paige Sandhu [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Katie Hill told to go back home by bosses after blunder [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT] Taking on Priya's advice, Kerry did just that and as they looked set to give their relationship another go, trouble lingered in the shadows. Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) was watching from afar and didn't like to see his archenemies getting what he wanted yet again. In the coming weeks, it has been teased there is going to be an explosive climax to the two men's feud and this could see Al killed off. If he does make an exit from the show, Kerry is going to be devastated as she finally thought she'd found the man of her dreams. Knowing Al's death would hit her hard, Priya could be willing to give the heartbroken singleton as much support as possible. However, Kerry could start to see Priya in a new light, especially after she coldly complimented her during their argument. Although she has never shown interest in dating women before, Kerry could fall for the kindest Priya is showing her over Al's death. Also feeling vulnerable and alone, she could make her move on the businesswoman and much to her surprise, Priya could reciprocate her affections. This could be the beginning of a secret affair as the women find they are unable to keep their hands off one another. They wouldn't want anyone else to know as it would be soon after Al's death but how will the village react when they discover what has been going on? Priya also hasn't officially shown any interest in a woman before so this would be a whole new side viewers would be seeing to her character. The reason relationships might not have worked out with men in the past is because she could have been hiding the truth about her sexuality. There seemed to be some hints she could be interested in a woman when she was trying to get revenge on Al for cheating on her with Debbie Dingle (Charley Webb). Sharing a burning passion to get one over on Al, the women seemed to strike up quite the friendship but nothing ever happened. Could it be second time lucky for Priya as she develops feelings for Kerry? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.