Chantelle Kielly, 18, tied the knot with her first cousin Jim in her home town of Rathkeale in Ireland. The groom had 73 best men and the bride had at least seven bridesmaids. The whole town attended to watch the nuptials which were held during the "wedding season" in December. Traditional traveller families spend 10 months on the road before returning home in December for the season, with as many as 10 ceremonies per week often held during the winter months. Chantelle wore a dress designed by Thelma Madine from the show and was embellished with at least 20,000 crystals. Speaking at the reception, Chantelle said: "I want to thank my mother and father for giving me this big day, my sisters and all the people enjoying this wedding."  In a traditional ritual still exercised by some travellers, the bride's family paid the groom's family a dowry between £41,000 and £99,000. Thelma Madine, the Liverpool seamstress who gained publicity after appearing on the Channel 4 show, said: "The dress looked beautiful, she really does. "They are really nice people, the girls are very respectable. "We always say the Irish Travellers are like going back 50 years but the Rathkeale girls are like going back 100 years. She added: "They’re all family and I think that’s how they keep the wealth in Rathkeale because they just don’t let it go out."   READ MORE: Fury as Leeds takeaway ad banned for sick Maddie joke Despite it still being legal to marry your cousin in the UK and Ireland, many social media users were outraged by the clip. One Facebook user wrote: "Marrying your first cousin should definitely be illegal". Another said the pair were "definitely too closely related". However, the show - which came to an end in 2014 - received some backlash from the traveller community over its portrayal of their lives. An open letter posted online by 17-year-old Pip McKenzie said the show caused him to be bullied and his younger 12-year-old cousin to be attacked.  DON'T MISS: Thor Love and Thunder trailer hints at Chris Hemsworth exit [INSIGHT]Rayner squirms as Kate Garraway challenges Rwanda scheme opposition [COMMENT]Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ [ANALYSIS] In the letter, he wrote: "Your documentary, Big Fat Gypsy Weddings, is, unfortunately, a work of fiction. "I am sick of casual racism towards Gypsies and Travellers being tolerated." He also went on to say that the show only portrayed Irish gypsies, which make up just 10 percent of the traveller population. Mr McKenzie said: "The majority, like myself, are in fact Romany, yet your 'documentary' seems to ignore our existence. "While I have nothing but respect for the Irish traveller community, you seem to be unaware that we are two distinct ethnic groups and thus there are many differences between our cultures. He added: "I was even more confused when your 'documentary' about Irish travellers seemed to feature an alien culture that even most Irish travellers didn't recognise". 