It is still unclear if the fall will be sustained enough to bring about a significant fall in petrol prices. US oil crashed to $96 (£73) a barrel, and Brent crude, the global benchmark, fell to $101 (£77) a barrel on Thursday, reflecting a 5 percent global decline in prices.  It comes as Western countries are vowing to tap into their emergency oil reserves in order to end their dependency on supplies from Russia. On Wednesday, the International Energy Agency (IEA) announced it would supply the market with 60 million additional barrels of crude from its emergency stockpiles. The Paris based organisation said that more details would be available soon. It has calmed the nerves of investors who have been deeply concerned about the possibility of supply issues since the Russian invasion of Ukraine started in February, pushing prices up to $140 (£107) in February.  The crisis has been exacerbated by the fragile nature of global supply chains, following significant disruptions due to the coronavirus pandemic and the lack of production in oil producing countries, particularly in Africa and the Middle East. The 60 million barrels will come on top of the record 180 million barrels US President Joe Biden announced he would release from Washington's Strategic Petroleum Reserve. Washington plans to release 1 million barrels a day over the next six months but it will still take time for the additional supply to come into the market. According to the IEA Russia may be forced to cut its production by 3 million barrels a day as Moscow struggles to find buyers, an issue not helped by the Kremlin insisting that oil must be paid for in rubles, a low value currency not popular with investors. READ MORE:Lawless teenagers batter train worker in horrendous footage  The UK and the USA have already banned Russian oil supplies but the European Union has been unable to join the boycott due to Brussels' dependence on supplies from Moscow. In a statement the IEA said that the disruption to Russian supplies was having a "global supply shock". They said: "The prospect of large-scale disruptions to Russian oil production is threatening to create a global oil supply shock." US Presidential Coordinator for Global Energy Security Amos Hochstein told CNN that Washington couldn't reduce all "costs" but would work with the international community to "mitigate" them. DON'T MISS: £33m-winning family face almost 50 objections for Hollywood mansion [REVEAL] Police launch urgent hunt after woman seen ‘assaulting baby'  [INSIGHT] Boy, 5, dead after getting trapped at brain injury centre [SPOTLIGHT]  He said: "President Biden has been very clear that when you're in a war like this initiated by Putin and Russia, there are going to be costs. "We can't mitigate all the costs, but what we're doing is working together as an international community to do as much as we can to mitigate." 