Mariupol mayor Vadym Boichenko made the accusations in a Telegram statement, suggesting Russia’s order was part of an attempt to disguise any war crime evidence. According to the mayor, Russian troops are now using mobile crematoria to dispose of the bodies of murdered civilians. BBC Ukrainecast presenter Lewis Goodall said: “City council of Mariupol suspect that tens of civilians have been killed and that Russian forces have started to use mobile crematoria to dispose of the bodies in the wake of what happened in Bucha. “They’re using mobile incinerators to burn the bodies. Mr Goodall continued: “They’re doing this so that [the bodies] can’t be found. “It has caused immense damage to this whole idea of Russia liberating Ukraine." According to Mariupol's mayor, mobile crematoria in the city of Mariupol are now used in response to the tragic happenings reported in Bucha and the war crimes accusations against Putin. A few days ago, President Volodymyr Zelensky showed UN Security Council representatives pictures of tens of dead bodies lying on the streets of Bucha with hands tied behind their back. During the UN Security Council meeting, Zelensky also added: “[Russians] act just for pleasure”. “Actions of rape, including children, and mass executions have been reported in Bucha”. READ MORE: Finland and Sweden could join NATO in weeks The Ukrainian president said: “These are acts of genocide." Despite the images shown by President Zelensky in the UK Security Meeting, the Kremlin denies that any war crimes have been committed and considers such allegations as being groundless. “We insist that any accusation against the Russian side are not just groundless, but this is a well-directed show”, said Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov in the wake of Bucha happenings. In light of such events and Kremlin denial, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: “Bucha doesn’t look far short of genocide”. DON'T MISS: BBC QT: Emily Thornberry tears into Greg Hands over Rishi's wife [WATCH]FM called 'coward' after BANNING national papers from manifesto launch [LISTEN]BBC Question Time: Not her again! Viewers in uproar [INSIGHT] Similar position has also been taken by President Joe Biden, who openly claimed: “Putin is a war criminal. "Putin should face war crimes trial for Bucha killings”. The sentiments were echoed by Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, who warned anyone embroiled in the mass killing of civilians would be "hunted down" and brought to justice. Besides Bucha and Mariupol, further evidence of war crimes has emerged in other cities and villages of Ukraine such as Obukhovychi and Termakhivka, where civilians reported having been held as prisoners for over 15 days and having been used as human shields by Russian troops.