Richard Keys has named Luis Enrique, Brendan Rodgers and Roberto Mancini as the three managers he believes Manchester United should target ahead of Erik ten Hag. The current Ajax boss is the overwhelming favourite to take the reins at Old Trafford, however Keys admitted he has a "horrible feeling" the Red Devils would be making an "error" in appointing the Dutchman. United have reportedly submitted a written offer to Ten Hag as they look to appoint a permanent successor to current interim manager Ralf Rangnick come the end of the season. However, sports presenter Keys believes the club would be better off looking elsewhere. The former Sky Sports host listed a number of alternative who he deems would be more fitting appointments at Old Trafford - his preferred trio being Spain boss Enrique, Leicester's Rodgers and Italy coach Mancini. The 64-year-old also adamantly claimed that Ten Hag isn't the answer. In his latest blog post, Keys wrote: "I’ve got a horrible feeling United are about to compound their appointment errors. Again - I hope I’m wrong - but I don’t believe ten Hag is the answer. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘have submitted written offer’ as Erik ten Hag has big dreams for Old Trafford  "I’d go for one of these - Luis Enrique. Ok, so he wants be in charge of Spain in Qatar. Let him do that. Appoint him and let him take over when the WC has finished. Rangnick is staying anyway isn’t he? (Watch this space - I’m not convinced he is). "Brendan Rodgers. He knows all about the PL - and managing big clubs. They don’t come much bigger than Liverpool and Celtic. Maybe United? I’ll let you argue that. Players love Rodgers. Talk to anyone at Leicester right now about that. DON'T MISSMan Utd forward Mason Greenwood confronted by supporter as police investigation continues [NEWS]Erik ten Hag ‘close to deciding on Man Utd job’ with three assurances key [GOSSIP]Gary Neville and Roy Keane agreed as duo pick title winner between Liverpool and Man City [QUOTES]  "But if you really wanted to stir things up - Mancini. He’s scared of nothing. He’s like Klopp and Guardiola. He doesn’t take s*** from anyone and he doesn’t care who he upsets." Whoever is appointed as United's next manager looks set to take over a team devoid of Champions League football next season. The Red Devils endured a 1-0 defeat to relegation-threatened Everton at the weekend to leave themselves languishing down in seventh, six points adrift of fourth-placed Tottenham with only seven Premier League matches remaining. 