Lennox Lewis has heaped praise on Tyson Fury after his superb sixth-round stoppage of Dillian Whyte on Saturday evening at Wembley confirmed him as the undisputed world's best heavyweight boxer.  The 'Gypsy King', 33, entered the game as clear favourite to win, although it was unsure just how much of a challenge Whyte would pose. From the off, the Wythenshawe-born star took the reins and set the pace, giving Whyte no real chance to get a foothold within the fight. Indeed, the star landed 76 punches compared to Whyte's 29 as he dominated throughout, leaving the Londoner to open his body more in hope of a shock KO. But by doing that Whyte was exposed, and with just seconds of the sixth round remaining, Fury caught him with an incredible uppercut that left his opponent startled and dazed. It was yet another domineering performance by Fury, who has won all but one of his fights and remains unbeaten since his debut in 2008. And Lennox Lewis has hailed his exploits on Twitter, raising the question of a potential fight against Anthony Joshua in the meantime.  "A great showing by Tyson Fury tonight," Lewis said on Twitter. "It emphatically keeps him as the man to beat. He’s already in a very exclusive club in boxing, but I look forward to welcoming him to the undisputed club. "Let’s get it done!" Fury didn't hold back in his scathing analysis of Whyte, claiming that whilst he had the heart of a lion, he lost to 'the best man on the planet'. And the 6ft 9in giant even referenced Lewis in his post-match interview, claiming the London-born icon would be proud of the uppercut he gave to Whyte. "I'm overwhelmed with the support, I can't believe my 94,000 countrymen and women came here tonight to see me perform," he said immediately after the game. "I want to say from the bottom of my heart, thank you so much to every single person who bought a ticket in here tonight or stayed up late to watch it on TV. "Dillian Whyte is a warrior and I believe he will be a world champion. But tonight he met a great in the sport. I'm one of the greatest heavyweights of all time.  "Unfortunately for Dillian Whyte he had to face me here tonight. It's no disgrace. He's a tough game man and he's as strong as a bull and has the heart of a lion. "But you're not messing with an amateur heavyweight, you're messing with the best man on the planet. You saw that tonight. As a professional it was an uppercut. "I think Lennox Lewis could be proud of that right uppercut tonight." 