Sebastian Vettel is under investigation for riding a moped around the Australian Grand Prix track. The German is gearing up for his first race weekend of the season after missing the events in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia due to a Covid-19 infection. He rode a scooter back to the pit lane after his car’s engine caught fire and started smoking, before it eventually shut down. Vettel leapt from the car, grabbed a fire extinguisher before dousing the back of his Aston Martin. The session was red flagged for a brief period while his car was pushed off the track. But after he rode the scooter on the track, officials placed the four-time champion under investigation for “entering the track without permission”. According to article 26.7 of the F1 sporting regulations, nobody is permitted to enter the track within five minutes after the end of a session. The marshals, those who are driving on foot with prior permission or team personnel in the act of pushing a car or clearing equipment are an exception to the rule. JUST IN: Mercedes told Lando Norris should have been signed instead of George Russell   The commentators were amazed to see the four-time world champion make his way around the track in the vehicle. “Where’s Vettel got his moped from?” Sky Sports commentator Martin Brundle asked. “He’s nicked it from one of the marshals, I have never seen this before,” a colleague replied. Vettel acknowledged the crowd on his way around the track which was met with scattered cheers. Earlier this week Aston Martin confirmed Vettel will race in Melbourne after missing the first two races of the season. A Twitter statement said: “We are pleased to confirm that Sebastian Vettel is now fit to race and will therefore line up alongside @lance_stroll in Melbourne to kick off his 2022 @F1 season at the @ausgrandprix.” Experienced F1 star Nico Hulkenberg filled in for Vettel at both Grands Prix and was on the pace straight away. Hulkenberg even managed to beat his full-time team-mate Lance Stroll in Jeddah as the team just missed out on points. After his two guest appearances in F1, where he finished 17th in Bahrain and 12th in Saudi Arabia, Hulkenberg posted how he had an “amazing” time in the car. He said: “The last 10 days came unexpected - were very eventful, intense but amazing! Good times! Hulkenback 3.0 is a wrap.”