Ralf Rangnick's role and schedule as a Manchester United consultant have been outlined after he was announced the new manager of the Austrian national team. Rangnick will work on a dual basis - with his main focus on Austria - beyond this season after being snubbed in the club's search for a permanent boss. Following confirmation of his appointment on Friday, Rangnick said: "I will take over as national team manager of Austria at the end of the season but will continue my consultancy with Manchester United. I'm really looking forward to playing my part in helping United become a real force again." "It is an honour for me to take on the role of [Austria] manager," Rangnick added after signing a contract until 2024. "The prospect of contesting the European Championships in Germany with a young team hungry for success fills me with great anticipation." Gerhard Milletich, President of the Austrian Football Association [ÖFB] continued: "We are very pleased that in Ralf Rangnick, we have been able to recruit an outstanding expert in international football as team manager. We are all convinced that he is the ideal man and that his vision will advance the national team and the ÖFB." JUST IN: Eriksen school hunting amid Tottenham or Brentford choice - EXCLUSIVE  Rangnick will still commit to his two-year consultancy role at United in line with Erik ten Hag's summer arrival despite his new job. And reports suggest his consultancy will predominantly surround the club's recruit as they look to avoid similar mistakes that have contributed to a long-winded decline over the last decade. The 63-year-old is understood to have agreed to work with United for six days every month from July onward. It's far from a hands-on role in the centre of a significant rebuild in the coming years, but he will be an important figure in reshaping the disproportionate squad he inherited in November. READ MORE: Man Utd chief who hired Rangnick told he made a 'sackable offence'  Rangnick is one cog in the Red Devils' fresh set-up after Ed Woodward stepped down as chief executive in February. His successor, Richard Arnold, will hand control over football decisions to football director John Murtough, his soon-to-be appointed deputy, and technical director Darren Fletcher. Rangnick will likely work closely with manager Ten Hag and other figures in the club's revamped scouting network following the recent departures of chief scout Jim Lawlor and head of global scouting Marcel Bout. His contract at Old Trafford will run until the summer of 2024, when he could be leading Austria into the European Championship in his homeland Germany. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.