Rising energy bills are on everyone’s minds, leaving many of us wondering how to keep costs down while doing simple things like cooking and washing. Running a hot bath or shower is just one of the ways that you could be driving up your utility bills, but which one uses the most energy? Is it cheaper to have a bath or shower?  The energy price cap has risen by 54 percent, taking it from £1,277 to £1,971 for bill payers on a default direct debit tariff, and up to £2,017 for prepayment customers. Water bills are also on the rise, having increased by an average of 1.7 percent in England and Wales, bringing the standard annual bill to around £419. Sharp rises in utilities and taxes have left millions of Britons feeling the squeeze of the cost of living crisis, but how can the way you wash really make a difference? READ MORE: Cost of Living: Easy ways to save money on your household bills It’s a common concept that showers are “better” than baths when it comes to saving water and energy, but how do they actually compare on the cost front? A standard bathtub holds around 180 litres of water, though most baths require only 90-100 litres to fill it once a human body is also in the tub. Martyn Bridges, the director of technical support at the boilermaker Worcester Bosch said: “A typical bath requires about 90 litres of water, split between 60 litres or so of hot water and 20 to 30 of cold. “A normal thermostatic mixer shower head discharges about nine litres a minute, requiring about six litres of hot and three litres of cold.” While there is no doubt that showering uses less hot water, and therefore less energy than a bath, the overall savings on swapping a bath for a shower also depends on the time you use them for. If you run a bath to a 90 litre capacity and soak it in for 20 minutes, you will be using less water than if you were to shower for the same duration. This is because the hot water is continually running while the bath is stagnant water once it has been run. Mr Bridges added: “Providing you shower in less than 10 minutes, it will be more economical to shower.” DON'T MISS:Is it cheaper to boil water in a microwave? [ANALYSIS]Is it cheaper to hand wash or use a dishwasher? [REVEAL]£20 heated blanket is 'cheaper to run than heating' [INSIGHT] According to Waterwise, the average showerhead pumps out around 12 litres of water per minute, with most power showers pumping out around 15 litres in the same time. Hopping under a 40 degree power shower for five minutes uses: The exact cost of your shower will vary based on your regional provider, though it is estimated that around two litres of tap water costs just one third of a penny. To heat the water for a five minute shower, it will cost you: If lengthy soaks are your style, taking a bath is generally more economical than leaving your shower running for more than 10 minutes, but the way you bathe can also affect your energy bill. Taking a full bath twice a day will have higher consumption than someone who reuses the water or has the occasional soak, so it is better to swap at least one of your baths for a quick scrub in the shower. Based on the same figures used to measure showering, a 100 litre bath requires: This means that each bath will cost you anywhere between 45p and £1.37 depending on the heating method and volume of water used. 