It comes amid growing concerns that the police have only targeted the Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Downing Street staff with fines and allowed other prominent politicians and well-known personalities to get away Scot free. The SNP Scottish First Minister caused outrage when  she was filmed in a hairdressers not wearing a mask. This is despite the fact that she had insisted on keeping rules which forced them to be worn in Scotland long after they had become voluntary in England. A Techne UK poll for Express.co.uk showed that 71 percent of respondents believe that Ms Sturgeon should have been fined for breaking laws she drew up. Just 18 percent thought she should not have had the same treatment as Boris Johnson. But despite breaking the law in Scotland, Ms Sturgeon was just “spoken to” by Police Scotland which comes under the control of her Scottish Government and not fined. The Scottish Nationalist leader is one of several well-known figures to escape police fines including Sky News presenter Kay Burley who broke the rules celebrating her birthday. Sky political editor Beth Rigby, who last week grilled the Prime Minister over Partygate in a terse interview, also was not fined by the Met for being at the same lockdown breaking party. Both were suspended by Sky News for their behaviour. There are also questions about why the police decided not to take action against Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer for having a beer with Labour activists which also appeared to break the rules. Tory MPs have questioned why nine minutes with a birthday cake for the Prime Minister was worse than Starmer drinking beer. Dudley North Conservative MP Marco Longhi is considering raising the lack of consistency with police forces. READ MORE: POLL: Is Boris right to increase Indian immigration for trade deal? He said: “It seems to me that the problem here is one of consistency. Apparently, the Met Police seem to have a very different interpretation of ‘the law’ than other Police forces. “It is completely inexplicable to me how it can be acceptable for other MPs to break rules (ostensibly in a much more serious way) and not be sanctioned. And not just MPs, what about Kay Burley? What about the BLM protestors who gathered during lockdown - supported by some MPs - they were not sanctioned by the Met Police. “When I hear from outraged media and left wing supporters who want the PM gone I have to ask myself why is it indeed ok to have one rule for the PM and another for everyone else. Reversing Brexit and winning back the Red Wall comes to mind. DON'T MISS ‘Not at the expense of immigration’ Concern over India trade deal [REACTION] GCSE in climate change is an anti-Tory sentiment, says ESTHER MCVEY [INSIGHT] Labour latest polls: Gloating Keir celebrates Tory crisis [REELATION] “But this is a very serious question for the Met Police and Cressida Dick (again). The Met Police’s reputation and its senior management judgment have been seriously tarnished in recent years and I cannot see how they can be seen to be applying the law consistently with their current stance. They really do need to explain why their actions are different to Durham Police’s, Scottish Police’s and Welsh Police’s. “Many members of the public, NHS staff and so many others will have ‘broken rules’. Perhaps an application of common sense and proportionality wouldn’t go amiss. Should these nurses all be fined?”