Jadon Sancho was Manchester United's problem in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Leicester, according to former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor. Sancho struggled as United were held by Brendan Rodgers' side at Old Trafford. The England international played the entire match as the Red Devils' top four hopes were once again dented. Sancho's form has picked up in recent months after an initial tough start to his United career. However, Agbonlahor was far from impressed on Saturday and claimed there was a lack of confidence in the winger's game. “The biggest problem for me today was watching Jadon Sancho,” Agbonlahor said on talkSPORT. “I’ve played in that position, I’ve seen players like Aaron Lennon, top wingers like Shaun Wright-Phillips play in that position, they get the ball they take players on. READ MORE: Man Utd’s ideal summer with Erik ten Hag in charge and five signings  "Sancho played the ball back every time he got it to the level that he ended up playing one back and putting Ihenacho in. He was that desperate to play it backwards, he was that scared to take people on. “I don’t know what’s happened to his confidence but that was the biggest problem for me watching that game today.” Sancho has three goals and three assists in 25 Premier League matches this season. He fluffed a good chance to put United ahead late in the second half. Agbonlahor says he is baffled that the 22-year-old did not attempt to take on his opponents more. DON'T MISSTottenham star Matt Doherty shares how Jose Mourinho almost made him quit club [QUOTES]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has four glaring problems to solve after Brentford loss [COMMENT]Liverpool star Diogo Jota silences Jamie Redknapp after headed goal in Watford win [REACTION]  He added: “You’ve got a winger that looks up, looks at his defender and thinks ‘nah, nah, I’m passing it backwards’ and that should not be happening for the career that he’s had so far at Dortmund and his confidence is shattered. Even if you lose it, it doesn’t matter, get the ball and take on the fullback, he was looking at the fullback and thinking ‘nah, I don’t fancy that, I’m going to pass it back, I’ve done my job’ he was actually hiding on the pitch and that can’t happen. “A manager has got to come in and get the best out of such a big talent. When he was at Dortmund, I know it’s probably an easier league, but he was taking players on, getting the ball, running past people, showing speed, skill. “Today he’s crumbling in a Manchester United shirt, and that’s the biggest thing watching that game today, I was baffled.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here