After a long, cold winter, garden lawns may be in need of some attention to get grass looking its best in time for summer. Although it is safe to start mowing your lawn again on sunny, spring days, gardeners are being warned not to over-do it. According to lawn care experts So & Mo, there is an ideal length to aim for doing the spring in order to ensure your grass thrives once the summer arrives. Co-founder of So & Mo, Luke Taylor, explained: "Mow your grass shorter week by week. "If you go for a severe trim, you risk leaving bald patches called 'scalping'." The lawn care expert says leaving your grass between 15 to 25 millimetres is tall is a "great height to aim for at this time of year". READ MORE: Why you shouldn't mow your lawn in May - 'Lock up your lawnmower!' If you are only just stating to get back to mowing your lawn, this should be done gradually. According to experts from gardening equipment specialists Flymo, you should never cut more than a third of the blade of grass in one go. They explain: "Over the first couple of months of the grass cutting season you can gradually decrease the cutting height of your lawn mower to get the length of grass you wish to have. "There is no set recommendation for the correct cutting height as it is generally down to personal preference. DON'T MISSHouse prices: The 10 UK property 'hotspots' [REPORT]Grass care: How to get rid of moss from your lawn using baking soda [EXPLAINER]Cats: How to deter cats from your garden for ‘free’ [INSIGHT] "It is, however, recommended that at the beginning of the grass cutting season that you don’t cut the grass more than once a week as you risk overly stressing the grass." The act of cutting your grass too short too quickly is referred to as "scalping" and can inhibit its ability to flourish in the later months. Scalping can also increase the risk of weed infestation. Flymo added: "Most people in the UK like to cut their lawn very short; however there are risks associated by doing this. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea "During very hot periods, typically at the height of the summer, it’s recommended that you cut your lawn a little longer than usual." The shorter you cut your grass the more you expose the soil to the suns heat. In turn, this reduces how much moisture the soil can hold. That moisture is essential for grass to grow. The experts from Flymo point out this is often the reason why lawns begin to turn brown in summer.