Parkinson’s disease “came as a shock” for John Rioche, 60, from Merseyside. In 2012, the former Marine AFC player was diagnosed with the life-changing condition by a private doctor but only after three other doctors and two physiotherapists misdiagnosed his condition as a less severe “pinched” nerve. Today, Rioche takes 14 tablets a day to manage his condition and is looked after by his wife, who he said “puts up” with his changing mood due to the medication. His condition hasn’t stopped him from doing the thing he loves. He still plays football for the England Walking Football team alongside other Parkinson’s sufferers – the oldest of which is 72. And he is encouraging others to do the same. Although he admitted it can be hard to pursue the things you want to, Rioche is adamant that it is beneficial for him. “It's a battle between me wanting to do things and not wanting to struggle but then accepting that I have got to fight on,” he told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Cancer: The four cooking oils shown to ‘release' toxic chemicals linked to the disease  Tim Morton, Physical Activity Programme Manager from Parkinson’s UK, said: "People with Parkinson's tell us that being active helps them live well with the condition, and improves both their physical and mental wellbeing. “It can be just as important as medication when managing symptoms, and allows them to take control of their lives.” Parkinson’s disease is when parts of the brain become damaged over many years, causing a loss of nerve cells in parts of the brain called substantia nigra. This causes a reduction in dopamine levels in the brain, which is important in regulating movement. However, according to researchers, exercise can improve the efficiency of areas of the brain where dopamine is received – the substantia nigra and basal ganglia.  Scientists at the University of Pittsburgh found that cells receiving dopamine had more areas for the molecule to bind to. Talking about the support he receives from his wife, Rioche said: “My wife is the one who cares for me. She puts up with my mood because of medication.It's hard for them [carers] to watch the people they love suffer.” He first noticed the disease as a manager of a construction business.His writing was affected and would flatline after a while. When Rioche visited a fourth doctor, a private Bupa doctor, he was diagnosed “within 30 seconds". He said the doctor was able to identify the problem by looking at his gait as he moved from the waiting room to the doctor’s room. After he was diagnosed, Rioche said he asked the doctor: "What does that mean?” and was given the reply: “Don’t worry because in the long term we all die." “The fact I was told on the spot took all that pain out," he said. “I'm a realist, and I sort of said to myself over the years to think of the worst outcome and get yourself in a position to deal with that and anything else is a bonus really.” The NHS suggests: “It’s unclear what causes the disease, although most experts think it is a combination of genetic and environmental factors.” The only relative Rioche knows of that had the condition was one of his uncles. Symptoms of the condition include tremors, slowness of movement, and muscle stiffness, as well as many other symptoms, according to the NHS. These other symptoms include problems with peeing, balance issues, and dizziness.Alongside exercise, there are many things that can help with Parkinson’s, including medication to mimic the action of dopamine – which is what Rioche takes. 