These payments are made to nearly three million people with a disability or long term health condition to help them make ends meet. However, thousands are still losing out and are being encouraged to get in touch with the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to see if they qualify. As many people struggle to find the extra money needed to pay for rising food and petrol costs and soaring energy bills, Britons are being reminded to do a benefits check. While £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits in Britain every year, thousands of people are estimated to be missing out on disability benefits like PIP. PIP is paid to people who have difficulty completing everyday tasks such as preparing food, dressing and washing. The amount someone receives depends on how much their condition affects them but is paid in two parts: a daily living component and a mobility part. READ MORE: ‘Do what you love’ Woman turns her love for dogs into side hustle The new rates for PIP are: DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis' advice if energy firm is doubling your direct debit [ALERT]State pension payment date change takes place in two weeks [UPDATE]State pensioners could boost sum using National Insurance option [INSIGHT]   If someone qualifies for both the daily living and mobility component they could get up to £627 a month. It doesn’t matter if they are in work or have savings as it’s not a means tested benefit. To start an application PIP claimants will need to fill and send off the How Your Disability Affects You evidence form to the DWP. After the application has been received the claimant will be assessed by an independent healthcare professional. As the process can take up to five and a half months to complete, it’s advisable to start an application as soon as possible. Some people have complained that the forms are particularly complicated but they can ask Scope or Age UK for help filling out the forms. More information on the criteria and how to apply can be found on Gov.uk. However, 19 conditions usually make someone eligible for this financial support. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea What conditions are eligible for PIP?