Mr Macron is hoping to secure a second term in office, as voters head to the polls on Sunday, April 10, for the first round of voting in France's presidential elections. The incumbent president is facing a strong challenge from Ms Le Pen, who is now favourite to face him in the second round of voting on April 24. Recent polls suggest that a Le Pen victory is within the margin of error, meaning the far-right leader could become France's next head of state. Donald Tusk took to twitter to throw his support behind Mr Macron's candidacy. The former President of the European Council wrote: "Mr President, dear Emmanuel, no decent Pole supports Madame Le Pen, just as no decent Pole supports Orbán or Putin." The Polish politician added: "Poles overwhelmingly are for Europe, Ukraine and freedom, whatever nonsense Prime Minister Morawiecki may say." Last week, the Polish prime minister criticised the French President for his willingness to negotiate with Putin. He questioned what Mr Macron's various meetings with the Russian strongman had achieved for Ukraine. Mateusz Morawiecki tweeted: "President Macron, how many times have you negotiated with Putin? What have you achieved? "Did you stop any of these actions? You do not negotiate with criminals, you fight them. "Nobody negotiated with Hitler. Would you negotiate with Hitler, with Stalin, with Pol Pot?” The French President reacted with fury to the remarks and accused the Polish prime minister of "interfering in the French electoral campaign." He told the the French TV channel TF1 that the comments were "unfounded and scandalous" but was not surprised by them given that Mr Morawiecki is himself "from an extreme-right party" that "supports" Le Pen. During a visit to the Brittany village of Spézet, he also alluded to the previous close ties between Ms Le Pen and Putin. READ MORE: 'Arrogant and incapable' Macron's time in power savaged He told reporters: "I'm not the one who is sympathetic to Putin. "I'm not the one who looks for funding from Russia. That's other candidates." Ms Le Pen's National Rally party received a loan for almost $11 million in September 2014 from the Moscow -based First Czech-Russian Bank, which it is now in the process of paying back. She also travelled to Moscow ahead of the last presidential elections in 2017, where she met the Russian president. Putin publicly backed her at the time in a show of support for her candidacy. DON'T MISSMarine Le Pen could bring ‘more chaos than Trump’, warns Andrew Neil  [NEWS]Marine Le Pen gains ground on ‘feverish’ Macron as final stages loom [SPOTLIGHT]'Destroying our soul!' Macron accused of 'LYING' to French voters [INSIGHT] Ms Le Pen has sought to focus her campaign on domestic issues, such as the rising prices for basic goods and petrol in France. He approach appears to be striking a chord with French voters disillusioned with Mr Macron. Melina, a care assistant, was one of those who attended Mr Macron's rally in Spézet. She told the BBC: "There are a lot of French people here who work but are forced to sleep in their cars because they cannot afford an apartment and nobody helps them. "It's a disgrace. I used to vote for the left but I could very well vote on the right this time."