Lewis Hamilton has joked that he would need to cut off his right ear to follow FIA rules on jewellery. The Mercedes star has no intention of falling in line with stricter enforcement of the governing bodies laws.    Formula One drivers have been forbidden from wearing body piercings or metal neck-chains since 2004. However, it had not been properly enforced until Niels Wittich was appointed as race director in the summer. Hamilton has earrings in both ears. FIA laws state: “The wearing of jewellery in the form of body piercing or metal neck-chains is prohibited during the competition and may therefore be checked before the start.” However, the seven-times world champion has quipped that he would need to cut off his right ear because one stud is welded into his skin. It could remarkably see Hamilton face a punishment in the form of a fine or even a points penalty. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton has Ferrari wish as Mercedes ace left baffled by rivals He said: “I don’t have any plans on removing [jewellery]. I feel there are personal things and you should be able to be who you are. And I will continue to do that. “And there is stuff that I can’t move. I literally can’t take these ones out (pointing to his right ear). “These ones on my right ear are literally welded in so I’d have to get them chopped off or something like that. So they will be staying.” DON'T MISS...Helmut Marko explains where Red Bull are going wrongAlonso insists Alpine ‘faster than Mercedes’ amid Hamilton strugglesToto Wolff makes Alonso point as Lewis Hamilton fears played down Hamilton was speaking after coming fourth at the Australian Grand Prix. A much better performance by Mercedes saw him come behind team-mate George Russell, whose podium finish was his first since his off-season move from Williams Racing. It was a poorer day for Hamilton’s 2021 title rival Max Verstappen. The reigning world champion did not finish for the second time in three Grands Prix. Leclerc won his second Grand Prix of the season as Ferrari continue to take control, despite Carlos Sainz not finishing. Leclerc was just beaten by Verstappen in Abu Dhabi a fortnight ago, but stormed ahead of the Dutchman’s Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez, who took P2. "Honestly on our paper, maybe we need to review our paper, we were behind Red Bull on this track. We were stronger than what we thought so it was a good surprise,” Leclerc told Sky Sports. "Obviously last year was a very difficult year for us but this year we have managed, well actually the team has managed because I only give feedback of what I want from the car.”   