Cadbury, formerly Cadbury's, is one of the most quintessential Great British brands out there — despite the fact it has been owned by US company Mondelez International since 2010. Regardless, the confectionary giant has its roots in Britain, Birmingham to be precise, when in 1824, John Cadbury began producing a variety of cocoa and drinking chocolates. While Cadbury has a special place in the hearts of most Britons, tonight, Channel 4 will uncover some of the company's alleged darker practices, in its 'Cadbury Exposed: Dispatches'. Antony Barnett goes undercover in Ghana to investigate the truth about the chocolate brand, and the use of child labour in its supply chain. He hears from farmers who earn less than £2 a day and children who have been injured harvesting beans while working long hours in the searing heat. Today, Cadbury products are mostly affordable and often cheaper than fruit or vegetables. Because of the low cost, you might think that the Royal Family would opt for another, more expensive chocolate brand — but you would be wrong. Each year, just before Christmas, Cadbury sent a series of exclusive bars to Buckingham Palace, Windsor Castle and Sandringham before the US takeover in 2010. The chocolate was wrapped in gold foil with a red wrapper bearing the royal crest and 'By Appointment to HM The Queen'. Beneath the crest, the words "Cadbury's Superior Culinary Plain Chocolate" were written. Tony Bilsborough, a spokesman for Cadbury, told the Daily Mail in 2009: "We do make the Queen a bar of dark chocolate. It's not for sale to the public. JUST IN: Charles annoyed at William and Kate 'diary clash' on tour "We make this for her under the terms of the royal mark. "We've been providing chocolate to the Royal Family since Victorian times but I cannot discuss the recipe." Known as "Royal Household chocolate" by staff at Cadbury, it was believed to be suitable for cooking as well as eating on its own. However, it is unclear whether Cadbury continued with the tradition after 2010. DON'T MISS Gary Neville urges Queen to address Fan Led review in next speech [REPORT]  Prince Andrew ‘to accompany Queen' on Platinum Jubilee weekend [INSIGHT] Prince Edward and Sophie will face challenges on royal tour in April [ANALYSIS] However, the company has remained closely linked with the Royal Family since. In 2018, Cadbury devoted two of its top chocolatiers to make a chocolate replica of Windsor Castle to mark Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding. The castle featured the minutest details, including personnel from the prestigious Queen's Guard in costume. It weighed around 110 pounds, stood at 26 inches tall, and took four days to build. Cadbury and the Royal Family go back over 150 years, when the firm granted the company its first Royal Warrant in 1854, and it has been a holder of a Royal Warrant from Her Majesty The Queen since 1955. When John Cadbury opened his grocer's shop in Bull Street in 1824, he sold many items including drinking chocolate, which proved a hit. The Cadbury manufacturing business itself was born in 1831 when he started to produce on a commercial scale. But the process was an expensive one, which meant many of his customers were wealthy individuals. In 1847, the Cadbury brothers' booming business moved into a new, larger factory in Bridge Street in the centre of Birmingham. When the Bridge Street factory became too small, George Cadbury began searching for a very special site for their new factory – Bournville, its home to this day. Cadbury Exposed: Dispatches airs on Channel 4 at 8pm.