Extinction Rebellion members have launched a week-long protest across the capital in a bid to pressure the Government into halting all investment in fossil fuels. On Saturday, the activists gridlocked central London as they marched down Oxford Street and Regent's Street to hold a sit-in in Trafalgar Square. And on Sunday, they blocked two of London's main crossing points for ambulances at Lambeth Bridge and Vauxhall Bridge. Footage from the protest shows the demonstrators sitting down on the bridge as police officers mill among them and speak to some of the protesters. The group's distinctively emblazoned flags can be seen flapping in the wind as the activists simply sit around and chat among themselves. Additional footage shows the activists moving away from the main road to allow emergency services vehicles passing by. The group's offshoot organisation Insulate Britain last year sparked fury after footage emerged showing the demonstrators preventing ambulances from moving freely on the streets of Britain despite sounding their sirens to get through. JUST IN: EU plot to raid £560trillion London market dealt hammerblow – Europe's banks launch attack Despite the protestors moving out of the way to let fire engines and ambulances across the bridges, the demonstrations still sparked the fury of everyday Britons online. @penelopeessence wrote: "How very generous of them. To decide which vehicles deserve their approval and which don't. "How many people have to carry friends or family in a car now because an ambulance takes hours to arrive? What are #metpolice doing?" @ianfrench13 said: "They must really despise the working class to try and disrupt their lives and to stop them from getting to work. READ MORE: Extinction Rebellion protests spark more fuel shortages as Britons struggle at the pump "Maybe XR want these people to lose out on being paid a wage. They really are shafting those who are self-employed also. No work= no wage. "XR punishes the worker." @apoliticaleye added: "Except when one of them decides to glue themselves to the road. "It appears from those interviewed, immaturity, idiocy, hysteria are the overriding nature of their characters." And @AJBondway said: "Knowing #StinkyRebellion blocked Lambeth Bridge earlier today, WHY did @metpoliceuk allow them onto Vauxhall Bridge within the last half hour which is blocked now too?? Gridlocked traffic." DON'T MISSCatholic priest fined for blocking M25 in Extinction Rebellion [NEWS]Extinction Rebellion sparks misery for motorists [REVEAL]Extinction Rebellion block Esso site with bamboo barricades [SPOTLIGHT @apoliticaleye added: "Except when one of them decides to glue themselves to the road. "It appears from those interviewed, immaturity, idiocy, hysteria are the overriding nature of their characters." And @AJBondway said: "Knowing #StinkyRebellion blocked Lambeth Bridge earlier today, WHY did @metpoliceuk allow them onto Vauxhall Bridge within the last half hour which is blocked now too?? Gridlocked traffic." Green Party MP Caroline Lucas warned some Extinction Rebellion protests are counterproductive but their disruptive actions are the "only way that people feel they can make their voices heard" Ms Lucas told Sunday Morning on BBC One: "I am sorry that it has come to this and that this is the only way that people feel they can make their voices heard." The Green MP said some that some of the group's tactics are counterproductive, adding: "Personally for example, if you are going to try and stop Tube trains moving around I think that is counterproductive. "I think that being on the streets of London has been shown to be a way of capturing people's imaginations. People have joined those protests who have never protested before. They are doing it because they know we have to leave new fossil fuels in the ground. "The International Energy Agency says that the latest IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) report says that and yet this Government and this energy strategy .. is foreseeing getting out even more oil and gas from the North Sea, that is frankly immoral and said the UN general secretary said that is frankly both morally and economically mad."