Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe), Jamie (Sam Heughan) and the rest of the clan are back on screens again while the sixth season of Outlander heads towards a thrilling climax. The popular Starz series, based on the books by Diana Gabaldon, has already been renewed for season seven and the streaming service has confirmed the cast have already started filming. The show’s official social media page has posted a new picture of the cast of Outlander to confirm season seven is now in production. The caption read: “The cast and crew are back at it - #Outlander Season 7 is in production!” Such a quick turnaround could mean the next hiatus between seasons will be much shorter than the last break, which lasted nearly two years. Filming has restarted just over a year after production on season six kicked off in February last year. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson's secret exposed in Meena twist While the latest instalment was severely delayed due to Covid restrictions, hopefully this means the next ‘Droughtlander’ won’t be quite as painful as the last hiatus. Starz’s behind-the-scenes snap confirms the core Fraser family, including Brianna (Sophie Skelton) and Roger Mackenzie (Richard Rankin) will all be returning for season seven. The series’ co-lead Sam also confirmed the good news on his personal Instagram page as he posted a different snap of himself, Caitriona, Sophie and Richard in Claire and Jamie’s home on Fraser’s Ridge. He captioned the snap: “Season…..?!!!!???? 7!!!!!!” Despite the bleak tone of the latest season, which pits the Frasers against the approaching American Revolution, there is still time for fun and games on set. Sat in the middle of the smiling cast, Caitriona can be seen holding up seven fingers to confirm season seven is officially underway. The latest photos show a new look for the main characters in season seven, as series regular Richard is sporting a shorter hairstyle. Outlander fans were thrilled to see the cast back in action once again, and took to the comments to celebrate the show’s continuation. DON'T MISS:Gordon Ramsay addresses Future Food Stars' romance [INSIGHT]Outlander season 6 theories: Malva poisons Claire [SPOILERS]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Gene to free Kim from prison [THEORY] Sarah Colorato tweeted: “Hopefully this means we don’t have to wait as long for the next season!” And Marianne Miller exclaimed: “YEAH, YEAH, YEAH!!!!! “Could not be more excited!!!! Look at everyone!!!!! While Instagram user @rebekahmathenydesign replied: “The gang is back together! “Praying it’s not the final season! There is so much story in books eight and nine yet to be told!” There have been some rumours the upcoming seventh outing will bring the series to an end, though this has not been substantiated by Starz. After the next season, Outlander still has two more of Diana’s novels, and one more awaiting publication, left to adapt. Season seven will at least be twice as long as the current, truncated sixth instalment, but hopefully Starz gives the go-ahead for more seasons to give fans a satisfying conclusion to the Fraser saga. Outlander season 6 continues Sundays on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.