Sir Keir Starmer pledged in his leadership manifesto in 2020 he would support the return of rail, water, energy, and mail into public hands. He however appeared to have changed his mind when the following year he said he opposed the idea of nationalising energy companies. Good Morning Britain host Adil Ray challenged shadow Energy Secretary Ed Miliband over his leader's U-turn as he questioned the timing of the change. Mr Ray said: "Keir Starmer did say he was in favor and supported common ownership but he's changed his mind. "Why would he do that at a time like this when it seems quite obvious that we probably do need common ownership?" Mr Miliband however insisted the change was a pondered decision: "Here's the thing. He does think there's a role for common ownership and there's different parts of the energy system. "There's the suppliers, the companies that supply us energy.There's the generation companies, there's the grid and there's real issues about the grid. JUST IN: France sparks EU chaos by blocking new UK-style energy strategy – 11 states break ranks  "Because there's big delays on the grid and the transmission system. "So we're going to take the evidence-based look at each part of the system and say, what is value for money? What makes sense? What is the pragmatic and right choice to both advance towards tackling the climate emergency and give us energy security?" Sir Keir has been repeatedly questioned on his position on common ownership in light of rising energy cost in recent months. The energy price cap was raised by 54 percent only last week, leaving thousands struggling with growing bills at a time the cost of living crisis has left many having to consider their priorities.  Asked by a voter on his stance in January, Sir Keir said: "I’m not in favour of nationalisation. “There’s different ways of doing business, but the top-down version of nationalisation I don’t think really works and I’m not in favour of that. "We may have to look at the models for ownership of energy companies.” READ MORE: Australian mystery after bloated 'alien' creature washes ashore [REVEAL] 'What a legacy for Merkel' Germany humiliated as Russia sanctions fail [INSIGHT] The deadly weapons UK could send to Ukraine to end invasion [SPOTLIGHT] The exchange comes as the Government unveiled its long-awaited energy strategy in which it pledged to take back control of energy prices through boosts to nuclear, wind, solar and hydrogen. Ministers are promising "cleaner and more affordable energy" to be made in this country, aiming to make 95 percent of electricity low carbon by 2030. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said the strategy, including new nuclear and offshore wind plans, would reduce the UK's dependence on foreign sources of energy. There has been particular worldwide concern about the reliance on Russian oil and gas since the Kremlin's invasion of Ukraine. Under the Government's fresh plans a new body, Great British Nuclear, will be launched to bolster the UK's nuclear capacity with the hope of up to 24 gigawatts (GW) of electricity by 2050 coming from the source of power, 25% of the projected electricity demand.