Lib Dem Daisy Cooper put forward a Parliamentary Early Day Motion urging the London dining and literary venue to “immediately abolish archaic rules preventing women being admitted as members. “The Garrick affords men opportunities through their membership to form connections with senior legal practitioners and members of the judiciary, which may support their professional aspirations...these opportunities are not available to women.” Founded in 1831, the Garrick is one of the oldest private men’s clubs. It has a seven-year waiting lists and its 1,300 current members are reported to include Jeremy Paxman, Benedict Cumberbatch and Stephen Fry. Objections to its gender ban have grown in recent years. More 300 top legal figures, including Cherie Blair QC backed an online petition calling for the rule to be scrapped. The petition was set up by lingerie boss Emily Bendell and recently 10 MPs signed it including Stella Creasy, Caroline Nokes and Caroline Lucas. Ms Cooper said: “It’s outrageous that clubs such as the Garrick are maintaining these archaic rules. There’s no possible excuse for continuing to disadvantage women in this way.” Caroline Lucas said: “Top female legal professionals are being denied access to connections and opportunities purely on the basis of being women. “The Garrick must acknowledge that the world has long moved on. Members must hold a vote to admit female members.” Cherie Blair said: “Forty-five years ago, I was left standing outside the Garrick while my supervisor took my fellow pupil Tony Blair inside. “It’s outrageous that so little progress has been made.” Nigel Havers, actor and a member, backed the demand for change. He said: “Surely it is time for the Garrick to haul itself into the 21st century?” The Garrick Street club does admit women as visitors. In 2015 its membership voted 50.5 percent in favour of allowing women to join, but club rules state that a two-thirds majority is needed for a change. There has not been a further vote since.