Meghan Markle has an incredible eye for fashion; the Duchess of Sussex favours tonal dressing, designer brands, and delicate jewellery. Last week, she was seen wearing a camel coat and after she stepped out, online searches for that item exploded. Two years after renouncing her royal title and moving out of the UK with Prince Harry, Meghan was back in the spotlight. Over the Easter weekend, she made her first public appearance in a while to kick off the Invictus Games in the Hague, Netherlands. All eyes were on Meghan, and she showcased a wardrobe that was subdued, classy but casual and full of neutral hues. White, black, brown and blue - everyday colours that would usually look boring if it wasn’t for Meghan’s eye for detail and choice of accessories. Meghan’s first outfit was a white-on-white suit. READ MORE: Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry' The double-breasted blazer and tailored trousers were both from Valentino, and she paired her white Aquazzura wedding heels with the look. What fashion fans didn’t know, is that the Duchess also had a camel coat on standby, which she gave to an Invictus team member to surround their child with as it was cold outside. Meghan later wore this coat when she changed her whole outfit. She followed the white suit up with another monochromatic moment, built around the classic camel coat. DON'T MISS...Weight loss: How to burn more calories when resting [EXCLUSIVE]Inside Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s Montecito mansion [PICTURES]Women shed 5st without ‘restricting' foods - 'No miserable diet!' [TRANSFORMATION] 1598565 A camel coat is a staple in Meghan’s wardrobe, and this particular one from Ralph Lauren, with a price tag of £4,525. It has an oversized silhouette, and hits just below the knee. It is made from 100 percent cashmere and comes with a tie belt. And it was the item from all of Meghan’s outfits that was popular with fans as online searches for ‘camel coat’ exploded 270 percent in the UK, just a couple of days after she wore it according to Bed Kingdom. A spokesperson commented: “Every glimpse of Meghan Markle proves her to be an absolute style icon, and this occasion is definitely no exception. These findings highlight her enduring ability to inspire fashion choices wherever she is in the world, with people desperate to emulate her every look. “Meghan’s appearance on the Invictus Games yellow carpet is a perfect example of her admirable ability to tastefully and discreetly use her elegant style to complement the events she attends. “Yet respectfully not divert too much attention away from the main focus of the occasion.” While the camel coat seems to be a favourite with Meghan, there are some pieces of jewellery she regularly opts for. Princess Diana’s gold Cartier watch has been worn numerous times over the years. It comes after the Duchess previously said she bought a “two-tone version” of the Cartier French Tank watch, which she hopes to pass onto Lilibet in time.