The nation might have enjoyed the novelty of seeing picturesque flakes of snow shower the land barely a week after the first day of spring - but Amanda Owen has been struggling to share their enthusiasm. The Our Yorkshire Farm star was more concerned with how the lambs would cope at such a tender age. In fact, as she revealed in an emotional Twitter post to over 193,000 followers, some of the little ones hadn't even been born yet. "So yesterday it snowed a little bit and that was bad enough," she began. "Then it started to snow a lot more," the mother of nine, who tweets as @YorkshireShepherdess, lamented. Adding a snowflake emoji to punctuate her sentence, she continued: "Shifted the yows that were closest to lambing into the barn. READ NOW: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show "The majority aren’t due for another week or so, so hoping that Spring will return quickly. #yorkshire #weather #snowing #snow #spring" She included photos of the dramatic scenery, including one of a sombre looking - and presumably pregnant - sheep gazing around at the chilly, snow-covered surroundings. The country is at the centre of an Arctic blast, causing unseasonably cold temperatures - and the thermometer has hit -2 celsius at night even in the South. @TerryWh939208070 wrote back sympathetically: "A chilly entry into the world for the early lambs. "Not the weather you want in spring, but such are the vagaries of our climate! Hopefully milder next week." @nickw7coc also chimed in to write: "Woke to that amount down here in Northallerton, and more fell during the morning, (all gone by 2 in the sunshine of course). I suspect you've had significantly more than in these images @AmandaOwen8, and expecting yet more before the week's out...?!" @Kimnicholls16 also empathised: "Our weather is seriously messed up. Poor little lambs." Meanwhile @MarkCourtney1 added: "Poor little darlings! Hope they all survive." READ NOW: Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row Will Smith ‘refused’ to leave Oscars ceremony after slap, says Academy Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim  However, yesterday a regretful Amanda revealed that a "little lamb died during the night", lamenting: "You win some, you lose some but you never stop trying." Ravenseat has been a firm favourite for TV fans, and followers have regularly tuned into series of Our Yorkshire Farm to check on the family's progress. With a husband, nine children, horses, a miniature pony and a huge brood of farm animals to care for, Amanda's life has been a novel and intriguing source of fascination, especially to city viewers. Yet the rugged setting of the farm means that it is extra vulnerable when exposed to the elements, and Amanda has worried frequently in the past for their welfare. Earlier in the year, she feared equally extreme consequences for severe weather conditions when Storm Eunice swept the country. She had proudly shared photos of a heavily pregnant horse's ultrasound scan just days earlier, sparking similar welfare concerns as the unpredictable storm raged around the nation. Amanda had earlier shared: "While we’re on the subject of horsepower…hopefully it will only be a matter of months before we hear the clippety clop of tiny ( ish ) hooves." Times might be hard, but she has also revealed on Twitter: "Nothing is insurmountable if you take one step at a time."