Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, have three children – Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Their youngest turns four today and a series of photographs taken by his mother has been released to commemorate the occasion. Little Louis was born at the Lindo Wing of St Mary’s Hospital in 2018, and several days later Prince William and Kate revealed they would be naming their young son Louis Arthur Charles. His first name is said to pay homage to Prince Philip’s uncle Lord Louis Mountbatten, who was known to be Prince Charles's mentor, who died in an IRA bombing in 1979. It’s also the middle name of both William and Louis’ older brother George. While Charles nods to Louis's grandfather, the Prince of Wales, who shared his delight to have another baby in the family when he was born. His official title is His Royal Highness Prince Louis of Cambridge, but his official name and title are only possible because of his great-grandmother the Queen. A few years before Louis was born, the monarch made changes to the royal rules for Louis and his siblings, but the rules did not apply to his royal cousins. Back in 1917, Her Majesty’s grandfather King George V set out rules on which royals were eligible for titles - and who was too far down the line of succession to qualify for one. His guidance dictated that all of the sovereign's children would automatically become a Prince or Princess. READ MORE: Queen feels 'snubbed' after Harry 'mythologises' relationship Also, any grandchildren born through the male line are entitled to be known as Prince or Princess. In 1917 though, the royal rules regarding Prince and Princess titles did not apply to great-grandchildren of the monarch. However, prior to the birth of William and Kate’s first child in 2013, the Queen made a number of changes to these rules. Her Majesty’s changes meant all children of the eldest child of the Prince of Wales, a title currently held by Prince Charles, could bear the titles of Prince and Princess. DON'T MISS Sussex fans 'enchanted' by Meghan and Harry [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle 'concerned' new book will 'damage her image' - claim [REVEAL] William's decision over kids 'possibly down' to experience with Harry [REPORT] This meant when George was born, he was given the title His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge. Although George is an heir to the throne, the rule also applied to his siblings. This means if the Queen had not intervened Louis would not have been a Prince. Instead, he would have been known as Master Louis Cambridge, after his father’s title, or Master Louis Windsor after the House of Windsor. The Cambridge siblings’ titles make them unique compared to the rest of the Queen’s great-grandchildren. Despite making his public debut aged just a few hours old, little Louis has grown up relatively out of the royal spotlight. This has been partly down to the COVID-19 pandemic as large-scale Royal Family events such as Trooping the Colour were cancelled in recent years. The youngster is fifth in line to the throne - behind his older siblings, his father and Prince Charles. In the new photographs released to mark his birthday, Louis is pictured grinning from ear to ear while enjoying a day out at the beach in Norfolk. In the snaps, he wears a grey jumper that is decorated with four colourful stars with a blue and white checked shirt that peaks out the top. The Prince’s jumper is paired with a pair of turquoise shorts that reached just above his knees.