Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, stepped away from royal duties in March 2020 for private lives in the US where they have signed lucrative deals with Netflix and Spotify as well as sat down with chat show host Oprah Winfrey to discuss royal life. Amid claims Harry is set to attack Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, in a new book out later this year, royal biographer Angela Levin has said it is "tragically sad". She claimed the royal couple are going "downhill." Speaking to Kay Burley on Sky News Breakfast, Ms Levin said: "Their behaviour keeps going downhill. "The fact that it was suspected yesterday that Prince Harry was really going to go for Charles and Camilla. "We're all bored of that, we just want to say move on and try and enjoy your life not on and on endlessly about how badly you were treated. "It's just tragically sad and nothing like the Harry I knew. READ MORE: Queen reveals she was 'exhausted' by Covid  "It's quite painful to watch actually, you want to shake him and say, 'Don't you see what you're doing?' "We've all had enough of it. Be positive and show us a very happy man because you got exactly what you wanted and loads of money." It comes as competitors at this year's Invictus Games are hoping the Duke of Sussex could bring his wife and children to the event. The international competition will take place in The Hague, Netherland, from April 16 to 22 after being delayed by the pandemic. Team UK competitors said they would like to see Meghan, two-year-old Archie and nine-month-old Lili at the Games, with one competitor suggesting it would be a great way for Harry to show his loved ones what he has achieved. It was reported over the weekend by the Daily Mirror that Meghan will travel to the Invictus Games with Harry. The duke founded the games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe, by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics. The Invictus Games was where the couple chose to make their first public appearance together almost five years ago. DON'T MISS Prince Harry picks up habit from Meghan as Duke cuts ties from UK [INSIGHT]Queen and Prince Charles in 'dual monarchy' for 'some time' [ANALYSIS]'You used to shout at me so much' Harry jokes with Sandhurst PTI [VIDEO] Meghan made her first appearance at an official engagement attended by Harry on September 24 2017 when she attended the Invictus Games opening ceremony in Toronto, Canada, although the pair sat about 18 seats apart. The following day, the pair emerged hand in hand to make their first official public appearance together at the wheelchair tennis. Daniel O'Connor, 31, from Hereford, is competing in archery and indoor rowing, and said Harry is "someone who cares a lot". Mr O'Connor, who suffers from chronic pain, said: "He has in his mind the things he wants to achieve in his life, the things he'd like to see change, and he tries to work towards them. And if everyone had that attitude you can imagine how different the world would be." Asked if he would like to see Meghan at the event, Mr O'Connor said: "I think everyone in the Games, all the competitors, are bringing friends and family, and I think if we have the right to bring friends and family then surely Prince Harry does."