Chelsea are reportedly running the risk of losing stars like Reece James and Mason Mount due to their sluggishness in handing their best players new contracts. The Blues are currently in limbo while Roman Abramovich attempts to sell the club and their ownership situation is providing their rivals with opportunities.    The UK Government’s sanctions against Abramovich following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine have hindered Chelsea’s day-to-day working over the past few months. One of many knock-on effects has been the club’s inability to offer their players new contracts. That has severely hindered the club’s plans for the future, with Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen set to leave when their contracts expire on July 1. Rudiger is poised to join Real Madrid, while Christensen is reportedly set for Barcelona after running down his deal in west London. Their departures will leave Thomas Tuchel limited with his options in defence and hoping that the takeover goes through as soon as possible. American billionaire Todd Boehly has reportedly been made Chelsea’s preferred candidate, meaning his consortium’s offer will now be put forward to the Premier League and Government ministers.  JUST IN: Man Utd face transfer dilemma after Kalvin Phillips 'snub' Once Abramovich is no longer in control of Chelsea, they will be able to sign new players, offer new contracts and sell tickets and merchandise. It could already be too late, according to a report by Goal which states Chelsea’s rivals are already sniffing around their players. European giants have contacted players to ask them whether they are interested in running down their deals with a view to future moves. Two of those at risk are Reece James and Mason Mount, who have been stand-out performers for Chelsea this season. DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton future more uncertain than ever as Chelsea bid fails Chelsea bidder Jim Ratcliffe's comments on 'dumb' Man Utd Eriksen school hunting amid Tottenham or Brentford choice - EXCLUSIVE  Wing-back James is under contract with Chelsea until June 2025, but is not one of the club’s highest earners. Real Madrid have shown an interest in the 22-year-old defender and would like to lure him away from his boyhood club in the summer of 2023. Understandably, Chelsea do not want to lose one of their most consistent and promising young academy graduates. James is understood to be happy where he is and is not yet pushing for a new contract or a new club. Mount, meanwhile, is under contract until June 2025 and is well established as a key player for Tuchel. Like James, he is happy at his boyhood club – but he remains some way off the team’s highest earners, making him potentially vulnerable to other clubs. Chelsea will hope the ownership situation is cleared up quickly so they can avoid losing more players due to contract stand-offs. 