As of today, the energy price cap has risen by around £623, meaning energy bills are set to drastically increase for millions of households across the UK. But drivers may be able to save money on their energy bills by looking at their car insurance rates. Alex Kindred, car insurance expert at Confused.com, advised drivers to find ways in which they could save hundreds of pounds per year on the running costs of their car. He said: “Energy prices are on the rise, but unfortunately these are costs that can't be avoided. “With the addition of things like fuel prices now at record high levels, this might be concerning for drivers. “But fear not, there's still ways in which you can save money when it comes to running a vehicle. READ MORE: Car tax changes needed as drivers look to avoid cost of fuel duty loss “Although your car insurance might feel like a large outgoing, it’s actually one of the easiest areas where you could save money. “All you need to do is shop around. If you're up for renewal, consider switching insurers as you might not currently be paying the best deal that's already out there.” Recent data shows that drivers who shopped around during the end of 2021 saved £36 compared to the price at the end of 2020. Motorists are also recommended to pay for their policy annually if they can afford to do so. DON'T MISSMajor diesel law changing today with huge restriction on red diesel [WARNING]French visitor refuses to pay £380 Clean Air Zone fine [SHOCKING]New car tax proposals would save drivers money on fuel costs [INSIGHT] Monthly budgets may help them budget in the long run, but they will most likely be paying interest on top of it. Regular maintenance of a vehicle can also help drivers save money, as Alex Kindred highlighted. He added: “It’s also possible to make savings on your car maintenance costs, which includes MOTs and cleaning. “This costs add up to around £424 per year, but could be more if you don't look after your vehicle. “If your vehicle is due its MOT, make sure you prepare your vehicle properly so that you can avoid failing (and even a costly bill on top if you need to pay for repairs). “Getting your car serviced before its MOT will ensure that your car is road safe and you're not driving illegally. “If you do need repairs, don't be afraid to ask around for different quotes from reputable garages, as you might be able to save money here too.” Essential checks include making sure lights are working correctly, tyres being at the correct pressure and ensuring that the brakes are functioning properly. It is also vital that the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) matches the number in the car’s log book. With rising energy prices, many drivers have also been battling against increasing fuel costs, as seen by the record petrol and diesel prices in recent weeks. Mr Kindred commented: “The price of fuel is the topic of conversation right now, with the latest figures showing that fuel prices are surpassing 163p and 177p for petrol and diesel respectively. “Our latest research found that two in five (40 percent) UK drivers are making a conscious effort to drive less in order to save on fuel at the moment. “By taking some of these steps, you could save yourself some money on the general running and upkeep of your vehicle.”