Royal author Tina Brown said she believes the public could “rally” to the Prince of Wales when he takes to the throne as he is an “authentic person”. Meanwhile, she added that the Duchess of Cornwall has “a lot of charm and naturalness”. Ms Brown, who has penned new book The Palace Papers, told the Telegraph: “Look, I think Charles could become the grandfather of the nation. “I actually think people might rally to him because he is an authentic person and he’s coming in at a moment when his own passions really do meld with the times we live in. “His long-standing passion for the environment and concern about climate change, these are not Palace-manufactured things. “And I think Camilla has a chance to be a sort of instant Queen mother. “She’s got a lot of charm and naturalness and they have this incredible bond as a couple.” Ms Brown’s comments come after the Queen backed Camilla to be Queen Consort when Charles is King, putting years of speculation to an end. Clarence House had previously insisted Camilla would use the Princess Consort title. But the monarch, 95, used a message to the nation for her Platinum Jubilee in February to give her royal seal of approval for Charles’s wife to be Queen. READ MORE: Lilibet could meet Charles and Camilla for the first time in Canada  The Queen said: "I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support. "I remain eternally grateful for, and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me. "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry mocked over Netflix crew in Europe [LIVE BLOG]POLL: Is it time for Meghan Markle to have her royal title removed? [POLL]Sussexes 'only feel safe traveling together' as they head to Holland [INSIGHT] The couple tied the knot in 2005, decades after their romance was first sparked in the 1970s. Charles was previously married to Princess Diana, while Camilla wed Andrew Parker Bowles. But both marriages ended in divorce and Diana died in a Paris car crash in 1997. Charles and Camilla celebrated their 17th wedding anniversary earlier this month.