Blue Light Card, the discount service for emergency services, NHS, social care, and armed forces, is offering members exclusive deals from a number of big-name brands spanning family breaks, eating out, and Easter essentials. With over 2.4 million members across the country, Blue Light Card offers thousands of discounts and benefits exclusively to its cardholders, with an additional few added to the list in time for Easter. If you’re stuck planning activities for the upcoming Easter break, Blue Light Card is here to help narrow down the options. From fun days out at outdoor activity centres and safari parks to a variety of restaurants, members can snap up discounts of up to 40 percent at some establishments. Some of the great offers this Easter include exclusive discounts on holidays at Haven, days out at Go Ape, and up to 25 percent off meals at Bella Italia and Prezzo - to name a few. The list of discounts Blue Light Cardholders can get hold of this Easter include:  READ MORE: Easter egg RIP-OFF: 2022 products are smaller and pricier   Founded in 2008 by ex-Police Constable CTO Steve Denny and business partner CEO Tom Dalby, Blue Light Card was launched to provide those working in the “Blue Light Community” with discounts as a thanks for the tireless work they do to keep the nation safe, healthy, and supported. DON'T MISS: Easter bank holidays: When are supermarkets open? [ANALYSIS]Sunny Easter weekend: temperatures begin to climb for bank holiday [INSIGHT]Cost of living crisis: How to save money on your supermarket shop [EXPLAINED]     Blue Light Card works with over 16,500 partners, both national and local, to provide over 15,500 discounts and benefits exclusively to its cardholders. Foster families have recently joined the extensive list of those eligible to purchase a Blue Light Card. The card costs £4.99 and is available for employed staff members of the following groups:  Retired members of certain services are also eligible to apply for the card. This includes retired staff members of the following groups: To register for a Blue Light Card, click here.