Arsenal icon Paul Merson has tipped the club's top-four rivals Manchester United to suffer another costly setback this weekend. Merson has predicted relegation-threatened Everton will triumph over Ralf Rangnick's uninspiring side when they clash in Saturday's early kick-off. Whilst the Toffees are battling the threat of relegation, losing seven of their nine league games under Frank Lampard, United are clinging onto their hopes of a top-four finish. Rangnick has shaped the broken team inherited from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer into a much harder-to-beat unit. However, the Red Devils often produce toothless attacking performances with a numbing lack of clinical finishing. And their current form has given Merson a feeling that Lampard's outfit will sensationally better them to kick-start the weekend's action. He told Spotskeeda: "Everton suffered a damaging defeat against Burnley and could be in the bottom three by Saturday evening, but something tells me they're going to beat Ralf Rangnick's men. This is a cup final for Frank Lampard's side, and they will have to play consistently across 90 minutes to get a result, which has been a major problem for them in recent weeks. JUST IN: Chelsea star Rudiger's Juventus move hits rocks with future uncertain "Manchester United are just all over the place at the moment. They weren't good enough against Leicester City last weekend. There's a lot of talk that they're better off without Cristiano Ronaldo, but I'm afraid I have to disagree with that idea. "He's not going to win them the Premier League - I said this when he joined the club - but they are certainly a better team with him. I have a feeling they might look to let him go this summer - we'll have to wait and see how that situation develops under their new manager." Reports indicate Cristiano Ronaldo hasn't taken part in on-field training with the United squad ahead of Saturday's trip to Goodison. With Edinson Cavani also sidelined and Rangnick's faith in Marcus Rashford non-existent, the visitors could face the same issues they experienced in the tepid 1-1 draw against Leicester City. READ MORE: Aston Villa boss Gerrard gives Tottenham star Kane transfer advice Despite his confidence in Everton sealing a monumental result against United, Merson believes they would be destined for relegation with defeat. He continued: "Everton's next few games are absolutely atrocious, and I think they'll probably get relegated if they lose this one. "Burnley's run-in looks a lot simpler on paper. After this game, they [Everton] have Leicester twice, Liverpool, Chelsea and Arsenal to play until the end of the campaign along with other teams. You can call me mad, but I can see the Toffees getting all three points here." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.