Manchester United are interested in Darwin Nunez amid their intentions to sign a new centre-forward this summer. The 22-year-old has been in electric form this season, netting 31 goals in 36 matches across all competitions. However, any move to Old Trafford won’t be straightforward. Manchester United have set their sights on landing a new striker this summer amid Cristiano Ronaldo’s inconsistent form. And Nunez is on their shortlist having flourished for Benfica and enhancing his reputation as one of European football’s best young players. United will face competition from the likes of Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain when it comes to securing the signature of the Uruguay international. And they’ll also have to pay in the region of £60million to bring him to Old Trafford. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now take a look at four players they could use in a potential swap deal. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Back in the summer of 2015, United needed a striker. Wayne Rooney was on the wane, Radamel Falcao had been sent back to Monaco and Robin van Persie was allowed to leave for Fenerbahce. United then proceeded to spend big on Anthony Martial, believing the France international could potentially win the Ballon d’Or one day. Yet they’ve proven to be mistaken, with Martial failing to realise his potential. His struggles have continued at Sevilla, who he joined on loan during the January transfer window. Therefore, it’s hard to see a way back for the player. Benfica would be able to offer him a platform to find his best form again, something that may appeal to the misfiring forward. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Alex Telles has previously played in Portugal with Porto. But he could be tempted to return with Benfica if he’s deemed surplus to requirements at the end of the season. While Telles has enjoyed more game time under Ralf Rangnick than he did under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, he remains second-choice to Luke Shaw. Therefore, using the Brazil international to lower down Nunez’s price tag has the makings of a potentially shrewd move. Other clubs have been linked with Telles, however, with Inter Milan one of them over the past 12 months. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Nemanja Matic rebuilt his career at Benfica during the early stages of his career after being cut loose by Chelsea. Therefore, the possibility to return for a second stint could be something that appeals to the veteran. United have Matic under contract until 2023 but, as the veteran enters the twilight years of his time in the game, cutting him loose seems a logical call. Sure, Matic wouldn’t substantially lower Nunez’s price tag. But he could at least see it drop a little and save the Red Devils hierarchy some cash in the process. Donny van de Beek’s time at United hasn’t worked out. And neither has his short stint with Everton, having joined the Toffees on loan back in January. So what about a move to Benfica? The European giants elsewhere won’t be looking at the 24-year-old given his poor form over the last two years and a move to Portugal would enable him to rebuild his career. That seems unlikely, admittedly, but United could at least test the waters by offering Van de Beek as bait to lower Nunez’s price tag.