Death in Paradise fans were left gutted following the finale of series 11 after beloved character Florence Cassell (played by Josephine Jobert) left the show. The detective decided to leave Saint Marie after taking part in a dangerous undercover mission where she almost got shot. However, BBC bosses didn't kill the detective off, meaning she could make a return to the series one day. However, in a new interview, the actress who played Florence opened up about how she landed her role in the BBC cop drama. Josephine spoke with her former co-star Tahj Miles, who plays police officer Marlon Pryce in Death in Paradise. Josephine explained before she got the part of Florence, she had auditioned for the show before but didn't get the part. She admitted back then her English wasn't as good as it is now, and so there was a language barrier. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait She recalled: "Funny fact... before I auditioned for Florence, I auditioned two years earlier for another character, a guest actor. "But my English at that time isn't what it is today. I did the first audition and then I had a callback and they gave me a script and I had to read the script. "However, it was the first time I had seen the script so I didn't have the chance to practice before, and so I didn't get the job. "I auditioned with the casting director and for the callback, they gave me a scene to read but because my English wasn't that good at the time, reading a scene... it was difficult." "I didn't get the job but thankfully, three years later I auditioned for Florence and for a main character," Josephine continued in Tahj's podcast The Table Read. "Sometimes when things don't happen and you're like, 'Oh, it's a shame,' but it's for a good reason." Josephine joined the cast as Florence Cassell in season four but as a uniformed police officer. She worked closely beside fellow officer Dwayne Myers (Danny John-Jules), lead detective Humphrey Goodman (Kris Marshall) and Camille Bordey (Sara Martins). DON'T MISS...Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker 'should be replaced by Whoopi Goldberg'  [VIDEO]Emmerdale star explains how sexuality affected acting career [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Ben set kitchen alight in baking mishap [NEWS] However, Camille soon left Saint Marie to take her dream job in Paris as an undercover officer. Rather than replacing the detective, the Commissioner (Don Warrington) decided to promote Florence to detective. Speaking about when she auditioned for the part of Florence, the actress said: "I was excited because it was the first time auditioning for a main character in an English series. "I remember the other actors who were there, they spoke English a little bit so we recorded the tape together. The actress went on to discuss how she was "afraid" to replace Sara as a detective in the drama. She added: "It was a huge responsibility and I was more afraid about how the audience would react because every time a character leaves, you know how people are." Josephine admitted she was also "extremely nervous" as Death in Paradise was her first TV role speaking in English. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.