The move comes after Prince William and Kate faced protests and criticism during their eight-day Caribbean tour earlier this month. Following the royal trip, black and indigenous groups from Jamaica, Belize and The Bahamas have united as part of a push for slavery reparations from the UK and to oust the Queen as head of state in the three nations. In a statement, reported by the Independent, the Bahamas National Reparations Committee (BNRC), the Advocacy Network in Jamaica and the indigenous Maya people of Belize slammed the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's recent royal tour. They said: “We stand united in rejecting the so-called charm offensive tour of the Caribbean undertaken by William and Catherine, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, which is in sharp opposition to the needs and aspirations of indigenous peoples and people of African descent in the Caribbean. “We stand united in condemning Britain's savagery in enslaving our ancestors, the coarse indecency of colonial exploitation, the brutality of its enforcers, and the enduring legacies of impoverishment and colonial-era ideologies that have damaged and continue to damage our people, our society and our economy. “Going forward, we will stand stronger, united in our call for reparatory justice and in supporting the roadmap for redress laid out by the CARICOM Reparations Commission. "We will stand strong, united in our celebration of the resilience of Caribbean people who have accomplished much since our independence, against the odds, and we commit to continuing in this tradition in tackling contemporary challenges, rooting out all vestiges of our post-colonial past and empowering our people to achieve more.” It comes after William and Kate faced criticism during their Caribbean tour, from accusations that Belize locals were not consulted about a royal engagement to calls for slavery reparations in Jamaica. Ending their trip to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas last weekend, the future king acknowledged the monarchy's days in those nations may be numbered as he stated the future "is for the people to decide upon". READ MORE: Harry and Meghan have 'backed themselves into a corner'  In a statement reflecting on the tour, William also insisted that who the Commonwealth chooses to be its leader "isn't what is on my mind", but what concerned him was its potential to "create a better future for the people who form it". He added that he and his wife Kate were "committed to service" and saw their role as supporting people "not telling them what to do". During the tour, the Cambridges were accused of being "tone deaf" after they were seen shaking hands with crowds behind a wire mesh fence in Kingston. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen [LIVE BLOG]Royal family are ‘very good at adapting' Charles will find a way [ANALYSIS]Kate's most popular outfit in Caribbean solidified 'style icon' status [PICTURES] Media coverage of the tour was split, with some emphasising the positive impact of their presence in the Caribbean, while others described the fence photograph as a "PR disaster". William is destined to be King of Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas when the time comes, but his statement as the tour came to a close indicated the future monarch is aware the changing political and cultural landscape may bring this to an end. It comes after Barbados replaced the Queen as head of state in November, and elected its first president during a ceremony witnessed by Prince Charles.