Scott Robinson, 42, sported a different look from his early days as a band member of group Five. It comes after the singer joined Eamonn Holmes on GB News today. Scott, who is now a family man, shot to fame when he dominated the charts alongside his other group members Sean Conlon, Ritchie Neville, Jason 'J' Brown and Abz Love. The band had their posters plastered on the walls of fans from all over the country. Now, 20 years later, the pop star has remained in showbiz, presenting The Big Drive Home afternoon show on Radio Essex. However, Scott's appearance had changed slightly as he has grown a huge beard, making even some of even the most ardent 90s pop fans struggle to recognise him. READ MORE: Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!' Ahead of his appearance on GB News, Scott explained he would soon be on air with Eamonn. In view of his 26,100 followers, he took to his Instagram stories and shared a video message on his way to the studios in London. Sitting in the back seat of the car, he explained: "Early pick-up this morning. "I'm on my way to GB News. It's not that early, only 6.30am."  Speaking about the group on GB News, Scott said: "I've never been happier to be a member of Five." He added: "It's an amazing experience." The performer explained to Eamonn he had spent his time during their break working on his podcast and radio shows. DON'T MISS... Louise Minchin hints at TV return months after BBC exit[LATEST]Helen Skelton announces heartbreaking split from husband Richie Myler[ADMISSION]Madonna, 63, looks younger than ever in racy leather outfit[PICTURES] He went on: "I'm on my way to GB News with Eamonn Holmes. So check it out. "I think I'm on at 9.10, which means I'm cutting it a little bit fine, because I'm not there yet." He's very much settled down with his wife Kerry - who he married the day after the group split up in 2001 - and they share a son and twin girls. Scott shared a sweet tribute to her on Valentine's Day pointing out it was their 24th together.  He wrote: "I don't know how you have put up with me for all these years. I love you as much today as I did back then, you are my everything." Essex-born Scott's path to stardom began in 1997 when he auditioned to appear in 5ive beating over 3,000 other wannabes. The group sold 1.6 million albums and 2.4 million singles in the UK alone. 5ive have reunited over the years with original members Sean and Ritchie. 