Lewis Hamilton isn't giving up on getting a title challenge going in 2022 despite a difficult start to the season. Hamilton, 37, left it late to confirm he would be driving in the new campaign following the controversial events of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in December, which ultimately robbed him of an unprecedented eighth world title. The British driver has since insisted he doesn't want to be defined by the events of the Yas Marina, and said he was still motivated by the opportunity to make history in the sport. However, he has struggled to make an impact in the first three Grand Prix races, with Mercedes finding it tough to get to grips with the new technical regulations that have been introduced into the sport. Hamilton did notch a fortuitous podium finish in the opening race in Bahrain, after both Red Bull drivers retired in the closing stages. However, disaster struck in qualifying in Saudi Arabia, when he was eliminated in Q1 before ending up 10th in the Grand Prix. In Australia, the Silver Arrows remained off the pace, with Hamilton crossing the line in fourth place, again benefiting from Max Verstappen failing to finish. The result left him fifth in the standings on 28 points and his team second in the constructors' race - but the gap in pace to Ferrari and Red Bull remains sizeable. JUST IN: Max Verstappen hits out at F1 safety car and calls for investigation The next race is the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix on April 24, and Hamilton says he'll be taking to Zoom between now and then to address the current problems:  "There's a lot of work, and there'll be a lot of calls, naturally," he said. "I'm on a lot of Zoom calls with all the sponsors and our bosses, really trying to rally them up. We've got some improvements that we need to make. And we need everyone's support in doing so, in just making sure we leave no stone unturned. "I prefer to stay optimistic. There are 20 races to go. If you think realistically, with the way how the sport goes in terms of everyone's development, the top teams often develop at a similar pace and similar rate. Will that be the case with this new car? Who knows? DON'T MISS:Mercedes boss Toto Wolff gives reasons he's 'very optimistic' after Australian GPTed Kravitz sheds light on 'Ferrari threatening Haas over engine power' rumoursLewis Hamilton jokes he may chop off his ear as Mercedes driver in jewellery row with FIA "I'm really, really hoping we can get in the fight soon. But with every bit of improvement we will probably make, [Ferrari] and Red Bull will probably make a similar sort of step, so it's not going be easy. Yes the gap is pretty big right now. But there is a long way to go." And Hamilton admitted he's hassling all Mercedes staff as he seeks the improvements he needs: "It's making sure the hunger is really there and we're maximising absolutely every moment," he continued. "I'm chasing the people that are in the wind tunnel, the aero guys, and just looking at absolutely every single area. There's performance to be gained in areas that we know. And we need it now."