Gazza is a two-part BBC documentary that tells the story of the footballing genius whose on-the-pitch brilliance was rivalled by a troubled personal life and the media circus that followed him. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, producer Vaughan Sivell shared the reaction Paul Gascoigne had when he previewed the “painful” documentary. The documentary uses almost exclusively archive footage to tell Paul’s story. Voices from members of the media who were involved in the intrusive coverage at the time are used alongside family and friends of the footballer. Some of Paul’s England teammates also contributed to the documentary as well as a former agent and personal assistant. Ahead of its airing, Vaughan revealed Paul had seen the documentary and shared his thoughts with the producer. Read more: ITV drama lays bare how canoe fraudster was 'brought to justice' “He liked it,” Vaughan said. “I think it's a very brave thing to do. “He's involved and, but didn't have any editorial control or creative control at all. “And so he literally did see it sort of finished and it's very raw for him. I certainly wouldn't like somebody to make a film about me and I didn't do half of it so it's very raw for him.” Vaughan explained he shared a very “emotional” conversation with Paul about the project. The producer explained: “Once we were able to express the balanced view we wanted to take and what that process would be, how seriously we'd taken what our aspiration for the film was, it wasn't difficult to convince him. “The main reason is we said we were going to try and tell the truth about that period of his life from this perspective, that was [director Samson Collins’] idea and that interested him. “What I think is most telling about how he feels about it now is, all I can tell you from having a very long and moving, for the both of us, conversation very recently was that he became incredibly emotional talking to me about things like his dad. “But also the pain he feels at still wishing he could play football.” DON'T MISS Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait [VIDEO]Dianne Buswell shares heartache over Aljaz’s Strictly exit [INTERIVEW]BBC labelled ‘propaganda machine’ after slashing Brexit from report [INSIGHT] “You just assume having done so much that they get over it,” Vaughan continued. “And I think that's because we see the likes of your Gary Linekers and they're smooth and easy about their new life and what they've gone on to since and Paul isn't there. “I’m sure they all say, ‘I wish I was still playing,’ but Paul really wishes he was there. “Obviously he doesn’t look back on the worst of those moments with much joy but he still looks back on what is this part of the film we've always called ‘Gazzamania’, he really wishes he was back there. “He really wishes he was still playing,” Vaughan added. “And he says he loved every moment of it.” The first episode of the two-part documentary looks back at Paul’s early years when he moved to London to join Terry Venables’ Tottenham Hotspur. In the footage, you see how ‘Gazzamania’ was born and how Paul struggled to cope with the media intrusion. Gazza airs on BBC Two on Wednesday at 9pm.