Jens Stoltenberg, has hinted NATO is “in the midst of a very fundamental transformation” that will reflect “the long-term consequences” of Vladimir Putin’s actions. The comments come amid a temporary reprieve in the conflict after Russian forces retreated from northern Ukraine, leaving a trail of mass graves and dead civilians in their wake, according to the British Defence Ministry.  Mr Stoltenberg told The Telegraph: “What we see now is a new reality, a new normal for European security. “Therefore, we have now asked our military commanders to provide options for what we call a reset, a longer-term adaptation of NATO.” The revelation comes as Boris Johnson made a surprise visit to Kyiv to hold talks with the Ukrainian president, Volodymyr Zelensky. The Prime Minister used the visit, which was planned in secrecy, to announce Britain was sending anti-ship missiles and 120 armoured vehicles in the latest batch of military assistance.   On Saturday night, Mr Johnson said: “Ukraine has defied the odds and pushed back Russian forces from the gates of Kyiv, achieving the greatest feat of arms of the 21st century.” In a joint television appearance with Mr Zelensky, he added: “I think that the Ukrainians have shown the courage of a lion, and you Volodymyr have given the roar of that lion. “Having been here in Kyiv for just a few hours, I have no doubt at all that an independent sovereign Ukraine will rise again thanks above all to the heroism, the courage of the people of Ukraine.” Mr Johnson’s visit to Kyiv was not announced in advance and the first indication he was in the city came when a photograph of his meeting with President Zelensky was put on Twitter by the Ukrainian embassy in London. READ MORE: Putin detailed plan to 'exterminate' Ukrainians in 'Mein Kampf'  A Downing Street spokesman said: “The Prime Minister has travelled to Ukraine to meet President Zelensky in person, in a show of solidarity with the Ukrainian people.” Mr Johnson also confirmed further economic support for the defending nation, taking total UK loan guarantees to £770m. Mr Zelensky welcomed the UK's “decisive and significant support” for his country and urged other Western allies to intensify the pressure on Moscow. He said: “We have to exert pressure in the form of sanctions. “It is time to impose a complete embargo on Russian energy resources. “They should increase the amount of weapons being supplied.” DON'T MISS:Cricket legend Imran Khan ‘gracefully’ ousted as Pakistan’s PMBodies of 132 Ukrainians found in Makariv Macron’s ‘arrogance’ could cost him French election In a Facebook post, Andriy Sybiha, deputy head of the Ukrainian president's office, said: “The UK is the leader in defence support for Ukraine. “The leader in the anti-war coalition. The leader in sanctions against the Russian aggressor.” European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and the EU's foreign policy chief Josep Borrell both made visits to Ukraine for talks with President Zelensky on Friday, and Austrian Chancellor Karl Nehammer met him in Kyiv on Saturday. But Mr Johnson is the first member of a G7 country to travel to the Ukrainian capital for talks during the conflict. Mr Stoltenberg requested other countries to emulate Britain’s support for Ukraine, as he signalled agreement with Mr Zelensky’s view that nations such as Germany were making a false distinction between “defensive” weapons they were willing to supply to Kyiv, and “offensive” weapons that they see as a red line. 