During the Queen's royal tour of Australia in 2006, Angela Kelly pulled an April Fools prank on the animal-loving monarch and was said to have reacted with disbelief and laughter once she discovered the truth. The royal dressmaker and confidant wrote in her book ‘The Other Side of The Coin: The Queen’, which was authorised by the Queen herself, about a conversation the pair had while visiting Sydney.  The Queen spoke specifically of her anticipation to see the kookaburra bird, which is only located in Australia and New Guinea. The account in the book recalls how Ms Kelly found a soft toy version of the bird in a market while the Queen was attending an engagement, and where she then concocted the plan to pull the prank. Ms Kelly wrote: “I had something in mind I thought the Queen would enjoy. “Back at the Governor’s House I went up to her room to find the perfect perch. I placed it on the balcony in a little cage.”  She continued: “I waited for her to return and when she came in I said, ‘Your Majesty, there’s a funny looking grey bird on your balcony.’ “The Queen looked outside and shouted, ‘It’s a kookaburra!’ “I went to open the cage doors and she said loudly, ‘No! Don’t do that! It will fly away!’ and was behind me in a flash.” Ms Kelly added: “Turning to Her Majesty while trying to keep a straight face, I solemnly told her it was dead. READ MORE:Russian soldiers killed and hundreds seriously ill “She looked horrified as I walked towards her with outstretched arms and as she took the bird from my hands, she realised I had been winding her up.” The Queen was shocked, and Ms Kelly quickly remarked: “April Fool! I said with a mischievous grin, and she only had two words for me: 'You’re sacked!'" Prince Philip, a man well-known for his sense of humour and love of pranks, was with the Queen during the tour and was quickly told about the incident. Ms Kelly added: “I was laughing uncontrollably as Her Majesty turned to His Royal Highness and said ‘Do you know what she has just done to me? DON'T MISS:Midsomer Murders' Fiona Dolman says she saw a new side to Neil Dudgeon (REVEAL)World War 3 risk ‘high’ as China, North Korea and Iran exploit West (INSIGHT)POLL: Should the public decide if royals get to keep their titles? (POLL)  "'Angela has had me!’ and I just couldn’t stop giggling.” The Queen and Ms Kelly became well-acquainted over the several years that Angela has been her dressmaker, confidant, and personal assistant. Ms Kelly was appointed by the Queen as a Member of the Royal Victorian Order (MVO) and then promoted to Lieutenant of the same Order (LVO) in 2012 as a sign of the deep gratitude felt by the monarch. 