After saying “I do” at Westminster Abbey’s altar, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge stood on the balcony at Buckingham Palace, demonstrating to the world their joy and love towards one another. It is tradition for members of the Royal Family to kiss on this balcony after marriage, and this is what the Cambridges did too. Body language expert Judi James claimed that Kate and William were “impeccable on the big day”. She continued: “They were the couple that planned to avoid all the soap opera drama and intense press interest of his [William’s] parents’ relationship and in many ways they did start as they meant to go on. “Their maturity as a couple was obvious in their synchronicity and their ability to genuinely enjoy their big day without obvious signals of anxiety and over-excitement. “William had chosen Kate for her suitability for the role of future Queen as well as for love and he had reflected hard before handing her a share of the burden of responsibility and destiny that he had carried solo for his whole life.” READ MORE: Grass care: How to get rid of moss from your lawn using baking soda However, Judi said that “despite the desire to get it perfect, there were some subtle but powerful body language cues to signal strong underlying emotions and bonds between the couple”. One of these cues was the couple’s mirroring of one another. The body language expert said: “Kate and William had a very strong trait of mirroring, or what is called postural echo from the word go. “With some couples this can be because one is deliberately mirroring the other and in a royal match it would have been easy for Kate to mirror her husband in a bid to learn the ropes, in terms of becoming a royal, but this mirroring was much more profound and subliminal. “If anything it was often William mirroring Kate, especially with gestures like her rather more friendly and less ‘royal’ wave.  “Mirroring in a couple can suggest deep ties in terms of like-minded thinking, and although William and Kate avoided any but the most traditional PDAs (Public Displays of Affection) and touch rituals, this ‘twinning’ of their body language revealed this was a strong match in terms of personalities and values. “It also illustrated an even balance of status, too. Because the couple had known each other for a long time there was none of the passive coyness or giggles of other royal brides.” Judi added that “Kate looked confident, even more than William at some moments”. As for the couple’s balcony kiss, the body language expert said: “This was a well synchronised kiss that suggested physical synchronicity and familiarity. “Their rounded cheeks also suggested they were both smiling as they kissed, sharing the fun in the way that previous royal couples had not always been able to do thanks to the pressure and tensions of the occasion.” Judi went on to say how happy and in love William especially looked on his wedding day. She said: “William tried so hard to play it cool for his wedding and stress how long they had been together to imply logic over romance. “On the day though his smile was a complete give-away of how thrilled and in love he really was. “There were muscle suppressions and puckering around the corners of his lips as he tried to avoid a wide and soppier ‘in love’ grin, but his loving eye expressions and his look of suppressed delight said it all about his feelings for his bride.” Above all, Kate and William looked like they were having fun on their wedding day. Judi explained: “At the time, this didn’t seem like a deal-maker or breaker but when William lost Harry to the US he also lost his partner in crime when it came to banter and jokes. “Which makes the shared fun signals in these poses with Kate so much more important. “They laughed a lot on their wedding day and this is a trait that seems to have endured and even increased in their marriage.”