Alan Pardew is set for a sensational return to management after reportedly taking training at CSKA Sofia. The 60-year-old has been working as the Bulgarian club’s technical director since November 2020. Pardew took a behind-the-scenes role at CSKA Sofia after leaving his previous job as manager of Dutch club ADO Den Haag. But, according to Sky Sports, he took to the field to oversee a training session on Thursday after manager Stoycho Mladenov resigned, citing a lack of control over the club’s transfer policy. Pardew is set to manage the team when they go head-to-head with local rivals Levski Sofia this weekend and could be in charge of the team until the end of the season as the club search for a new permanent boss. The veteran manager turned his back on the Premier League in 2018 after he was sacked by West Brom after eight successive league defeats. The former midfielder lasted just four months at the Hawthorns as the Baggies went on to suffer relegation to the Championship. JUST IN: Man Utd outcast Martial admits future is 'complicated' amid struggles   Pardew began his management career at Reading and led the club to promotion to the second tier in 2002. He was appointed West Ham boss in 2003 and led the Hammers to promotion back to the Premier League after they had previously dropped down a division. During a three-year spell in east London, the manager led the club to the FA Cup final and UEFA Cup qualification, as well as a ninth-placed Premier League finish. After Pardew was sacked by the Hammers, he had spells with Charlton Athletic and Southampton. He won the Football League trophy during his time on the south coast but was sacked in 2010, with the club struggling in League One. Remarkably, Pardew was handed a five-and-a-half year contract at Premier League giants Newcastle United just months after his Saints dismissal. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's new-look XI if Gabriel to Barcelona swap deal helps solve striker issueErik ten Hag planning Man Utd backroom staff team 'with three on shortlist'Villarreal ace Capoue rubs sult in Bayern boss Nagelsmann's wounds     He enjoyed a decent stint at St James’ Park but left at the start of 2015 after Crystal Palace negotiated a compensation package with the Magpies. Pardew took the Eagles to the FA Cup final in 2016 but was sacked the following season, with the side languishing just above the relegation zone. His final job in England at West Brom proved miserable as Pardew later opted to move overseas. And he will be hoping he can prove his mettle as a boss in Bulgaria. “English football specialist Alan Pardew will henceforth be part of the big red family of the Army,” read a club statement from CSKA Sofia after they appointed him as their technical director. “He will take the position of technical director and will help with his vast experience and contacts in the overall development of the club and attracting players to the representative team.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here