Dillian Whyte has broken his silence as he prepares to face Tyson Fury at Wembley Stadium on Saturday night. Fury is set to put his heavyweight belt on the line for the second time since winning it from Deontay Wilder in 2020. “I don’t care what Tyson Fury says,” Whyte told BT Sport. “Tyson Fury says a lot of s***. His mouth’s like a toilet - it just keeps on flushing and flushing and flushing and flushing. That’s Tyson Fury, he just flushes any random s*** that comes out of his mouth. “I don’t really care about what he says or what he does - me and him are gonna have a fight regardless. We’re gonna get in there and we’re gonna fight regardless. I don’t care what he says, I don’t care about mind games - I don’t care about all of that. “Listen, I’m a fighter, I’m a warrior. If he wants it anytime, anywhere, I’m down. He can’t get in my head. If he gets in my head he’s just gonna find a lot of disturbance in there so I don’t give a f***.” READ MORE: David Haye faces 'commentary ban' after backing Dillian Whyte upset   Whyte failed to show up for the initial launch press conference last month because he and his team have had a string of disputes with Fury’s UK co-promoter Frank Warren. But the challenger is set to attend a Zoom virtual press conference on Thursday. And Whyte has defended himself for his no-show as he reminded fans that the Gypsy King did the same thing ahead of his 2016 bout with Wladimir Klitschko, which was ultimately cancelled. DON'T MISS:Tyson Fury has new opponent on standby in case Dillian Whyte withdrawsDillian Whyte shares criticism of Tyson Fury undercardAnthony Joshua vs Oleksandr Usyk 'delayed as talks restart over date'    “With Tyson Fury you have to expect everything,” Whyte continued. “This is a man that’s weighed in and pulled out of the fight on the day of the fight. He weighed in to fight Alexander Ustinov and he pulled out on the day. “This is a man that pulled out of the Wladimir Klitschko fight and just showed a picture of his ankle. People forget Tyson Fury didn’t turn up to the Wladimir Klitschko press conference. Everyone’s giving me stick, but Tyson Fury didn’t actually turn up to the Wladimir Klitschko press conference.” Whyte has won 28 of his 30 fights, with 19 of those coming courtesy of a knockout. And former boxing star David Haye thinks the 34-year-old could pull-off a surprise result this weekend. “He’s got a massive chance,” Haye said. “I think people are really underestimating him and there’s a reason why he’s not got his shot for as long as he has. It’s not because of his lack of boxing ability, it’s because he’s as dangerous as he is.” 