Gifting while you are still alive is a great way to reduce IHT. However, not all gifts you make will be free; your gifts will be classed as a potentially exempt transfer or a chargeable lifetime transfer for IHT purposes. This is a gift or transfer of unlimited value, which has the potential to be exempt if you survive seven years from the date of the gift. If you don’t survive the gift by seven years, the PET becomes potentially chargeable and is added to the value of your estate for IHT. If the combined value is more than the IHT threshold, IHT may be due. This means the remainder of the gift that falls outside the nil rate band will only be subject to inheritance tax. However, it may benefit from a reduction in tax depending on the number of years the individual survived since the gift. READ MORE: New inheritance tax 'get around' becoming more popular amid Sunak Budget fears If a death occurs within seven years of the gift, the tax would be as follows: Less than three years - 0 percent Three to four years - 20 percent Four to five years - 40 percent Five to six years - 60 percent Six to seven years - 80 percent Seven years and above - 100 percent DON'T MISSInheritance tax warning as more low income households set to pay more [NOTICE] Inheritance tax: 'Important caveat' when legally reducing bill [WARNING] Beat Sunak’s stealth inheritance tax raid - clever IHT hack [INSIGHT]  For example: Shaun gifts a property (mortgage-free) to his son Charlie. The value of the home is £425,000. As it is not his main residence it will not benefit from residency relief. The property is £100,000 above the nil rate band (£325,000) and therefore Shaun must survive seven years to ensure this gift is not subject to IHT. However, Shaun died five years after gifting the property to Charlie. Therefore, the gift was called back into his estate for IHT purposes. Due to the potentially exempt transfer he did not incur the full tax charge of £40,000 (40 percent of £100,000). Instead, Charlie paid £24,000 (60 percent off the full IHT rate taxable) on the gift. * The following figures, including gifts, potential exemptions on transfers, tax-efficient status, tax and qualifying criteria, are subject to future changes. The figures provided are for general guidance, and you should seek financial advice for personal recommendations. Some gifts may require a survival term beyond seven years and therefore you should seek professional advice where needed. A CLT is a gift made during an individual’s lifetime that is immediately chargeable to IHT. This does not necessarily mean there will be IHT to pay, but it does have to be assessed to see if a charge to IHT will arise. If the amount gifted is within the available nil rate band, there will be no IHT due immediately. Gifts above the nil rate band will likely suffer a charge of half of the IHT tax rate.  You should seek legal or financial advice on gifts to see what tax implication you may incur, if any. We all love a freebie! And there are plenty of free gifts you can make to help reduce your estate value, if needed, and ultimately reduce or avoid inheritance tax. Copy extracted from THE MONEY EDIT: Your No Shame, No Blame Guide to Taking Control of your Money by Makala Green, published by Yellow Kite £16,99 