Exiled golf star Phil Mickelson has been defended by Gary Player, after the South African caused controversy on day one of the Masters Tournament at Augusta. Player featured alongside fellow golf stalwarts Jack Nicklaus and Tom Watson at the event’s annual ceremonial start. Whilst on the opening tee in Georgia, the 86-year-old was seen donning a sweater that showcased the Golf Saudi logo. Player is recognised as an ambassador for the Saudi golf group. The Middle Eastern state’s recent steps into golf has sent shockwaves around the sport, with the newly introduced LIV Investment series offering a contentious breakaway tour to some of golf’s biggest players. Despite being snubbed by nearly all of the world’s best, one man who controversially seemed to pledge his support is six-time major champion Phil Mickelson. Mickelson found himself at the centre of the saga after branding the Saudi state as ‘scary motherf*****s’, but was willing to pledge his allegiance to the cause despite its poor human rights record in order to ‘gain leverage’ over the PGA Tour. The American’s comments left his once glittering golf legacy in tatters, forcing him into a grovelling apology. JUST IN: Masters 2022 LIVE leaderboard: Tiger Woods tees off early to mark incredible comeback During his statement Mickelson confirmed that he would be taking a ‘break’ from golf, and has therefore missed this week’s Masters - an event he has won three times. Following his recent exile fellow Saudi Golf supporter Player has pledged support behind the American. Speaking at Augusta this week, the South African admitted that Mickelson had said some ‘terrible things’ but insisted that the three-time green jacket winner should be forgiven, describing him as ‘the greatest PR man in golf’. He said: “I think we live in a time now when we are such a judgmental society, a litigious society, a critical society, where people get crucified. DON'T MISSMasters 2022 odds: Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy and Jon Rahm lead field5 embarrassing Masters moments - including Woods' horror 10 on par 3Masters 2022 radio coverage: How to listen to rounds live from Augusta “The greatest PR man on the golf Tour in the last five or X amount of years has been Phil Mickelson. He has been the ideal man for a sponsor, for professional golf, for the public, the way he's handled the public, with dignity and with love. “And he makes a mistake, which every one of you in this room will have made a damn mistake. We all have. And he said he's sorry… He should go on with his life. I think it's pitiful.” Player went on to confirm that he had spoken with Mickelson over the phone and told him to ‘keep his head up high’."