Despite scoring 76 percent of the votes against Marine Le Pen in Cergy, at his first public appearance since his re-election, Emmanuel Macron was met with anger by residents of the French capital's suburb. Speaking in the Paris suburb this morning, the President renewed his commitment to listen to all voters after he won the presidential election against Ms Le Pen on Sunday. But as he walked through a crowd, protesters threw tomatoes at him. He said this morning: "I have come to say that I have heard the voices of each and everyone and that I will continue to be engaged with the neighbourhoods that are most in difficulty, in all the territories of our Republic that are most in difficulty, every day." A security umbrella was briefly deployed to protect the president from "projectiles" as he strolled through a market in the Saint-Christophe district. Questioned about his future Prime Minister during his walkabout on the Cergy market, the French leader replied that he wanted to choose someone "sensitive on social, environmental and productive issues". Enough to fuel speculation on the name of the future head of government. A Macron strategist said the president would name a new prime minister before the June legislative elections. Mr Macron needs to send a signal that he has heard the frustrations of voters expressed in low turnout and big scores for radical far-right and far-left parties. A French government official said: "The president is keen to name a woman. Someone who understands the state machinery but is not political." The official and one other government source said President Macron, who has strived to have a gender-balanced cabinet, was looking for a woman prime minister after failing to fulfil a campaign assurance to do so during his first term. READ MORE: Russian arms depot explosion after 'Ukrainian strike'  If it were so, she would be the first since Edith Cresson briefly occupied the Hotel de Matignon during the presidency of Socialist leader Francois Mitterrand in the early 1990s. The same two sources, who are familiar with the President's thinking, said he also wanted a person with proven 'green' credentials. During the presidential campaign, Mr Macron said he would put his next prime minister in charge of "green planning", aiming to appeal to left-wing voters' nostalgia for post-war central planning while tapping into 21st century worries about climate change. Such a profile could go some way to countering the challenge mounted by hard-left veteran Jean-Luc Melenchon, who came a strong third in the presidential election's first round and wants to rally a union of the left to dominate parliament and force Mr Macron into an awkward "cohabitation". Mr Macron's first prime minister, Edouard Philippe, was the unknown mayor of the mid-sized port city of Le Havre when he was propelled to Matignon. The amenable Philippe grew increasingly popular during the pandemic, giving empathetic news conferences that contrasted with Macron's war-like addresses. DON'T MISS:Trump reveals horrific threat to Vladimir Putin to prevent war [VIDEO]Putin facing race against time with Russian morale 'dangerously low' [INSIGHT]The world must get involved to end Ukraine conflict [ANALYSIS] Mr Philippe's popularity left President Macron feeling threatened, sources have said. Mr Macron sacked Mr Philippe and replaced him with Jean Castex, an innocuous mayor with a strong regional lilt from near the Pyrenees. The Elysee palace said at the time President Macron wanted a new prime minister to embody a "new chapter" after lockdown. Now, within President Macron's party, several names are circulating - often a sure sign they will not be the right ones. Among them, Labour Minister Elisabeth Borne and Agriculture Minister Julien Denormandie. They are both seen as competent left-leaning technocrats with experience in environmental affairs. But the government official played them down. "It would look like we're recycling old ministers," the official said. Two parliamentary sources said the name of Nicolas Sarkozy's former environment minister, Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet, was also being discussed in political corridors. As in 2017, the president is likely to keep his cards close to his chest until the last minute. "The president will surprise us," the government official said.