While Kombucha is relatively new to supermarkets, it actually emerged in northern China more than 2000 years ago where it quickly became known as the “Elixir of Longevity”, due to the profound impact it was believed to have had on health and the suppression of disease. Fast forward 2,000 years and there’s now a growing foundation of clinical evidence to support the belief. The components that make up Kombucha are said to have the capacity to positively improve both our physical and mental health. Dr Sam Watts MCMA, lead Ayurvedic consultant and founder of Mind Body Medical, said: “Arguably kombucha’s biggest claim to fame as a health tonic is that, like all fermented foods, it acts as a potent source of probiotics." Probiotics are healthy bacteria that populate our gut and improve the health of our gut-microbiome - which plays a significant role in the overall functionality of your immune system. While fermented foods, like kombucha, can help improve our overall health, they also have the capacity to reduce risk factors for specific illnesses. Dr Sam continued: “For example, living with high cholesterol is a known risk factor for developing more serious heart disease, and evidence suggests that Kombucha can help to reduce this risk.  READ MORE: A quarter of Brits have digestive issues - but won't get checked out  “More specifically, clinical evidence has shown that regular Kombucha consumption has the capacity to induce clinically significant reductions in disease-causing 'bad' LDL cholesterol, while at the same time improving overall levels of healthy HDL cholesterol.” Mental health conditions, such as depression and anxiety, are an epidemic in the western world, and evidence now shows the importance of probiotics in the management of this problem. Dr Sam said: “More specifically, poor gut health, impaired immunity and raised inflammation are all implicated in the development of conditions such as depression and anxiety. “While no research has specifically tested Kombucha in this capacity, the potent levels of probiotic bacteria found in Kombucha and the anti-inflammatory and immune-boosting benefits they afford would make it a safe, evidence-based and clinically recommended addition to our diet to help support improved mental and emotional health.” Yes, you can, but as with virtually every health food, you can always have too much of a good thing - and this applies to kombucha.  As a product containing live bacteria, it’s advisable to take things slowly at first to familiarise your body with the new intake of cultures. Dr Sam said: “Generally speaking, current guidelines suggest drinking between 300-350mls of kombucha a day is a safe upper limit for those looking to tap into the health-boosting benefits of this fermented superfood in a safe and sustainable way.” Express.co.uk spoke to Belinda Blake, training clinic supervisor and registered nutritional therapy practitioner with the Institute for Optimum Nutrition, to find out a good way to start making your own. She advised the following ingredients: DON'T MISS: How to live longer: Probiotics could 'protect against chronic diseases [EXPLAINED]Gut health hacks: Five foods to avoid for better gut health [ANALYSIS]Type 2 diabetes: Seven ways to possibly reverse your condition [INSIGHT]     The method goes as follows: First, pour two litres of just-boiled water into a heat-proof container with the tea and the sugar. Give it a good stir to dissolve to help it dissolve. Leave it to sit for about 30 minutes before straining out the tea leaves or removing the tea bags - but allow it to cool completely before you move on to the next step. Pour your cooled tea into a sterile container - a two litre glass preserving jar is a good choice for this. Add the Kombucha Scoby into the cooled tea, keeping the lighter side of the Scoby face up - your Scoby may soak or sink - but it’s fine either way. Cover your jar with a cloth and secure it with an elastic band or string. Allow it to sit undisturbed in a warm room away from direct sunlight for around three to five days.   After the three to five days is up, give your Kombucha a try - ideally with a clean, plastic spoon (avoid metal as it can contaminate it). The Kombucha should taste tart and fruity but not overly sour. If it still tastes sweet, leave it to ferment for another day or so - but make sure to keep checking it.  When you’re happy with the flavour, decant the liquid into a sterile preserving bottle or jar, leaving a bit of room at the top of each to allow for gas production. Don’t forget to leave a little of the Kombucha in the jar with Scoby to help get the next batch going. Finally, story the bottles in the fridge and enjoy your homebrew! Another great Kombucha starter kit is Mad Millie Organic Kombucha SCOBY Starter Culture - you can pick this up from Lakeland.  If you’re after maximum health benefits, it’s best to look out for products made from green tea, as these have been shown to contain the highest levels of antioxidants. Ms Blake said: “Choosing an organic product may also be a good decision, as tea plants are commonly sprayed with pesticides and residues may make their way into the finished product.” Choose brands that use whole fruits, spices and herbs to flavour their products, rather than just ‘flavours’, to benefit from their additional phytonutrients. Ms Blake said: “Finally, check that your kombucha is ‘live’ and avoid anything that is pasteurised, as it will be without the valuable probiotics that provide much of its health benefit. Live kombucha will always be stored chilled.” 