Rio Ferdinand believes Manchester United need to hand Erik ten Hag the same latitude Arsenal have given Mikel Arteta - if the Ajax boss is named as the next United boss. Reports from ESPN understand Red Devils’ chiefs Richard Arnold and Joel Glazer believe Ten Hag is the best manager to take over from Ralf Rangnick. The Dutchman is currently on course for a third consecutive Eredivise and Dutch Cup double at the Amsterdam giants. And the 52-year-old has seemingly stormed ahead of Paris Saint-Germain manager Mauricio Pochettino as the favourite to become the next manager to enter the helm at Old Trafford. No official announcement is yet to have emanated from the red side of Manchester but the signs are pointing increasingly towards the Dutchman. United currently remain in a state of disarray after another frustrating season in all competitions. As well as early exits in the FA Cup, the League Cup, and the Champions League, United are currently languishing in seventh position in the Premier League. And with United continuing to regress, Ferdinand believes Ten Hag will need to be given similar room for manoeuvre as Arteta has been at the Emirates Stadium. READ MORE: Man Utd 'handed transfer shortlist' by Erik ten Hag that 'includes Ajax players' “Manchester United are obviously now looking for a new manager, and hopefully things (at the club) will change,” Ferdinand told William Hill. “If you look at Arsenal, they have found the manager, they trust in him and they have allowed him to do some things where a lot of people have probably doubted it. “(Such as) with the (Pierre-Emerick) Aubameyang situation, where people thought he’s a big player and you have to keep him… But now Arteta has done what he wanted and Arsenal are on a good run at the moment. “You have to trust in the manager and trust in the process and fingers crossed Man United will do that. At the end of the day, when you are a professional you have to apply yourself right every single day and the culture. DON'T MISS Matt Le Tissier quits Southampton role after backlash over Russia-Ukraine and Covid tweets [NEWS]Harry Kane 'curious to hear Man Utd offer' ahead of another Tottenham saga [GOSSIP]Man Utd giving Erik ten Hag information 'every week' on transfer budget and signings [REPORT] “You have to trust in the manager and trust in the process and fingers crossed Man United will do that. At the end of the day, when you are a professional you have to apply yourself right every single day and the culture. “The environment that you are in, has to be structured and put together for you to be the best you can be as an individual, but in our sport, as a collective as well. Up until over the last few years Man United has not been set up like that.” After a rough start to the season, Arsenal are now firm contenders to finish in the top four this season. While their recent 3-0 away defeat to Crystal Palace has seen fierce rivals Tottenham Hotspur leapfrog them into fourth position, the advantage remains firmly in the Gunners’ hands. They hold a crucial game in hand over Antonio Conte’s side which would see them open up a three point gap on Spurs. Arsenal also have to play Chelsea, Manchester United, West Ham, and Tottenham in what will likely prove to be season defining matches.