Another bank holiday is fast approaching, and after the Easter bank holiday brought glorious warmth and sunshine, many Brits will be hoping for a repeat on their extra day off next week. Recent weather has been mild and bordering on cold in some areas, but luckily the weather looks due to warm up just in time for the three-day weekend according to the Met Office. Most Brits will enjoy a sunny and mild bank holiday to kick off May. The Met Office forecast predicts the weather will remain “generally dry with bright or sunny periods and variable amounts of cloud”. There is a chance of frosts in rural areas, mostly in northerly areas, but it will feel “pleasantly warm during the afternoons”. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined £1,000 this summer for not using air con Netweather forecasters agree with the sunny outlook - but it’s probably not the weekend to don your swimming gear and pack a beach bag. Netweather forecaster Jo Farrow said: “There are a few changes taking shape for the holiday weekend, mostly from the northwest but some parts of the UK will continue with the fair picture but never getting hot. “Temperatures look to stay in the mid to high teens, perhaps just managing 20 or 21C at the very start of May. “With milder air, the temperatures will nudge up, to the high teens and could tip just into the low twenties, but still needing the sunshine. The Met Office is predicting a dry bank holiday Monday for most areas, with chances of showers in some places. Temperatures are estimated to reach the mid-teens across the south, midlands and Wales, with it being slightly cooler in northern parts of Scotland. Londoners and those in the east can expect 15C, the current highest prediction for the UK. Elsewhere, northern areas like Northumberland and Yorkshire will only be slightly behind, with the mercury predicted to 14C. DON'T MISSBBC Weather: Carol Kirkwood warns of patchy rain and cooler breezy win [REPORT]Hot weather can be 'extremely harmful to the eyes' warns expert [INSIGHT]UK Weather: Brits set for Bank Holiday sun [MAPS] Temperatures in Northern Ireland will be a little cooler, with the west coast reaching highs of 10C, according to the Met Office. The forecast for Monday reads: “Throughout the start of May, much of the south is likely to see continuing dry and sunny spells. “Parts of the north and west are more likely to experience cloudier conditions, with spells of mainly light rain or showers at times. “Winds are expected to remain light and temperatures staying above average for most, but parts of the south-east may experience colder mornings and some late season frost.” Thankfully, the long-range forecast says a bright and sunny early May is on the cards for the UK - with temperatures remaining “above normal”. The outlook from Monday, May 2 to Wednesday, May 11 reads: “Throughout the start of May, much of the south is likely to see continuing dry and sunny spells. “Parts of the north are more likely to experience cloudier conditions, with spells of mainly light rain or showers at times, occasionally moving further south. "Winds are expected to remain light and temperatures stay above average for most, but some chilly nights are still possible with a chance of some late-season frost. “Moving through the period, the weather is likely to become more unsettled in northern and perhaps some central areas, bringing spells of rain and potentially some cooler air at times, whereas its probable southern areas will remain more settled throughout. Temperatures are likely to be above normal for the rest of the country.”