Reporter, Alastair Stewart, confesses he has never known the cost of bills and necessities to be so high in Britain. He said: “The price cap soars today by around 50% for most folk." As a result of the Ofgem price cap increase, households can be expected to suffer “an average annual cost of some £2000”. Although he claims the sharp increase in energy prices is only the beginning as the cost of living in Britain is set to drastically increase.    “I wonder if you were one of the millions going online to see if you could find a better deal yesterday?” asks Stewart. So many households were desperate to find a cost-saving deal with their energy provider that “most of the big power company sites crashed.” Stewart also warns against those who spent hours scouring the internet in search of savings. “Most broadband prices are going up today as well, or very soon, by around 10%,” another price increase to concern bill payers. Read more: Martin Lewis' advice if energy firm is doubling your direct debit Beyond energy prices, Stewart pointed out, “if you’re tempted to drown your sorrows by going down the pub, be warned the VAT rate on drinks goes back up to 20% today from 12.5%.” The VAT rate had previously been reduced in order to encourage the hospitality industry as businesses steadily reopened after harsh lockdown restrictions. It is not just alcohol but also all “restaurant food” now facing a VAT increase to the pre-pandemic 20%. In order to avoid the rising costs, Steward suggests “maybe you should just stay at home?”  Unfortunately, it appears staying at home will not curb all the new increases in living costs, “Council tax is now also rising by around 3.8%”, although Stewart does highlight that council tax bands A to D should be eligible for a tax rebate “to help you with the electricity price rise, but it's not a lot.” “If you’re in work the best answer is probably to knuckle down,” in order to save income and cover the rising prices. However, employees should be warned “about the 1.25% extra [they will] be paying on those wages in national insurance.” Don't miss:April energy price cap hike: Should I fix my energy prices until 2023? [INSIGHT]Don't freeze pensioners out with cruel fuel bills  [COMMENT]When is VAT going up? [REVEAL] As many will struggle to meet the rapidly escalating demands on their pay, Stewart warns of relying on credit cards to cover costs. “If all of those bills get too big, do try to avoid following the growing herd who are putting even essentials on the plastic.” Stewart explained the interest rates on most credit cards are “already eye-watering, almost criminal.” Summarising the current economic climate, Steward concluded , “all interest rates are only going one way, and that is up.”