Prince Louis celebrates his fourth birthday today. While his parents, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are likely to mark the special occasion privately, it is expected that they will share a photo of the prince in celebration. Louis is their youngest child and has two older siblings — Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, six. The Cambridge children currently hold the third, fourth and fifth positions in the line of succession, and are likely to become senior members of the Royal Family once they are of age. However, unlike his siblings, Louis will not receive a special title once his father ascends the throne. As the Cambridges’ youngest son, Louis’ future title depends largely on when William becomes king. While he will not receive a special title, he will most likely be given a dukedom at some point. A spokesman from London based etiquette agency Debrett's told Express.co.uk in 2020: “Prince Louis may well take up one of his father’s lesser titles, which in time will include those currently held by Prince Charles. “Although the majority of Charles’ titles could be used by George, given that he will be the Prince of Wales someday. “Louis is, however, unlikely to get a Dukedom until he gets married.” If Louis is not already a duke when William is crowned, he may be granted the Duke of York title. Traditionally, the title is given to the monarch’s second son, as is the case with Prince Andrew. However, this can only happen if his great-uncle, Andrew, has passed away as no title can be held by two people at the same time. Ultimately, Louis’ dukedom will be up to his grandfather or father — whoever is the reigning king when he is granted one. Currently, all three of the Cambridge children hold the title of His/Her Royal Highness, but George and Charlotte’s titles will change when William is king. As William’s eldest son, George’s title is likely to change a few times throughout his life. Firstly, when the Duke of Cambridge becomes king, George will receive the Prince of Wales title which is currently held by his grandfather, Prince Charles. If George gets married before his father becomes king, he will also be granted a dukedom on his wedding day. Moreover, as third in line to the throne, George is likely to succeed his father in which case he will become King of the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth. He will not, however, inherit his father’s title as Duke of Cambridge as it will merge with the crown upon William’s coronation. As for William and Kate’s only daughter, Charlotte may be given the Princess Royal title — which is currently held by Princess Anne — as it is traditionally bestowed on the reigning monarch’s eldest daughter. The Princess Royal title doesn’t automatically get passed down, so it will be up to William as to whether she gets it. As George and Charlotte get older, they are being included in more public royal events.  Last month, they accompanied their parents at the Service of Thanksgiving for their great-grandfather Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey. On Sunday, they made their Easter service debut when they joined William and Kate at St George’s Chapel. It is suspected that Louis is still too young to appreciate a formal church ceremony. However, he is expected to be present for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June.