Manchester City legend Sergio Aguero has insisted that Pep Guardiola only started playing Phil Foden after he was urged to do so by City's all-time leading goalscorer. Foden has evolved into a key playing for the reigning Premier League champions and tormented Real Madrid in Tuesday's Champions League semi-final triumph. The two sides locked horns at the Etihad and produced an all-time classic, with Foden bagging City's third goal as Guardiola's side ran out 4-3 winners. City travel to the Bernabeu next week for the return leg as they bid to make the Champions League final for the second successive year. And Foden was lauded by Aguero after the match, with the Argentine striker labelling the 21-year-old as his "prince charming". Aguero also revealed that he helped nudge Foden into City's first-team plans by persistently pestering Guardiola over the City academy graduate. Speaking on TikTok, Aguero told his former team-mate, Mario Balotelli: "Listen to me, Foden started playing when I told [Guardiola]. I said on camera, 'Pep, make Foden a starter'. Pep listened to me, and he did." READ MORE: Arsenal scouts to watch Tammy Abraham 'up close' as Roma set lucrative asking price Foden's potential has always been apparent, but he was introduced into the senior fold gradually by Guardiola. And while the Spaniard drew criticism for his meticulous approach, it's paid dividends for both City and England, with Foden now a bonafide star for both. His headed goal early in the second half was his ninth goal in Europe's showpiece tournament - matching the previous Champions League record set by Wayne Rooney, who also bagged nine strikes before turning 22. And the Stockport-born City fan revealed that netting in the semi-finals of the world's most iconic tournament was "very special", before insisting that City would have no qualms over going to the Bernabeu to finish the job after the Spanish giants fought back. He told Manchester City's website: “We always try to attack, no matter what the score is. I thought we created so many chances and we can take confidence from that into the second leg. We need to try and do the same that we did yesterday, we don’t change anything and we always play the same football and the same way. “It was very special to score in a semi-final, it means everything to me. I just need to keep my form up now and hopefully the second leg is much better. I had a great chance in the first half and Riyad had a chance as well. If those two go in, then it kills the game. All we can do now is take this performance today into the second leg.” But Foden is under no illusions over how tough City could have it when they travel to Madrid for the second leg next Wednesday. He added: “It is going to be an interesting second leg and we are going to have to control it more because we know that they can hurt us at any time with great players like Benzema who can score a goal out of nothing. “The manager touched on it before the game that Real Madrid have won the Champions League so many times and they never seem to be out of the game, no matter what the score is.”