Over the last couple of months, Faye (played by Ellie Leech) and Craig's (Colson Smith) relationship has hit the rocks after the revelation she and Emma Brooker (Alexandra Mardell) accidentally killed Ted Spear (Duggie Brown). However, the pair have moved forward and recently decided they wanted to start a family together. But in new official spoilers, it seems Craig may have jumped into the idea of a family too quickly and will leave Faye heartbroken when she learns he has changed his mind. In upcoming scenes in the factory, Sarah Barlow (Tina O'Brien) explains to Michael Bailey (Ryan Russell) and Faye they desperately need more orders. To help with the need for more income, they offer an incentive of a weekly bonus to the person with the best sales figures. Later, Faye shows Craig a fertility app she’s downloaded to her phone to help them track their pregnancy journey together. However, Craig confides in Beth Tinker (Lisa George) that Faye wants to start a family, but he feels it’s too soon and hasn't got the heart to tell her. READ MORE: Former The Apprentice star lewis ellis talks leaving the show 'Weirdes Not wanting to keep this to herself and unable to hold her tongue, Beth tells Faye that Craig confided in her and said he isn’t ready for a baby, leaving her shocked. Will Craig pluck up the courage to tell Faye before she confronts him herself? Will his confession put yet another strain on their relationship? The couple's pregnancy journey so far hasn't been an easy one, as Faye recently went through a phantom pregnancy. When Faye told Craig they were pregnant, they both knew the timing wasn't great, but he soon warmed to the idea. Craig was adapting to a busy life at Underworld, and Faye and Emma were just beginning to move on from Ted's death. However, Faye soon experienced some bleeding and attended the hospital, where a sonographer took a scan of her stomach, revealing she was never actually pregnant. The phantom pregnancy meant she was experiencing things such as a change in period and a swollen stomach. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Amy Barlow blamed for Summer Spellman death [INSIGHT]Coronation Street: Why is Alexandra Mardell leaving as Emma Brooker? [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Maria Connor to have killed Laura Neelan [WATCH] On top of the phantom pregnancy, Faye and Craig have been at loggerheads after she confessed to being involved in Ted's death. She ran over the frail pensioner with Emma, and he died of a blood clot resulting from the accident in January 2022. When she confessed, Craig took it upon himself to leave the police force in a bid to protect Faye and Emma and secured a job as a packer at the Underworld factory. However, he soon realised he wasn't happy and resented Faye for his sudden change in career. Faye also had to deal with Emma falling head over heels for Ted's grandson Jon Spear (Jordan Ford Silver) after the pair met at the funeral. However, Jon recognised Craig as one of the police officers who investigated his grandfather's death, with Emma initially dumping him to keep their secret. Surprisingly, Jon told Emma he won’t involve the police and still wants her to move to Australia with him. Emma said her goodbyes to Faye, Craig, and her father, Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson), who she had only known for a few years, and headed off to start her new life in Australia. Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.