The cost of an individual prescription is £9.35 which won’t increase this year. While some medical conditions mean people automatically qualify for free prescriptions, five state benefits also mean Britons don’t have to pay NHS charges. More than 10 million Britons rely on prescription medication every year and at £9.35 per item costs can soon add up. The Department for Health and Social Care (DHSC) has confirmed that NHS prescription charges wont increase this year. This can only be good news, however some people could get their prescriptions for free or pay much less with a Pre Payment Certificate (PPC). People who suffer from 10 medical conditions and another five groups of people claiming benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) should be exempt from paying. READ MORE: National insurance changes coming into force this month Britons with these 10 medical conditions qualify for free NHS prescriptions: DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis' advice if energy firm is doubling your direct debit [ALERT]State pension payment date change takes place in two weeks [UPDATE]State pensioners could boost sum using National Insurance option [INSIGHT] Britons should be sent a medical exemption certificate but can check on the NHS website if not. Alternatively, people who receive these five DWP benefits should also qualify:  Anyone who doesn’t qualify for this help should consider investing in a Pre Payment Certificate (PPC)). People can buy a PPC which lets people purchase as many NHS prescriptions as they need for a set price. It works out at £30.25 for three months or £108.10 for a year and can be bought from the NHS website. Depending on how many prescriptions someone relies on it could save them a fortune.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How much can I save with a PPC? Two prescriptions per month - More than £115 a year with a 12 month PPC and £25 with a three month PPC. Three prescriptions per month - More than £225 a year with a 12 month PPC and £50 with a three month PPC. Four prescriptions per month - More than £340 a year with a 12 month PPC and £75 with a three month PPC. 