It’s the first time that the US has seized an oligarch’s yacht since Washington assembled a taskforce to target wealthy Russian supporters of the Kremlin following Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine on February 24. Spain's Civil Guard and US federal agents boarded the Tango vessel at the Marina Real in the port of Palma de Mallorca, the capital of Spain's Balearic Islands.  According to superyachtfan.com, a specialised website that values luxury yachts, the 78 metre vessel is valued at £91.5m. Mr Vekselberg is a close ally of Vladimir Putin and is head of the Moscow-based Renova Group, a conglomerate encompassing metals, mining and other assets according to US Treasury documents. All of Mr Vekselberg’s American assets have been frozen and US companies are banned from doing business with him or his associated entities. He was first sanctioned by the US in 2018 and again in March in response to the Kremlin’s invasion of Ukraine.  Mr Vekselberg is among 1,000 oligarchs who have been sanctioned by the British Government as a response to the invasion. The US Justice Department obtained a warrant from a federal judge in Washington to seize the vessel. They argue that the yacht should be impounded for violating US bank fraud, money laundering and sanctions statutes. According to Associated Press reporters on the scene, police were seen entering and then leaving the vessel on Monday morning. READ MORE:Putin feels 'cheated' by Ukraine over Minsk Agreements - expert claims  US attorney general Merrick Garland and US treasury secretary Janet Yellen created the taskforce known as REPO - short for Russian Elites, Proxies and Oligarchs. In a statement, Mr Garland said "it will not be the last". It comes as several mega yachts owned by Russian oligarchs have been seized by European governments. Alexei Mordashov’s £45 million boat Lady M and a £444m boat - one of the world’s largest yachts - owned by businessman Andrey Melnichenko, were both seized by authorities in Italy. DON'T MISS:  French urged to turn off dishwashers as energy crisis deepens [REVEAL] 100,000 MORE techies 'to leave' Russia in IT industry exodus [INSIGHT] Orban triumphs in Hungarian election after celebrating 'huge victory' [SPOTLIGHT] Igor Sechin’s 280-foot Amore Vero was seized by authorities near Marseille, France while his £458m superyacht ‘Crescent’ has been seized by Spain. The UK also seized a mega yacht known as Phi owned by an unnamed Russian businessman in Canary Wharf, East London last week. 