The 41-year-old will take over from Laura Kuenssberg next month after spending more than a decade as political correspondent at the broadcaster. In that time, he has reported from Westminster across TV, radio and online and has presented the BBC Radio 4 programme Any Questions? since 2019.  Mr Mason, from Yorkshire, said it was "tremendous privilege" to take over "the most extraordinary job in British broadcasting and journalism". He said: "What a tremendous privilege to take on what, for me, is the most extraordinary job in British broadcasting and journalism. "I clamber upon the shoulders of giants like Laura, Nick (Robinson) and Andrew (Marr) with a smattering of trepidation and a shedload of excitement and enthusiasm. "To lead the best team of journalists in the business on the best news patch of the lot is something I'd never even dared dream of. I can't wait to get started." Ms Kuenssberg was last month announced as the new permanent presenter of the BBC's Sunday morning politics show, replacing Andrew Marr. Her final assignment as political editor will be covering the local elections in May.  READ MORE: When will Laura Kuenssberg take over as Andrew Marr’s replacement? Jonathan Munro, interim director of BBC News, said: "Chris has been an exceptional correspondent in an extraordinary time for British politics. "His calm, incisive analysis and signature candid style have been invaluable for audiences when navigating complex stories. "His ambition and vision for the political editor role is really exciting and I wish him every success in the new post."  DON'T MISSLaura Kuenssberg: Everything you need to know about new BBC show [INFO]Laura Kuenssberg exposes Corbyn's unintended consequence in Labour era [VIDEO]Kuenssberg reflects on 'seven dizzying years' as BBC political editor [INTERVIEW] Originally from Yorkshire, Mason started his career as an ITN trainee before spending time as BBC Radio 5 Live's political reporter. He co-presented the network's Question Time Extra Time and also spent two years in Brussels as the Europe correspondent. In recent years, he was co-host of political talkshow Brexitcast and still regularly appears on Newscast. Ms Kuenssberg was among those congratulating him.  She tweeted: "Huge congrats and welcome to the best daily job in the business, to colleague, great friend and of course #newscaster ChrisMasonBBC." Sky News political editor Beth Rigby added: "What a great choice. Huge congratulations ChrisMasonBBC and welcome to the Pol Ed role - the best and busiest beat in the business. "I'm looking forward to seeing a lot more of you Chris!"  Paul Brand, UK editor for ITV News, also congratulated Chris Mason on his new role as political editor for BBC News. He tweeted: "Huge congratulations to one of the best in British broadcasting - Chris will be an absolute asset to the BBC in this role."