Boris Johnson reportedly threatened to privatise the Passport Office if it does not start delivering better value for money, a source said. The Passport Office - which reports directly to the Home Office - is dealing with a large backlog as the number of new applications rocketed after the pandemic and Brexit. Simon Calder joined Good Morning Britain to explain the situation and what the passport rules are for anyone travelling to the European Union. The travel expert said the backlog of passport applications is down to only half of passports which needed to be renewed during lockdown, were applied for, alongside an influx of new applications. Combined with airlines “misrepresenting” the rules following Brexit, a "perfect storm” has been created. Susanna Reid asked: “Let’s clear that up, a lot of people are concerned you need to have a certain amount of time left on your passport to travel to different countries. “Tell us about expiry dates and time left on passports.” READ MORE: Britons offered chance to move to Australia for £10 Simon said: “The EU is the only organisation - 27 countries, plus the hanger-ons, Switzerland, Norway and Iceland - who have any interest in the issue date of your passport. “They insist that your passport, on the day you go to the European Union, is younger than 10 years.” Travellers will have to renew their passport if there is less than three months left on the passport. Or if the passport is 10 years old or more, the day after you leave the country - it is advisable to count this from the date the passport was issued. Simon clarified: "An awful lot of people are not going to need to renew their passport, the crucial thing is - on the day you go into the EU was it issued less than 10 years ago, on the day you plan to come out, does it have three months less?" DON'T MISS...Ryanair tourist denied boarding plane despite a year left on passport [NEWS]Passport issues: The 4 things you should know before travelling [GUIDE]Theme park tester shares top tips for Florida [COMMENT] “Now, it is a problem, only for travel to the EU, but an awful lot of people are not going to need to renew their passport, the crucial thing is - on the day you go into the EU was it issued less than 10 years ago, on the day you plan to come out, does it have three months less?’ It is also suggested to apply for a new passport as early as possible. During busy times, it can takes several weeks to process. Applicants should allow up to 10 weeks to receive the new passport. A new passport can be applied for online, and costs £75.50. Or by post with a paper form, which costs £85. For anyone who needs an urgent passport reneweal, they can book an appointment for the one week fast track service. But this comes at a higher cost of £142. Many took to social media to explain their experience of applying for a passport and how quickly they received a new one, having filled the application form out online.  Keith said: “It only took me five weeks to get my passport, received two weeks ago, done online, by post longer.” Emma explaiend: “I don’t understand all this delay talk. I applied for my sons renewal on the 10th April and received it yesterday 16 days late.” Alan added: “Took me four weeks to renew my three kid's passports.”