The Defence Secretary pointed out that John Prescott had a two-year affair with his diary secretary at a Christmas party in 2006 where it is claimed they "made love in his office". Mr Wallace told Sky News: "There's no place for pornography in any workplace. People are there to do their job and I know that the Chief Whip has referred that complaint to the panel or the conduct authority and they will look into that. "If there's any action to be done, there should be action taken. "I don't think there's any excuse, you don't sit at your workplace and look at pornography." Presenter Niall Paterson interjected: "Well your colleague Damien Green did, that's what got him sacked from Cabinet. "If any party has fallen for this, it's the Conservatives." READ MORE: Peston: Emily Thornberry reacts to Parliament's 'cesspool' of misogyny Mr Wallace continued: "Hang on a second. When I was security minister my office was John Prescott's old office where he has his Christmas party. "He was deputy leader of the Labour party and if we all remember that wasn't pornography that was something else that went on in that room. "I used to wonder if it was the same desk. "I think let's just be clear here, the same with sexual conduct, there's a range of allegations right across the house and across the party. "I think this is an overall culture in the House of Commons. It's late sitting long nights with bars and it very often leads, and it has done for decades, to behavioural challenges and problems." It comes as Home Office minister, Rachel Maclean, said the Tory MP facing the allegations should expelled from the party. She said the alleged behaviour was "shocking and unacceptable", adding that there should be no place for it in the party or in Parliament. DON'T MISS 'Tell us the names!' Charlie Stayt turns up pressure on Ashworth [VIDEO]Council apologise after EV charging points start showing porn [INSIGHT]May local election polls: Major losses for Boris as voters hit back [POLL] Government chief whip Chris Heaton-Harris has launched an investigation after the allegations about the unnamed MP surfaced during a meeting of Tory MPs at Westminster on Tuesday. Ms Maclean, who was at the gathering, said that everyone present had been "shocked and horrified" at what they were hearing. "It's just gruesome," she told Sky News's The Take With Sophy Ridge. "I'm the minister responsible for safeguarding women and for creating laws which protect women against sexual harassment and violence against women and girls so it is deeply sickening and disgusting to hear that a male MP is watching porn. "Action needs to be taken and I very much hope ... we will see him out of Parliament, out of the party. I hope that's where we get to."