Ferrari boss Mattia Binotto has sought to play down the team's chances of winning the Constructors' and Drivers' Championships despite the strong start of drivers Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz. Binotto has claimed that Red Bull are the favourites to win both titles this season, with reigning champion Max Verstappen the strongest threat to Ferrari. Leclerc and Sainz have both recorded podium finishes in the opening two races of the season, with Leclerc winning the season opener in Bahrain. The Monegasque star is currently top of the Drivers' Championship standings, with Spanish team-mate Sainz only slightly behind him in second. It is a far cry from last season where Ferrari came third in the standings and recorded only five podiums all season as they struggled to match Mercedes and Red Bull. Leclerc has already managed more top-three finishes than he did in the whole of 2021, when he managed just one, ending second at the British Grand Prix. But despite their promising showing this season, Binotto says it is Christian Horner's Red Bull who are the favourites rather than Ferrari to rule supreme. "I believe Red Bull is the strongest and the favourite," Binotto told Sky Sports F1. "Keeping up the level on a long season is a challenge, not just for us but all the teams. It's true that our competitors have very strong development. In 2017 and '18 we lost a bit of ground. "But since then, in car design, we have improved our wind tunnel, technologies, processes and simulations and so today we are much better prepared than in the past to do a good job with development." And Sainz further backed his boss' claims by stating that the Prancing Horse should still be classed as second-favourites behind Verstappen and Sergio Perez. "If anything I'm impressed with the car that both Red Bull and Mercedes managed to put together, with less wind tunnel time than us, with the championship fight going on," said Sainz. "It just shows they are two very strong teams performing at an incredible level, and at any point in the season, they can turn it up and put up a strong competition. "We just need to keep our heads down and keep maximising our chances. But at the same time, I also trust the development capacity of our team. I think this year's car proves it. It's a car that is very well thought out, with some special concepts to it." The next race comes on Sunday, with Formula One returning to Melbourne for the Australian Grand Prix.