Darwin Nunez is “nowhere near the finished article”, despite the hype around the Benfica striker, according to Steve McManaman. Nunez has netted 31 goals so far this season and has been strongly linked with a big-money transfer to the Premier League in the summer.    The 22-year-old striker has been in red-hot form so far this campaign and a hat-trick in Benfica’s 3-1 win over Belenenses last weekend has accelerated rumours of his exit. The Uruguay international only joined the Portuguese club from Almeria for a fee of £20million (€24m) in the summer of 2020, but already looks poised to move on. Benfica manager Nelson Verissimo admitted last week that they might not be able to hold onto their most prized asset, but they would seek “numbers close to” the £113m they got from Atletico Madrid for Joao Felix in 2019. Manchester United have scouted Nunez, while Liverpool, Arsenal and Tottenham have all been linked with a transfer this summer. Former Liverpool winger McManaman has been impressed by what he’s seen from Nunez, but has warned his old club that he still has plenty to work on. “I think he will move on, no disrespect to the Portuguese league and Benfica, but they will probably look to sell him, and there are only a number of clubs that can probably pay the asking price for him, and he may even turn up in the Premier League,” he said on BT Sport. JUST IN: Newcastle plan 'significant' Eriksen offer to beat Spurs and Brentford  “He’s almost a rough diamond, there is still a lot to work on and a lot to improve on, but his movement is excellent and his goal against Liverpool (the first leg) was a really composed finish. There is a lot to like about him but he is nowhere near the finished article yet.” Premier League interest in Nunez is nothing new. Both West Ham and Newcastle tried to sign him in January, but the Hammers saw a £47m bid rejected on transfer deadline day. It seems, however, that he is ready for a move this summer, even if there is a major step up in quality from Portugal's top flight.  DON'T MISS Man Utd have four candidates to use in Darwin Nunez swap deal Man Utd and Chelsea to battle for Nunez as Benfica look for early deal Man Utd told they will need to break transfer record for Darwin Nunez “There has been big noises about him for a while and he has delivered,” ex-Liverpool striker Peter Crouch said. “He has got 31 goals this season and he’s banging them in,” he said. “He’s big, he’s strong, but he is also quick and mobile and he has scored a lot of big goals against some big teams in the Champions League so I think, the question always is, if you score a lot of goals in Portugal, can you replicate it elsewhere and he has against the big teams in the Champions League?”