Infrastructure Minister Oleksander Kubrakov said that Russia has so far managed to destroy up to 30 percent of Ukraine’s infrastructure. The wreckage is estimated to cost about $100billion (£77billion), according to the Minister, who said that reconstruction could occur in two years’ time, provided that frozen Russian assets would be used for it. Mr Kubrakov said: "Practically all components of our transport infrastructure have suffered in one form or another." Specifically, the Minister stated that the invasion has affected 20 percent to 30 percent of all infrastructure “with varying degrees of damage, with different levels of destruction." The dramatic bill of destruction includes more than 300 bridges on national roads, more than 8,000 km (5,000 miles) of roads, and dozens of railway bridges. Mr Kubrakov noted that the Ministry of Infrastructure has begun some reconstruction works in areas that are now back under the control of Ukrainian troops. And added: "If we talk about roads, bridges and residential buildings, I believe that almost everything can be rebuilt in two years ... if everyone works quickly." Speaking to Express.co.uk previously, an economist said that the damage that Russia had caused by the end of March to Ukraine was estimated at about $200billion (£152billion). Anders Åslund, former Senior Fellow at the Atlantic Council and currently the chairman of the International Advisory Council at the Center for Social and Economic Research, said that Ukraine’s GDP has fallen by about 35 percent. He added: “Others say that Ukraine’s economy has fallen by $550billion (£419billion), but I think that’s exaggerated.” Although the cost of the lives lost cannot be compensated, the economist said at the time that the financial sanctions against Russia will be tightened. Mr Åslund said: “Russian economy will be severely hit, but it will take some time. “My expectation is that the GDP is likely to fall by around 20 percent. Others see 10-15 percent decline in the economy. “The decline will hit the Russian population in two to three months' time.”