Piers Morgan has aimed his latest dig at Arsenal and, seemingly, manager Mikel Arteta after Harry Kane showcased another top-class performance for Tottenham Hotspur in the top-four race. On Sunday, Kane's underlying performance in Tottenham's 5-1 rout against Newcastle United earned his latest round of plaudits. The 28-year-old striker unbelievably didn't feature on the scoresheet but provided an assist and flaunted a plethora of playmaking in north London. His incredible form under Antonio Conte has boosted his hopes of playing Champions League football next season at Arsenal's expense. Spurs' latest three points lifted them above the Gunners and into fourth in the Premier League before the Gunners lost at Crystal Palace on Monday. And as Arsenal supporters start twitching over their top-four prospects, Morgan has issued a doubt-ridden warning after Arteta sanctioned Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's January exit. Morgan has suggested the Spaniard would be in for a wave of criticism if Tottenham's star striker fires them to success after letting Aubameyang leave for free midway through the season. He wrote: "Hmmm. If Spurs nick top four because they have a world-class striker like Kane, and we gave ours away for free to Barcelona… well, let's hope that doesn't happen." JUST IN: Newcastle icon Alan Shearer targets four players in scathing rant Aubameyang was allowed to leave Arsenal after a period of being frozen out of Arteta's plans due to his second disciplinary breach as captain. Unpunctuality led to the Gunners boss stripping him of the captaincy, and he spent weeks leading up to the Africa Cup of Nations training away from the first team. He has thrived since switching England for Spain, registering nine goals and one assist in nine starts for the Nou Camp outfit. However, the 32-year-old hasn't particularly been missed, with Arsenal yielding consistent results since his exit and currently enjoying a run of six wins from their last seven league games. READ MORE: Man Utd prepare 'high transfer offer' for Barcelona star Ronald Araujo Arteta's side have been edging plenty of games by just one-goal margins, though, and Aubameyang's absence could prove costly if fortune leaves their side. They will be confident of bringing Champions League football back to the Emirates Stadium next term, though, and the north London derby during the season run-in should prove crucial. But Morgan's threat of unloading criticism on Arteta comes as no surprise, given he has previously stressed his desire for the club to replace him. Whether a top-four finish will alter his mindset remains to be seen, but missing out on a spot would undoubtedly trigger uproar from all four corners of social media, including his. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here