Toto Wolff has warned watching Mercedes five seconds off the pace makes him ‘want to strangle’ himself. The Mercedes team principal said seeing the reigning constructors' champions off the pace was ‘painful’. The Silver Arrows has struggled to get on top of their porpoising issues across the first four race weekend which has seen them become the third-fastest car on the grid. However, it appears the team has taken a backwards step in Imola as both Lewis Hamilton and George Russell were knocked out in Q2. It was the first time either Mercedes failed to make it into a Q3 session since 2012. Despite the struggles, Wolff still claims Mercedes ‘will be good’ over the long-term of the new rules packages, Speaking to Sky Sports F1, Wolff said: “I like getting it wrong because that means you learn so much more. Obviously, it is painful whilst you are in the moment. Certainly, when I see our car pounding around five seconds off the pace you want to strangle yourself. "As a matter of fact, I enjoy the challenge and I enjoy being bad because over the long run in these regulations we will be good." READ MORE: Hamilton and Wolff spotted in heated exchange after F1 qualifying flop Mercedes lie second in the constructors’ standings but this is mainly due to Red Bull’s run of mechanical failures. Any hope that Mercedes could challenge in wet weather conditions this season were also shattered in Imola. Yesterday was the first meaningful wet running of the season and the team was further behind than in dry running. Frustrations appear to be bubbling over at the team with Hamilton spotted having a heated discussion with Wolff after being knocked out. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton refuses to share detail on heated exchange with Wolff [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton hopes played down by Toto Wolff [COMMENT]Haas boss snaps at Toto Wolff complaints as Mercedes example made [ANALYSIS] He refused to elaborate on the discussions after the session but expressed his concern for the resort of the weekend. He said: “Today wasn’t a great session and naturally it’s disappointing. We came here with optimism, everyone is working so hard at the factory but things just didn’t come together. I think we underperformed as a team today. We’ll work as hard as we can to move up in the Sprint Race. “It’s going to be a difficult race but who knows? Maybe we can move our way forwards. Each weekend is a rescue at the moment."