Simon Jordan has again torn into Manchester United legend Gary Neville for his opinions on his old club. The former Crystal Palace chairman has spoken out against Neville's views several times in recent months. Jordan has told the ex-England right-back to concentrate on his ownership of Salford City rather than the running of United. Neville again made his feelings on the Glazers clear in a tweet on Monday. The pundit said "The Glazer family must go!" on the first anniversary of the failed European Super League. But Jordan says Neville is talking "nonsense" and should focus on his own issues. He said on talkSPORT: "Gary, get on with running Salford. Your club doesn't observe most of the rules, your club is part and parcel of challenges outside the Premier League, that could be argued are not good for football as well. READ MORE: Lacazette's disrespectful interview proves why Arsenal cannot give him new deal  "Virtue-signalling to the fans. It's nonsense what he's talking about, it's nonsense what he's talking about. "He's virtue-signalling to the fans about his vantage point of how United needs to be changed. If he's got a solution, if he's got a buyer that wants to come in - does he want the Glazers to give it away? "Because they're not going to. In the real world, we have to live. Not in the idealistic world." It is not the first time Jordan has hit out at Neville. Earlier this month he urged the United board not to listen to Neville's advice over the next managerial appointment. DON'T MISSTen Hag has already failed first Sir Alex Ferguson test ahead of Man Utd move [COMMENT]Man Utd expected XI vs Liverpool as Bruno Fernandes set to start after crash [TEAM NEWS]Real Madrid have a chance to sign a better striker than Mbappe and wound Barcelona [TRANSFERS]  He said in early April: "Good advice is something you can never have too much of but sometimes you have to make a decision based upon what you know to be the case rather than other people parroting in your ear about half the facts they know. Gary Neville doesn't know all the facts." Jordan also claimed in February that Neville was part of the same culture as a player that the pundit has been so critical of about the current United squad. Jordan said: "There is a culture but you were part of this culture. You were a backroom lawyer as a player. “You believed players had the right to say what they wanted, when they wanted. And you did it regularly.” And last December, Jordan said a lot of Neville's views are not correct. He commented: "But there is a point when you get to the scenario and you say, 'hang on a second, someone has sent you a memo somewhere along the line that your opinion is unassailable', where it isn't because a lot of what Gary says doesn't stand up." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 