Canadian tennis player Steven Diez was left irate and labelled an umpire’s decision ‘barbaric’ after a qualifying match in Houston. Diez was facing Dutch player Gijs Brouwer for a place in the main draw of the clay-court ATP 250 event in Houston. Diez, leading 6-4 5-4, had a match point on Brouwer’s serve and struck a backhand return winner down the line, with the chair umpire even calling ‘Game, set, match Diez’ over the speaker. However, when Brouwer questioned whether his own serve was in or not, the umpire reversed his decision. Diez protested and insisted the umpire had checked the wrong mark, but the official would not listen, and the match resumed with Brouwer's second serve. Brouwer went onto hold serve in that game, before breaking Diez and holding again to take the second set 7-5, and then winning the decisive final set 6-2. The turn of events left Diez furious, and the 31-year-old believes such an incident would never happen at the top of the sport - and if it did, it would make headlines around the world. When reflecting on the events afterwards, Diez was furious. READ MORE: Serena Williams' future in doubt as coach links up with Simona Halep “It’s not because it was my game, but I’m telling you that I don’t remember such an outrage,” Diez told Punto de Break. “If it happens in a Grand Slam or if it happened to Nadal, a Djokovic, a Federer or a Kyrgios, I assure you the whole world would be talking about it. “We stopped the game for about 7-8 minutes until the supervisor arrives, but of course, the supervisor was not on the court, so you have to believe the chair umpire's version. A version that the chair invents, imagine for him to say that the other had not served-red! “The supervisor tells me that he can't do anything, although later he privately told me that he believed my version more than the chair umpire’s.” DON'T MISSSergiy Stakhovsky explains moment he left family to return to UkraineOsaka told she has to develop Raducanu trait to deal with 'pot shots'Djokovic 'works closely with scientists on his shoes' for advantage Diez, who is ranked 264th in the world, admitted he couldn’t mentally recover after the incident. He believes his focus was lost due to the enormity of the decision, which ultimately defined the match result as Brouwer went on to win. “I tried to recover from everything that had happened but I couldn't, it was very difficult for me,” Diez added. “I tried to motivate myself, even the public was incredible with me, supporting me at all times, I think that nobody wanted the other to win. “I don't remember a game where it was so difficult for me to manage that internal rage at the thought that I should have won the game, I had never experienced those emotions on a tennis court.” Despite the frustrating defeat, Diez ended up making the Houston main draw anyway as a best loser. However, he was defeated in the first round by Australian journeyman Jordan Thompson 6-3 6-2.