Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion brought central London to a standstill during the morning rush hour on Friday. An angry Londoner tweeted: "On my way to work at a hospital and these lot think it's ok to block the Tower Bridge from all traffic. Selfish." Tower Bridge was taken over just after 7am. A bright green banner was unfurled demanding: "End fossil fuels now". Amy Rugg-Easey, who is taking part in the action, said: "I ask myself why I do these things all the time, and the main thing that drives me is that I have tremendous hope and optimism in humanity’s ability to fight the climate crisis; but there are certain people who continue to prevent that for their own profit." Extinction Rebellion said in a statement: "The action has taken place at the gateway to the City of London – the root source of fossil fuel funding in the UK – and on the eve of the April Rebellion which begins tomorrow at 10am in Hyde Park. "The action is planned to continue until the UK Government agrees to implement Extinction Rebellion’s immediate demand: to end all new fossil fuel infrastructure immediately."    London's Metropolitan Police shut down the route, causing severe delays. It comes as police arrested more than 70 people, including two who "voluntarily emerged from a tunnel", as fuel protests continue. Essex Police confirmed on Wednesday the pair were arrested in Grays just after 5.30pm on Tuesday after they came out of a tunnel "where they had remained in situ for several days".  They were arrested on suspicion of criminal damage and causing danger to other road users.  READ MORE ABOUT TRIDENT MOVING OUT OF BRITAIN IN THE EVENT OF SCOTTISH INDEPENDENCE      Police said regular welfare checks had been carried out on them for their own safety and that of others. Activists from Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion have been blocking access to oil terminals all week, demanding the Government stops new oil and gas projects. Police said supporters of the group who had dug a secret network of tunnels at the Navigator Oil terminal in Thurrock and Grays oil terminals, both in Essex, had gone underground as part of the action.  Campaigners have been blocking access to oil terminals in locations, including Essex, Warwickshire and near Heathrow Airport.  DON'T MISS: ‘Silence says it all’ Harry left in awkward silence after question [REVEALED] Harry and Meghan have 'no room to heal' relationship with Royal Family [REPORT] 'Take them all f***ing out!' Leaked audio of Putin's 'war crimes' [LATEST] Tactics have included protesters gluing themselves to roads and digging disruptive tunnels near oil terminals as well as invading football pitches. A stark report published on Monday by the UN called for substantial reductions in the use of fossil fuels to curb climate change. The Government set out its new energy strategy on Thursday with support for offshore wind and new nuclear reactors. Asset owners managing more than £7.9 trillion ($10.4 trillion) have urged governments not to let worries about security of fossil fuel supplies impede the transition to greener energy needed to limit catastrophic climate change.    The Steering Group of the Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance, which counts some of the world's largest pension schemes and insurers as members, said on Friday that energy security policies must align with the world's climate goal. Set in the Paris Agreement, the goal aims to cap global warming at 1.5 degrees Celsius above the pre-industrial level by 2050. It would require drastic near-term cuts in fossil fuel use. The investor group said: "The world is still heading for an excess of fossil fuel-based energy use that will vastly exceed the carbon budgets needed to meet the 1.5C Paris Agreement goal. This trend must be halted." 