Tom Parker's The Wanted bandmates fought back tears this morning as they carried his coffin into his funeral. Max George, Jay McGuinness, Siva Kaneswaran and Nathan Sykes looked solemn as they attended the ceremony, with fans lining the streets to pay their respects. The foursome all looked smart as they dressed in occasion-appropriate black outfits. Max wore a black jumper paired with a waistcoat and baker boy hat, while Siva looked fashionable in a black turtle neck under a black suit. Jay and Nathan opted for more traditional attire as they both wore black suits with white shirts. Their late friend, Tom sadly died last month aged 33, after being diagnosed with a grade four brain tumour in October 2020. READ MORE: ‘No pressure’ Matt Bakes talks uncertain future of family farm Today his funeral was held in Petts Wood, as his friends, family, and The Wanted bandmates said their emotional farewells. Tom's diagnosis came after he suffered a seizure and was put on a waiting list for an MRI scan. While he waited, the star went on a family holiday with partner Kelsey and their children Aurelia, two, and one-year-old Bodhi. It was there that he suffered from another, much worse seizure, and he was rushed to hospital where he would spend the next three days undergoing tests. He was then told the sad news, which doctors described as “the worst case scenario”. The singer underwent several gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and 30 radiotherapy sessions. While he knew his condition was terminal, Tom told fans he had responded well to treatment, explaining the size of the tumour had “significantly reduced”.. By November 2021, he explained his latest scan had confirmed the tumour was “stable”. DONT MISS:Amanda Holden, 51, teases fans as she flaunts legs in daring skirt (PHOTOS)Ruth Langsford causes stir with savage 'ancient' jab at Eamonn Holmes (NEWS)Holly Willoughby sets record straight on This Morning exit rumours (LATEST) The Wanted decided to reunite in September 2021, performing in a packed-out arena tour to adoring fans. Tom was unable to appear in the first few performances, because he flew to Spain for private treatment, hoping to be fit enough to join his pals on stage afterwards. His condition sadly deteriorated, but brave Tom still managed to get up on stage, using a wheelchair as his bandmates gathered around him while they sang. Too weak to stand, Tom mouthed the words to his biggest hits, wearing sunglasses to cover the fact that the tumour had forced one of his eyes to close. Kelsey explained the sad news that Tom had died in an Instagram post shared with her 81,700 followers. "It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side,” she wrote. "Our hearts are broken. "Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. "We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children." She concluded: "Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end."