Arsenal star Eddie Nketiah has dropped a major hint he will leave the club this summer. Nketiah has rejected all offers of a renewal so far and says his stance "is the same" with less than three months of his contract remaining. The former England under-21 international made his first Premier League start of the season in Saturday's 1-0 loss at Southampton. He deputised for Alexandre Lacazette, who missed the match after testing positive for COVID-19. Nketiah has maintained he wants to play more regularly, which has been the reason he is yet to put pen to paper on a new deal. And he insists he still has the same thoughts in his head as his contract ticks down. When asked if he won't be at Arsenal next season, Nketiah told the Beautiful Game Podcast: "It's difficult to say. Obviously at the moment I'd say my stance is the same, I want to play games. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag may already have the perfect Paul Pogba replacement under his nose  "Obviously I've not started a game in the Premier League this season [before Southampton], which I'm not here complaining about, but for me I think I'm at the level I can play and could potentially get that opportunity elsewhere. So that's where I'm thinking about it. "Obviously you're free to speak to clubs now but I try to leave my family and agency to do those sorts of things. My stance is I will just be honest and clear - my aim is to play football." Nketiah, who is the record goalscorer for England under-21s, says this season has been the most difficult in his career. He added: "It's very difficult. It's been probably one of the hardest seasons. DON'T MISSBarcelona told to make two signings and replace Frenkie de Jong this summer [QUOTES]Banned Conor Gallagher sends Chelsea and Thomas Tuchel message after FA Cup semi triumph [SOCIAL]Five Premier League clubs Coutinho could join with Aston Villa plans in tatters [TRANSFERS]  "Obviously I think it's gone on for probably a little while. Last season we were in the Europa League so it didn't feel so bad at the beginning of the season, I was playing in the cups. "A game was like every two weeks so I might not play in the Premier League, I was in the squad and coming on and stuff, I'd start every Europa League and cup game, I was scoring goals. As for this season, obviously I'm in a contract situation as well so yeah it's been difficult to manage both and not play as much as you like. "People have so much expectation for you but it's like 'bro, I'm coming on for eight minutes, nine minutes'. I feel like when I've had substantial time, 20 minutes, 15 minutes I'm able to do something.  "Obviously there have been talks and offers of a new contract. But like I said at the moment my aim is to play football and play regularly. "That's my ambition and that's what I hope to do." Nketiah is trying to focus as much as he can on finishing the season strongly before deciding on his next move. He said: "At the same time I'm at Arsenal, I love Arsenal also, I'm just trying to focus on the season so much and make sure I finish that in a good way and then sit down and see what I think is the best opportunity to allow me to take those steps and develop."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here