The controversial new reality show puts potential couples to the test by challenging them to get married during their first meeting. Available to watch on E4 in the UK, Olivia Frazer of the Australian version of Married At First Sight proved divisive with her many rows with other contestants, and has confirmed whether she still holds grudges in her latest Instagram post. Olivia took to social media to open up about how she has dealt with disagreements in her past. Although her marriage with Jackson Leonie has gone from strength to strength, Olivia often rowed with other members of the MAFS cast. One of the show’s experts, Alessandra Rampolla, accused her of holding grudges following a row with co-star Domenica Calarco about her OnlyFans picture. She has now offered her own thoughts on what is meant by holding grudges as she shared a new selfie on Instagram. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Maya Stepney returns to take down Meena Jutla “FYI my interpretation of 'holding grudges' is to cut out people that are toxic to my life,” she told her 103k followers. “Not seek revenge or put any energy at all towards them.” Olivia went on to explain why she felt it was acceptable to simply remove people from her life rather than taking the conflict further. She continued: “It’s perfectly acceptable to not like people. It’s perfectly acceptable to not allow certain people access to you.” “I’ve never wasted energy on people I don’t like. Hence why I sleep amazing at night.” Olivia and Domenica frequently clashed throughout the series, with one row even ending with the latter smashing a wine glass on the dinner table. However, perhaps the biggest controversy emerged when Olivia found a naked photo of Domenica via her since deleted OnlyFans account. She proceeded to spread it amongst the rest of the cast, leading her actions to be condemned by the MAFS producers and several viewers. DON'T MISS:Moon Knight fans emotional after Gaspard Ulliel title card [TRIBUTE]Richard Hammond brands new show ‘best gig in the world’ [INTERVIEW]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly speaks out on ‘great day’ from show [INSIGHT] Although experts claimed she had been holding a grudge against Domenicana during their time on the series, Olivia now suggests she has simply cut her co-star out of her life. During the Commitment Ceremony, Alessandra called out her resentment against Domenica, saying: “You were telling us last week that you hold grudges. “We've heard about this on different occasions from you. So it seems very clear that there is a grudge that's being dragged around. “Maybe there's some room for a little self exploration and reflection and for a little human empathy.” However, Olivia responded: “As far as empathy... I just don't have it.” Olivia’s husband Jackson also admitted to having mixed feelings about her tendency to hold things against her cast mates. He asked the camera: “I just want to know if one of my friends say something stupid, how's she going to react to it? And if she's going to hold a grudge to it?” MAFS Australia’s ninth season has since come to an end and, despite her frequent arguments with the other contestants, her marriage with Jackson still appears to be going strong. Married At First Sight Australia is available to stream on All4.