England hero Gary Lineker paid tribute to Christian Eriksen after the Brentford star sparked bedlam in the away end by scoring against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. The midfielder, who suffered a cardiac arrest on the pitch at Euro 2020 last summer, continues to impress after earning a short-term contract with the Bees. Eriksen has lost none of his natural ability since last year's terrifying incident, which saw him hospitalised and fitted with a heart-starting device. Serie A rules prevented him from continuing on Inter Milan's books, and the Bees offered him a route back to top-flight football in January. His comeback was cranked up a notch over the international break when he scored twice in two games for Denmark, including a spectacular goal at the Parken Stadium in Copenhagen which is where his cardiac arrest occurred. JUST IN: Jeff Stelling mocks Gary Neville live on-air after pundit's Mikel Arteta Arsenal claim  And that continued with a neatly-taken goal against the Blues on Saturday afternoon. Bryan Mbeumo broke forward for the visitors before playing it square for Eriksen, who lifted the ball over the onrushing Edouard Mendy to make it 2-1. Lineker said on social media: "A goal for Christian Eriksen and Brentford lead. His remarkable and wonderful comeback continues." DON'T MISSMo Salah will do 'everything on his part' to join Barcelona as Liverpool issue 'threat' [GOSSIP]Man Utd likely to do four things in potential Erik ten Hag announcement [COMMENT]Man Utd will go against 'Ralf Rangnick's recommendation' if Erik ten Hag is snubbed [REPORT] Minutes later, Vitaly Janelt scored his second of the game and Brentford's third goal in 10 minutes to give them a shock 3-1 lead. Yoane Wissa then scored late on to add extra gloss to the scoreline, rendering Antonio Rudiger's spectacular long-range opener meaningless for the Blues. Having narrowly missed out on promotion for many years, Brentford finally got the job done last season when they toppled Swansea City in the play-off final. Ivan Toney has cut a talismanic figure in their first ever Premier League season with 11 goals, but Eriksen's touching return to prominence could be just as important in the latter stages of the campaign.  Lineker was not the only respected figure to weigh in on Eriksen's incredible comeback story as Brentford pulled off a stunning 4-1 win in west London. Former Manchester United defender Danny Higginbotham added: "So many incredible stories in football but none more so than Christian Eriksen. Football gets criticized a lot but this is just an amazing, beautiful story." 