The dishwasher is just one of many cleaning machines in the home that needs to be regularly cleaned. If dishwashers are not cleaned regularly, the filter can become clogged which will recirculate dirty water leading to potentially smelly, grubby dishes. In a video for household cleaning and laundry product brand, Dri Pak, an expert showed how to clean a dishwasher. The video, titled “Cleaning a dishwasher with natural products”, explained in the description how to clean a dishwasher using “citric acid, white vinegar and liquid soda crystals”. To effectively clean and descale a dishwasher, homeowners first need to remove their dishwasher’s filter. This can be found in the centre of the dishwasher at the bottom and is usually removed by twisting and pulling. Any food residue left in the filter needs to be removed and put in the bin. Next, the filter can be degreased using liquid soda crystals. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove limescale deposits from your taps The cleaning expert drizzled the product all around the exterior of the filter. They then rinsed the filter and removed any leftover residue and limescale. Now the filter is clean, the housing filter plate needs to be removed and cleaned. This is the flat, usually square plate that surrounds the filter.  DON'T MISSGardeners can get rid of pests with cupboard essentials [INSIGHT]Weeding: How to create an ‘affordable’ weed killer in seconds [UPDATE]‘Huge red flag’ that could mean you’re being scammed - ‘avoid’ [ANALYSIS] The plate needs to be washed to remove any grime of leftover food residue. Next, homeowners need to wipe the inside of the dishwasher with a damp cloth and remove any leftover food residue. Put the housing filter plate back in the dishwasher and clean any corners and hinges with the liquid soda crystals. The door frame also needs to be cleaned down to remove any stains and unpleasant smells. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The plate needs to be washed to remove any grime of leftover food residue. Next, homeowners need to wipe the inside of the dishwasher with a damp cloth and remove any leftover food residue. Put the housing filter plate back in the dishwasher and clean any corners and hinges with the liquid soda crystals. The door frame also needs to be cleaned down to remove any stains and unpleasant smells. The cleaning experts recommended using white vinegar and a cloth to do this. Now it’s time to give the dishwasher a clean from the inside. Put hot water into two bowls and add two tablespoons of citric acid into each one. Allow the citric acid to dissolve before putting the bowls into the dishwasher. Place one bowl on each rack on the top and bottom of the dishwasher. Run an intensive wash so the citric acid can thoroughly clean the dishwasher. Citric acid is a natural acid found in citrus fruits.  It's available to buy in a crystalline powder and is “ideal” for cleaning a dishwasher. Once the dishwasher cycle is finished, the dishwasher should be clean. Dri Pak white vinegar costs £2 in Ocado. Stardrops White Vinegar Spray is 89p at The Range. Dri-Pak Citric Acid is £2.30 in Ocado. Wilko Citric Acid is £1.70. TRS Citric Acid costs £1.89 from Amazon. Wilko Original Liquid Soda Crystals Spray costs £1. Dri-Pak Liquid Soda Crystals costs £2 from Ocado.