  Annette Badland has provided an insight into her EastEnders character Babe Smith, whom she played for three years after being cast in December 2013. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actress admitted that while Babe was “angry” at her family, the character might be keen to make a comeback.   Annette, 71, addressed Babe’s potential return as she pondered her stint on the soap, which lasted over 200 episodes. Babe left the East End back in 2017 after she was thrown out of The Queen Vic and put a curse on her family. When asked if Babe would return, Annette responded: “I don’t know, I think she would if they would have her. “Well, I mean… She’s angry with them, but I don’t know, really.”     She then went on to speak about Danny Dyer’s character, Mick Carter, who is the local landlord on the soap. “But Danny’s leaving, isn’t he?!” she exclaimed. “And he’s one of the ones she loves very much, so I don’t know.” Danny revealed in January that he's set to leave EastEnders after nine years on the soap.   The star has teased his upcoming exit storyline, promising his fans that it will be “epic” and “huge”. Annette’s character Babe was introduced to the show as part of a set of new characters that expanded the Carter family. Most of her storylines have revolved around the family, including the complicated relationship with her sister Sylvie (Linda Marlowe) as well as the unrequited love she had for her brother-in-law Stan Carter (Timothy West). She was also involved in a controversial storyline about baby farming, another about blackmailing Les Coker (Roger Sloman) and even encouraged Abit Branning (Lorna Fitzgerald) to fake a pregnancy while she was on the show.      Annette admitted that, when she adopted the role of Babe Smith, it was “the first time” people called her by her character name when she was out in public. “With EastEnders, some people think that’s real!” she revealed. “It was the first part I played where people didn’t stop me in the street and say, ‘I can’t remember your name but I liked what you did last night’. “Instead, they would call out, ‘Babe! It’s Babe isn’t it?’”       Annette has since gone on to take up the role of Fleur Perkins in Midsomer Murders and proved to be a hit with fans since she joined the show in 2019. She has also been busy behind the bar as no-nonsense landlady Mae at the local pub of Richmond Football Club in Apple TV’s award-winning show Ted Lasso. Her other roles include Mrs. Glenna Fitzgibbons in the first season of Outlander, and villainous slitheen Margaret Blaine in the BBC’s Doctor Who. Aside from all her acting endeavours, Annette is also taking part in a fundraiser for Diabetes UK, which will see her swim 22 miles (the equivalent distance of the English Channel) over the course of the next month. Donate to her fundraiser on behalf of Diabetes UK here: https://swim22.diabetes.org.uk/fundraising/annette1425#share-page   