BBC Breakfast presenters Sally Nugent and Dan Walker were touched as meteorologist Carol Kirkwood shared a memory of her mother. While talking about garden gnomes, Carol, 59, reminisced about a moving family story which left her co-stars emotional. Monday's installment of the BBC show saw Sally talking about the trend of minimalism. "Later on in the programme we're going to be talking about how everybody in their homes now, they like quite a minimalist look," she explained. "Not too much clutter, not too many ornaments, no knick-knacks. "Apparently, one of the things that's really gone out of fashion - garden gnomes." READ MORE: Casualty theory: Dylan Keogh's secret rumbled in affair twist Turning to the weather reporter, she added: "Now, I've heard you're a fan?" A smiling Carol replied: "Well, yes, I've got one! But it's got a lovely wee story around it, Sal." As a photo of the gnome appeared on-screen Carol recalled: "My mum was very creative, and she used to make garden gnomes much bigger than that wee one that we call Charlie. "So for her 70th birthday many moons ago, all my brothers and sisters decided to get one and each of us paint a part of it for her. I painted his hat!" Visibly moved, Sally remarked: "Oh Carol, it's beautiful! I love him! Well we like Charlie, I'm a fan of Charlie." Dan joked that perhaps Carol based Charlie the gnome on their colleague Charlie Stayt. "It's not named after our Charlie, is it, on Breakfast?" he asked about the colourful outdoor decoration. Carol laughed, replying: "No, but I'll tell Charlie it is if I see him! DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley in shock at Angela Rayner controversy [VIDEO]Emmerdale's Pete Barton star on 'bad luck' after ITV soap exit [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders theory: Double exit as tragic twist destroys beloved couple [THEORY] "You can't quite see the hair under that hat, but I'm sure it's magnificent if it's called Charlie," Dan commented. He explained the team had another colleague who was a fan of gnomes, too. "Our editor - we call him Freddie, but his name is Richard - he's got a very impressive collection. Slightly worryingly impressive," he stated. As a photo displayed just how many of the statues Richard has, Sally gasped and remarked: "How many...? Oh my goodness, that's a proper collection! There's even one peeping around the side of the tree. There's a lot going on there!" The presenters then burst into the giggles when Dan suggested: "If you want to show us your gnomes... err, or your favourite knick-knacks." As he began to crack up laughing, he was unable to finish the sentence. Sally giggled too as Dan added: "Show us your gnomes! You can email... or tweet them to us. We need a hashtag #ShowUsYourGnomes." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.