Erik ten Hag is close to deciding on whether to become the next manager of Manchester United, according to reports. The Dutchman is the Red Devils’ top target to take over from interim boss Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. Yet he’ll want at least three assurances if he’s to land the job at Old Trafford. The Athletic claim Ten Hag wants to know exactly what his role at Old Trafford will entail, for starters. He is then keen to learn of his responsibilities, with the Ajax boss used to working under a sporting director over in Amsterdam. And it's claimed the 52-year-old also wants to know about how much authority he'll have at United if he's to take over from Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season. Ten Hag is said to be diligent when it comes to choosing his next job, having previously considered everything upon moving to the likes of Go Ahead Eagles, Bayern Munich II and Utrecht in the past. And he 'will not proceed unless he gets clarity on certain matters'. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United and Ajax will supposedly require 'additional talks' should Ten Hag decide to chance his arm in the Premier League. And it's 'plausible' negotiations will be conducted without the Dutchman's release clause, believed to be in the region of £1.7million, being a factor. United have a strong relationship with Ajax, which does bode well. They signed Daley Blind from the Eredivisie outfit back in 2014 before allowing him to return to the Netherlands four years later. And they also snapped up Donny van de Beek from Ajax back in the summer transfer window of 2020, despite Real Madrid previously being considered as frontrunners for the player. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Manchester United sacked Ole Gunnar Solskjaer earlier in the season and, since then, things have gone from bad to worse under Rangnick. Now they’re eyeing Ajax boss Ten Hag to take over, having been left impressed by the 52-year-old’s work in Amsterdam over the past five years. The former Bayern Munich coach also is examining other options on the table as well. It’s stated that the Premier League remains his likeliest destination. Should Ten Hag choose United, they will then accelerate dialogue over a contract for the Dutchman. However, certain assurances will need to be met. United will not announce anything until after the KNVB Cup final on April 17, at least. They want to ‘respect such an occasion’ while not doing anything to damage their hopes of bringing the former Bayern coach to Old Trafford. And they’ll inform other managerial targets of their decision once things have been finalised. If Ten Hag does take charge, he’ll become United’s fifth permanent boss since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2009. David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Solskjaer have all come and gone in the years since. 