Alex Jones was joined by co-host Jermaine Jenas who had returned to the The One Show after being away hosting the World Cup draw. Marvel's newest star, Jared Leto, joined the pair virtually from Las Vegas. He appeared on the programme to talk about his new movie and Apple TV+ show WeCrashed but seemed to be thrown off by Alex's fashion comment, and fans noticed. Playing the role of Dr Michael Morbius in the new Marvel film Morbius, Jared transforms into the newest anti-hero on the block, the vampire do-gooder. Excitedly bringing the star onto the show Alex said: "We are very pleased to be joined live by the Oscar-winning Hollywood star Jared Leto, Jared welcome to The One Show." Noticing he was also wearing a white blouse-like top, she added: "Oh my goodness, look, you got the memo, the frilly shirt, I like it, yes." He looked visibly jarred by her comment and fan @Lost_In_Films_said: "Jared was not impressed with their banter about his frilly shirt or white nail vanish #TheOneShow." (sic) Read More: 'Been through a lot together' Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders after 10 years   @funbaee added: "I can't get over how bored Jared Leto looks on #TheOneShow." Gerard Mackay commented: "Ok, another bizarre performance from Jared Leto there." Louisa Mae was puzzled by the interview, and she said: "Find it so weird Alex Jones interviewing literal Hollywood star Jared Leto on #theoneshow and being so patronising and asking awful questions. "Clearly annoying him straight away so cringe." (sic) "Not sure if Jared was insulted or trying to chat up Alex #TheOneShow," @lifein280ch asked. The Oscar winner did reveal that he had little to "no" sleep as he presented an award the night before at The 64th Annual Grammy Awards. As the interview went on, Alex seemed to say one wrong thing after another. While talking about the new sci-fi movie, she said that it would be too "scary" to let her son watch, and her comments about WeCrashed seemed to rub the star the wrong way. DON’T MISS…All Creatures Great and Small's Mrs Hall star explains her reluctance for romance [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin heartbroken as Toyah Battersby adopts baby Alfie [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead’s Leah star promises fans zombie series will 'never really end’ [LATEST]   The host said: "Now, we can also see you taking on a different role on a TV series on Apple TV+, it's called WeCrashed and is based on the boss of the company that created Office Space [WeWork]. "Now on paper, it doesn't sound the most exciting, but this guy you play is really extreme, isn't he? How would you sum him up?" Jumping over Alex, Jared replied: "Hold on, hold on, first Morbius is too scary, and now WeCrashed is too boring?" Alex asked him to "prove" them wrong, and before continuing on the show, he said: "I will prove you wrong.  "You watch them, and I guarantee one thing, you will definitely not be bored. "Not on my watch." Trying to move the interview on, Jared concluded: "It looks like today I am transforming into you, Alex," and he played with his white top. The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. 