Royal author Robert Jobson says Prince Harry's mischievous behaviour often irritated Prince William who would tell on his younger brother to their nannies and even sometimes police officers. Prince William is understood to have been treated with high regard by the royal staff and members of the firm, causing tension between the two brothers. Journalist and author Robert Jobson, who has written the book The Making Of A Modern Day Monarch, said the Queen Mother made it clear that William deserved more attention as future King. He said that at family gatherings, she would often ask for Prince William to be seated next to her and invite him to Clarence House - without Harry. The distinctions are believed to have been a source of tension between the two young brothers. When driving to Highgrove - their father's house in Gloucestershire, with their mother, Princess Diana and protection officer, Ken Wharfe, the brothers got into a fight.  Mr Wharfe recalled Harry, who was just six years old at the time, saying to his older brother: "You’ll be King. I won’t — so I can do what I want! He said: "The princess and I just looked at each other, a little shocked by what he had said". According to the royal author, Harry seemed to revel in the freedom he knew his older brother would never have. This reportedly made him "far more mischievous" and "sometimes totally out of control". While Prince William is said to also have been capable of wild behaviour on occasion, his younger brother's escapades often irritated him.  READ MORE: Harry not attending Jubilee 'would be greatest gift to give Queen' Mr Jobson wrote: "On those occasions, he would often act as a tattle-tale, bringing news of his little brother’s exploits to their nanny or police officer’s attention". According to the author, Princess Diana often left Harry's nannies and protection officers to discipline him. Protection officer Ken Wharfe would sometimes intervene and help nanny Jessie Webb to help with his ruly behaviour. Sometimes, the boys' nanny Olga Powell would occasionally "smack" the young royals when they were acting up. Mr Wharfe recalled: "When Harry was a little older, I remember one of her classic phrases to him was, 'Harry, I love you, but I don’t like you' — because he was a nuisance.  DON'T MISS: Sophie and Edward suffer brutal dig on royal tour [INSIGHT]Future of Commonwealth divides readers – 'Should be abolished' [COMMENT]Kate Middleton's trick to stop dresses blowing in wind - add 'weights' [ANALYSIS] "But she was strong with him, and I think children like that because they know where they stand." The boys' would also sometimes team up to punch Wharfe in the head and groin during playful wrestling matches but not all their minders were as lenient with the brothers. Mr Wharfe remembered one of the boys' police officers leaving the role and telling his replacement "good luck" and that if William and Harry had been brought up on a council estate "they'd have been taken into care by now". Both the young royals were repeatedly reminded to curb their excitable behaviour and be polite in public but, according to the book, it was only William who tended to toe the line. However, the eldest brother is said to have been "almost as much of a tearaway as his naughty brother" in private. 