BBC pundit Garth Crooks has once again hit out at Premier League referee Mike Dean after he announced his intentions to retire at the end of the season. Dean, 53, has been overseeing games in the top-flight since 2000, and is one of the most recognisable faces in the division. Yet he has been criticised by some for attempting to steal the limelight from the players, and is certainly a colourful character both on and off the pitch. Writing in his Team of the Week column, Crooks admitted he was not too disappointed to hear of Dean's decision to call it a day. "It was announced this week that, after 22 years, Premier League referee Mike Dean will hang up his whistle," Crooks said. "I would like to say thanks for the memories but I can't. One manager was of the view when he heard the news that Dean should have retired 10 years ago. Well, I wouldn't go quite that far but the referee does have a habit of bringing those emotions out in people. "He has been at the centre of too many controversial decisions over the years. His pompous manner and flamboyant behaviour on the pitch have left many confused and angry when all we wanted to do was enjoy the game." This is not the first time Crooks has taken issue with Dean, and a video of him lashing out at the official on BBC's Final Score went viral a number of years ago. Addressing that occasion, Crooks added: "There was a moment I completely lost it with Dean on Final Score. Arsenal were playing Chelsea at Stamford Bridge and it was by far the game of the day. "The match was finely balanced with the battle between Arsenal centre-back Gabriel and Chelsea striker Diego Costa very much the feature of the match. A meaningless tussle ensued between the two players resulting in Dean giving Gabriel his marching orders. "It is a habit Dean has repeated more than any other Premier League referee but, more importantly, it destroyed what was an excellent football match and the spectacle the fans had come to see in a crass moment of total self-indulgence. I went ballistic. "Sadly, on too many occasions, Dean has allowed the big moments to cloud his judgement. Staying calm and objective under extreme pressure is what defines a great referee. I just wish Dean had possessed both those qualities when it mattered." Dean has recently opened up on his emotions about leaving football behind, and when asked about his proudest achievement replied: "To be at the top for 22 years. Players can be at the top for 22 years - not many but some. I have kept myself in pretty decent shape. "To be in the position I have been in for that long and refereeing the best lot of football ever, having the best seat in the house every week and not having to pay for it... it is ideal. I don't know what I'll be like in August." 