The TV licence fee has been frozen for the next two years at £159 per year, but certain households could get the benefits of a licence without paying a penny. Britons can get a free TV Licence if they are over 75 years old, and claiming Pension Credit. Pensioners over the age of 75 that claim Pension Credit receive a free TV licence and can receive a refund if their last bought licence expires after they turn 75. Additionally, pensioners who are eligible but bought a licence as they were not aware of their entitlement can also receive a refund. Pension Credit recipients can apply for their free TV licence from the age of 74. This is because it may take a few weeks to process the application. Once processed, their licence fee payments will be updated to last until the applicant's 75 birthday. READ MORE: Disability Living Allowance explained as thousands set to move to new benefit Britons who are registered as legally blind are able to apply for a 50 percent discount on their licence fee. Those who are blind, or live with someone who is, can put forward an application for the discount. Currently, the cost of a colour TV licence is £159 and £53.50 for a black and white licence if someone were to pay the full amount. This means that a television licence for a blind person would be priced at £79.50 in colour and £26.75 in black and white. Around two million people are suffering from some form of blindness or sight loss, according to NHS statistics. Some 360,000 people in this wider group are legally classified as blind or partially sighted by the Government. However, in order to claim the 50 percent discount, applicants will need to prove to the TV Licensing body that they qualify and are in fact blind. Unfortunately, people who are registered as only partially sighted or visually impaired will not be eligible for concession on their TV licence fee. Examples of evidence which are viewed as qualifying documentation to prove someone’s blindness is either a Certificate of Visual Impairment (CVI) or a BD8 Certificate. Alternatively, an applicant can get a letter from an eye surgeon confirming their blindness to assessors. All documentation should be included in a claimant's application. Additionally, Britons in certain accommodations may be able to get a discount on their TV licence. University students could still be covered by their parents’ licence and not require one of their own if all of the following conditions are met:Their out-of-term address is covered by a TV licenceThe device they use to watch TV is powered solely by its own internal batteryThe device is also not connected to an aerial or plugged into the mains. Students who stay in halls of residence will likely be able to watch live TV in mutual or common areas without needing a TV licence but not in their private rooms. Generally a property only requires one licence to cover all of the occupants, so lodgers who have a relationship with the licence holder, such as family members, nannies or housekeepers, will be covered by the licence as long as they live in the same building.