The coronavirus pandemic has impacted the lives of humanity for over two years, and in 2022, restrictions across the world began to ease. Although travel restrictions are still in place, many rules such as mask-wearing and social distancing have been scrapped, especially in the UK. However, on Saturday morning, April 30, BBC Breakfast's Ros Atkins brilliantly explained how the rest of the world was moving forward with living with Covid, whilst China was going in another direction. BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Munchetty introduced the discussion and said: "Mass lockdowns, remember those? "They are a thing of the past here in the UK, but millions of people in China are still being confined to their homes." Co-star Ben Thompson added: "Yes, and that is because the Chinese authority has remained committed to a policy of what they call zero Covid. "Well, Ros Atkins has been taking a look at what it means and just how well it is working." READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Spider Nugent returns as Emily Bishop dies Ros went on to explain: "In many parts of the world, most Covid restrictions are gone, but in China, lockdown remains the strategy, and any change, of course, is being resisted." A clip was played of Professor Liang Wannian, China's National Health Commission, who said: "If we choose to lay down now, our efforts will have come to nothing." Ros continued: "Zero Covid means lockdowns, it means mass testing, and it means anyone who tests positive going to a government-run quarantine centre. "Also, in Shanghai, we have seen officials in hazmat suits disinfecting the streets and fences to stop people from leaving their flats." A clip sent in by Shanghai Correspondent Robin Brant was played, where he revealed: "Electronic, magnetic alarms are going to be placed on people in places where they have tested positive to try and monitor them, so they don't leave." "If that's in Shanghai, elsewhere, 20 other Chinese cities are under some form of lockdown, and in the capital, Beijing, people know they could be next," Ros exclaimed. He continued: "There has been panic buying after new Covid cases sparked rumours of a lockdown, that hasn't happened, but millions of residents have been tested. "This zero Covid approach has saved lives during the pandemic. In China, there have been fewer than 5,000 recorded Covid deaths, in the US, it is close to a million. DON'T MISS...Matt Hancock denies responsibility for care homes deaths during Covid  [INSIGHT]China's Covid quarantine camps stretch 'as far as the eye can see' [LATEST]China's 2 fronts as Putin faces off with West and Covid hits Beijing [MORE] "China's zero Covid commitment may come at a cost, the international monetary fund has cut its growth forecast for the Chinese economy this year to 4.4 per cent, China's target is 5.5. "51 per cent of over 80s have had two doses, but just 20 per cent have had a third booster dose, because of this, some of China's elderly remain vulnerable to Covid. "China's health care system is vulnerable too, healthcare, vaccine rates, and Omicron are all used for arguments for zero Covid. "But this is about politics too, Chinese social media is tightly controlled, but videos emerged of protests in Shanghai and a confrontation as police forced people out of their homes. "For whatever reason, China's policy has shifted a little, more significant shifts appear unlikely, though, not least because this Autumn, president Xi Jinping will seek an unprecedented third term in power. "Covid is part of the equation, in the short term, it is one of the reasons why the world is going in one direction on Covid and China is going in another," he concluded. The UK lifted all restrictions back in March 2022, with Boris Johnson launching their new scheme of living with Covid. BBC Breakfast airs every day from 6am on BBC One.