George Russell has warned he and Lewis Hamilton are suffering a similar issue to Red Bull at Mercedes. The former Williams man said there had been a “lot of talk” about the weight of cars between teams. However, he admitted the Silver Arrows was “not the lightest car on the grid” suggesting they are also suffering the same issues as their Red Bull rivals. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, Russell said: “There’s a lot of talk about the weight of the cars and we are definitely not the lightest car on the grid for sure. So there’s free lap time there.” Ahead of the new season, Mercedes team principal; Toto Wolff warned they and Red Bull were among the heaviest cars on the grid. Reports in Italy last month suggested Red Bull was also concerned about the weight of their challenger. READ MORE: Max Verstappen blames teams as he opens up on Hamilton 'confrontation' It was predicted the team would be hoping to shave 10kg off their car for the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix in a bid to reduce lap time by a couple of tenths a second. However, Red Bull chief Helmut Marko has warned not all of this will be off ahead of the race in Imola but predicted there would be “some savings in terms of weight” this weekend. Speaking to RTL, he said: "It doesn't happen overnight. "It's a lengthy process because we're a lot overweight - at least a lot more than Ferrari. If we get to Barcelona close to Ferrari's level, we will be satisfied." Red Bull must also find a fix to their mechanical failures after a string of issues this season. Max Verstappen broke down from what appeared to be two guaranteed second-place finishes in Bahrain and Australia. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell shoots down Lewis Hamilton rivalry fears  [INSIGHT]Verstappen at fault for difficult start as Red Bull chief shifts blame [ANALYSIS]Marko admits Hamilton worry despite saying Red Bull on different level [COMMENT] It means the Dutchman lies sixth in the drivers’ standings having thrown away a minimum of 36 points. But, Marko is sure cutting down on weight is still vital in their bid to chase down the dominant Ferrari squad who have two wins from three races this season. The Red Bull chief told F1-Insider: “Ferrari has come closer to the weight limit than we have. We believe that we have 10 kilograms too much, that's at least three-tenths. That gives us additional hope, because we'll be three-tenths faster just because we're slimming down."