The stars of CBS’ long-running crime series Law and Order SVU recently reunited for an appearance on the talk show, The Late Night with Seth Meyers. On the show they revealed how they first met and Mariska Hargitay admitted she mistook her co-star Chris Meloni for a different actor.  Mariska became a household name after taking on the role as the beloved Olivia Benson back in 1999. With the series in its 23rd season, Mariska has remained on the show as one of the most familiar faces in the procedural drama. As well as being the longest-serving cast member on Law and Order SVU, she has also earned the title of the longest-running female character in a TV drama. In the pilot episode, Chris Meloni starred alongside Mariska as Elliot Stabler and during their appearance, the two recalled how they first met. READ MORE: Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? During their appearance on The Late Night with Seth Meyers, it was revealed Mariska mistook Chris for John Slattery. The two actors rose from their seats and reenacted the first time they met. As Chris re-imagined walking through a door, Mariska turned around and shouted “Slattery,” before going in for a hug, to which Chris responded: “Meloni.” Mariska explained: “I heard that John Slattery was testing for the part”. “The guy who did Mad Men,” Chris added.  Mariska continued: “And I was so excited, never met him.” Pointing at Chris, she added: “And he comes in, I knew the other two guys so I knew that they weren’t Slattery. “I see him and I go ‘Slattery,’ and he just goes ‘Meloni’. Seth chimed in: “I know Slattery and it's a big whiff to think”. “It's a different guy,” Chris interjected. DON'T MISS...NCIS season 19 UK: When will series 19 premiere on Disney+? [INSIGHT]What did Lauryn do to Sully in Top Boy? [INSIGHT]Law and Order's Christopher Meloni shares reason for shows name change [INSIGHT] Seth agreed: “Real different guy, it's not like you’re ever like ‘those two, you can’t tell those two apart’ because you definitely can.” However, fans are glad Mariska and Chris ended up working together as their chemistry and enthralling storylines secured them a loyal fan base. The two starred on screen together until season 12 in 2011 when his character Stabler decided to take early retirement after fatally shooting a teenage girl which left him traumatised. Not only was Olivia devastated that her partner had relocated to Italy with his family, she later received a promotion to Captain. Following the death of his wife, Elliot returned to New York in 2021 and reconnected with Olivia after 10 years. While his character returned to work in the Organised Crime Control Bureau, the actor made his comeback with his own spin-off Law and Order: OC. As the two characters had flirtations throughout the seasons, Mariska hinted Olivia and Elliot could finally explore a relationship. However, she was still hurt at the fact he left her for 10 years and she wanted to give him time to grieve his wife. Law and Order SVU is available on CBS in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 