Prince Harry first launched the Invictus Games in 2014 and since then has been a hot talking point along with his wife The Duchess of Sussex Meghan Markle. The sporting event takes place every two years, and after delaying 2020's games due to the Covid pandemic, the long-awaited event has divided fans online. Harry and Meghan attended the 2022 Invictus Games at The Hague in the Netherlands. Harry set up the event "to demonstrate the power of sports to inspire recovery, support rehabilitation and to demonstrate life beyond disability". Despite the noble cause of the event, not everyone was a fan of the coverage they received. Viewer @WildYonder2 tweeted: "It's disgusting and despicable that the #InvictusGamesNL has turned into the Harry & Meghan show. #InvictusGames." Read More: Coronation Street theory: Heartache for Eileen Grimshaw as she learns George's secret  Twitter user Rose4606 suggested Meghan "always needed to be centre of attention". She said: "She wasn't able to command center stage as a royal. However @w_selwa felt differently and said: "What a gentleman Prince Harry is. He's just wonderful man #InvictusGamesNL #InvictusGames." (sic) Back in the studio following highlights from the opening ceremony, host Alex Jones said how it was nice to see Harry up on stage and said he looked "quite overwhelmed".  Another unhappy viewer, @babsiess, stated: "To ex dom Harry. This is not your personal games. Hand them over to Rishi Sunak and his wife who have more commitment to UK and don't use us for their international setups #InvictusGamesNL." (sic) Yet Liz Yeoman commented: "Say what you want about Meghan and Harry, but I absolutely love The Invictus Games, any opportunity for people to show what they’ve overcome to have success should be celebrated. "Well done Harry for organising them! #InvictusGames." @SarahKH09 described her thoughts on Harry's presence, adding: "Like many, I've watched him grow up. DON’T MISS…BBC Breakfast: Fans are convinced they have 'figured out' Dan Walker replacement [LATEST]Dec Donnelly breaks down in tears over BGT star's heartbreaking performance[LATEST]Yellowstone's Rip and Carter dinner scene had glaring continuity error - did you spot it? [LATEST]   "My heart has broken for him, he has infuriated me & he has made me proud. He has grown up in public & is as flawed a human being as any of us. But our #PrinceHarry has created something truly wonderful in the #InvictusGames. #LestWeForget." [Sic] @CreateTC couldn't speak highly enough of Harry and said: "Prince Harry deserves an absolute world of credit for what he's done with @WeAreInvictus. "Phenomenal impact. It is utterly beyond me how the #InvictusGames (or indeed Harry himself) are not regularly held up as a major source of British national pride." (sic) Meghan paid tribute to her husband in an emotional speech as she welcomed him to the stage. She gushed: "I could not love and respect him more and I know that all of you feel the same because he is your fellow veteran, having served two tours of duty in Afghanistan and 10 years of military service." Over 500 competitors will be attending the games over the week, with the participants coming from 20 nations.    Over the six years the event has existed, hundreds of former surviving military professionals have shown their appreciation for the event and how it has helped him. As a former serviceman, Harry founded the games to give other veterans and serving personnel the chance to compete in sporting activities they specialised in. Now residing in California, Harry has returned to the UK twice since he relocated. He came back once for the funeral of Prince Philip in April 2021, and a few months later to join his brother for the unveiling of a statue in tribute to his late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. The Invictus Games is covered on BBC One and on BBC iPlayer. 