Barbara Young, 25, went to the West One Retail Park in Eccles, Greater Manchester, with her sister and son, where they picked up two electric scooters - worth £130 - and a bag full of other items. They went to the check out and then left with the items. But on their way out, Young's sister was stopped by the shop assistant, who had realised that the bag hadn't been paid for. She apologised, handing the store worker the bag for life. But when he returned to the checkout, Manchester Crown Court heard, he noticed the transaction for the scooters had been voided. Juliet Berry, for the prosecution, told the court: "He followed her to the carpark and saw the defendant in the driving seat, and saw a male and a child in the front seat. "The second female explained to the defendant that they needed to get the scooter out of the boot, to which she said the boot wouldn’t open. "At this point the store assistant became suspicious and took a photo of the registration plate and said he was going to call the police." Young then drove at the man, with her sister in the car. According to Manchester Evening News, CCTV footage showed the man clinging on to the bonnet of her car, before images then showed him slumped on the ground. Young drove over the man's feet as she left the scene. The car was later found abandoned, containing one of the scooters and a bag for life. The store assistant's phone was also found on the edge of the windscreen. A check on the vehicle found that she was not insured and the car itself was using false plates. She was, however, the registered keeper of the vehicle. Jane Dagnall, defending, said the car was a gift from her family and Young was not aware that it was stolen. The victim said that the impact of the incident is "hard to put into words" and is still suffering pain five months on. He sustained numerous injuries including abrasions to his sternum, back, elbow and knuckles. He said: "I have to keep going - I just keep living in this cycle of pain and torment". Ms Dagnall said Young is "totally ashamed and remorseful". She said: "Her instruction is that it wasn’t something she wanted to do. There was very little thought. "She has been on remand for two months. "The clanging of the prison gates has affected her. "It hit home what it’s like to lose her liberty. "She is a young woman, she is a mother of two and she is totally ashamed and remorseful." Young, of Crompton Lodge Caravan Park, Hall Lane, has been sentenced to 22 months in prison. On sentencing, Paul Reid QC said: "You got into a car which you had no right to be driving. You had your child with you. "It’s perfectly clear he was standing immediately in front of your car. You couldn’t avoid seeing him. "You chose to drive off with him in front of you, it wasn’t just a nudge, you drove into him with such force that he was propelled on the bonnet of the car and was hanging on."