Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain more than 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips in her name. On one such group with more than 90,000 members, Facebook user Louise Stay asked: “Evening. Just wanted to know. “What’s the best way to clean oven racks. I use brillo pads. “Anyone else have any tips? I’d like to pick up. Thanks.” The post received almost 80 comments on Facebook but the most popular response was to use laundry detergent. READ MORE: What to do with daffodils after flowering - 5 key steps Jan Stones said: “Soak in laundry detergent or dishwasher tablet several hours it then comes off easily!” Sandy Davies replied: “Soak in the bath with lots of biological washing powder and some hot water.” Yvonne Todd wrote: “I bought a tray from Lakeland that is big enough to hold oven shelves. “Fill with hot water and biological detergent (Ariel) and leave soaking all night and they just need a light rub with a cloth the next morning.  DON'T MISSGarden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [INSIGHT]‘Indestructible’ garden plants which will ‘thrive’ on their own [UPDATE]‘Does the job’: ‘Effective’ ways to remove weeds from lawns [ANALYSIS] “Obviously depends how bad they are whether you need to do them again.” Cara Clark commented: “Soak over night in biological washing powder! “You still have to wipe them after soaking. Did mine yesterday!” Michelle Gordon said: “Take shelves out, put them in a bath of warm water with soap powder, leave for a while then give them a wipe.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Janet Yarker wrote: “Soak mine in a big tub of washing powder. All the gunk just falls off.” Debbi Walcott Love replied: “Soak in laundry detergent overnight.” ASDA Smart Price Washing Powder 45 Washes costs £2.20. Surf Tropical Lily & Ylang-Ylang Laundry Powder is £5 from Waitrose. Daz Washing Powder For Whites & Colours costs £4 from Wilko. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans include using dishwasher tablets, sandpaper and soda crystals.  June Kinghorn said: “Put them in the bath with dishwasher tablets, then easy cleaned.” Sandra Delurey replied: “Try sandpaper. I saw it on this page the other day.” Monnie Garland commented: “Soak in soda crystal in hot water. “I put in a bath on an old towel, then use wire wool to remove. “It cleans racks lovely.” Heather Sullivan said: “I use round wire wool and hot soapy water - comes off quickly.”