Activists from Just Stop Oil claim to have created a secret network of tunnels at the Navigator and Grays oil terminals in Essex in order to prevent access to the Titan Truck Park, halting the transport of oil. The group, which is connected with Extinction Rebellion, are demanding the government stops new oil and gas projects. Just Stop Oil have claimed that thanks to their tunnelling exploits, the main and emergency access roads to the critical oil terminals are closed. They added that Titan Truck Park has more than 100 oil tankers that service the three major oil terminals in the area.  Tweeting a photo of one of the tunnels, the activist group said: "What's this? "It's one of three tunnels, one dug under each entrance to the massive Navigator oil terminal and one at the entrance to the Grays site?" ExxonMobil, one of the country’s largest privately-owned underground oil pipeline distribution networks, have responded to the protest, tweeting: "A small protest is currently underway outside one of our five fuel terminals. While we respect the right to peaceful protest, our priority is the safety of our people, our neighbours, the protestors and our operations. "We are working with the Police on site to ensure that safety is maintained. "We empathise with anyone from the local community experiencing any inconvenience resulting from the actions today of this group." Extinction Rebellion, who yesterday protested alongside Just Stop Oil, tweeted in support of the protest, adding: "Major disruption expected, till the government stop funding fossil fuels."  According to Just Stop Oil's website, the group was inspired to occupy the tunnels by the underground protest which halted HS2's construction at Euston Square Gardens. They have also stated that they are "reticent" to provide details of the tunnels or define how extensive the network is. They have also not specified whether they have taken safety precautions when digging it. The protest comes the day after 34 people from Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion were arrested as they blocked 10 fuel sites in the Midlands and Southern England yesterday. Police said arrests were made for offences including aggravated trespass, criminal damage and obstructing the highway. The Met arrested 14 activists who broke into a facility at Bedfont Road in Staines, Surrey, while Essex Police detained 13 demonstrators at various sites, and West Midlands Police arrested six people at a terminal in Tyburn, Birmingham. Starting at 4am, activists sat on the road and climbed on top of oil tankers - with some even glueing themselves down. ExxonMobil said that it was forced to shut down three of its terminals as a result of the protests. 