Jasmine Harman, 46, has let fans see some behind-the-scenes footage while filming A Place In The Sun in Spain. However, her experience has not been as glorious as expected as Costa Blanca was hit with rain and heavy winds on Monday. The host still seemed to keep her spirits up though in clips shared to her 103,000 Instagram followers via her story. While standing on the Torrevieja promenade, Jasmine laughed and exclaimed: “It’s just getting worse and worse! Look at this...” She turned the camera to show the waves crashing onto the coast as the wind could be heard roaring in the background. The windswept presenter continued, “I’ve never seen waves quite like it,” before introducing the couple hoping to find their holiday home. READ MORE:Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress Jasmine, who was wrapped in a hoody and a big coat at this point, turned to them and asked: "We are having fun aren’t we guys?! Is this what you were expecting from A Place In The Sun?” The couple still had smiles on their faces and cheerfully replied: “Oh yes! Living the dream!” To which Jasmine echoed: “Living the dream in the wind and rain and the freezing cold, but there you go. They are good sports!” She then shared another clip of the rough sea and joked whether any of her followers “fancied a dip”. Later in the day Jasmine shared an update that confirmed the weather had not improved. She posted a snap of herself wearing a summer dress and heels as she fought with an umbrella to stop it from blowing away. Nevertheless, she still had a smile on her face and captioned the photo: “So we’re enjoying the glorious Spanish weather this fine Monday morning! I know you’re all dead jealous!!! #StillSmiling.” More than a hundred of Jasmine’s followers took to the comments to share their sympathy. DON'T MISSKelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home[INSIGHT]Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap[LATEST]Zoe Ball forced to leave midway through Radio 2 show due to illness[NEWS] John wrote: “Well done on standing up to it but of course for a hardy English girl it's just a mere puff of wind.”Gaz quipped: “Thanks, but I’ll stay in the UK for the moment!”While Carol said: “Wow! You really love your job don’t you!”And Jerenshaw echoed: “I hope it improves before I get there next week. I doubt I will look as glamorous as you do though.”A Place In The Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm.