The One Show's Alex Jones was joined by stand-in host Alex Scott, who spoke to actor guests Will Mellor, Suranne Jones and Ralf Little. As Suranne detailed her gruelling experience filming BBC drama Vigil, Alex Scott joked she should join Death in Paradise to have a "nice couple of days in the Caribbean", but Ralf cut in to dismiss the claims, insisting filming the crime drama is "still a job". After Suranne, 43, detailed filming the "terrifying" scenes in the claustrophobic submarine setting of Vigil, she explained how difficult it was. "Suranne, you know what? You need a part on Death in Paradise!" Alex remarked. "Nice couple of days in the Caribbean-" "We were just talking about that before," the actress replied, looking at Ralf, who stars as the inspector on the island of Saint Marie. "It's not that easy, you know!" Ralf argued, however, adding: "It might not be on a submarine..." READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? Coronation Street star Will chimed in: "It's easy as a guest, I went on as a guest, it was great. I had about five days' work in two weeks on the beach." Ralf continued to protest, however: "I'm still up at like 5.45 every morning, it's still an actual job." "We'll believe you, some wouldn't," Alex joked as co-host Alex Jones explained the attraction. "But you're the inspector," she elaborated, going on to point out: "If you're the victim you get killed off day one..." "You can sunbathe!" Gentleman Jack star Suranne quickly pointed out. "Oh yeah," Ralf conceded. "It's the best part actually, being a guest is great but being a victim is great on Death In Paradise, it's like a big industry secret. "Like 'try and be the victim', because you film for a couple of intense days when you arrive and then literally, you're usually there for about 10 or 12 days and you're just like, 'let me know if you need me'." "I was only in about five days," Will admitted. "Five intense days and the World Cup was on - it was great!"   Suranne argued: "You see all these actors pop up in it. Clearly, they're all like, 'oh, a holiday'." "Nobody says no!" Ralf agreed, while Will joked: "'Where's it filmed? Caribbean - get me in, no problem'." Ralf echoed the misconception about the location of Death in Paradise during a previous appearance on The One Show. Earlier this year, he told the hosts: "There’s not a day that goes by where I don’t think, ‘I’m the luckiest man in the world’." He added: "It is physically demanding, there’s no two ways about it, and it’s cumulative. "Before anyone reads this and goes ‘oh boo-hoo, poor you’, of course, you could do it for two weeks, you could do it for four weeks, you could even do it for six weeks and be fine. "But after you’ve been out here for five months, it’s tiring." The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.