EastEnders copper Jack (played by Scott Maslen) was finally settling into a comfortable life with his wife Denise Fox (Diane Parish) and his children, but a blast from the past emerged in the form of Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf). Pandering to demands made by imprisoned brother Phil (Steve McFadden), Sam went to extreme lengths in Thursday's episode of the BBC soap to get Jack to dig into the crimes of Phil's sinister gangster contact, Jonah Tyler (Mark Mooney). Could he take revenge by tracking down Jack's daughter and threatening to hurt her unless Jack stops digging? Jack knew Sam's return could only mean bad news, and he was right. She came back only with intentions to help Phil while Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) struggled to keep on top of his dad's "business". Potentially losing important associates like Jonah, Phil is determined to stay one step ahead and keep Jonah from getting the family into further trouble. With Jack's police powers a valuable tool, Sam decided to blackmail her ex and tell him she'd try to get custody of Ricky Mitchell (Frankie Day) if he didn't find out all he could on Jonah. In Wednesday's episode, she told Jack: "I need your help, Jack, with a business problem. READ MORE: 'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry "Something's not quite gone to plan and I was thinking there's no hope, then I remembered you." Jack refused to help Sam, and on Thursday's instalment, Sam made good on her threat. She took Ricky out of school, leaving Jack terrified she was taking him abroad. Later, Sam explained to Ricky she had never been a good mother and why she left him with Jack. She told Jack where they were and he came storming over, worried about his son. "So, has my point been made?" She asked after he found them. She added: "We both know you're not going to arrest me because if you did I'd make sure you never see him again." "What do you want me to do?" He asked, not knowing how else to protect his son. "Get the dirt on Jonah," Sam demanded. "Or failing that, turn the screws so that he forgets he's ever heard the name Mitchell." Jack reluctantly agreed after Sam promised she'd soon go back home. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Horror as Ollie Carter goes missing [THEORY]'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry [LATEST]Britain's Got Talent defend 'Jim Crow' act after backlash [REACTION] Jonah is a powerful Walford gangster and Wednesday's episode showed what he was capable of when Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) and Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) had to try to make a deal with him and were terrified for the safety of their families. Sharon assured Kat Jonah "doesn't hurt kids", but she still looked concerned. If Jack starts digging and someone close to Jonah finds out, the dangerous criminal may realise what is going on. Seeking revenge on the police officer, he may go after someone Jack would never expect them to, his daughter Penny. Penny was in the soap in 2008 when she was a young schoolgirl, but she moved to France with her mother. Since then, she's rarely mentioned. Now in her 20s, she will probably be old enough for Jonah and his gang of thugs to use as leverage for her father. It's possible Jonah might turn the tables and begin to find out all he can about Jack. If he realises Jack has an older daughter, he will probably be able to get his contacts to go after her in France. Jack may soon receive a terrifying call asking him to back off Jonah if he wants to ensure Penny is left alone and unharmed. Jack, who only agreed to Sam's demands because he would do "anything" to protect his children, is likely to take the threat seriously. Could Penny, who hasn't been seen in years, make an explosive comeback following Jack's dodgy scheming? Jack wouldn't allow anything to happen to his daughter, so will probably cease helping the Mitchells as soon as he learns Jonah has brought her into it. Will Jack be able to ensure Penny is released safely after being held hostage? If so, the ordeal could see Penny making a return to confront her father. EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.