Home Secretary Ms Patel said yesterday it showed the Government was on the way to meeting the Tories' pledge to recruit the 20,000 officers by next March. The total number of officers across 43 forces has reached 142,526, the highest figure in a decade.  Figures from the Police Uplift Programme showed 13,576 - 68 percent of the Government's objective - were recruited. She said: "We made a promise to the British people to recruit 20,000 extra police officers to cut crime and keep communities safe - and we are delivering on that pledge." Ms Patel also said the new bobbies were "reflecting the communities they serve better than ever before", with the highest proportion yet of women and those from diverse backgrounds. Women accounted for 42.4 percent of new recruits, while 11.7 percent came from minority backgrounds. But Ms Patel attacked Labour mayors of London and Greater Manchester for failing to meet their recruitment targets, "particularly given how quick they are to tour TV studios demanding more help from the Government".  Her aides say thousands of extra officers are already on the streets, cracking down on anti-social behaviour and violent crime. In the last year, police have removed 16,000 weapons under stop-and-search powers, disrupted more than 600 crime gangs and made more than 1,400 county lines drug arrests. However, London mayor Sadiq Khan was 133 officers short of his target and Greater Manchester's Andy Burnham 30 behind. Mr Khan has demanded more Government help and the Greater Manchester force was put into special measures under Mr Burnham's leadership. A London Labour spokesman hit back, saying: "Sadiq's record investment has meant police numbers in London have grown. "We now have over 34,500 officers in the city - more than at any time in history."  One of the key pledges we were elected on in 2019 was to recruit 20,000 extra police officers to help cut crime and keep our streets and communities safe. Shortly after that election, we were hit with an unprecedented global pandemic that has required unprecedented Government action over the last few years. But despite that, we have not forgotten the promises we made to Express readers. It's why I'm delighted to be able to say we are ahead of schedule on keeping that promise. I am unapologetic in my steadfast determination to give the police the officers and tools they need to ceaselessly target the criminals blighting our communities.  Sadly, the record of the Labour Party speaks for itself. Keir Starmer talks tough, but he ordered his Labour MPs to vote against our Policing Bill, which included tougher sentences for violent offenders and rapists and gave the police more powers to crack down on extreme protesters. It is also disappointing that despite the great figures out today, Labour mayors Sadiq Khan and Andy Burnham, who run the Metropolitan and Greater Manchester police forces, have failed to meet their targets for extra officers. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan has abjectly failed to tackle soaring violent crime in our capital, but is never far away from a TV camera to demand more help from the Government. Yet when we put the funding in place to recruit more police, he has yet again failed to deliver. Labour are tough on talk, weak on crime. There is more to do to cut crime on our streets, but we are getting on with the job, giving the police the officers and tools they need and delivering on our promises. The Rt Hon Priti Patel is Secretary of State for the Home Department. 