French residents have begun to cast their votes and are heading to the polls in the presidential election runoff between Emmanuel Macron and his far-right rival, Marine Le Pen. The result of the election is likely to have large repercussions for the future of the European Union, with Katya Adler revealing that if Le Pen wins, it will not only be a surprise for the French residents but also for those in Brussels BBC News presenter Reeta Chakrabarti spoke to Katya in Paris and asked: "Kayta, Le Pen is the challenger here, but if she wins, it will be a shock in many more ways than one." Katya agreed and revealed: "Well, that is right, Reeta, and there is rising tensions here in Le Pen's headquarters here in Paris. "This is such a tense election because there is so much at stake, two very different visions for France at home and abroad, as we have heard there from Lucy, and so emotions are extremely high tonight. "A shock win from Le Pen wouldn't just shock a lot of French people tonight, but particularly Brussels and Le Pen is a well-known Eurosceptic. 1600377 "President Le Pen could be seen as an existential threat to Brussels, that kind of shot you can expect that to be reflected in the international financial market affecting the Euro currency. "But a surprise win for Le Pen will obviously be celebrated here, she is promising to bring power back to the people and tackle the rising cost of living for France's poorest." Before speaking to Katya, Reeta also spoke to Lucy Williamson, who was at the Macron headquarters and asked: "Lucy, Emmanuel Macron has been comfortably ahead in the polls, how confident are they of a victory?" Lucy explained: "Well, I think they are a bit more confident than they were a couple of weeks ago. As you say, the polls have shifted in their favour since then. "But they haven't shifted quite enough for Mr Macron to be quiet at all. More than 10 per cent of voters, even a couple of days ago, were saying they hadn't decided who to vote for. "If you listen to Mr Macron at the end of the campaign, he kept on and on telling voters to come out and vote - the battle isn't won. "Even if he does win, polls have always predicted Marine Le Pen is going to do much better this time than she did last time, and if that is true, Mr Macron will have lost already in one very important way. "He said five years ago he wanted to remove the reasons for people to vote for the far-right, if the polls are correct, then he might have added to them," she admitted. DON'T MISS...'Don't want Macron and don't want Le Pen!' French voter exasperated [INSIGHT]Macron election win to spark CHAOS in Paris [LATEST]French election LIVE: Macron 'breaches rules' on polling day [WATCH] Both Macron and Le Pen cast their votes in the election earlier today, and a great deal of attention was placed on the turnout this time around, with plenty of speculation that voters stayed away because they don't particularly like either candidate. Others say they feel an obligation to attend the polling stations but will simply leave their ballot paper blank, leaving it as a white vote. Macron and Le Pen emerged as the frontrunners after the first round of voting a fortnight ago when French voters were asked to choose between a field of 12 candidates. They have spent two weeks campaigning across the country on a range of topics, although a great deal of focus has been placed by both candidates on how France can best deal with the rising cost of living. There has also been a significant focus on foreign affairs, immigration and social cohesion. There have been notable differences between Macron and Le Pen, however, the pair have only clashed on one occasion. With an estimated 58.2% of the vote, Emmanuel Macron has been reelected as President of France, defeating extreme right National Rally leader Marine Le Pen who amassed 41.8%. The polls closed earlier this evening and the results were announced. voter abstention was 28.7%, according to media reports. This is higher than in 2017 when Macron and Le Pen faced off for the first time, and is also more than the first round of voting two weeks ago. BBC News airs weekdays from 6pm on BBC One.