WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Outlander season six episode six and potentially episode seven. Just as Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) had recovered from her illness, the Christie family arrived at the big house with Malva (Jessica Reynolds) claiming she was pregnant with Jamie’s (Sam Heughan) child. He denied the allegations but Claire was distraught and slapped the young girl. She later told her husband she believed he had not slept with her apprentice. But much of the Ridge are convinced he is the father of the unborn child. Now, fans think they have spotted a clue Jamie could not have fathered the baby. Malva claimed she slept with Jamie more than once while Claire was delirious and ill in bed. When she explained she was pregnant, two months had passed since the time-traveller had fallen sick. Viewers were quick to comment Malva was showing her pregnancy more than they would expect for just a few months after sleeping with Jamie. They also remarked Brianna Fraser (Sophie Skelton) who confirmed she was pregnant in episode five was not showing as much. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast guest on Rishi Sunak debate 'Two chancellors' Taking to Reddit to discuss the latest episode, fans explained it was impossible for Jamie to be the father due to an issue with the timeline of events. User Glittering Thought48 asked: “Shouldn’t Brianna be showing her pregnancy belly by now? “Her pregnancy was announced around the same time as Malva’s, but she isn’t really showing much in the last scene of this episode between her and Roger.” Peaceful-Plantpot explained: “I think that’s the clue that Malva had been pregnant longer than she was letting on. “She was already pregnant when Claire was sick, and she saw staying behind to care for her an excellent way to later blame Jamie. “I suspect she was plotting it when she saw them in the stable. The “love” spell they found at the creek might’ve been an abortion spell instead… “I haven’t read the book, so this is all guessing, but clearly they wanted us to see the baby was farther along.” They later added: “Right, and Claire will see right away that the pregnancy timeline doesn’t add up. Hopefully she’ll be able to convince the rest of the ridge.” DON'T MISS...Who killed Malva Christie in Outlander? [EXPLAINER]Why did Jessica Reynolds leave Outlander as Malva Christie? [INSIGHT]Who is whistling at the end of Outlander? Has Wendigo Donner returned? [LATEST] User elsavesnl also agreed: “You would expect at least a bit. certainly when R&J came back from the congress after 2 months. The Malva-baby was almost full grown, so Bree would also be 7 months or so…” ROFRfan added: “I noticed that too. You are right she was supposed to be at least 5-6 months pregnant by then.” Fans of the novels by Diana Gabaldon will know Jamie is not the father of Malva’s baby but it’s someone much closer to home. Allan (Alexander Vlahos) is the father of Malva’s child and had been abusing his sibling for many months and when she felt guilty about her lies, he decides to silence her. In the novels, after Claire is proven innocent, Allan confesses to her saying he regrets what he did. Claire desperately tries to stop him from killing himself but Young Ian (John Bell) hears his confession. The young Fraser boy shoots Allan in the back and he dies in front of Claire. Outlander season 6 continues on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK on April 24.