Emmanuel Macron is widely seen as the mouthpiece for the European Union, and has been a continued critic of Brexit. He has also been at the forefront for the EU of trying to broker a peace deal between Russia and Ukraine, even travelling to Moscow for crunch talks with Vladimir Putin. But in a bitter blow for Frexiteers, French election rival Marine Le Pen, who was once in favour of a Brexit-style departure, last week ruled out France leaving the EU should she become the next President. However leading Frexiteer Eric Noirez has explained why an election win for Mr Macron could add further fuel to the campaign's push, pointing to a recent poll pointing towards overwhelming support for Frexit. He told Express.co.uk: "At the risk of surprising, I think that a re-election of Macron could paradoxically favour the campaign for Frexit. "Why? Because Europeanists like Macron are fanatical people and the more they will practice the headlong rush in their Euro-federalist delirium, the more the price to pay and the harmful consequences for the French will be strong and visible. "On the other hand, the question of the democratic legitimacy of the European project cannot be left unanswered indefinitely. "Macron cannot eternally transfer entire and decisive parts of popular sovereignty without the French people having a say. "A recent poll commissioned by Generation Frexit has just shown that 63 percent of French people were in favour of a referendum on the question of Frexit being organised in the country. "We also know that 65 percent of French people would like more national sovereignty. "These figures are very revealing and I have no doubt that they would increase further if Macron were to resume his role as the great deconstructor of France for another five years." As a result, Mr Noirez believes "opposition forces" may eventually have to consider whether to hold a referendum on Frexit, and claimed Mr Macron knows the French "would probably vote like the British to leave the EU". He added: "Moreover, the opposition forces will, in my opinion, increasingly have to consider the question of a referendum on whether France should leave or remain in the EU. "The need for it will become more and more obvious in view of the changing political conditions and the European project desired by Macron. "Let us also recall that Macron himself admitted on the BBC that if the French had the opportunity, they would probably vote like the British to leave the EU." Generation Frexit President Charles-Henri Gallois is slightly more downbeat on the impacts on Frexit from a French election win for Mr Macron. But regardless, he has vowed to continue the fight for a referendum on the matter, promising: "We won't give up." When asked what would happen to Frexit in the event of an election win for the current French President, Mr Gallois told Express.co.uk: "As patriots, we will continue to fight to have this referendum on EU membership. "France is an old country with 1,500 years of history. We won’t give up." Mr Macron was victorious in the first round of the French election last weekend, gaining 27.8 percent of the vote. Right wing rival Marine Le Pen, who the current French President defeated in the 2017 election, followed in second with 23.1 percent. The two fierce political rivals now go head-to-head in the final vote on April 24 to decide who will be the French President for the next five years.