Neil Parish referred himself to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards, days after two female Tory MPs said they witnessed him looking at pornography on his mobile phone. The incidents are alleged to have taken place on two separate occasions - once in the Commons chamber and another at a committee meeting. He has now confirmed he will resign as an MP, a decision that has been welcomed by the Conservative party. Mr Parish said he opened a file by error and originally said he would continue with his parliamentary duties while inquiries are ongoing. The MP has been slammed for letting speculation accumulate over the last week by not coming forward to say it was him that has been accused. He even held an interview with GB News earlier in the week saying whoever was responsible should be “dealt with seriously”. Mr Parish originally said he would only resign if he was “found guilty” by the parliamentary investigation. READ MORE: Tory MP Neil Parish 'likely' to resign following porn allegations Speaking to reporters on Friday, he said: "I will await the findings of the inquiry and then I will consider my position. “I will not remain if I am found guilty. "Of course, it's embarrassing, and it's embarrassing for my wife and family, so that's my main concern at the moment." Yes - a by-election always takes place if a House of Commons seat is left vacant between a general election. This can happen when an MP: DON'T MISSMoment porngate politician refused to admit ‘it was him' days earlier [VIDEO]Parish to quit if found guilty after being named as porn-watching MP [NEWS]‘He’s a lovely person’ Wife stands by porn shame MP [QUOTES] Most recently, disgraced former MP Owen Paterson left his North Shropshire seat open when he resigned in November 2021 following being found guilty of breaking lobbying rules. A resignation from Mr Parish means there will be a by-election in Tiverton and Honiton, a constituency in Devon. A by-election will likely take place within three months of his vacancy, following the issuing of the “Writ”, which is a process triggered by the Speaker of the Commons to allow a new by-election. Once this has been triggered, a by-election will take place within 21 and 27 working days, according to Parliament UK.