Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta claims he has a "very clear" plan ahead of this summer's transfer window. Arsenal are in the market for at least one striker, with Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus a top target. The Gunners were the top spenders in England last summer, signing six new players. Their expenditure has reaped rewards on the pitch, as they currently sit fourth in the Premier League table with five matches of the season remaining. Jesus has been widely reported in recent days to be on Arsenal's radar for this summer. Technical director Edu is claimed to have been in contact with the player's representatives for several months. Last week, Edu said information had been issued to the club's owners about their plans for the upcoming window. And Arteta has echoed the Brazilian. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick shares brutal Chelsea, Liverpool and Man City transfer fears  Speaking at his pre-match press conference ahead of Sunday's trip to West Ham, the Spaniard was asked: "Do you know your plan already with the top people at the club about what you want and what you want from new players potentially in the summer? You've identified talents already?" Arteta simply nodded and said "yes". He was then asked if his targets depend on whether the Gunners qualify for the Champions League. Arteta responded: "It's not as easy as that but the plan is very clear." Arsenal were criticised for their lack of business in January. But speaking to ESPN, Edu claimed there was no need to make signings for the sake of it. Edu said: “There was no point in hiring one or two players [in January], the squad was not prepared to absorb two players, we needed to rebalance the squad. Maybe next season we can go to one or two players. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel 'adds two more stars to wishlist' to replace Rudiger [GOSSIP]Roy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]Tottenham's Eriksen return hopes boosted as midfielder makes 'preference' clear [TRANSFERS]  “Today we find a much more balanced squad. Our planning has already been done, it has already reached the owners. It's a matter of step by step, how we are going to finish the season and to put in place the planning that I'm very excited about. “A lot of things have to be put in place and that takes time, so I am expecting a busy summer.” Meanwhile, Hector Bellerin is spending this season on loan at Real Betis and is reportedly keen on making that move a permanent one. But Arteta insists a decision will be made on each player in the summer. "Any player with a contractual obligation with us is our player and is considered our player," he said of Bellerin. "Every plan considers that possibility (that they could stay) and how they can fit into the team." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 