Five years ago Emmanuel Macron shook up the French political scene when he ran to become President of France and won despite not having the support of a major party. In 2022 he will be hoping to wow supporters once more, while simultaneously contending with the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Politico’s radar has Mr Macron as the current favourite with 27 percent of the vote - correct as of Tuesday, April 5. His closest challenger is the far-right candidate Marine Le Pen - who is only five percentage points behind on 22 percent. From the start of March, Ms Len Pen has been able to make up considerable ground on the incumbent President, gaining four percent since March 10. READ MORE: Fury as almost 3,000 council fat cats rake in more than £100,000  Meanwhile, Mr Macron has witnessed his lead slip from 12 to five percent in the same period. Hot on their heels is Jean-Luc Mélenchon who is representing the leftist France Unbowed party, who has a score of 16 percent at present. In contrast, analysis by The Telegraph of polls from NSPPolls has revealed that Mr Macron has the same score of 27 percent while Ms Len Pen and Mr Mélenchon score at 21 percent and 15 percent respectively. Other candidates who are running in the election include the far-right TV pundit Eric Zemmour and Les Republicans nominee Valérie Pécresse.  At one stage Mr Zemmour looked as though he could challenge Ms Le Pen for the second-place spot, but her rise in recent weeks seems to have been at the expense of his chances. French presidential elections typically involve two rounds of voting, with votes of this scale rarely declared after the first round. If no candidate receives a majority of the votes, then a second-round run off, featuring the two leading candidates from the first round, will be staged two weeks later (Sunday, April 24). Based on current scores it seems highly probable that Mr Macron will meet Ms Len Pen in a rematch of their second-round run-off in 2017.  DON'T MISS: Brexit: Expert slaps down claims EU exit causing trade chaos [INSIGHT]Mariupol surrender video dismissed as Russian propaganda  [EXPLAINED]Iain Dale issues electric car charge warning after 'journey from hell' [NEWS] On that occasion, the incumbent President won with 66 percent of the vote to 34 percent. If Ms Le Pen does make it to the second round, she still faces an uphill battle, as polling suggests Mr Macron will take over half of the vote if they go head-to-head. Politico has forecast that in the event of a second-round vote between the pair, Mr Macron will win with 54 percent compared to Ms Le Pen’s 46 percent. Were Mr Mélenchon to stage somewhat of a shock and reach the second half of the election the margin by which Mr Macron is predicted to win grows to 60 percent.  France holds presidential elections once every five years and voting is always conducted on a Sunday.