Many furious drivers have taken to social media to criticise the new parking changes, which charge drivers based on the emissions output of their vehicle. The parking charges are split up into bands which categorise which vehicles will have to pay based on how environmentally friendly their car is. The maximum charge is £33.50 for those wanting to pay for up to nine hours, who have a non Euro 6 compliant diesel vehicle. For Band 5 - which is all non Euro 6 compliant diesel vehicles which produce more than 201g/km of CO2 - one hour of parking will cost drivers £5.50. In comparison, cars in Band 1 which release less than 100g/km of CO2 will only pay £1.50 for parking. All electric vehicles will benefit from this, as the price to stay for up to nine hours is £13.50, just £1 more expensive than it would be for a diesel car to park for three hours. READ MORE: Land Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist In total, diesel drivers are paying three times as much as those vehicles which are in the lowest bracket. The charges, which have been introduced in Beckenham Place Park car park, charges drivers based on their emissions. The car park is run by Lewisham Council, who have launched this new charging scheme as part of its Climate Emergency action plan, according to MyLondon. Council bosses expect to bring it around £300,000 extra a year from the changes to short-stay parking for cars and vans. DON'T MISSGarage owner fears 80% of his drivers hit by new red diesel law [SHOCKING]Drivers warned as holding up traffic could lead to massive £5,000 fine [WARNING]Electric car driver fined £100 after charging for just five minutes [TERRIBLE] Commenters on the CarTalkUK subreddit questioned the proposals, saying it would have a knock-on effect and may force some drivers off the road. One commenter, audigex, said: “The theory, as presumably envisioned by a well-meaning, lower-middle-class team leader of some description, is reasonable enough - do small things to encourage cleaner vehicles. “Save the world, one tiny change at a time. “In practice, all of these ‘it’s more expensive to use a more polluting vehicle’ schemes are effectively just a tax on the poor, who don’t have much choice on what they drive. “I have an EV, I’d benefit from lots of these kinds of schemes - but I dislike them and don’t agree with their results, albeit I respect that the intention was almost certainly good, they just didn’t think it through.” Another driver, using the handle Total_HD, commented: “Fair enough but I think all of these things are skewed and should be means tested. “Poorer people will have older, worse cars that cost more to run and so are punitively charged. “I appreciate how complicated this would be but people shouldn’t be taxed off the roads.” The car park is also now cashless, meaning drivers can pay through an app or through parking top-ups which can be purchased at local shops. A Penalty Charge Notice can be handed out if they do not have a valid cashless session or if it has expired. They can also be charged for parking in a disabled bay without a Blue Badge, parking outside of the bay markings or if they are parking in an electric vehicle charging bay without charging. This comes as a number of councils across the UK have started charging for parking permits in residential areas based on the emissions output of the vehicles. Express.co.uk have contacted Lewisham Council for a comment.