Suranne Jones has one of the most diverse backlogs as a British actress, from ITV's Coronation Street and detective series Scott and Bailey to BBC dramas Doctor Foster and Vigil. Her most challenging as of late though has been in the period drama Gentleman Jack where she plays real-life historical figure Anne Lister who is dubbed the first modern lesbian. Throughout the first series, Anne was doing whatever she could to win the heart of fellow landowner Ann Walker (played by Sophie Rundle). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Gentleman Jack.Anne Lister wasn't shy about her sexuality, having already had many lovers but after her heart was broken by ex-girlfriend Marianna Lawson (Lydia Leonard), she was eager to move on. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage While Jones portrays a lesbian in Gentleman Jack, in real life she is married to a man. Her husband is screenwriter and producer Laurence Akers who she first met back in 2013. They reportedly met at the wedding of fellow former Coronation Street star Sally Lindsay and musician Steve White before walking down the aisle themselves the following year. Akers' first full-length film was Gone in 2017 which starred his wife. Jones and Akers rarely ever talk about each other in public but she did briefly mention her husband on The Jonathan Ross Show in 2017. At the time, she was starring in BBC's Doctor Foster where Jones played a GP whose husband was having a long-term affair with another woman. Jones told Ross: “I certainly wouldn’t give my husband, sorry Laurence, the opportunity for us to move on. "Not [after] two years. He had a whole separate life going on in the show. “I think I’m clean cut, if you want to be with someone else, be with someone else.” DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes slams delays to clean energy ‘I’ll be dead’ [REACTION]Sophie Rundle husband: Is the Gentleman Jack star married? [CAST]Gentleman Jack writer details key link to real-life Anne Lister [EXPLAINER] The famous couple have one son together but they have decided not to reveal his name or release any pictures of him. She has previously shared a picture on Instagram of her husband and two dogs going for a walk with her son taking the picture. Jones wrote: “Miss my family when I’m working away. My loves. My support. photo taken by 5th member". So it appears Jones has a happy and close family unit to go home to when she isn't in front of the camera. Gentleman Jack is returning for its second season at the weekend with the show picking up where series one ended. Anne Lister and Ann Walker tied the knot in the series finale and are now looking forward to spending their lives together. For this to happen, Lister encourages Walker to move in with her at Shibden Hall. Gentleman Jack season 2 premieres on Sunday, April 10, at 9pm on BBC One.