Claire Grey, 39, models herself on being the perfect traditional housewife and believes it is her role in a relationship to ensure dinner is on the table for her partner when he finishes work. However, after a number of failed relationships, the former model believes her attitude may be too dated. Claire, from Swansea, south Wales, said: "I’m like a 1950s housewife – I believe the man should work and the woman should look after the home. "They should have dinner on the table for their man and make sure household chores are taken care of." But the psychotherapist expects to be treated "like a lady" and courted like a character from Downton Abbey or Bridgerton. Speaking to Sunday Mirror, she added: "A man must get out and knock on my door for a date. "He must open the car door for me – not just on a first date but always. He should always pay for the date. I actually cringe when I see women going up to a bar to pay. It is not the woman’s place and it is embarrassing. "He must not swear, or if he does, he must apologise. He must drive most of the time and always put petrol in my car – I shouldn’t have to get my own petrol. "I expect flowers and romantic gestures. I should be made to feel special. As the relationship progresses, if heading towards marriage and kids, he should know that I will not be working once kids come along."   The woman, who crowned Mrs Wales in the over 30s category last year, also expects her man to hold her hand when crossing the road. She said she recently dumped an ex professional footballer after two months for failing to do just that during a romantic trip to Paris. "He spent a fortune on me," she said. "But he forgot to hold my hand and I refused to sit next to him on the plane. I said 'That’s it'. He couldn’t believe it and told me I was harder work than a WAG. Claire, though, values chivarly over money. "I would rather a man take me to McDonald’s and pay for me than take me to a plush restaurant and expect us to split the bill," she continued. "But I want them to be mortified that I would buy them a drink."   Claire, who wears 1950s attire, often rules men out on dating apps for having kids while unmarried. She also has strict rules around intimacy and reprimands pals for one-night stands. She won’t have sex with a man in the first six months – and only when a "proposal is imminent". Claire goes on: "I never kiss on the first date. It would take at least five or six dates for me to consider it. I’m so anti-feminist. Women these days are easy and will sleep with men on the first date. "Then men start expecting that - it makes it hard for people like me. "My longest relationship was five years. I can’t believe I stayed for so long with no promise of marriage. My standards are much higher now. "That’s the relationship I want. I know my views are prehistoric and aren’t very popular but I am desperate to find love. “I just want a good, old fashioned man to settle down and grow old with."    