David Kipper, the actor's private physician, said he helped the star clean up the wound before taking him to hospital. The top of Depp's finger was later found by his chef on the kitchen floor, he said. Dr Kipper, a Beverly Hills medic who treats celebrities for addiction, described via video link the incident that took place while Depp, 58, was filming in Australia in 2015. The actor had hired him to treat him for opioid addiction in May 2014. The following year Dr Kipper found Depp bleeding profusely from a finger. The doctor said the star told hospital medics he cut it with a knife. It contradicted what Depp's attorneys told the jury that Heard, 35, threw a vodka bottle at him, severing part of his finger during a row. Dr Kipper said: "After I saw [Depp], I went in to instruct one of the people with him to look for the tip of the finger, hoping we could put it back." "It was found." He said a man called "chef" located it. "He said he found it in the kitchen area, where Depp and Heard had been fighting." Dr Kipper said he spoke to Heard but did not see any wounds on her. The actress has said Depp threw her against a ping-pong table and shoved her into a fridge. Dr Kipper said he never witnessed abuse between the couple in the six years he treated them. During yesterday's evidence at Fairfax County District Courthouse in Virginia, he was also asked about texts he exchanged with Depp. On March 7, 2015, Depp messaged: "She is as full of s*** as a Christmas Goose. I'm done. NO MORE!!!! Constant insults released from a malicious evil and vindictive ****!!!!! "You know what's far more hurtful than her venomous and degrading educational ranting??? Her hideously and purposely hurtful tirades and her goddamn shocking treatment of the man she was meant to love above all..." Diagnosis "She is so ****ing ambitious!!!!... That's probably why I was acquired, mate. She has hammered me with what a sad old man has been I am." Dr Kipper told the court his initial diagnosis for Depp in 2014 was: "ADHD, Bipolar 1, depression, insomnia, chronic substance abuse disorder, chronic reflux." The trial stems from a complaint Depp filed in 2019 in which he alleges Heard defamed him in a piece she wrote for The Washington Post. He has asked for £38.4million in damages. Heard has filed a counterclaim asking for £76.7million. The trial continues. 