Chris Ellison, 75, was diagnosed with aphasia - the same degenerative brain disorder that Bruce Willis has also been diagnosed with - after The Bill actor suffered a stroke in 2020. His wife Anita Ellison, 69, has opened up about her other half's health and said that he is "trapped in his body". Anita said that she feels she has lost her "charismatic" husband who has been unable to communicate through speech. Aphasia is a condition that can impact people's ability to communicate and understand language. Addressing the devastating impact on her partner's health, Anita opened up about how her spouse is coping. "It's awful, we've been so lonely. Chris is trapped in his body," she explained. READ MORE: Anton Du Beke shuts down Strictly judge replacement news "He can understand everything going on around him but can't speak, read or write." She added: "He has not uttered any sense in 18 months. Sometimes I feel as if I have lost my charismatic, very funny and caring husband." Chris played the volatile Burnside for 15 years on The Bill and proved so popular that he got a spin-off show in 2000. The programme saw him work for the National Crime Squad but it only ran for one season and aired six episodes.  Anita added to The Sun on Sunday: "It's frustrating for us both but when he looks into my eyes, I see he's still in there. I have cried buckets." Chris enjoyed an illustrious television career and later appeared on EastEnders. He starred on Celebrity Big Brother in 2015 alongside Janice Dickinson, Jenna Jameson and Daniel Baldwin. Chris suffered the stroke at his home in Brighton and was found by Anita on the bedroom floor. DON'T MISS... Andrea McLean says Denise Welch got her a gig amid Loose Women exit[LATEST]'He was upset' Gemma Atkinson says she 'resented' Gorka touring[ADMISSION]'I'm worn out' Jeremy Clarkson doubts farming future[COLUMN] His aphasia was known only to a few friends and family. Earlier this week, Die Hard actor revealed to the world that he too is living with aphasia as his family confirmed in a candid Instagram post. The actor's daughter Rumer Willis shared the news, in a statement that read: "To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family, we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities. "As a result of this and with much consideration, Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him." The statement went on: "This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support. "We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him. "As Bruce always says, 'Live it up' and together we plan to do just that." The message was signed off: "Love, Emma, Demi, Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel, & Evelyn." 