Paramount's Yellowstone season four ended at the beginning of the year, and many fans want to know when the contemporary Western will next be back on their screens. The last instalment of the show saw the Duttons left standing after fighting a painful war to keep their ranch in the family. Gil Birmingham has teased that viewers will have to wait quite sometime before they see the Duttons again.  Gil Birmingham has played Tribal Chairman Thomas Rainwater in Yellowstone since 2018 and revealed that season five is a slow burner in a recent interview. "We haven't even gotten the scripts yet," Gil said while promoting his new FX's true-crime miniseries Under the Banner of Heaven. Gil stars alongside Andrew Garfield in his new show, and the Spider-Man star might be happy to hear he has time to binge-watch the first four seasons of the show. Andrew revealed that he had "never seen Yellowstone." Read More: Ant McPartlin bandaged up by medics after suffering BGT injury The celebrity pair spoke to E! News about Under the Banner of Heaven, with the two joking about Gil's lack of knowledge on the next outing to Yellowstone. The interviewer asked: "Any updates on season five production, anything you can share?" Gil jested: "Ask Andrew." Without skipping a beat, Andrew added: "We are under strict embargo. Sorry, he is not allowed to comment, I am fielding all Yellowstone questions because I have never seen Yellowstone." Andrew continued their charade: "I know he's about to do the next season, but he's not allowed to speak. "On pain of death, he will not reveal anything about the new season." This news may give some fans flashbacks to the painful wait for season four to land. The first three seasons landed in June in the year of their release, with the fourth outing not airing until November in 2021. DON’T MISS…Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco in tears as she pays tribute to co-star 'Helped me so much' [LATEST]Naga Munchetty suffers mishap as she tells BBC Breakfast viewers Boris Johnson's in prison [LATEST]The Bay's Daniel Ryan's tribute to co-star ahead of new season 'Can survive cast change' [LATEST] Earlier this month, actor Forrie J Smith, who plays Lloyd in the show, shared that filming is soon to take place. At the beginning of April, he said: “We’re all going back for season five, mid-May, so keep your Yellowstone vibes rolling. Thank you.” The lack of information is driving some fans mad, with @Mightykaae tweeting: "I just really want to watch Yellowstone season five." Joe MacKrell added: "@Yellowstone Ok, so when’s the Season 5 premiere?" @jewhaler was upset and thought there was only one thing to do, and she said: "#Yellowstone I’m devastated that I’ve just finished Season four. Now just have to wait for Season five (or maybe start Season one again)." (sic) For those looking for a show to fill the Yellowstone void in their lives, they can catch Under the Banner of Heaven on Hulu. Under the Banner of Heaven is created by Academy Award-winner Dustin Lance Black and is based on a Jon Krakauer book entitled Under the Banner of Heaven: A Story of Violent Faith. Yellowstone is available on Paramount Plus in the USA and is available in the UK on Pluto TV.