Russian President Vladimir Putin’s decision to launch a full-scale invasion of Ukraine last February has significantly isolated Moscow from the rest of the international community. Most European nations have signed up to a vast array of sanctions aimed at crippling Russia’s economy, though these haven’t been universally agreed on. But there are two countries that could begin to lean towards Mr Putin. Earlier this month Hungary’s Prime Minister Viktor Orban retained his seat in office after a resounding victory during the country’s parliamentary election. Since becoming PM, Mr Orban has repeatedly clashed with European Union (EU) institutions, while also developing a close relationship with Mr Putin. Though Hungary, a member of both the EU and the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO), has condemned Russia’s invasion it’s stopped short of agreeing with all of the actions taken by the West. READ MORE: Putin loses the plot as Russian tyrant plans 'insane' terror attacks  In particular, Budapest has opposed a ban on Russian energy imports and declined to bilaterally provide Kyiv with weapons. Mr Orban’s victory means he is likely to pursue a similar stance as EU leaders debate whether to impose tougher sanctions on Moscow. During his time as PM, he has gradually altered the Hungarian electoral system in order to remain in power. Political analysts have commented that the changes represent a shift in Budapest turning from a democracy to an autocracy.  The 58-year-old, directly and indirectly, controls much of the media landscape, eliminating critical coverage of his Government. In 2018, the European Parliament decided to trigger the bloc’s Article 7 censure proceedings - a move undertaken if the EU’s core values are considered to be at risk - though it had little effect on the situation. And prior to the election taking place the European Commission was expected to activate a new mechanism to cut budget funds to Hungary over rule-of-law concerns. However, it held off, in part due to the election and is now likely to face calls to act once more.  DON'T MISS: Putin given ‘another bloody nose’ [ANALYSIS]Putin humiliated: 400,000 secret files leaked by hackers  [EXPLAINED]Japan tipped to join AUKUS as hypersonic missile deal to terrify Putin [NEWS] An outlier in Europe, Serbia is not a member of either the EU or NATO and the country’s President, Aleksandar Vucic, holds close relations with Mr Putin. Like Hungary, Serbia also held a general election at the start of April, but despite securing a landslide victory himself, Mr Vucic will have to form a coalition Government after his Serbian Progressive party (SNS) party fell short of a majority. Opposition parties and independent observers listed a series of irregularities and incidents associated with the vote, including violence - which the SNS denies any involvement with.  To date, the country has voted in favour of a United Nations (UN) resolution condemning the Russian invasion. However, it has chosen not to impose sanctions against Russia or close off its airspace to Russian flights. In the past couple of months, Serbia has also chosen to air pro-Russian commentators across its media outlets and repeated the unfounded claims from Mr Putin that Ukraine is a Nazi state. 