The origins of Special Agent G Callen (played by Chris O’Donnell) have been a mystery ever since CBS’s popular NCIS spin-off began back in 2009. Now, over a decade later, NCIS: Los Angeles fans could finally be given the full story, though Callen’s discoveries could lead to a strong caution from his new boss, Admiral Hollace Kilbride (Gerald McRaney). The latest preview of NCIS: LA has teased a huge conflict between Callen and Admiral Kilbride. Season 13’s 17th episode, Genesis, will feature yet another dangerous mission for the team to handle. Meanwhile, Callen has a mission of his own, and it could very well lead to the clues he’s looking for to find out where he truly came from. The new teaser trailer kicks off with the agent looking at what appear to be video clips from his time as a child. READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series In a room of children, a young boy who could be Callen stands up from a chair with a girl clutching a stick behind him. Fans then see Callen in the present day looking at the footage by using an old film projector while Kilbride issues a warning in voiceover. “He’s seeing connections that aren’t there,” Kilbride tells an unseen member of the team. “He’s fallen down a rabbit hole and it’s leading him deeper.” The promo then cuts to Callen walking through what appears to be someone’s garden, or possibly outside some sort of facility. His search could be cut short, however, as he’s spotted by a security camera, which may convince him to abandon his investigation. Alternatively, NCIS fans could finally be about to get a glimpse at the traumatic events in his childhood which led him to become one of the deadliest undercover agents in the country. The synopsis for Genesis reads: “The NCIS team helps Naval intelligence officer Akhil Ali (Ashwin Gore) locate a fellow officer who went missing while recruiting foreign assets as potential sources of intelligence. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul fans outraged over missing Gene scenes [REACTION]Life After Life boss worried he 'terrified' cast with restrictions [INSIGHT]Life After Life cast on sharing apartments with MAFS stars [INTERVIEW] “Also, Callen and psychologist Nate Getz (Peter Cambor) track down a man Callen believes was present for his training when he was young.” If Callen is correct, he could finally piece together his life before he was taken under the wing of the team’s former Operations Manager Hetty Lange (Linda Hunt). Having grown up in various foster homes, Callen was finally rescued from the streets by Hetty as a teenager when he attempted to steal a car. Although she has been the closest thing he has to a mother during his time with the NCIS, Hetty has been known to keep secrets about his life from him in order to protect him. Callen could now finally uncover the people who trained him as a child before he signed up to the CIA and FBI. He might even discover a connection to his elusive parents, whom he still doesn’t know the identities of. However, Kilbride clearly believes his investigation is a mistake, so there’s also a chance he’s about to fall into a trap. Could Callen be about to reunite with an old friend from his mysterious past? Or will his former teachers and fellow trainees not be who he’s expecting? NCIS Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.