Arsenal's defeat to Crystal Palace on Monday evening raised eyebrows as to whether they had lost momentum in the race for the Champions League behind bitter rivals Tottenham, especially given that Mikel Arteta's men played so badly. Several players failed to impress as the Gunners whimpered to a 3-0 loss in South London. And with fans understandably unhappy with the result, Express Sport takes a look at four players in particular who struggled at Selhurst Park on a miserable night for Arsenal. Nuno Tavares Where to start with Tavares? The Portuguese left-back was called into the side after it emerged Kieran Tierney was likely to be out for the rest of the season (LINK) after picking up an injury on international duty with Scotland. However, the £8million summer signing from Benfica was tormented by Palace in the first-half, being the main focus of their attacks with both goals coming from his side of the pitch. And after his dreadful first-half performance, the 22-year-old was hooked at half-time. Arsenal fans will be hoping Tierney's injury somehow heals before the end of the season. Martin Odegaard Odegaard has arguably been Arsenal's best player since the turn of the year, with the Norwegian becoming an integral part of Arteta's build-up play. Although he enjoyed his most fruitful spell in the festive period with three goals and three assists in six games, his recent performances have really caught the eye in Arsenal's strong run of late. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Fred vindicates Alves claim after rescuing Leicester draw  But he produced a shocker at Selhurst Park in which he gave a penalty away for Wilfried Zaha to make it 3-0 to the Eagles late on. It was arguably his worst performance in a Gunners shirt. And fans will be hoping he can pull himself together ahead of their home tie against Brighton next week. Alexandre Lacazette The performance from Lacazette in the trip to south London really made viewers understand why Arsenal went all out for Dusan Vlahovic in the winter. The Frenchman only has one goal from open play in the last five months for the Gunners, and it was clear to see why after yet another tepid performance against Patrick Vieira's men. A number of spurned chances and misplaced passes ensured it was a miserable night for Lacazette, who was nullified by Marc Guehi and Joachim Andersen. He also might've been stronger in the tackle before Palace's second goal. With his contract up in the summer - alongside Eddie Nketiah, who did more in the last half-hour than Lacazette did through the entire game - the club face a decision as to whether they wish to keep the former Lyon star. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford jobTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle winLiverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader' Thomas Partey Partey has largely impressed in the heart of Arsenal's midfield this season, being the calming presence they have needed for years gone by. But coming up against a midfield trio of Jeff Schlupp, Cheikhou Kouyate and Conor Gallagher was never going to be easy for the Ghanaian. Partey rarely had a foothold in the game, with Palace's stars not allowing him to be the catalyst for attacks. And that majorly hindered Arteta's side and led to a loss which leaves Tottenham fourth.