On Tuesday night, four new celebrities took part in Channel 4's The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up to Cancer. Death in Paradise star Ben Miller, Olympian Mo Farah, Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse and Liar actress Katherine Kelly had to battle it out in the kitchen in a bid to impress Paul Hollywood and Prue Leith. However, before the celebs had even begun to cook up a storm in the kitchen, viewers thought they heard something rather rude from Paul. As Matt Lucas pointed to Prue, Mo and himself, he said: "We've got a Dame, a Sir and a Queen." "So, what are you, Paul?" he asked before the judge hit back: "A master baker." Although, viewers seemed to think Paul said the word "masturbater" instead of "master baker". READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces Taking to social media to point out the slip-up, the official British Bake Off Twitter penned: "Thank god for subtitling in videos to avoid any inappropriate mishearings." "Oh my God I thought Paul said something else then," user @bngtnstrictly said. While Roz added: "Did I miss hear what Paul said there?" "Did Paul say master baker or masturbater...??" user @lightbebe2020 asked as Elliot joked: "A master baker." Melanie Jeffrey went on to tweet: "I’m sure it’s not the first time." (sic) The celebrity's first challenge was to make Paul and Prue the perfect meringue roulade. They also had to create Italian biscuits before depicting a childhood memory in the form of a Showstopper cake. The first challenge did not go well for poor Motsi as her roulade appeared to fall apart. DON'T MISS...'We call men boys!' Kriss Akabusi hits back at feminist policing [REACTION]Emmerdale star explains how sexuality affected acting career [INSIGHT]Vera star speaks on having exclusive access to key location [NEWS] However, Mo, Ben and Katherine seemed to do surprisingly well as they presented their dishes to the judges. Katherine and Mo's meringues went down a treat with Paul and Prue, although, when they came to the Strictly judge, Paul said: "I don't know what we can do to make this look good." Despite the presentation of the dish, Paul went on to compliment Motsi on the flavours of her mango roulade. However, Death in Paradise's Ben impressed Paul so much that he got one of his famous Hollywood Handshakes. The next challenge saw the contestants impress with their biscuits, and it was very hit and miss when it came to the taste test. However, the celebrity's seemed to step it up a gear when they had to make their Showstopper cakes. Ben made a Robin Hood-inspired sponge, Mo created a football pitch cake, Katherine a marzipan campervan, and Motsi prepared a dancefloor cake. Although, when it came to the elimination round, Paul and Prue decided to send home Motsi. The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up to Cancer airs on Tuesday at 8pm on Channel 4.