Thomas Markle, 77, has been estranged from the Duchess of Sussex, 40, since 2018, and did not walk his daughter down the aisle on her wedding to Prince Harry. Since then, he has publicly criticised Harry and Meghan. GB News’ Dan Wootton announced on his programme how Mr Markle will fly to London to celebrate Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee in June. Mr Wootton said Mr Markle will travel with the broadcaster and hopes the “grand gesture” will allow him to “reunite” with Meghan. Mr Markle also hopes to meet his “son-in-law, his grandchildren Archie and Liliibet and royal relatives for the first time”. In an interview, he said he is looking forward to “paying his respects” to the Royal Family. He said: “I’m going to show my respects for the Queen, and I’m going to let them know and make sure the Queen understands my entire family respects the Queen and the Royals. “We admire them, and we want them to know that that’s how we feel about them and that’s how we feel about England.” Mr Markle added he would like to meet Charles and thank him “for walking my daughter down the aisle”.  Earlier in April, Thomas said in an interview “everyone would hate” Harry and Meghan if it wasn't for their PR team. Speaking to celebrity photographer Karl Larsen on their YouTube channel ‘Remarkable Friendship’, Thomas criticised Harry for his legal action against the Home Office over police protection. Mr Markle said: “He should be ashamed of himself, and ashamed to ever go back to England. But, I'm prejudiced against him, so." Mr Larsen responded: "I don't know, I think other people feel the same way.” Mr Markle then added: “Well, if they didn't have this multimillion-dollar public relations team, everyone would hate them. Now, only 90 percent of the population hates them.” During the interview, Mr Wotton asked Mr Markle about Harry's recent remarks on TV. Speaking to NBC in the Netherlands during the Invictus Games, Harry said of meeting the Queen: “Being with her, it was great. It was great, it was really nice to see her in some element of privacy, which was nice. "It was just so nice to see her … She’s on great form. She's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure she's protected and got the right people around her. "We have a really special relationship, we talk about things that she can't talk about with anybody else."