David Tennant played the 10th Doctor under Russell T Davies's tenure and has been the bookmakers' favourite to take over from Jodie Whittaker. Having an actor who has already played the part has never been done before, but with the upcoming anniversary, BBC bosses are set to make the new series bigger than ever. During the recent German Comic-Con event in Dortmund, David gave a cryptic response to the possibility of his return to the sci-fi series. When the Comic-Con presenter put to David that he had "heard something" that a "little birdy" told him, he raised the possibility of his return. David quipped: "Was that little birdy the internet? The thing about this is, I’ve been asked a version of this question for the last 20 years. "I’ve learned, through bitter experience, that there’s no point even answering it. Because whatever I say is spun by whoever wants to hear it. “There’s no point in me denying it, there’s no point in me confirming it, whatever I say will become whatever the internet wants it to be.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle discovers he's not Faith's son He also added: “It would be quite a weird idea. It’s not something that you would necessarily expect from Doctor Who. I’m not going to try giving any more than that – what’s the point?!" Jodie became the first woman to play the Time Lord in the show's history and will exit after an epic battle against her long term enemies, The Master, The Daleks and The Cybermen. According to bookmaker Coral, David has soared to the top of the list for favourites to replace Jodie. A spokesperson for the bookies, John Hill, explained: "David Tennant has not ruled himself out of returning as the next Doctor Who and that has sparked strong support for the actor in our betting on Jodie Whittaker's replacement. "Tennant and Lydia West are the two names which punters keep turning to, and it is the former who tops the betting now for a return," added Hill. David's odds are at 5/2, with Lydia West hot on his tail with odds at 5/1 to become the second female Time Lord. Other actors who have been named to take over the role are Omari Douglas (6/1), Fisayo Akinade (8/1), Rakhee Thakrar (10/1), Danny Dyer (16/1), and Michael Sheen (16/1). While the concept of David returning to the role may be a first for the series and bosses hoping to go big for the anniversary, many fans dislike the idea of his return. DON'T MISS...Jodie Whittaker's replacement 'odds-on' to be previous Doctor Who star [INSIGHT]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker 'likely to be replaced' by David Tennant [LATEST]Doctor Who bosses confirm return date of series and new special  [WATCH] An exclusive poll from RadioTime saw 7,706 Twitter users vote on how they would feel to see David back in the role again. 62 per cent of voters said they thought it was "time for a new doctor" and were looking forward to seeing someone new in the role. 37 per cent of voters were happy to see David return and exclaimed: "Bring back David Tennant!" Bobbie Anderson commented: "Love David, and I’d be more than happy to see him back in the role as many times as possible that fits the story, more than happy for cameos or a special, but I think it would be best to stick to someone else for a full series." Gary Phillips added: "I'd say bring back Tennant (while he's still young and fit) to solidify in canon that the Doctor can now revisit 'old favourites' when regenerating - Bringing us one step closer to a 'new' fourth Doctor." Joshua Smith exclaimed: "I'm fine with David Tennant coming back as long as there's a good story reason and it's worked into the narrative arc. Which I'm sure would be the case with Davies writing." With @AndrewOnSeeAIR claiming: "While I'm excited for the Fourteenth Doctor, David Tennant should return if he's really up to reprising as Ten!" (sic) Fans won't have to wait long to find out what Russel T Davies has in store, with Jodie's regeneration only months away. Doctor Who returns to BBC One this autumn for its Centenary episode, with previous episodes available to stream on BBC iPlayer.