Eamonn Holmes, who quit This Morning for GB News last year, has urged viewers to support his with Ruth Langsford, 62, in a candid video. The morning presenter, also 62, has branded his wife and former co-star an "unsung hero" at ITV. Taking to Twitter yesterday, Eamonn shared a candid video, in view of his one million followers. He began: "Here you go, this is a trick question. It's not got a catch to it, but it's just about The Television and Radio Industries Club Awards (TRIC), which are coming soon. "And there are nominations." Eamonn went on: "There are nominations for GB News. My breakfast show which I present with Isabel Webster and we would love your vote. "We're down as individual newsreaders but also to get the programme some recognition, [the category] is 'Best Multi-Channel News Programme' - Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel. READ MORE: Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!' "We would love it if you voted for us." The TV star then offered some kind words for his other half and fellow presenter Ruth who has also been nominated for an award. "Also, another thing," Eamonn explained. "I would like to mention someone that is a big unsung hero in television." He continued: "She's not good at blowing her own horn so I'm going to do it for her.  "That is my wife Ruth [Langsford]. She's down as a TV personality." Eamonn concluded: "She wouldn't consider herself one, but I hope you do. And cast your vote at tric.org.uk. Much appreciated." The GB News host captioned the clip: "A word about me and the two women in my life…. "Cast your votes here: http://tric.org.uk." DON'T MISS... Louise Minchin hints at TV return months after BBC exit[LATEST]Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!'[TV]Helen Skelton announces heartbreaking split from husband Richie Myler[MARRIAGE] He was swiftly inundated with messages of support as social media users reacted to his video. Twitter user, Marek commented: "I will say Loose Women is a great programme (I'm a bloke btw) - some of the guests and individual panellists' reactions are incredible - ie. Nicola Sturgeon the other day!" Margeret Corbett wrote: "I've voted for your show, you, and the lovely Ruthie. Good luck." Val Whitehead tweeted: "All very worthy. You have my votes! Good luck!" Martina added: "Of course I voted for you. Best of luck." The TRIC Awards celebrate talent from across TV, radio and online as the industry recognises their achievements. The ceremony will be held on July 6 and viewers are urged to cast their votes now. Ruth has been a longstanding member of the ITV team and has continued her role on This Morning. She had previously been hosting the daytime programme alongside her husband for 15 years before he left the network in 2021. The mum-of-one continues to also present ITV's Loose Women.