Former Strictly Come Dancing professional Oti Mabuse joined This Morning hosts Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary on Wednesday to discuss the European premiere of The Cher Show. Joining forces with Arlene Phillips, the show tells the story of the singer's rise to fame. However, after Oti told the hosts a little about the musical, some of the singers joined them in the studio for a live performance, leaving viewers threatening to switch off. As Oti finished her interview with Dermot and Alison, three of the stage stars began to sing and gave viewers a taste of what they could expect at the live show. However, within seconds of the first performer singing, many took to Twitter to express how "dreadful" they thought their singing was. User @I_am_KenBarlow commented: "#ThisMorning If it's called "The Cher Show", why was that woman doing a dreadful Tina Turner impression?" @Miss_Vix88 added: "Like being in the pub on karaoke night #ThisMorning." READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show Chris Stroud stated: "When you go on #thismorning to promote your new Cher show, and it is a complete disaster!" User @shirlsn19 said: "Man alive, my ears are bleeding after listening to thatcher karaoke, very nearly turned my TV over! #ThisMorning." However, not all viewers of the show were disappointed with the singers, with @Chrismegrath praising: "Love it, Cher medley every morning from now on pls #ThisMorning!" Rosie Mayneth applauded: "Nothing like a bit of midday Cher to give you a kick of motivation!" (sic). Speaking about the show, Dermot asked the former Strictly Come dancing pro: "The Cher Show, how did it come about these opportunities, you have choreographed it, and Arlene is part of it as well." Oti explained: "Yeah, so Arlene is the director, and she is amazing, and then we have the three lovely Chers who are standing there, they are absolutely incredible. "It is so amazing to be a part of this production, firstly to be in the same room as Arlene because she is a genius at what she does and to see how she works. "And then to see all the costumes and how amazing the girls look and then to be in a room with all these talented, leading West End superstars!" DON'T MISS...Dianne Buswell 'inspired' by Oti Mabuse's career ventures off Strictly [INSIGHT]Oti Mabuse addresses 'hardest' part of Dancing on Ice judging stint [LATEST]Oti Mabuse admits husband Marius had doubts over her Strictly decision [WATCH] The musical follows the news that a big-screen biopic about Cher is also being made after she announced it on Twitter. She said the untitled film will be written by her "dear friend" Oscar-winner Eric Roth, whose previous movies include Forrest Gump, 2018's A Star is Born, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Insider. The show will document Cher's relationships with her mother, singer Sonny Bono, and fashion designer and costumier Bob Mackie, as well as her hugely successful music career. Cher has racked up four UK number one singles, with the huge hit Believe topping the UK charts for seven weeks in 1998. Speaking to the BBC about the stage musical, Arlene said: "I am just over the moon that I am actually going to work on a show about someone who I've idolised since the mid-60s with I Got You, Babe. "I remember on a black and white TV seeing Sonny and Cher, and I think it was the sound of her voice. It's a sound that raises the hairs on your arms and tingles your spine." Oti commented: "I just remember us playing songs, like Strong Enough, and feeling so empowered as little girls, and being in wonder of her outfits and her looks and the confidence that she had. "I'm going to try and make it as Cher as possible," she added, saying she was going to create "big" numbers. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.