Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag appear to be the two frontrunners to become Manchester United's next manager, and either option will reportedly cost around the same. United held off from looking for a permanent manager after sacking Ole Gunnar Solskjaer back in November. Instead, the Red Devils opted to bring in Ralf Rangnick on an interim basis before the German football chief moves into an advisory role. United wanted to take their time on finding their next permanent manager, but no decision has been made with just a few weeks until the end of the season. Players will likely want to see who comes in before making a decision on their own future. Pochettino has long been linked with the Old Trafford hotseat, but Ten Hag has seemingly emerged as the top candidate of late. Both managers face uncertain futures at their respective clubs with Ten Hag recently admitting that he will sit down with Ajax at the end of the season. Pochettino's contract with Paris Saint-Germain only runs until 2023, but there have been reports in France suggesting he is coming under pressure following the club's Champions League exit. JUST IN: Man Utd icon Rooney trolls Neville over 'highlight' of his career  The Frenchman is thought to be on a much higher salary than Ten Hag, indicating United would need to pay a huge fee to steal him away from PSG. But The Athletic report that the 'compensation package' needed to hire either Ten Hag or Pochettino is on a 'similar level'. PSG were previously reluctant to let Pochettino leave after Solskjaer was sacked last year. However, the report claims PSG's stance has now 'softened' and a deal could be agreed this summer. Ten Hag has also left the door wide open for a switch to Old Trafford, admitting talks have already taken place. DON'T MISS  “My focus is currently only on Ajax. But in football you never know,” he told Sport1. “I don't want to rule anything out. If at some point I should decide to take the next step, I hope that people here will understand. “Everyone knows each other in the industry. There are always talks with representatives from other clubs, that's normal. “Manchester United is a great club with great fans. But I can only repeat myself: My full focus is completely on Ajax! We are already planning for the new season.”