Liverpool have finalised a deal with Fulham to sign highly-rated teenager Fabio Carvalho on a long-term deal at the end of the season, according to reports. The Reds attempted to bring the 19-year-old to Anfield during the closing stages of the January transfer window but were denied at the eleventh hour after failing to submit the relevant paperwork before the all-important deadline. Carvalho has already completed a medical at Liverpool with the permission of his current employers and will sign a five-year contract upon his arrival in time for next season, according to Fabrizio Romano. It is claimed that Liverpool will pay an initial fee of £5million to land the Portuguese starlet, while another £2.7m in performance-related add-ons could inflate the final sum over the coming years. A sell-on clause has also been included in the deal, although there are said to be no plans to loan him back to Fulham for another season at Craven Cottage. It remains to be seen whether Carvalho will be able to force his way into the first-team setup at Anfield and follow in the footsteps of Joe Gomez and Harvey Elliott by making the step up from the Championship to the Premier League with ease. Carvalho has chipped in with eight goals and seven assists for Fulham in all competitions since the beginning of the campaign and made his debut for Portugal's under-21 side earlier this year. He is widely regarded as one of the best young players in the EFL and looks set for a bright future at the highest level of the game if he continues to develop on an upward trajectory at Liverpool. JUST IN: Tottenham keen on Eriksen reunion as Brentford ‘prepare new offer' The Reds have been working hard to snap up Carvalho's signature over the last few months and will finally be able to welcome him to Merseyside when the deal goes through at the end of the season. Jurgen Klopp was adamant that he would go back in for the Fulham youngster despite missing out on the opportunity to sign him in January when quizzed on the matter shortly after the mid-season deadline. "We will see," Klopp told reporters at a press conference back in February. "We are still interested, it would be crazy if [we were] not. In the moment it’s not in our hands. "Marco [Silva] said it all in his press conference yesterday, with these kind of deals, it was late before the transfer window closed again and so in the end it didn’t work out. We will see what happens." Carvalho will now be tasked with ending the season on a high at Fulham before switching his focus to life in the Premier League with Liverpool, who are still in with a chance of beating Manchester City to this year's domestic crown. Sylvester Jasper, who plays alongside Carvalho at Fulham, recently insisted that the winger can achieve his dream of playing at the highest level if he makes the most of his formidable ability and frightening potential over the coming years. "We grew up together at Fulham and came through the ranks together," Jasper told The Scotsman earlier this year. "We want the same from football, we want to play at the top of the game, whether that’s the top five leagues or wherever. "We want to play at the pinnacle of football. He almost had the opportunity to do that. Unfortunately, it didn’t go through but I’m sure we’ll both get there at the end of the day."