Cleaning your walls may not be at the top of your spring cleaning list but when was the last time you actually washed them? While a vigorous scrub with soapy water could cause more harm than good, there are plenty of more gentle ways to give your walls a deep clean - without ruining the paint. Getting rid of marks, stains and even unpleasant odours in your walls is easily done with just a few simple tools, and this is how to use them. Kitchen walls are particularly prone to trapping grease and grime, so it is important to do a more thorough wash to tackle stubborn dirt. Fill a clean bucket with warm water and add one cap of gentle liquid laundry detergent. Using a clean sponge, soak up the liquid and squeeze it out before wiping the sponge over the walls. Take fresh water and rinse the solution away around 10 minutes after applying the detergent and leave it to dry. You should take care to wring the sponge out thoroughly before washing the walls to avoid water stains and drip marks. To speed up the drying process, take a clean, dry microfibre cloth, and gently glide it over the wall to soak up excess water. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants   Dust can settle on any surface around the home and your walls are no exception. While you may not notice it, your walls are likely to harbour a layer of dust which can trigger allergies and leave the air feeling cloudy. It is very easy to dust your walls, but this simple task shouldn’t be underestimated, so be sure to incorporate it into your regular cleaning routine for an even fresher home. Use a clean lint-free cloth and dampen it with a little water before wiping over your walls. For hard-to-reach areas, use a clean, damp mop to dust away settled particles.  Pen stains, scuff marks and even organic spills can leave your walls looking worse for wear. Baking soda is yet another natural ingredient which can improve the appearance of neglected walls. Just mix the powder into a loose paste. In a small bowl, mix one cup of baking soda with enough water to create a runny yet thick liquid. Apply the paste using a clean cloth and lightly scrub away the stain. You should test this on an inconspicuous area before using it across a wide surface in case the baking soda changes the colour of the paint. DON'T MISS:How to clean your microwave using just vinegar [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans use dishwasher tablets to oust mould from washer seals [REVEAL]Use a white vinegar spray after every single shower [ANALYSIS] If you’re dealing with stains or stubborn marks on the wall, white vinegar is a gentle yet effective solution to lift deep-rooted grime. Simply mix a cup of white vinegar into one full bucket of warm water, and apply the solution with a sponge. Spot treat the stains by gently buffing the area with the sponge before leaving it to dry. Make-up remover wipes or even baby wipes are great for removing tough residue on your walls. Wrap the wipe around your index finger and rub away the stain until it is goneChoose biodegradable ones to do your bit for the environment and dispose of them in the rubbish rather than flushing them down the toilet. Glossy paint is more durable than formulas with matte finish, especially when it comes to cleaning. If your matte walls are looking worse for wear, use the soft brush attachment on your vacuum to remove dust and surface grime. A latex finish can be easily cleaned with an all purpose household cleaner. Simply spritz the liquid onto your walls and wipe it away with a clean cloth. Spray from a distance so as not to oversaturate the surface.