Incoming Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is reportedly weighing up offers for three backroom staff members to join him at Old Trafford. The Ajax manager has supposedly agreed to join the Red Devils at the end of the season which gives him plenty of time to formulate a plan of action. Ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino were long seen as the two front-runners to take the job when interim boss Ralf Rangnick steps aside in the summer. The latest reports indicate that United have made a decision, and Ten Hag is good to go. The Dutchman has been with Ajax since 2017 where he has shown an ability to cope with change in the midst of a long-term project. His identifiable play style is thought to have played a part in his impending appointment with the Red Devils criticised for lacking direction in recent years. News broke on Tuesday that Ten Hag had verbally agreed to join at the end of the season on an initial three-year deal, and he has supposedly given thought to three members of his backroom team already. JUST IN: Villarreal ace Capoue rubs salt in Bayern boss Nagelsmann's wounds for 'lack of respect' The Times claim that Ajax assistant Mitchell van der Gaag, former England boss Steve McClaren and ex-United frontman Robin van Persie are all being eyed up with a view to forming an effective coaching team at Old Trafford. Van der Gaag enjoyed a brief foray into Scottish football with Motherwell as a player and has since gone on to manage in Portugal and the Netherlands, serving as Ajax's reserve team boss between 2019 and 2021. Ten Hag's relationship with McClaren began in 2008/09 when the former served as the latter's assistant at FC Twente.  Van Persie played for the Red Devils between 2012 and 2015, and while some reports indicate that he turned down Ten Hag's offer of a backroom role at his old stomping ground, it seems as though he has not given up hope. The ex-Arsenal marksman is currently an assistant manager with Feyenoord where his son plays in the youth academy, however, so he may take some convincing. With Ajax still fighting for a fourth successive Eredivisie league title under Ten Hag, it is thought that an official announcement regarding his Man Utd future will be left as late as possible. The 52-year-old still dropped plenty of hints in a recent interview to signal to United fans that he is on his way. "Manchester United is a great club with great fans. But I can only repeat myself: My full focus is completely on Ajax. We are already planning for the new season," he told Sport1, "But in football you never know. "I don't want to rule anything out. If at some point I should decide to take the next step, I hope that people here will understand."