Reports in recent years suggest Brits believe not enough is being done to tackle crime – crimes which make people fearful living in their communities, of leaving their homes in the evenings, or of gangs who appear unchecked. A poll conducted at the end of 2021 suggested well over half (59 percent) of voters believe Boris Johnson’s Government has done a “bad job” of dealing with crime since he was made Prime Minister in 2019. Despite this, forces have still found time to monitor and log tens of thousands of “non-crime hate incidents”. Around 120,000 were recorded between 2014, when guidance was introduced, and 2019, according to the Telegraph. These are logged on a system and could prevent people from getting a job. The London Mayor in 2020 highlighted: “Hate crime incidents are recorded on police systems even when they don’t meet the threshold to be categorised as criminal offences.” Former police officer Harry Miller was recorded to have carried out a “non-crime hate incident” in 2019 after sharing what was considered a controversial view on Twitter. He claimed the police told him they wanted to “check his thinking”, though he later won a case in the Court of Appeal, with backing from the Free Speech Union, which ruled the recording of “non-crime hate incidents” is an unlawful interference in freedom of speech. It added this breached Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights, which relates to free speech. Writer Charlie Peters said the recording of these incidents represented a shift into an “Orwellian” world. READ MORE: Former MEP pinpoints key issue stopping 'Brexit red tape bonfire' He wrote in Spiked: “The evil of the term is two-fold. Firstly, the word ‘hate’ reminds us that the state reserves the right to legally classify certain emotions as criminal. So-called hate crimes carry longer sentences, based on the identity of the victim and the prejudices of the perpetrator. “Secondly, the ‘non-crime’ aspect shows that the police find the already overarching powers afforded by hate-crime laws to be inadequate. So much so that they have in recent years begun recording complaints about perceived ‘hate’, even when a crime has not been committed and there is no evidence to support the claim.” Mr Peters added being put on record for conducting such a “non-crime” can not only make it harder for someone to get a job, but can have even worse consequences. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] He said: “Speech policing has grown ever more extensive under successive British governments. “There are now myriad laws – such as the Communications Act 2003 and the Public Order Act 1986 – that can lead Britons to the cells if they say something offensive.” Following the Court of Appeal’s ruling on Mr Miller’s case, the Free Speech Union noted: “We can all rest a little easier in our beds tonight, knowing the police are not about to knock on our doors because we’ve made an inappropriate joke on Twitter.” Campaigners are working to ensure fewer such “hate incidents” are reported in the first place. A difficulty is presented here by the fact recording these was not an idea introduced through law in the first place. It was, instead, advised by the College of Policing, without a debate in Parliament. Repealing it will, therefore, require more than the scrapping of an Act or two.