Emma Raducanu has been told she needs to become “more robust” by former British No 1 Anne Keothavong. The 19-year-old struggled with a foot blister during her Billie Jean King Cup defeat by Marketa Vondrousova.    Raducanu succumbed to a disappointing 6-1 6-1 defeat by the Czech, having previously overcome Tereza Martincova in her tournament debut. The US Open champion took a medical timeout at the end of the first set and looked uncomfortable throughout the second. Coronavirus hindered the start of Raducanu’s season. She then struggled with a hand blister at the Australian Open, a thigh issue in Mexico and suffered from a stiff back in Indian Wells. Keothavong, Great Britain’s Billie Jean Cup captain, has urged Raducanu to become “more robust” to overcome the injury problems that have caused her to struggle since her US Open triumph last September. JUST IN: Raducanu injury leaves Britain with tough BJK Cup call after Dart win The 38-year-old said: “Before the match we were aware she had a blister but it got progressively worse for her during the match. There was no indication of anything that said to us that she couldn’t play or that she wasn’t ready to go out there and give it her absolute best. “It does take time for a player to get used to life on the tour and become more robust, and she certainly needs to become more robust. I don’t think that’s any secret and she’s working on it. The more she puts herself out there, the more she continues to test herself against the very best, she’ll figure out a way that works for her.” Meanwhile, Raducanu has said she will evaluate her options to ensure her blisters do not become an ongoing problem. The Bromley-based starlet faces a battle to be fit for next week’s Stuttgart Open. DON'T MISS...Nadal 'can't play properly for a long time' as Becker explains injuryMedvedev's Wimbledon ban threat slammed by Djokovic's ex-coachDjokovic 'isn't a machine' and has five things to 'recover from' “It kind of showed up after yesterday’s match. We’ve been managing it but as you saw I couldn’t really move or load either way and now it’s just about trying to get it better as soon as possible,” Raducanu said. “It was compromising every shot I had to play. It’s very disappointing when you’re out there playing a rubber [game] for your country and you feel completely redundant. I’ve had a few blisters on my feet before. I’m going to need to go and evaluate all my options. This has happened quite a few times now and we need to nip it in the bud. “Of course it’s frustrating but in some sort of twisted way it gives me a sense of confidence and relief that I don’t think it’s my tennis that’s the issue. As soon as I sort all of these out and keep building on my tennis level then I think I’ll be able to put out good matches back to back.”   