In a message posted on the Official Find Madeleine Campaign Facebook page on Friday, Kate and Gerry McCann wrote: "Even though the possibility may be slim, we have not given up hope that Madeleine is still alive and we will be reunited with her". It comes a day after Christian B was declared an official suspect by Portuguese authorities.   Prosecutors in the Algarve city of Faro released a statement saying that a person was made an "arguido", which translates as "named suspect" or "formal suspect". Kate and Gerry McCann also wrote: "We welcome the news that the Portuguese authorities have declared a German man an 'arguido' in relation to the disappearance of our beloved daughter Madeleine. "This reflects progress in the investigation, being conducted by the Portuguese, German and British authorities. "We are kept informed of developments by the Metropolitan police.   "It is important to note the 'arguido' has not yet been charged with any specific crime related to Madeleine's disappearance." B was identified as a murder suspect by German prosecutors in June 2020, but he has not been charged since then. The move by Portuguese authorities could allow B, who is in prison in Germany, to be transferred to the Algarve for formal questioning. The German newspaper Bild reported that his lawyer, Friedrich Fuelscher, said the Portuguese decision appeared to be a "procedural trick".   READ MORE ABOUT A MAN CRUSHED TO DEATH IN A GARDEN  Reports have suggested the move could be linked to the country's statute of limitations, which does not generally allow crimes which carry a maximum prison sentence to be prosecuted more than 15 years after they were committed. This would mean Christian B could no longer be charged in Portugal after May 3. Christian B, who is referred to as such in Germany due to the country's strict privacy laws, was found guilty in 2019 of the 2005 rape of a 72-year-old US woman in Praia da Luz. He was sentenced to seven years in jail, at a court in Brunswick, Lower Saxony.   DON'T MISS: Xi delivers devastating blow to Putin as China pulls plug on deal [REVEALED] Russian soldiers 'abandoned' to themselves in Ukraine [REPORT] Ukraine LIVE: Tanks to Poland! Boris sends chilling warning to Putin [LATEST] A federal court in Karlsruhe, a city in south-west Germany, rejected an appeal against the conviction in November 2020. In Portuguese law, an arguido status can be a preliminary move ahead of an arrest being made or charges brought. London's Metropolitan Police continue to treat Madeleine's disappearance as a missing persons inquiry.  Madeleine disappeared from her bedroom on May 3, 2007, during a family holiday in the Algarve resort of Praia da Luz while her parents were dining with friends nearby.  The family's holiday apartment was broken into while Madeleine and her twin baby siblings were asleep. Local police concluded at the time that it was a kidnapping. The family voiced concern at what they called a slow initial police response and a failure to secure the crime scene. The McCanns turned to the media to help find their daughter and the case drew global attention with soccer stars David Beckham and Cristiano Ronaldo joining appeals for information. Media attention on the case led to reported sightings of Madeleine across the globe. However, the early investigation by Portuguese police resulted in no major leads. In 2011, then British Prime Minister David Cameron ordered a review by London police after being contacted by the McCanns.    The next year, detectives said they had identified 195 "investigative opportunities" and in 2013, the British police began their own investigation - Operation Grange - saying they had identified 38 potential suspects. Later that year, they released an e-fit image of a number of men. Soon after, Portuguese prosecutors ordered the case to be reopened by local police. The new inquiry led Portuguese police to interview four suspects, but they were later cleared of any involvement. A search by British detectives of wasteland near Praia da Luz also failed to provide a breakthrough. UK detectives later suggested Madeleine might have been one of the victims of a series of sexual assaults on British children in Portugal between 2004 and 2010.    But in 2017, marking a decade since she disappeared, detectives said they might never solve the case despite still following critical lines of inquiry. In June 2020, British and German police said they had identified a new suspect, Christian B.