On Wednesday, Chloe Madeley, 34, shared a post on her Instagram story in view of her 249,000 followers. The snap showed her husband of three years, former rugby player James Haskell, 36, eating seafood accompanied by a list of things she had heard him say that day. Chloe called her husband “grumpy” in the social media post. The fitness expert and TV personality said: “Things grumpy James has said today: After waving to a little kid: ‘Don’t blank me, you little s**t.’ “‘There’s more meat on my piece than this little langoustine w****r.’ “‘When we have our kid and she gets annoying, I’m going to tell her it’s time to b****r off and go make some friends.’” READ MORE: Jada Pinkett Smith filmed ‘laughing’ as Will Smith slapped Chris Rock  Chloe and James have been sharing their holiday snaps on the social media platform. The 34-year-old posted a selfie of her and James on Monday with the caption: “Day 1 in paradise”. Chloe is the daughter of daytime TV presenters, Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan. Her growing baby bump could be seen in the photo. The couple are expecting a baby girl in the summer. While on holiday, James took a photo of Chloe swimming underwater and made a cheeky remark about his pregnant wife. The image showed her posing in the ocean and she could be seen making a peace sign. The 36-year-old was called out for calling his wife a “huge sea cow” while she was snapped in her swimsuit. DON'T MISS:Richard Williams ‘doesn’t condone’ Will Smith Oscars slap [LATEST]Jamie Lee Curtis weighs in on Will Smith's infamous Oscars slap [UPDATE] Mark Labbett announces new show after he's axed from The Chase US [NEWS]  He captioned the photo, joking: “B****y hell, you go snorkelling and the first thing you see is a huge sea cow doing a mating display! “She appears to think I’m her partner. “I didn’t know whether to harpoon it or feed it.” James added laughing emojis to the Instagram caption, but his comments received a backlash from his followers who felt his comments were insensitive. Others thought it was very funny. James also added a red heart emoji to the post to show his love for his other half. Chloe hasn’t yet replied to the comment on social media. The couple married in December 2018. They met in 2014 and dated for four years before marrying.