Aldi is on a mission to save shoppers hundreds of pounds on their food shop. But customers are not only buying their weekly groceries from the supermarket, thousands are turning to Aldi for its “award-winning” skincare range, Lacura. One product that has impressed Aldi fans, in particular, is the Lacura Caviar Illumination Day Cream, and many have said it is a dupe of an extortionately-priced luxury brand’s face cream. The Lacura Caviar Illumination Day Cream has received over 438 reviews online, nearly earning itself a solid five-star rating. The product is a face and night cream, that is “light in texture and full of luxurious ingredients”. It also has “added SPF, it is a must for any skin-conscious beauty lover”. Susan from London recently left a review on Aldi.co.uk and it read: “One of the best I have tried, really thick but absorbs well and feels gorgeous. “I have paid ££££ for face creams but for the price this is unbelievable.” Another Aldi shopper rated the product five starts and wrote: “This product is amazing. READ MORE: New Body Shop discount code launches with 10% off all products “As a 41 year old I am no spring chicken but noticed a marked improvement in my skin on my face after using it for a couple of days. “I also rubbed the excess residue into my hands and all the broken skin from the gold weather healed up quickly. Aldi please make this a permanent range.” Sharon commented: “I have recommended this to all my friends. We use it in conjunction with the night cream which now seems to be unavailable. Please bring it back. “Amazing cream. On par with La Prarie.” DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle doesn't want to ‘divert too much attention’ with outfits [EXPERT]The Queen's 'iconic' Cullinan brooch is her priciest at £50million [COMMENT]Kate Middleton rewears £1400 worth of clothes for today's appearance [PICTURES] Naheed Naseem wrote on the Aldi Shoppers Facebook group: “Lacura Caviar. Anti-age night cream. Similar to La Prairie cream which costs over £292. Similar ingredients in both.” La Prairie’s Skin Caviar Luxe Cream is £439 for a 50ml tub. Whereas Aldi’s Lacura Caviar Illumination Day Cream is just £6.99 for the equivalent size. Following the success of the current Lacura Caviar products, Aldi has extended the range and launched a brand-new Caviar Collagen Pro range. Boasting premium skincare ingredients including Caviar Extract, Collagen, Hyaluronic Acid, Earth Marine Water and Algae Complex, the products unique formulation has been specifically designed for the beauty brand and helps to reduce signs of ageing whilst plumping and protecting the skin. The products are said to “leave complexions hydrated and glowing”. Making its debut in 2022, the Lacura Caviar Collagen Pro Day Cream with SPF 15 (£7.99, 50ml) helps to reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, as well as prevent the development of pigmentation marks. Promising to tighten and firm, this beauty must-have will leave complexions radiant and glowing. What’s more, the formulation has added SPF 15 to help protect against premature ageing. Aldi suggests pairing the day cream with the Lacura Collagen Pro Night Cream (£7.99, 50ml), as it boasts a natural repair system to help revitalise skin overnight. For anyone with tired eyes, hydrate them with the Lacura Caviar Collagen Pro Eye Cream (£4.99, 15ml). Simply add to everyday morning and evening skincare routines to achieve brighter and tighter skin. For a more concentrated treatment, the Lacura Caviar Collagen Day Serum (£5.99, 50ml) will take skincare routines to the next level, reducing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles and improving elasticity. Skin will appear firmer, tighter and plumped for a youthful-looking complexion. Aldi’s Lacura Caviar Collagen Pro range is available in stores now.