The EU executive on Tuesday started a never-used legal process against Hungary that could see the government stripped of EU funding for falling short on anti-corruption and defying democratic standards. The timing of the move has been dubbed a reflection of the bloc's "contempt for democracy". The process, called the "rule of law conditionality mechanism", could transform Brussels-Budapest relations at a time made highly critical by the war in Ukraine. Hungary's re-elected leader, a long-time Kremlin ally, received the congratulations of Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday, with Moscow saying the dictator had expressed confidence the two nations could develop further ties "despite the difficult international situation". Despite their good relations, the statement proved somewhat surprising considering Hungary has welcomed more than half a million refugees displaced from Ukraine by Putin's war and joined EU sanctions. Reactions to Mr Orbán's win among the bloc were anything but enthusiastic, with the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) reporting the vote had been "marred by the absence of a level playing field". READ MORE: Britons joyous as Rejoiners call for Hungary to be booted OUT of EU Mr Orbán's right-wing Fidesz party had 53 percent of votes with almost 99 percent counted. The opposition alliance, led by Péter Márki-Zay, was far behind with 35 percent. According to Tom Slater, Mr Márki-Zay's United for Hungary party "defied the raised expectations of Euro elites and put in a dreadful showing", while Mr Orbán "presented himself as a doughty defender of Hungarian national identity and interests against a meddlesome European Union and international set". His "landslide victory", the editor wrote in Spiked, is now showing the EU's "intent on punishing Hungarian voters for daring to go their own way". European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen told EU lawmakers on Tuesday: "We've been very clear the issue is corruption. "We will now send a letter of formal notification to start the conditionality mechanism." In launching the mechanism, which was designed and agreed by all 27 EU leaders in late 2020 to prevent the misuse of EU budget funds, billions in EU payments could be ultimately switched off to Budapest. Mr Orbán and his nationalist allies ruling in Poland expressed reluctance over the approval of the tool and challenged it in the EU's top court, the European Court of Justice, in February – without success. DON'T MISSHungary summons Ukraine diplomat in bitter blow to EU's unity [REPORT]Orban leads EU revolt as FIVE states furious over new sanctions [ANALYSIS]EU crisis after warning Orban's 'Huxit' plan had 'already begun' [INSIGHT] Richer member nations that contribute to the bloc's joint coffers — of which Warsaw and Budapest are net beneficiaries — pushed for it in pursuit of stronger safeguards to ensure their cash does not aid those undermining democracy But "the primary threat to democracy in Hungary does not come from its elected government", argues Mr Slater. He said: "The European Union exists to limit democracy, to place technocrats over the heads of national leaders and the people who elect them." "None of this should surprise us. "The lesson from Greece to Brexit to Budapest is that Euro elites love democracy, until a democratic vote goes the 'wrong' way." Mr Orbán's chief of staff Gergely Gulyas urged the European Commission "not to punish Hungarian voters for expressing an opinion not to Brussels' taste" in the elections and to "return to common sense and dialogue" that the Hungarian government has always been open to. He said: "Brussels is making a mistake. "The basic rules of democracy must be accepted by the Commission." Mr Orbán, the EU's longest-serving leader, is now entering a fourth consecutive term. In Mr Slater's words, this is Hungarians' sign they refuse "to be pushed around" by the EU. According to Jillian Stirk, an official from the OSCE, it is the result of a "pervasive overlap between the governing party's campaign messages and the government's communications".