The latest Quordle has gone live for April 5, and it's another tough one. Unlike Wordle where you only have to figure out one word, Quordle tasks players with working out four words. It's every bit as difficult as it sounds, which is why you may need some help. If you want some hints for Quordle 71 on April 5, then head towards the bottom of the page. If you still can't figure it out, head to the bottom of the page for the answers. Quordle challenges players to figure out four different words in just nine attempts. Much like Wordle, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles if you're to succeed. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing. If it's yellow then the letter appears, just not in that particular spot. Finally, green tiles mean the letter appears in that exact position. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on everything, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters will appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then choose a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter B. 2. The first word contains just one vowel. 3. Get this and you'll sweep up. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word also starts with the letter A. 2. The second word contains just one vowel. 3. All it takes is one of these to grow into a massive oak tree. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word also starts with the letter I. 2. The third word contains two vowels. 3. Alanis Morissette once sang about this. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter J. 2. The fourth word contains two vowels. 3. How do I fit these clues together? Quordle word 1 answer... BRUSH Quordle word 2 answer... ACORN Quordle word 3 answer... IRONY Quordle word 4 answer... JOINT