Camilla Parker Bowles married Prince Charles in 2005, and the couple live in Highgrove in Gloucestershire where they grow their own sustainable produce. But what diet and exercise regime does she follow? A qualified nutritionist, personal trainer and founder of Bio-Synergy Daniel Herman spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to unveil the Duchess’ healthy diet.  He said: “Both Duchess of Cornwall and Prince Charles are advocates of sustainability and British farming. “As such, I would imagine that her diet comprises of many traditional yet healthy meals such as eggs, lamb, chicken, fish and fresh vegetables, as they certainly have access to some of the best organic food that the UK produces.” What food group is best for Camilla’s age group as a “septuagenarian”? Daniel continued: “Dairy is an incredibly important food group for people as they get older, as we age our calcium needs are high and they stay high, and you can't get any other foods with as much calcium as dairy.  READ MORE: 'Cheeky Harry's clearly missing!’ Prince 'serious’ in new interview “Milk, for example, gives you nearly all the calcium you need. “Dairy's also a great source of vitamin D, it's essential for healthy bones and many important functions within the body. “Due to our climate many people don't get enough of it, and with age, it gets harder for your body to make vitamin D just by being out in the sunshine. “So it is likely that Camilla will take a good quality vitamin D3 supplement.  “As part of her daily diet whole grains, such as oatmeal are a great source of B vitamins and am sure that alongside eggs, oats may well be a popular breakfast choice.” How would Prince Charles influence Camilla’s diet? Daniel added: “As Prince Charles is a keen fisherman it is likely that salmon features in Camilla’s diet which is great for omega-3 fatty acids, which are good for heart health. “So overall, I would imagine that Camilla will enjoy a balanced diet comprising of the fresh foods that are readily available to her, and along with some supplementation will provide the nutrients that she needs to sustain her wellbeing.”  What exercise routines does Camilla follow? Daniel commented saying: “As we age it is important to maintain regular exercise and to tailor this to your personal needs. “As such, I would not be surprised if Camilla has used a DNA test to get this level of personalisation to help guide her to maintain her strength and vitality. “Like all septuagenarians, Camilla will benefit from resistance training to maintain lean muscle, reduce the risk of sarcopenia and maintain bone density to reduce the risk of osteoporosis.  “Camilla is known to be a fan of ballet, Pilates and yoga all of which help tone and help develop overall body strength. “I am also confident that both Camilla and Charles will enjoy long country walks on their estates which is a great way of saying healthy both physically and mentally. “Camilla by eating a balanced diet composed of good quality organic local produce and supplementing where necessary alongside regular exercise that focuses on her personal needs has been able to maintain and even turn back the clock on ageing. “This will sustain her busy lifestyle.” 