Changes to the state pension age can have a significant impact on the retirement plans of millions of British people. An ongoing Government review could mean upcoming increases to the state pension age are brought forward. The state pension age currently stands at 66 for both men and women in the UK. Two increases are already scheduled which would raise the state pension age. The first is a gradual rise to age 67 for those born on or after April 1960. This is set to take place by 2028. READ MORE: ‘We’re hungry all the time’ Single mum pleads for help as Universal Credit falls short A second gradual rise to 68 is then scheduled for those born on or after April 1977. Under current plans, this would occur between 2044 and 2046. However, the Government may decide to accelerate the move to age 68. The Government is currently undertaking its second review into the state pension age. DON'T MISSBritons could ‘pocket over £600 a year’ using ‘great way’ to save extra cash [INSIGHT]Benefit expert shares how to receive £350 per month for mental health conditions from DWP [BENEFITS]'Incredibly attractive' - Savers offered 'top in class' interest rate via new account [SAVINGS] During the first review, it was decided that the next review should consider whether to bring the increase to age 68 forward to between 2037 and 2039. If this transpires, it would mean millions more people waiting an extra year for their state pension. The outcome of the review should be unveiled next year, as the review must be published by May 7, 2023. The Government is required to review the state pension age regularly according to the Pensions Act 2014. The first state pension age review took place in 2017. Increases in the state pension age are designed to reflect changes in the life expectancy of British people. The Government states on its website that as the population becomes older, it must ensure the state pension “continues to provide the foundation for retirement planning and financial security”. The review will consider differences across countries and regions within the UK, including Northern Ireland. The review will also include: