The build-up to this New Moon has emulated a low rumble. If you’ve felt particularly reminiscent, emotional, or erratic, the energies spurred by this upcoming eclipse are the answer to that. The storm will pass and clarity will sweep, but you might have to make some decisions this weekend. Express.co.uk spoke to Moon Mentor and author of 'Lunar Living: Working with the Magic of the Moon Cycle and Crystals for Self-Care', Kirsty Gallagher (@kirsty_gallagher_ on Instagram), to find out what’s in store for Saturday’s Taurus New Moon. The last Aries New Moon came to help you establish who you are, what you’re deserving of, and what you’re ready to receive. The Aries sign is associated with initiation, courage, boldness, spontaneity, and inspiration, which are all invaluable proponents of self-discovery. Next came the Libra Full Moon to help you break down the barriers and move towards what the Aries moon helped you uncover. Now, as we enter the first eclipse season of 2022, you’ll be able to lay a brand new foundation to build on your ambitions. Kirsty said: “You may feel there is a lot going on during this New Moon solar eclipse. “The eclipse energies started with the first new moon of April, the Aries New Moon at the start of the month.  READ MORE: Bad energy at home: How to cleanse your home of bad vibes  "But we really started to get a feeling for what this eclipse season would bring with the Jupiter Neptune conjunction on April 12, and more so when the sun moved into Taurus on April 20. Since then, the energies have been building and the waning moon has been showing us what needs to be released before we begin this powerful new beginning. A solar eclipse takes place on a New Moon, when the Moon aligns exactly between the earth and the sun, blocking out the sun's light. Kirsty said: “As this would suggest, an eclipse can bring with it a sense of darkness and coming face to face with your shadows, and we may feel this much more strongly as we wane down through the dark moon energies in the run-up to this New Moon.  “You will be taken into parts of yourself that you try to hide or run from; the emotions you prefer not to face or deal with; the secret yearnings you carry; the hurts; wounds; fears, and rejection that you haven’t yet processed and healed.” This can feel quite heavy, and as we build-up to the eclipse, you might find your emotions eclipsing along with it. Kirsty said: “If you’ve been feeling super emotional, irrational, sad, fearful, or ruminating over the past, these are all the effects of the eclipse. “You may also feel exhausted and lethargic, yet filled with anxious or nervous energy like you’ve had a bit too much caffeine! “During a solar eclipse, you can sometimes be confronted with a sense of “who am I’ and a jarring realisation of where and how you have lost yourself.”  DON'T MISS: Feng shui: How to use Feng Shui in your home [EXPLAINED]One in five people could develop skin cancer - signs to spot [ANALYSIS]Interior: Avoid adding a shoe rack to your bedroom - ‘negative energy’ [INSIGHT]    This will become especially apparent during a grounded Taurus Moon, as lunar transiting in this sign often brings with it a reality check. Combining this with the eclipse energy will help highlight just where you might have strayed from your path. Kirsty continued: “But one thing this New Moon is here to do, is to help you to see that it’s perhaps in losing yourself that you’ve actually found yourself.” Although eclipses can feel deep and intense, they also bring a short pause and momentary stillness when everything aligns, prompting potential to wipe the slate clean and start again. Kirsty said: “Get still during the dark moon and eclipse and spend some time alone in the “darkness”. "Allow it to reveal answers to you, and then use these insights to move forwards.  “And moving towards new beginnings is what this new moon wants from you. As each of our lunar nodes is activated during this eclipse, you are going to be called towards where your future growth lies.” “It’s now time to make choices and decisions about your future. No longer can you say you “don’t know what to do or what you want” – very often when we say this, we do know…we just don’t want to face the reality and the decision. “Remember that doing nothing is also a choice. One that will inevitably keep you stuck where you are.” The New Moon will help you realise what you’re done with, what you’re ready for, and what you want. Kirsty said: “It’s time to love, respect, trust, and believe in yourself and move forwards with a newfound sense of self-knowing and self-worth, knowing that you deserve it all. It’s your time to receive, it’s your time to shine, it’s your time to get what you want. “Under this New Moon set your deepest intentions from your heart and soul and watch the magic unfold as you begin to build the life that you desire and deserve.” 