Doctor Who fans have been wondering whether Yaz’s (played by Mandip Gill) feelings for the Time Lord (Jodie Whittaker) will be further explored and actress Mandip has confirmed they will be addressed in the next special. The BBC star opened up on what viewers can expect from the upcoming episode in a recent interview. Over the past few seasons, Yaz has developed feelings for the Doctor. In the most recent New Year special, Dan (John Bishop) picked up on Yaz’s love for the Time Lord while Jodie Whittaker’s character remained oblivious. However, the actress who plays the lovestruck adventurer has revealed the possibility of a romance will be revisited in the next special. When asked if the romance will be addressed, she said: “Yes.” Read more: Doctor Who star Karen Gillan doesn't rule out return to BBC series “That's where I think the heart is [of the special], the understanding, the emotion that Chris is so good at writing,” she continued. “So I won't tell you which way it goes,” the Doctor Who actress teased. “But we obviously have to touch on that again, it wouldn't make sense not to.” Mandip told Radio Times: ”I mean that's in the like midst of everything else that's going on. “And you know, the sword fight with the Sea Devils and all that kind of stuff.” Meanwhile, Doctor Who has released the trailer for the second in its series of specials. The synopsis reads: “In a swashbuckling special adventure, the Doctor, Yaz and Dan come face to fin with one of the Doctor’s oldest adversaries: the Sea Devils. “Why has legendary pirate queen Madam Ching come searching for a lost treasure? DON'T MISSDoctor Who: Jodie Whittaker should be replaced by Tim Peake [VIDEO]Doctor Who bosses confirm return date of series and new special  [INSIGHT]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker's replacement unveiled as Hollywood star? [INTERVIEW] “What terrifying forces lurk beneath the oceans of the nineteenth century? And did Yaz really have to dress Dan up as a pirate?” The Legend of the Sea Devils airs on BBC One and BBC iPlayer on Sunday, April 17 and is the second in a trio of episodes. In the trailer, the Doctor, Yaz and Dan are standing on a boat at sea as the latter warns: “They’re coming straight for us.” An ethereal ship heads towards them as the Time Lord exclaims: “That’s impossible.” As the passengers on the ship arrive, the Doctor says: “Madame Ching, pirate queen?” “We don’t stand a chance,” another crew member quips. As the trailer continues, fans are told: “Swashbuckle… Your seatbelts… For an epic special adventure.” Doctor Who’s Legend of the Sea Devils airs on BBC One on April 17.