Fans of cleaning star Mrs Hinch have shared their hacks for removing limescale from taps. Limescale is caused by a build-up of calcium and magnesium minerals in hard water. Ousting limescale can be difficult, especially if it’s been left for a long period of time. Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips in the influencer’s name. Facebook user Becky Cellupica shared her 2p hack for removing limescale from taps. READ MORE: What to do with tulips after they have bloomed She said: “After seeing loads of posts in this group and comments about using a 2p to get thick limescale off taps I thought I'd give it a go on my bathroom taps. “I’d tried loads of things; Viakal, Astonish limescale remover, lemon juice, the Pink Stuff and nothing worked! “So I tried the 2p trick which got all of the limescale off. “Then gave them a treatment with Viakal gel and they look brand new!”  DON'T MISSGarden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [INSIGHT]When to plant runner beans - key date to plant for a summer harvest [UPDATE]Homeowner vows to keep fence after council orders it to be torn down [ANALYSIS] Becky added: “It's so easy, I can't believe I never tried it before. “Use an old 2p piece that's no longer shiny and scrape the limescale. It lifts it off so easily.” Other Mrs Hinch fans commented on the hack. Emily Rowe said: “They look amazing!” Jane Pritchard replied: “Looking good.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Jackie O'Hare commented: “I’ve used the 2p trick a few times, amazing!” Marie Nuttall said: “Great job.” Tracey Fussell wrote: “Looks fantastic.” Norman Tiggsy commented: “Interesting. I’ll have to give it a whirl.”  Emily Tofts suggested: “It’s so satisfying how the limescale comes off in chunks!" Another user shared their hack for removing limescale from taps. Vicky Sherwood Jones said: “I spray with white vinegar - quick and easy.”