Piers Morgan, 57, was getting on swimmingly with Bill Maher, 66, until the American comedian and political commentator cheekily nicknamed the Queen “the old bag” while the pair discussed the British royal family. The harsh remark was uttered during Piers’ appearance on Bill’s Club Random podcast, which was released today. While discussing his new role on TalkTV with Bill, Piers reflected on his explosive exit from Good Morning Britain, prompted by backlash over his decision to publicly berate Meghan Markle’s claims about the royals being “racist” during her interview with Oprah Winfrey.  Sharing his own views on the controversy, Bill said: “Meghan and Harry, they go on Oprah, which itself… why do you need to do that?  “Okay, so the royal family is accused of racism.  “I’m sure the old bag’s got to be 100, I mean, she grew up in…” READ MORE... Victoria Beckham shares David's cheeky pic of her passed out by toilet  Piers then promptly cut across Bill to tell him off for his throwaway comment about the Queen.    He warned: “Can you not call her majesty ‘the old bag’?”    “Really?” Bill exclaimed in response.    Piers then explained his objection to the phrase, adding: “I’ve got to have some limits for our country.  “I don’t mind you trashing our television, that’s fair enough, because you’re right about a lot of that, but the Queen has been on that throne for 70 years. “And actually, I would say, of all leaders of any kind in the world, probably, despite everything, remains the most respected leader of all in the world.” Bill hit back: “Okay, f**k me!” Piers continued: “So you can’t call her offensive names in my presence without me calling you out on it.” DON'T MISS:'Complete b******t!' Piers Morgan reignites row with Meghan Markle [EXCLUSIVE]Demi Rose flaunts tiny corseted waist in low-cut red leather dress [PICS]Stacey Solomon on 'harsh reality' at home after Joe Swash 'loses it' [VIDEO] “Okay, fine,” Bill conceded.  Aside from their clash over Queen Elizabeth II, Piers seemed to enjoy talking to Bill about his controversial departure from GMB.  Bill began by praising Piers for “having the b**ls” to storm off the ITV show following his clash with Alex Beresford over disbelieving the Duchess of Sussex.  The comedian added while slamming cancel culture: “The hypersensitivity thing… “I used to think of the British as the stiff upper lip.”  He then said in reference to Meghan: “There was just so much bulls**t about it, right?”  Piers agreed, insisting that although critics had branded him “racist”, for disbelieving Meghan, he assured Bill: “I hadn’t said anything remotely racist.  “What I had done, was say that I didn’t believe Meghan Markle, who, by the way, was lying through her back teeth.”  