Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are currently at the Invictus Games in the Hague, where they are also filming footage for their Netflix documentary. Stephanie Takyi, GB News' showbiz reporter, said that the staggering amount of money that Netflix has given Meghan and Harry will come at a price this week. She said that the couple may "very much be at the command of Netflix during this trip". GB News' breakfast host Anne Diamonded remarked: "They are being followed wherever they go by a crew filming for their Netflix documentary." Ms Takyi explained: "Well, they signed a £100 million deal with Netflix. So very much, they will be at the command of Netflix during this trip. "But Meghan is only going to be there until Monday." Ms Diamond responded: "Isn't it odd that they said they wanted to get away from the glare and public cameras and they have chosen this?" JUST IN: Kate Middleton and Prince William miss out on Harry's visit Earlier this month it was revealed that Meghan and Harry will be followed around by a camera crew at the event. The crew will be filming a Netflix documentary about the games, named Heart of Invictus, in which Harry will appear on camera and be credited as an executive producer on the series. The documentary series is the first show of their multimillion-dollar deal which they signed in September 2020. The show will follow the journeys of individuals competing at the games. The games were initially founded by Prince Harry to support former members of the armed forces. Harry's decision to set up the games came after he participated in two frontline tours of Afghanistan in 2008 and 2012, during his stint in the British Army. This comes as royal commentator Charles Rae suggested that Harry and Meghan's brief visit to the Queen on Thursday may also feature in the documentary series. Speaking on Talk Radio, he said: "The Netflix film crew will most certainly favourably capture Harry and Meghan. "It will look as if they are still members of the Royal family when they are private citizens. "That will be the whole aim to show people they are still considered very important people." DON'T MISS: Royal expert praises Charles and the Queen for being 'bigger people' [INTERVIEW]Xi Jinping struggles to contain unprecedented Shanghai protests [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry to introduce Lilibet to Queen [LIVE BLOG] The trip to Windsor was the first time the couple had visited the UK together since stepping back from royal duties in March 2020. Meghan and Harry also reportedly paid a visit to Prince Charles, who was on the premises to take the Queen's place at the Maundy Thursday Service The Daily Mail's Richard Kay claimed that "not leaking details is being seen as a way of getting some trust back into the relationship." Royal expert Ingrid Seward described the visit as an "olive branch". She told the Sun: "It is a wonderful opportunity to clear the air and offer an olive branch. "After everything that has gone on it must have taken a lot for Harry and Meghan to go to Windsor. "Also Maundy Thursday is a very special day for the Queen as it is about forgiveness. "She is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms."