St George's Day falls each year on April 23, celebrated by Christians and the countries George is patron of. As well as England, St George is the patron saint of Bulgaria, Georgia, Portugal and Romania, alongside the Spanish communities of Cáceres, Alcoy, Aragon and Catalonia. Not much is actually known about St George's life, however, some believe he was a Roman officer of Greek descent from Cappadocia. Sources show George was martyred in one of the pre-Constantinian persecutions around AD 303.. However, anything before this is unclear, with histories showing conflicting information. So why exactly is St George the patron saint of England? Read More: RAF emergency: UK E-3 Sentry aircraft sounds urgent 7700 'squawk' According to the Oxford Dictionary of Saints by David Hugh Farmer, George embodied the Christian ideals of chivalry. Some versions of George's life depict him being tortured to deny his Christian oath, however he refused to renounce his faith. George was then beheaded in Palestine, and his head taken to Rome. The courage George had shown quickly spread across Europe, and in 1350 King Edward III made him the patron saint of England. This happened as Edward formed the Order of the Garter in George's name. St George was further written into legend thanks to William Shakespeare, who's play King Henry V featured a now-iconic battle speech. The battle speech ended with the phrase: "Cry God for Henry, England and St George." As well as tales of George's courage in the face of torture, there were stories of him facing a dragon. DON'T MISSBrexiteer dismantles Remoaner outside Commons in brilliant swipe [INSIGHT]Man crushed to death in garden after going to take nap in hammock [LATEST]Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry' [ANALYSIS] The story of George and the dragon is that George tamed and then slew a dragon which had demanded human sacrifices. The dragon had been forcing tribute from villages, however once they had exhausted livestock and other valuables a human sacrifice was required. The villagers accepted this until their beloved princess was chosen as that year's tribute. George then intervened, rescuing the princess and killing the dragon. This was said to have taken place on Dragon Hill in Uffington, Berkshire. Drawings, wood cuttings and adaptations of the tale spread like wildfire. This was perhaps the best-known story about St George, however, it is highly unlikely he ever fought a dragon nor visited England. In George's day, often the devil was depicted as a dragon, so its possible versions of George's story have been skewed to include a real dragon. Today on St George's Day England's flag - featuring the St George's Cross - is flown, celebrations are held across the Christian church and campaigns continue for it to be made a national holiday. Morris dancing is one way the day is commemorated, alongside Punch and Judy shows and an annual pageant is held in Salisbury. Despite some waning interest, English Heritage and the Royal Society of St George encourage celebrations.