But it's been a bad week for him too, and not just because of the furious reaction of British royal watchers accusing him of arrogance in suggesting he alone was making sure the Queen was "protected" and has "the right people around her." . The worst thing about Harry's week was that it reminded us of what he ought to be doing full-time, contributing to the real world as a working member of the Royal Family, not skulking thousands of miles away in a billionaire's fortress on a California hilltop. The great divide that has opened up in the Royal Family is to the discredit of everyone who might have prevented it. Prince Harry invoked the memory of his mother, saying he felt her spirit guiding and helping him. But if she were still alive, Princess Diana would be distraught to see her sons at daggers drawn. As it is, there is no real prospect of reconciliation although the Queen, with characteristic wisdom, tried to put things on a more even keel by welcoming Harry and Meghan to tea at Windsor Castle. But it remains a lose-lose situation. The monarchy's loss is huge. Harry may have struggled with exams at Eton but he has grown into a prince who has it all. He speaks very well and is sincere in everything he says. He has his mother's gift for communicating with people. Princess Diana would refer to him as "Good King Harry" when he was a child, thinking he had all the makings of a future monarch. The flash of Tudor red hair just adds poignancy to what has been lost. But once this royal schism had been allowed to happen, it opened up like the Grand Canyon. That ill-judged interview with Oprah Winfrey was a disaster for Harry. Just as Princess Diana came to bitterly regret her interview with Martin Bashir, so Harry will come to regret his patio chat with Oprah.  Invictus means undefeated in Latin. Harry spoke movingly to the competitors at his Games. He praised Ukraine's military representatives, wishing them peace. But peace, like charity, begins at home . Prince Harry speaks from the heart. Now he must find it in his heart to find the way back. And the Royal Family must welcome him back, and his wife . If only there were a "fixer" like Lord Mountbatten in the Royal Family now. Someone like him is needed to make people on both sides accept that their disagreements are actually trivial. Not surprisingly, it's the Queen who has taken the first step in that direction, inviting Harry and Meghan to be on the Buckingham Palace balcony at her Platinum Jubilee'. They may not get top billing, but they would be mugs to say no. 