Gary Neville has stated his belief that Erik ten Hag could turn down the Manchester United manager's job due to the treatment of Donny van de Beek. Ten Hag is understood to be United's preferred candidate to replace Ralf Rangnick, with the Dutchman having a close relationship with Van de Beek from the midfielder's time at Ajax. But Van de Beek has struggled for opportunities since arriving at Old Trafford in 2019 and is currently on loan at Everton. And Neville believes that the midfielder could discourage Ten Hag from making the move to Manchester. "If you look at what Manchester United are doing to players, there isn't one who has grown. Look at what they did to Donny van de Beek. If you're Ten Hag, I think you're on the phone to Van de Beek. What's it like there, Donny? He's not saying anything good, is he?" Neville told the Gary Neville Podcast. "I suspect Ten Hag's demands aren't financial, they will be about control, recruitment, structure, youth. I suspect he wants to come in and make sure he's not exposed to what other managers have been exposed to in these last 10 years. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag faces Alex Ferguson’s ‘impossible’ dilemma at Man Utd "That might be too much for Manchester United, and I suspect it may be difficult week or two for the club. I still think they will get it over the line, but the reports this morning were that Ten Hag was placing demands on the club that maybe go above and beyond." Neville is also concerned about how being turned down by Ten Hag, who has never managed in one of the 'Big Five' European leagues, would look. He believes Ten Hag is being given the full brief on the state of the Red Devils by Van de Beek, which could end up scuppering the appointment. DON'T MISS: Man Utd told they will need to break transfer record for Darwin Nunez (TRANSFERS)Man Utd need more from 5 players to qualify for Champions League (INSIGHT)Cristiano Ronaldo has become 'invisible' as Man Utd star sent sympathy (ANALYSIS) "Things have all gone quiet on the Mauricio Pochettino front, so it all feels like it's all eggs in the Ten Hag basket. If they cannot get him over the line because of his demands on the way the club is run, what a position for Manchester United to be in," Neville added. "I suspect Ralf Rangnick will be speaking to Ten Hag honestly, Van de Beek will be answering him honestly. We know Edwin van der Sar is over at Ajax and will be speaking to Ten Hag honestly. They will be saying be very careful about going to Manchester United because it can be a graveyard for reputations at this moment in time."