Chelsea ace Timo Werner admits he thought his side had done enough to book their place in the Champions League semi-finals after his goal at the Bernabeu Stadium on Tuesday night had given the Blues an aggregate lead against Real Madrid. Werner struck to put Chelsea 4-3 up overall, before Los Blancos levelled the tie late on and went on to win the encounter in extra time. The Blues arrived in Madrid with everything to do after losing the first leg at Stamford Bridge 3-1. And the visitors took the lead after 15 minutes as Mason Mount fired past Thibaut Courtois. And Chelsea drew level on aggregate five minutes into the second period as Antonio Rudiger connected with Mount’s corner to thump a header into the back of the net. Chelsea then entered dreamland with 15 minutes of the match remaining as Werner got on the scoresheet for the third time in four days following his brace against Southampton at the weekend. But Rodrygo kept the tie alive as he volleyed home Luka Modric’s exquisite cross five minutes later. Chelsea looked to regroup as the match went into extra time - but Real ultimately progressed to the last four courtesy of Karim Benzema’s strike. And Werner couldn’t believe his side had lost out. READ MORE: Ten Hag’s striker preference explained as Ronaldo wanes for Man Utd   “This was nearly a perfect performance from us,” Werner said after the match. “When I scored I thought we are through with this. When I celebrated my goal I thought this is it. We had a brilliant game and we had 10 minutes to go through to make a miracle come true - so it is very disappointing. “We nearly gave no chances to Madrid but in the end we have to say the goals they scored were very good. There was one moment in regular time when we were not like we were the whole game and Madrid have the quality to score against you and they showed it for the 3-1. I think it was a brilliant goal - a brilliant cross from Luka Modric, hard to defend.” DON'T MISSMan Utd changed mind on Pochettino despite liking 4 things about himVan der Vaart warns Man Utd players about Ten Hag - ‘Get thrown out'Man Utd ‘to give Ten Hag a record-breaking salary’ as move nears      Real have been crowned European champions a record 13 times, with six of those titles coming since the turn of the century. And Werner admits the Spanish giants ultimately had too much for the Blues. “To come back after a 3-1 defeat in the home game was very good for us, we had everything that we needed at 3-0 up - we had the chance to go through,” Werner added. “But in the end you can’t stop Madrid over the whole time. “We know that but we tried everything in normal time and in extra time but the home game made a difference. We are very disappointed after what we put into this game and how we played.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here