As many as 786 seafarers working for the company were told they were no longer needed in a mass firing on March 17 in a video call. The company then reportedly stopped ferry services while it looked for cheaper agency staff. Peter Hebblethwaite, P&O’s CEO, later admitted to MPs the company had broken the law by paying workers off rather than formally consulting them on redundancy. RMT boss Mick Lynch told Express.co.uk the Transport Secretary “should go further” in his response to the issue. Despite continuing rancour over the employment move, the company claimed today (Wednesday) that “morale is high and our spirit as a company is strong”. And in a sign it was now attempting to weather the outrage storm, P&O’s channel crossings resumed for freight yesterday, as the Spirit of Britain departed Dover for Calais shortly after 11pm on Tuesday. READ MORE: P&O Ferries new staff fired for drinking alcohol on duty Passenger services are expected to resume early next week. Since the mass sacking, Mr Hebblethwaite has received repeated calls to resign, including from Mr Shapps. In his latest salvo, on Wednesday, the cabinet minister said Mr Hebblethwaite’s tenure was now “completely unsustainable”. Giving evidence to the House of Commons Transport Select Committee, Mr Shapps said that he “will now have to go”. He also pledged to introduce new legislation that would compel the company to pay the minimum wage, and called on P&O to repay the £11million it received from the Government during the coronavirus pandemic through the furlough scheme. P&O currently pays workers £5.50 an hour, which it insists is in line with international maritime law. In the UK, the minimum wage is £9.50 per hour. Mr Hebblethwaite previously acknowledged to MPs the company had not consulted workers and their representative unions ahead of the mass firing, as they are legally obliged to do. He said the company chose not to consult, and all those affected would be compensated “in full”. DON'T MISS: Russia sends remarkable threat to West - ‘War means war’ [REPORT] Switzerland sparks fury after REJECTING bid to send ammo to Ukraine [INSIGHT] 'Grovelling' Macron accused of 'shining Putin's boots' - 'Pathetic' [REACTION] DON'T MISS: Russia sends remarkable threat to West - ‘War means war’ [REPORT] Switzerland sparks fury after REJECTING bid to send ammo to Ukraine [INSIGHT] 'Grovelling' Macron accused of 'shining Putin's boots' - 'Pathetic' [REACTION] Following Mr Shapps’ remarks in committee, a spokesperson for P&O responded: “The actions our company took on March 17, whilst unpopular, saved 2,200 jobs and a British company. “P&O Ferries is now a modern, dynamic, competitive and viable business which can meet customer needs flexibly in a way that has not been possible in the past. “We call on [the] Government to have a constructive dialogue with P&O Ferries about the future and how we get this country moving in a positive direction after two very difficult years for business. Calls for our CEO to go need to stop. The spokesperson added the company’s ferries would be back in full service “shortly”. Meanwhile, Mr Lynch, general secretary of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union, said Mr Hebblethwaite “has shown he cannot be trusted to run the company.” He added: “Grant Shapps is right to call for his dismissal, but he should go further and nationalise P&O Ferries and get our members their jobs back.” On Tuesday, the Trade Unions Congress called for a public and commercial boycott of the firm, claiming it deserved a “pariah status” for its treatment of employees. Earlier that day, another P&O vessel, the European Causeway, was adrift five miles from the Northern Irish coast following a power outage.