Energy bills are rising for many people as bill payers look for ways to save money each week. Whether it's a few pounds here or there, it can add up to a fair chunk in the end allowing people to save hundreds if not thousands of pounds annually. Next month will see the rise of the energy price cap with Ofgem hiking it up £693 from £1,277 to £1,971 for those on a default tariff who pay by direct debit whilst pre-payment customers will see a bigger jump with their cap going up by £708, from £1,309 to £2,017. But one question that many have is what is cheaper to run - is it the bath or the shower? Experts at Barrett Homes have explained that it is more cost-effective to have showers instead of baths. They said: “Unless you are sharing bathwater, a shower can save you money if you use the water responsibly. “A shower will use less water and energy than a bath if it is a quick shower. “By purchasing a water meter, you can also see how much you are spending, and you might find out if you are over showering. “Or, if your workplace offers showers, you could always try there to keep costs down at home." READ MORE: Energy bills: The household appliances adding £700 onto your bill A standard bathtub holds around 180 litres of water. However, in real terms a bath will use about 100 litres, since a human body will displace much of that water – and most people don’t fill it right to the top anyway. Experts at Waterwise estimated that the average showerhead pumps out about 12 litres of water a minute, or 15 if it’s a power shower. Initially, it would appear a no-brainer that showering is more energy and water efficient than bathing, but this all depends on how you do so. A five-minute scrub under the shower isn’t the same as leaving it running and turning your bathroom into a sauna for an hour. DON'T MISS:Is it cheaper to use an electric heater or your gas radiators? [INSIGHT]How to clean your washing machine with easy ingredients [COMMENT]Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [TIPS] Similarly, someone who takes a full bath twice a day will have higher consumption than someone who reuses the water or has the occasional soak. Looking at a 40 degree power shower that lasts five minutes, Britons will go through 75 litres of water and require 2.88 kWh of energy to heat it. The price for water will vary depending on your regional provider, but Discover Water estimated that two litres from the tap costs around a third of a penny. That comes to just over 12p per shower. If you have a gas boiler, the new price cap is set at 7.37p per kWh, pushing the price of heating the water for a shower to 22p. Meanwhile, the cap for electricity has been upped to 28.34p per kWh – and up to 82p each time you go for a wash. All in all, that puts the price of a five-minute shower at around £1.16. Using the same figures, a 100 litre bath requires 3.84 kWh of energy to heat up to 40 degrees. The water itself will be around 17p per bath depending on your water and sewerage supplier. As for the gas to heat that water, you’re looking at up to 28p. If you use electricity, that figure jumps to £1.09 for each bath. That means that each bath could cost you between 45p and £1.37. Many experts say that people should be keeping their showers to no more than five minutes per person. A good tip is to time yourself and see if you can cut down on how much water you use. What’s more, if you have a power shower, you can cheaply buy a water efficient head that cuts the amount of water needed by about half. Most retain the same level of pressure but aerate the flow, so you won’t feel like you’re missing out.