The United Nations has been criticised by the guest of Iain Dales's radio show for "disappearing in a puff of blue smoke", amid Russia's invasion of Ukraine. It comes as Ukrainian President Voldymor Zelensky addressed the UN and called for urgent reform to the organisation. Mr Dale asked guests: "It is bizarre. I can't think of a single thing that the Secretary-General of the UN has said about Ukraine can any of you?" Former war reporter Petrie Hosken told the LBC host: "I agree with you they appear to have disappeared in a puff of blue smoke somewhere. Welt correspondent Stefanie Bolzen added: "He said one thing that I thought was interesting. I read that one, which was the consequences of the war in Russia on Ukraine on the whole world in terms of people starving because there won't be any wheat coming on. "So that's something you said that we must look much beyond Russia and Ukraine. "  Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky has blasted the United Nations structure in a powerful speech condemning Russia's power of veto at the international security organisation. Mr Zelensky told the UN: "We are dealing with a state that is turning the veto into the UN Security Council into the right to die." He continued: "This undermines the whole architecture of global security and that allows them to go advantage. "So they are destroying everything that they can.  "So if this continues there, then countries will rely only on the power of their own arms to ensure their security and not on international law, not rely on international institutions. The United Nations can be simply closed. "Ladies and gentlemen, are you ready to close the UN?" The Ukrainian President urged the United Nations to act and reform its system which gives Security Council permanent member Russia a veto. He stressed everything must be done to ensure the international body works effectively. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle in podcast takeover as Harry cut out of project [INSIGHT]Prince Harry on the spot as key security row paradox exposed [ANALYSIS]Jamaican MP hits out at claims she 'snubbed' Kate [VIDEO]  Mr Zelensky also described in detail grim scenes in the Ukrainian town of Bucha, saying Moscow wanted to turn Ukraine into "silent slaves." Horrific images emerging from the town of Bucha near Kyiv include a mass grave and bound bodies of people shot at close range, prompting calls for tougher action against Moscow and an international investigation. Satellite images taken weeks ago of Bucha show bodies of civilians on a street, a private US company said, undercutting the Russian government's claims that Ukrainian forces caused the deaths or that the scene was staged. The city was occupied by Russian forces until about March 30.