Today, a Bill to scrap the European Union’s “Vnuk” motor insurance law passed through Parliament and will go on to receive Royal assent to confirm the changes into law. The EU law could have required a wider range of vehicles beyond cars and motorbikes to have motor insurance, such as golf buggies, mobility scooters and quad bikes. It would have extended to vehicles on private land, meaning even people with a ride-on lawnmower at home would have potentially required motor insurance. However other insurance options are already available to people who need cover on their private land, such as farmers. British motorists will be spared a possible £50 annual insurance hike, as the Government continues to use “post-Brexit freedoms” to outlaw the controversial EU rule. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps praised Parliament for scrapping the law and saving drivers money. READ MORE: Driver clocked at 'ridiculous' 148mph He said: “Sacking this nonsensical EU rule will protect the pockets of hard-working British people as we continue to help ease cost of living pressures. “This is another Brexit win and I’m delighted this Bill has rightfully passed through Parliament, saving billions of pounds of additional insurance costs and protecting our world-leading motorsports sector.” Not implementing the law will prevent an almost £2billion hike for the country’s insurance industry. This would have translated into a potential increase in individual insurance premiums of around £50 per motorist per year. DON'T MISSGrandad's fury as £37k Land Rover not built one year after order [FURIOUS]Diesel drivers face new parking costs three times higher than EVs [SHOCKING]Elderly drivers being 'forced' online by cashless parking payments [WARNING] The Bill was originally introduced to Parliament by Peter Bone, a Conservative MP for Wellingborough in Northamptonshire. Mr Bone commented: “I am delighted that Brexit has allowed me to promote a Bill which could save the average motorist £50 per year. “I am grateful for the help that the Motor Insurers’ Bureau and the Government provided in drafting the Bill. “My Motor Vehicles (Compulsory Insurance) Bill is just a small example of our Brexit dividend.” Vnuk would have also covered motorsports collisions potentially involving vehicles from go-karting to Formula One, which would have been treated as regular road traffic incidents requiring insurance. This could have decimated the motorsports industry due to additional insurance costs of roughly £458million every single year. The Government said that by scrapping the Vnuk law, the world-leading motorsport sector will be saved from potential collapse and secure hundreds of thousands of industry jobs in the process. The Vnuk law was named after Damijan Vnuk, a Slovenian farmer, who was knocked from his ladder by a trailer loaded with bales of hay being reversed into a barn. The ruling directed that the compulsory motor insurance requirement must be extended to include vehicles being used on private land, as well as potentially a greater range of vehicles. This could potentially include those used in motorsports, agricultural machinery and light electric vehicles. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Tim Short, FSM Partner at Plexus Law, said the passing of the Bill will end the “ripple effect of the event”. He added: “This Bill will cut across the residual effect of Articles three and 10 of the 2009 Motor Insurance Directive, so far is they require the UK to have in place rules for the compulsory insurance for the use of vehicles other than motor vehicles beyond a road or other public place. “The 2014 European Court of Justice (ECJ) judgement in the claim by Mr Vnuk made clear that the obligation on member states to enact legislation to provide for compulsory insurance for liabilities arising out of the use of vehicles extended to any motor vehicle intended for travel on land not running on rails. “And the obligation could not be limited to a road or other public place, but extended across a member state’s territory.” In addition to the likely financial burden on British road users, the Vnuk rules are considered unnecessary as there are already insurance packages available to Britons that cover certain risks on private land. Motor insurance will still be required for any vehicles being driven on roads or other public places, however, the removal of Vnuk means insurance for vehicles used on private land is not needed.