The Power UP event, which is running for the fifth time, is a great day out for gaming lovers of all ages. The popular exhibition at the Science Museum features over 160 consoles as well as hundreds of games, and lets visitors try out consoles that are decades old such as the Atari 2600 all the way through to more modern systems from gaming giants like Nintendo and Xbox. The 2022 edition of the Power UP event was originally scheduled to run until April 19. However, after selling out for the Easter holidays the Science Museum has decided to extend the run of Power UP by almost two months. The event will now be available until June 6 with tickets on sale now. Speaking about the event, Alastair Otto, the associate commercial director at the Science Museum Group, said: "Back for a fifth time, Power UP, has always been hugely popular with visitors and we’re delighted to announce the event has had its run extended until Monday 6 June. Bringing together iconic games from the last 50 years, Power UP offers our visitors the chance to discover the revolutionary advancements in technology and developments in storytelling that have shaped an industry and influenced wider popular culture. We’re thrilled that with the extension of Power UP even more visitors will now get to discover the very best of gaming throughout the decades."  During the Power UP extension the Science Museum will also continue holding Early Bird sessions to benefit families who need to visit during quieter times. Those that could benefit from this include individuals with autism spectrum conditions or sensory processing differences. Early Bird sessions will be held on Saturday 16 April and 14 May from 8am.  Besides the regular Power UP event, the Science Museum is also holding adult-only events in the evening this month. On Wednesday 27 April the iconic museum in the capital will be running a Power UP Gaming Lates session. This special after-hours gaming event includes free activities, workshops, and talks from industry experts. A Night Owls event will also be introduced for visitors aged 16 plus on Saturday 4 June from 6.30pm. 