Aston Martin’s struggles since joining Formula 1 can be attributed to the poor leadership of Lawrence Stroll, that's according to a former team principal. The British racing team are one of two teams alongside Williams to fail to score a point in 2022 so far. The 2022 season and new era of regulations got off to a horrible start for Aston Martin, as Lance Stroll and Nico Hulkenberg - standing in for four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel - finished P12 and P17 respectively in Bahrain. They followed that up with a dismal performance at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, with Hulkenberg securing 12th with the Canadian 13th. The poor start to the year means Aston Martin have gone four straight races without earning a single point, and Colin Kolles - a former F1 team principal with HRT Racing - believes the blame lies with the senior Stroll. The Canadian billionaire originally invested in the team when they were branded as Force India back in 2018. “You have a team owner who thinks he is the team boss, who knows everything better and thinks he should put his son up front with all his might,” Kolles told German broadcaster Sport1. “For me, that is the completely wrong approach. READ MORE: Red Bull ‘working on £1.7m upgrade’ as Mercedes plan wing changes “The fish always stinks from the head. I can see the racing team going nowhere. As long as Mr Whitmarsh is in charge and Mr Stroll doesn't see that he should be staying at home and only giving budgetary guidelines and letting people work who know their stuff and get the right people to lead the team, it will never work in life.” Stroll brought Force India in 2018 for £90 million and rebranded the team as Racing Point with the hopes of competing with the likes of Mercedes and Red Bull at the top of the grid in future years. They switched to Aston Martin ahead of the 2021 season. His son Lance was promoted to a seat after he bought the team four years ago. And Kolles believes the team owner’s lackadaisical approach, one of burning money, is derailing Aston Martin’s chances of success. DON'T MISSDaniel Ricciardo planned to 'retire' before Las Vegas GP announcementButton admits worry over Norris' McLaren contract amid early strugglesF1 confirm new 200mph Las Vegas track for 2023 “If someone thinks they'll get into Formula 1 and be in the front ranks overnight, then it won't work that quickly,” Kolles continued. “You have to have a plan. You could have had the plan that new rules would come in 2022 and work on them. “However, Mr Stroll decided a few years ago that it should now be done quickly, no matter what the cost. I used to tell (investors) if you take a million of any currency and throw it on a fire, the money will burn up just as quickly as in Formula 1 if you don't know what you're doing, and that is the case that is happening at Aston Martin.” Meanwhile, the 22-race 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Australian Grand Prix on April 10. And Aston Martin will be desperate for their fortunes to change in Melbourne.