Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on social media when she started to share cleaning advice. With more than four million followers, Mrs Hinch now shares more of her day-to-day life. Her fans share their own tips online, including how to clean glass oven doors. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Chloe Higgings wrote: “How do I remove this from my oven door? I can’t seem to shift it.” The cleaning fan shared a photo of her glass oven door which showed dried brown marks on the entire door. Brown stains on glass oven doors are often grease, that builds up when cooking food. If not cleaned regularly, it can become stubborn and hard to remove. READ MORE: Kate & William prepping move to Windsor - inside £2.5m Frogmore House Taking to the comments, some Mrs Hinch fans recommended using dishwasher tablets. Emma Liddle wrote: “I used dishwasher tablets, works great.” Looby Lou said: “Dip a dishwasher tablet in hot water and rub on the glass. Make sure to wear rubber gloves.” Lianna Daniels commented: “Dampen a dishwasher tablet and rub it over quite hard, it’s brilliant.” DON'T MISS:Use plants as a ‘natural pesticide’ to get rid of slugs this spring [EXPERT]How to use white vinegar to keep ants out of the home this spring [COMMENT]Monty Don: ‘Restrict mowing as much as possible’ in April [EXPLAINER] The hard powder tablets have an abrasive surface which helps to remove any stains. They are also gentle enough not to scratch the glass. Dianne Matthews explained: “I take a cheap dishwasher tablet and rub it all over the glass, scrub with a cloth or something and wipe away. “It’s the only method I’ve ever used and I love it, takes two minutes.” Other group members recommended using Elbow Grease All Purpose Degreaser as well as a glass scraper. The cleaning spray is formulated to remove grease and oil from many different surfaces. It can be used in the bathroom as well as the kitchen and is available to pick up for as little as £1. Glass scrapers, which are available from retailers like Amazon, help to remove tough stains without damaging the surface of the glass. Jane Lumley commented: “Aluminium… a trick I picked up from this group! Game changer for me, my oven has never been so clean.” Linda Johnstone said: “Scrunched up aluminium works wonders.” Fans recommended forming a ball with the foil and scrubbing in circular motions for one to two minutes. Lacy Jasper said: “Dirt just slides off, so easy.”