The Russian President’s troops are continuing to retreat from areas near Ukraine’s capital Kyiv. Over the last week, Ukrainian resistance forces on the city’s outskirts have repelled Russian advances made since Putin invaded the country more than five weeks ago. Despite the withdrawal near Kyiv, Russian troops have continued to heavily bombard southern Ukraine, including the port cities of Odesa and Mykolaiv, where there have been rocket attacks today (Sunday). The assaults are believed to be part of attempts to block Ukraine’s access to the Black Sea and create a land corridor from Russia to Crimea, which Moscow annexed in 2014. Questions remain over how the war will end and whether Putin will be forced from power by his own inner circle. According to Russia expert Professor Nikolai Petrov, the country’s political elite are unlikely to topple the Kremlin strongman because they are effectively held “hostage” by him. The senior research fellow on the Russia and Eurasia Programme at Chatham House told Express.co.uk: “They are hostages of Putin and of the situation. “There is not that much they can win by trying to change the situation, if even they would like to change the situation.” JUST IN: Russia EXODUS: Putin blow as tens of thousands of workers flee homeland to 'save careers' The professor, who has researched Kremlin decision-making, explained that, despite some reports, Putin's top ministers and security chiefs are unable to act collectively and pool their resources. He said: “It is very important to understand that Putin in recent years has been moving in a direction that was diminishing the role of semi-independent players. “Keep in mind that they are not that elite. “In the sense that their role is almost totally defined by their position, and they can lose this role immediately. “This is very important. They are not influential individually. They are part of a machine. “And being parts of this machine, they do not have – even the most influential guys around Putin – different kinds of resources.” He added: “So, if for example, Alexander Bortnikov has power and resources as the head of the FSB, he doesn’t have financial resources or political resources.” Bortnikov is one of six figures in Putin’s inner circle, who, analysts have claimed, could help bring him down. The former head of the FSB internal security service is part of the “siloviki”, an elite group of officials, whose name translates as “men of force”. Intelligence analysts Dragonfly, who correctly predicted Russia would invade Ukraine, claimed Putin could be ousted by the group. DON'T MISS: ‘Declining memory’ Joe Biden mistakenly refers to Michelle Obama as VP in latest gaffe [LATEST]Joe Biden and Xi Jinping 'finding way to talk' as Putin risks 'world going up in flames' [INSIGHT]Treasure hunter’s ‘extraordinary’ Nazi U-boat find ‘beneath island’ in 1981: ‘Holy cow!’ [ANALYSIS] In a briefing, reported by The Sun on Saturday, they claim “it’s likely to highly likely that President Putin will not be in the position he is within the next two years” if western sanctions on Russia continue. However, Prof Petrov claimed that Putin’s office closely monitors the siloviki, who, despite their power, are all somewhat isolated in their respective positions. He said: “It means that in my view, none of these individuals and representatives of the Russian political elite is capable of behaving on his or her own without getting a direct order or permission from Putin. “It needs several of them to combine their resources in order to be able to do something. “But this is exactly what is not allowed. And the Kremlin looks at them very attentively, and they are atomized. “So, the different representatives of the elites do not have much communication with each other, except when meeting with Putin or when being told by Putin to do something together. “That is why I would not wait for any elite split or even in the near future.” “It needs several of them to combine their resources in order to be able to do something. 