David Beckham and Victoria Beckham's eldest son Brooklyn Beckham married actress Nicola Peltz in a luxurious wedding in Florida over the weekend. A string of high-profile celebrities were on the guestlist for the biggest celebrity event of the year, including tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams, actress Eva Longoria and Victoria's fellow Spice Girls bandmates Mel B and Mel C. But to the surprise of many, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex, did not make an appearance. In the run-up to the much-anticipated celebrity wedding, Harry and Meghan were rumoured to have been extended an invite by the Beckhams. But, another royal couple, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, had reportedly been invited by the Beckhams instead. A source close to the Beckhams told the Mirror: “David and Victoria wrote to William and Kate inviting them and the family to their son’s wedding, and William replied wishing them a great deal of joy but they are unable to attend.” The paper claimed the Beckhams "agonised" over which royal couple to invite to the nuptials before eventually choosing William and Kate due to their "strong relationship" with David. READ MORE: Andrew steps up horse riding after scandals  The source added: “David’s attachment and history go back with William and Kate and they have a very strong relationship and they were their choice of wedding guests. “It was always about them, it was never about Meghan and Harry. “They are the people David and Victoria are attached to and it’s always been about them because they’ve had a long history together.” David and Victoria had also been guests at Kate and William's huge royal wedding at Westminster Abbey in 2011.  Although the Sussexes did not make an appearance on Saturday, the Beckhams are thought to be friends with the couple. David once referred to the Duke as an "amazing" person, adding that he and Victoria "love him" while speaking to ET Online. In turn, Meghan is also thought to be a big fan of Victoria's fashion designs, opting to wear several of her pieces in recent years. Brooklyn and Nicola's wedding on Saturday took place at the Peltz family's Palm Beach home, and Brooklyn's brothers Romeo and Cruz served as the best men. DON'T MISS:The Queen received £66m necklace as wedding gift - 'Extraordinary' [INSIGHT]Camilla and Zara represent royals at Grand National - best pictures [PICTURES]Meghan and Harry have 'restrained social life' [ANALYSIS]  The youngest of the Beckham siblings, Harper Seven, served as the flower girl, and it is understood David gave an emotional speech for his eldest's big day. Nicola Peltz is the daughter of American billionaire businessman and investor, Nelson Peltz, and former model Claudia Heffner Peltz. The wedding reportedly cost up to £3million, and the beautiful bride stunned in a custom Valentino gown on her big day. Brooklyn appeared to confirm he had taken on the Peltz name following his nuptials, captioning a picture of them online as "Mr. & Mrs. Peltz Beckham". 