Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, have become "too big for their boots", according to royal biographer Angela Levin in a discussion on Meghan's application to trademark the word 'Archetypes'. The Duchess of Sussex has recently unveiled her first Spotify series - a podcast about female stereotypes, in which she vows to investigate "labels that try to hold women back" called Archetypes. Ms Levin pointed out that Meghan's speeches have impacted the way Harry speaks in public. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mail+, Ms Levin said: "I think she is a very, very strong and determined woman and she wants to control things. "She always talks in global terms. "Even when she was here in the UK, she would never say what I want to do for the United Kingdom or for England. It was always 'my view' globally. "Prince Harry now does that all the time. READ MORE: 'Not a good look!' Meghan and Harry skewered over UK return "If you listen, it's always global. "I think they're just too big for their boots." Meghan and Harry signed a lucrative deal with the audio streaming giant to host and produce podcasts, estimated to be worth around 25 million US dollars (£18 million), in late 2020. But they had only released one show so far - a holiday special featuring their son Archie and celebrity guests. Spotify and Archewell Audio said on Thursday: "Spotify and Archewell Audio both value responsible stewardship of the audio landscape, and as explained recently, are committed to working closely to support transparency and strong principles of trust and safety." In January, Neil Young reportedly offered Spotify an ultimatum to remove either his work or The Joe Rogan Experience podcast, which has been known to air vaccine-sceptical views. When the singer later left the streaming platform, Joni Mitchell announced the same move "in solidarity" with his decision. At the time, the Sussexes' charitable foundation said they had been expressing concerns but the couple were committed to continuing their work with the organisation. DON'T MISS Beckham's accused of 'choosing Harry and Meghan' over Kate and William [VIDEO]'You used to shout at me so much' Harry jokes with Sandhurst PTI [INSIGHT]Queen's uncle Edward VIII 'actively engaged' with plot to oust royals [ANALYSIS] Last week, a spokesperson for Archewell Audio confirmed its first series would air in the summer and that they had been working closely with Spotify towards policies aimed at minimising the spread of misinformation. Meghan has long been a campaigner on female empowerment. Spotify and Archewell Audio described her conversations with typecast women as "uncensored" and said the duchess would delve into the origins of stereotypes. Former Suits actress Meghan is also an executive producer on the series, along with Ben Browning, Archewell's head of content, and Rebecca Sananes, Archewell's head of audio. The podcast will be produced by Archewell Audio in partnership with Gimlet Media for Spotify.