Tottenham will be happy they missed out on Luis Diaz to Liverpool, according to former Reds left-back Stephen Warnock. Tottenham failed to lure Diaz to north London in January so they turned their attention to signing Dejan Kulusevski. Kulusevski joined on a six-month loan deal from Juventus with the option to make the move permanent in the summer. And the Swede has had a fine start to life in the Premier League. He has scored three goals and registered six assists in 11 league outings. Diaz was a target for Tottenham but Liverpool stepped in to complete an initial £37.5million move for the Colombia star. Diaz has earned huge plaudits for his performance for the Reds. But Warnock believes Spurs will be happy they landed Kulusevski instead. READ MORE: Ray Parlour singles out three Tottenham stars in Paul Merson disagreement  The pundit said on Sky Sports: "The other point I just wanted to make very quickly was Tottenham fans might be thinking as well they were happy Diaz went to Liverpool because if he hadn't had gone there, and he'd have gone to Spurs, how would that have fitted in? Would it have worked? "Listen, we know Diaz is brilliant but they'll be looking at that thinking 'we're happy enough with Kulusevski as well'." Kulusevski has linked up exceptionally well with Harry Kane and Heung-min Son at Spurs. Warnock has compared the statistics from their first 11 games together compared to that of Liverpool trio Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino. DON'T MISSMan Utd forward Mason Greenwood confronted by supporter as police investigation continues [NEWS]Erik ten Hag ‘close to deciding on Man Utd job’ with three assurances key [GOSSIP]Ian Wright names Arsenal's biggest problem as Tottenham tipped to beat Gunners to top four [QUOTES]  Warnock says the Spurs stars are currently ahead but they have to do it over a sustained period of time. He added: "The interesting thing for me is we talk about those three forwards in the Premier League and they've been the ones we always talk about, the best forward three in the Premier League that we've seen in a long, long time. "And I was looking at the stats over the weekend in the first 11 games together, and Spurs' stack up better than the Liverpool front three. I know it's only 11 games and we'll have to judge that over two seasons, three seasons eventually because we know what those forward three went on to achieve and the ability that they've all got. "But it certainly fares well for this Tottenham Hotspur team and it makes them very, very dangerous to play against. The system that they've got, it's working excellently well for them."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here