Chelsea defender Andreas Christensen admitted the Blues held a dressing room inquest after Thomas Tuchel’s side’s shock 4-2 home defeat to Arsenal. The west Londoners arrived into the contest as clear favourites, having beaten Real Madrid at the Bernabeu and progressed into the FA Cup Final with a comfortable victory against Crystal Palace. However, Mikel Arteta’s side outclassed the Blues in every area of the pitch to secure a well-deserved victory. But while the Gunners merited the crucial three points, three of their goals were gifted by mind-boggling individual errors in the Chelsea backline. Christensen’s poor back-pass gifted Eddie Nketiah the opportunity to beat Edouard Mendy one-on-one. After Timo Werner levelled the contest with a deflected strike, Emile Smith-Rowe finished a flowing team move to restore the Gunners’ lead, before Cesar Azpilicueta equalised on the stroke of half-time. However, Nketiah took advantage of a hatched clearance from Malang Sarr to put the Gunners back in-front and Bukayo Saka sealed the victory from the penalty spot after he was inexplicably hauled down by Azpilicueta. And after the Blues’ backline’s cataclysmic display, Christensen revealed Tuchel and the Chelsea squad held a firm inquest into the performance. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims “Since Thomas arrived at the club, we’ve always been strong defensively. That’s been our base to work from and then knowing that our quality up front guarantees goals,” Christensen said after the contest. “Being solid at the back has always been a priority and recently, it’s been kind of the opposite. We spoke about it in the dressing room, because we’ve now conceded 10 (11) goals in our last three home games and that’s nowhere near good enough. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I take 100 per cent responsibility on my shoulders for the first goal, it was my mistake, but luckily for me we got back into the game quite quickly through Timo’s goal. We kept making mistakes though and it’s hard to keep bouncing back.” While the Blues remain in third position, they could yet be dragged down into a battle for the top four. Chelsea are currently five points clear of both Tottenham and Arsenal, but still must face Manchester United and West Ham in their remaining matches. As well as taking responsibility for his huge error against the north Londoners, Christensen warned his team mates improvements are needed if they are to ensure they do not plummet down the table. “I think we have to take a look at ourselves in the mirror because that performance wasn’t good enough and we know we can play a lot better than that. We can only blame ourselves for this result,” the Dane added. “We know we are better than this and for me personally, I know I can perform so much better than I what I showed. We need to pick our heads up and go again now.”