Jessica, now 35, took part in the 2016 series of The Apprentice and managed to make it all the way to the final five. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the entrepreneur talked about how the BBC show helped her discover what she wanted to do. When asked about Alan Sugar, she admitted she felt "really tense" around him but noted candidates don't actually see a lot of the business tycoon. Jessica is remembered as being an energetic and motivated candidate but admitted she was unhappy following her stint on the show because the television opportunities that followed caused her to lose her way. She appeared on Celebrity Big Brother the year after being in the competition and made a few other television appearances. Speaking about the enigmatic Lord Sugar, she said: "He's exactly as you would imagine. "He also holds this presence. So I think when you go to the boardroom, you literally feel really tense and he'll just sit down and he'll make eye contact with all of you. READ MORE: Louis Theroux ex-wife: Star’s ‘marriage of convenience’ in New York "It's just really quite intense, but actually we only see you when you guys see him, so we don't actually see him much more." When asked about Sugar's aides Karren Brady and Claude Littner, Jessica stated: "Oh my gosh, they're so scary!" She added: "But she [Karren] has such a presence too, like a real presence. "Like she walks into a room and she demands your attention just by her energy. "But actually she was lovely, especially on the task where I lost my jeans, she was actually really, really lovely and really sweet actually, she made me feel at ease." The task saw Jessica becoming upset after she realised she would have to film a jeans commercial without said jeans. Karren, who had been observing the team, asked: "What do you mean, you can't find the jeans?" "Basically, on the last location, we put the jeans down and we've not picked them back up again," she admitted. DON'T MISS... 'Doesn't acknowledge' Prince Harry sparks uproar with UK therapy [LATEST]'It just didn't make sense' Alan Carr on reason behind divorce [VIDEO]Dan Walker leaves Sally Nugent cringing with cheeky dig [LATEST] "So you're doing photographs for your jeans campaign without your jeans?" Karren clarified. Jessica began to panic and became upset, so Karren asked her to take some time outside and calm down. When asked if she was glad she went on the show, Jessica reflected: "I think so. "I think because I genuinely believe, from a different perspective, that everything happens for a reason. "I think if I hadn't gone on the show, it wouldn't have led me to do what I'm doing now. "And this is just amazing. Like it's literally my life purpose, but had to go through the ups and the downs of going on the show and everything to allow me to do what I'm doing now." Jessica's Belief Coding website describes the practice as "my own personal method and a beautiful means of accessing your subconscious and working with the 'reflection' of yourself". Her inspiration came after being on the show and finding out what she wanted to pursue. The Apprentice is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.