Carlos Sainz's superb season so far for Ferrari sees him sat third in the Drivers' Championship despite retiring in the Australian Grand Prix last weekend. However, the Spaniard will be 'angry' with Ferrari for prioritising Charles Leclerc over him as the season begins to take shape claims Ralf Schumacher. Sainz, 27, joined the Prancing Horse in 2021 after spending two years at McLaren. He impressed last season, picking up four podium finishes as he came fifth in the Drivers' Championship with 164.5 points. However, he has taken his form up a notch this season under the new regulations with a second and third-placed finish in the Bahrain and Saudi Arabian Grands Prix respectively. Yet despite his strong showings, team-mate Leclerc is already 38 points ahead and cruising in first place. And Ralf Schumacher, brother of record title winner Michael, has claimed that Sainz is angry at his team for putting him 'second' to Leclerc. "The pecking order at Ferrari is already established," Schumacher said. "Carlos Sainz knows that too and is correspondingly angry. There was a time when someone (his brother, Michael) was very successful and it was also the case that you knew relatively early on which driver you were concentrating on." Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto has refuted those claims, however. Despite Leclerc pulling clear, Binotto claims that both drivers are free to compete for the race win. "It's only three races which have been done now," the Ferrari chief said. "There are still 20 races left, hopefully 19 or 20. So the championship is still very long. Our drivers are free to fight, and I am really looking forward and enjoying that they are battling for a good place, and first place, if possible." After winning the Australian Grand Prix last time out, and having taken the fastest lap in all three Grands Prix so far, Leclerc so far is the considerable bookies' favourite to win the title. And title rival Max Verstappen was scathing in his recent assessment of Red Bull's reliability-wrecked season so far. "We are already miles behind," he said. "I don’t even want to think about the championship fight at the moment, I think it is more important to finish races. "We didn’t even finish the race so it’s pretty frustrating and unacceptable. These kinds of things, if you want to fight for the title, cannot happen."