Marine Le Pen’s recent rejection of some journalists from her headquarters on Sunday and her possible rise to the European Union presidency, if she were elected French president, has the presidential candidate on the hit list. Amid fears her presidency would look like a “authoritarian regime”, Macron allies have been defending Macron’s track record and hitting out at Le Pen’s agenda on all fronts. French politicians and former minister Eric Woerth came to grips with Le Pen’s Europe and freedoms agenda on French TV channel Public Sénat. French politician Eric Woerth lashed out: “Do we want to, do we consider that we should be alone in the whole world as Madame Le Pen would like?” “And she would do it, if she was elected, as soon as she was elected, because she would then be president of Europe.” “She would get angry with almost all the European leaders, including the German leader, about whom she says she has no respect.” Pro-EU President Emmanuel Macron is currently holding the rotating presidency of the EU Council with the hope of passing an EU-wide minimum wage and a carbon tax aimed at online giants from outside the EU. Eurosceptic Marine Le Pen claims she abandoned her plans of ‘Frexit’ – France formally leaving the EU - and wants to renegotiate the European treaties to give member states more power. Amid the Ukraine-Russia war, her potential election also has NATO worried, as France is the EU’s only nuclear power in the alliance. READ MORE: Macron dubs Le Pen election showdown a 'referendum on Europe' Mr Woerth continued: “And then she would agree with Mr Putin, because she said so and wrote it.” Ms Le Pen has tried to distance herself from Putin after a campaign leaflet featured of photo of her shaking hands several days before the 2017 presidential election. In a CNN interview, she told Christiane Amanpour in 2017 that Russia hadn’t invaded Ukraine’s region of Crimea given that a referendum was held to join Russia: “the people (of Crimea) feel Russian. The people decided by a great majority that they wanted to belong to Russia.” She also said that Russia could become France’s ally again once the war in Ukraine is over. However, she condemned Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. READ MORE: Putin humiliated: 400,000 secret files leaked as hackers vow to end Ukraine 'aggression' Reflecting on what a Le Pen presidency in France would mean for Europe, Mr Woerth said: “And at that point, what do we do? We see that Europe has failed, we see that France is working with Hungary and Poland?” “That is, two illiberal democracies, that is, in which freedoms are reduced.” “Because the National Front needs to explain the inexplicable, and to explain the inexplicable, at some point, after a certain time, the press is muzzled.” DON'T MISS: Queen's decisive action 'removes any danger' of Harry and Andrew taking on royal duties [REPORT]'I've never seen a president as bad as you!' Furious voter slams Macron in brutal clash [REPORT]Biden 'eating his own words' as Joe’s anti-brexiteer gang now seeing Bloc-leaving benefits [REPORT] Formerly known as the National Front, the far-right party National Rally has changed names as part of a de-demonisation campaign to distance itself from the far right and become more acceptable to French voters. “It's not demonization. It exists in Europe, it's the case of Mr Orbán, it's the case of Poland”, Mr Woerth concluded. Emmanuel Macron is expected to win the election with an eight percent lead over his opponent Marine Le Pen.