With energy bills set to soar, and National Insurance rising this month, Britons are encouraged to check what financial help they are entitled to as any savings could be vital. Having a free bus pass could help people save thousands of pounds each year, especially if they travel frequently each week using the bus. Pensioners are among the group of people who can receive free travel, but it is not just them. There are 10 groups of people being urged to check their eligibility as it could help them save thousands. What groups qualify for a free bus pass? Pensioners currently become eligible for their free bus pass when they reach state pension age - currently 66 years old - in England. READ MORE: ‘A very useful thing’ - Thousands of pensioners missing out on up to £3,000 each year  Some jobseekers can apply for a discount on travel to help them look for work and get to and from interviews. Britons on Universal Credit who are looking for work are entitled to a 50 percent discount on train and bus travel to help them get back into work. At the same time, take up is low in some areas when it comes to the disabled person's bus pass. Their carers could also be entitled to free bus travel depending on where they live. Unclaimed benefits is a huge problem in the UK with millions of people missing out on state benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Campaigners are reminding people there has never been a more important time to check they are receiving all the help they are entitled to. As well as checking whether they qualify for Universal Credit or Pension Credit, Britons should also make sure they are making the most of free benefits such as reduced travel. To apply for a free bus pass people can go to the Government's official website. Britons can also contact their local council to find out what discounted travel schemes are available in their area. In Scotland, people can apply for a younger person’s bus pass by going to the Transport Scotland website. Students may be able to get a free railcard if they have a student bank account. Jobseekers can speak to their work coach or leave a note in their journal.