Priya (played by Fiona Wade) has been struggling for the past few months on Emmerdale in wake of the fire at the maze last year. Not only does she have scars on her back which will stay with her for the rest of her life, but she has also suffered a relapse with her eating disorder and she has had to bid farewell to her lover, Ellis Chapman (Aaron Anthony) after he moved away from the village. No wonder this would all take a toll on her and she would have wanted to find a way to work through it, which could have meant turning to drugs to make calm her thoughts. Unfortunately, this might have turned into an addiction in the past few months on the ITV soap and in the latest episode of the weeknight serial drama, her secret could have been discovered. The episode began with the businesswoman annoyed with her brother, as his lifted spirits meant she was struggling to get work done. Jai (Chris Bisson) was beaming after getting Kim Tate (Claire King) to overturn her stance on zero-hour contracts, which led to his romantic reunion with Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy). However, it seemed although he was happy with how he was getting his life back on track, Kim wasn't best pleased as her plans to cut costs had failed. Turning up at the Take A Vow offices to have a meeting with Priya, the owner of Home Farm made it clear she was going to get her revenge on Jai. He didn't too much of it but when he returned to the offices to retrieve his wallet, his partner Laurel found a small bag of drugs with it. READ MORE: Casualty theory: Dylan Keogh's secret rumbled in affair twist Laurel accursed Jai of falling into old habits and she was furious she could have ever put her trust back in Jai after giving him another chance. As he tried to defend himself to his other half, Priya seemed to defend her brother, asking Laurel to "hear him out." With the businessman standing by the fact he wasn't on drugs, the camera kept flitting to his sister, who looked awfully suspicious. The next time she was seen was after Jai and Laurel had a chat at home about the drugs discovery and having had enough, the latter was throwing her partner out. In the middle of the village, he was starting to accuse Kim of setting him up, having supposedly planted the drugs when she had her meeting with his sister. As Laurel tried to find holes in Jai's defence, he asked his sister to explain what Kim was like earlier in the day after she declared war on him. Not helping the situation, as it seems she had something to hide, Priya kept her answer very minimal to ensure she didn't give anything away. With her brother already in the frame, she played along as she didn't want anyone to think she might have a drug problem. Priya replied to her brother: "Kim was Kim. You know, sniping at everyone like she always does but Jai, it is you I am worried about. "And if you have relapsed, you know I am here for you, right?" she continued as she played the doting sister to the businessman. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Malandra Burrows admits 'heartbreak' over cancer diagnosis [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker bids sad farewell to co-star Paige Sandhu [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Katie Hill told to go back home by bosses after blunder [COMMENT] Shocked by his sister's reluctance to defend him, Jai replied: "How can you say that?" The businesswoman stated: "It's just the way you were acting earlier," to which he said: "What? Because I was singing and dancing around the office because I'd finally got my life back on track?" Laurel was unconvinced and claimed her partner was high, infuriating him even more and by the end of the episode, she wanted nothing to do with him. As her brother screamed at the door, Priya said: "Come on, Jai, let's go home," and it was clear she was panicked about something. With Jai venting how he was going to get his revenge on Kim, it seemed his sister might have got away with harbouring her addiction. But the worry on her face over Jai's plans for Kim might have been because she didn't want him to do something he might regret, especially when the owner of Home Farm had no involvement whatsoever. Worrying this rivalry could go too far, Priya could finally confess to her brother she is the one with the drug addiction. Jai wouldn't have ever thought his sister would have gone down the same path as him but her own challenges in life will have pushed her to turn to narcotics. She could tell her brother how drugs have helped with her pain and allowed her thoughts to relax over her eating habits. Not wanting his sister's secret to be exposed by anyone, Jai could agree to take the wrap for her and tell everyone he has relapsed. However, will protecting his sister end his relationship and his career? Jai would make the condition if he did take the wrap for Priya, she needed to go to rehab to ensure she kicked the habit before it got worse. The mother of one could agree to this but whether or not she goes through with getting professional help could be a new twist in the tale. Earlier this year, the producer for the show, Laura Shaw, teased there was going to be trouble on the horizon for Jai in an interview with Express.co.uk and other media. Laura explained: "We know how Jai can struggle when he's on the back foot and not winning at life – so will this send him spiralling back to his old ways and will we see a darker Jai emerge from all this?" Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.