Gardening expert Alan Titchmarsh has shared another video on his Instagram of his garden. In mid-February, the 72-year-old shared a video of the plant from his garden. The video was liked by more than 7,600 people and received lots of comments. Alan said in the caption of the video: “Gloriously fragrant Daphne!” “I planted this Daphne a good few years ago now. “It’s a Daphne bholua and it’s called Peter Smithers. “And if I could only transmit to you the glorious fragrance on a bush which is absolutely wreathed in flowers. READ MORE: Appliances to switch off before going on holiday - unplug toasters “This bush is fully eight feet tall. “It’s covered in blossom. “And when I walked down this little grassy path which runs alongside it - it’s divine. “If you can find Daphne bholua and you can find Peter Smithers, you’ll be ever so glad.”  DON'T MISSKill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water [INSIGHT]Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer: Couple spend £17k to boost bungalow value [ANALYSIS] Daphne bholua “Peter Smithers” a medium-sized shrub with long, oval leathery leaves. Alan’s video was inundated with positive comments from his fans and followers. Instagram user Ali Bailey said: “It’s stunning, mine’s just opening now for the first time.” Julie Stephenson said: Oh yes, how divine. Mine’s in full bloom and fragrance.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Georgia Loizou said: “Just bought one and it’s blossoming and gorgeous!” Priscilla wrote: “Looks like a really beautiful plant. “They have a lovely perfume too, just brilliant.” Gaye Martin commented: “My beautiful Daphne has been flowering since before Christmas.”  Daphne bholua “Peter Smithers” has an incredible fragrance and is known for its purply pink flowers. They produce black berries after they blossom. The plant likes full sun and partial shade and a sheltered position. All parts of this plant a highly toxic if ingested and the sap may irritate the skin.