The A2 Jubilee Way is closed coast-bound as lorries wait for ferry services, which are severely disrupted. On Friday, traffic also stretched for miles on the M2 and M20, and is also affecting buses. On Saturday, the A2 Jubilee Way is currently shut between the Whitfield roundabout and the Eastern Docks roundabout, with congestion stretching back to London Road in Dover. A Department for Transport spokesman said: "We are aware of queues at Dover, and the Kent Resilience Forum and local partners are working to minimise any disruption by deploying temporary traffic-management measures as standard." An updater from P&O Ferries on Twitter also said on Saturday: “Services (between Dover and Calais) today remain cancelled. Please arrive as booked, we will get you away on an alternative carrier asap. “Once at the port please head to the DFDS (Dover) or P&O (Calais) check in booths. We apologise for the inconvenience this may cause.” Twitter user @sophielougough said: “Don’t come to Dover all routes in are completely gridlocked.” Operation Brock is the traffic management system in Kent, England, used to supplement Operation Stack during cross-Channel traffic problems. It was reinstated following reduced ferry operations in the Port of Dover due to the sacking of staff at P&O Ferries. As a result parts of the A2 and M20 have been closed to create a two way traffic system, and all freight traffic heading to the coast must follow the coned area on the M20 between J8, Leeds Castle and Maidstone services, and J9, Ashford. Meanwhile, all other traffic not heading for a channel crossing and non freight traffic must use the contraflow found on the other side. As well as this, a 50mph speed limit has also been implemented in the area. National Highways said the move has been introduced as a precaution and to "improve Kent's resilience”. Nicky Potts, head of operational integration for National Highways, said in a statement to KentLive : “Ensuring the smooth flow of traffic through Kent is a top priority and we are keeping the deployment of Operation Brock under continual review. “Any decision to remove the barrier will be taken jointly, and we are in constant contact with the government and all our partners in Kent." Kent Online also reported the M20 is being used to hold lorries and remains closed coast-bound between junction 8 for Leeds Castle and junction 9 for Ashford. The motorway is closed to all non-freight traffic heading to the coast, but the London-bound side remains open. In Folkestone, the Roundhill Tunnel is also shut coast-bound to prevent stationary queues inside the tunnel from junction 13 of the M20 for Folkestone to the A260 Canterbury Road. The A20 is also closed east-bound due to the build-up of lorries trying to access the Channel Tunnel. It comes as criminal and civil investigations have been opened into P&O Ferries after it sacked 786 employees in March. In a letter to Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng, the Insolvency Service confirmed it was investigating the circumstances surrounding the mass redundancies. Currently, services from P&O ferries are suspended in Kent as well as in other ports.