Manchester United hero Paul Scholes has revealed he had a frosty chat with Jesse Lingard after leaking to DAZN viewers that the Red Devils dressing room was a “disaster.” Scholes’ original comments came as he namechecked the United forward.  “I had a quick chat with Jesse the other day,” Scholes said on Saturday. “I’m sure he won’t mind me saying - the dressing room is just a disaster.” Lingard was clearly unhappy that the former midfielder had thrown him under the bus. And the two have clearly now had words. “I’ve had a little bit of stick for that,” Scholes told talkSPORT. “I don’t know why I did it. Honestly, sometimes words just come out your mouth. I have spoken to him since and probably best I don’t tell you what he said.” Lingard has endured a miserable season at Old Trafford and has started just three Premier League games. And he looks set to leave the club at the end of the campaign when his contract expires. The 29-year-old enjoyed a fecund spell on loan with West Ham last season as he racked-up nine goals and five assists for the Hammers. But he has cut a frustrated figure in Manchester this time around as he has struggled for opportunities. READ MORE: Terry tells Chelsea to give in to Rudiger's demands ahead of exit  On Saturday, Lingard came off the bench for 13 minutes as the Red Devils took on Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium. But Ralf Rangnick’s side were already 3-1 down by the time the England international took to the pitch - and the ace was unable to help his side turn the match around. United were dismal once again in the capital as Nuno Tavares put the Gunners ahead inside the opening two minutes, before Bukayo Saka doubled the hosts’ advantage from the penalty spot just after the half-hour mark. Cristiano Ronaldo pulled a goal back for United moments later, but Granit Xhaka’s thumping effort 20 minutes from the end put the game to bed. DON'T MISS Four stars Man Utd and Chelsea could fight for if Declan Rice stays Terry tells Chelsea to give in to Rudiger's demands ahead of exit Arsenal handed striker transfer boost with club 'ready to cash in'   That defeat came just days after the 13-time Premier League champions had been humbled 4-0 by Liverpool. And United’s hopes of securing a top-four finish have been shattered once and for all. United have won just two of their last eight top flight matches. And their season has fizzled out over the last few months after they exited the FA Cup in the fourth round at the hands of Middlesbrough in February. The Red Devils were also dispatched in the Champions League round of 16 - and there has been precious little for the team to celebrate since Rangnick took charge on an interim basis. Ajax boss Erik ten Hag is set to take over at Old Trafford this summer. But he certainly has his work cut out if he is to restore United to their former glory after nearly a decade in the wilderness. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here