Motorists are being warned that they may now face emissions-based parking charges, meaning petrol and diesel drivers may be paying as much as £33.50 to park. And drivers of those cars are furious that they will be charged three times as much as ECV owners. The parking charges, already put into place in Lewisham, are split up into bands which categorise which vehicles will have to pay based on how environmentally friendly their car is. The maximum charge is £33.50 for those wanting to pay for up to nine hours, who have a non Euro 6 compliant diesel vehicle. In comparison, cars in Band 1 which release less than 100g/km of CO2 will only pay £1.50 for parking. And after Express.co.uk reported on the charges, many drivers took to the site to vent their anger. READ MORE: Electric car driver fined £100 after charging for just five minutes Reader ‘Expert’ said: “I think there is going to be an uprising over policies like this, Green now looks like mud to many in this country. “Green is now a rich man's way to have our roads to themselves. If we can not use our roads then nor will the rich.” ‘Babyboomer’ added: “Lewisham Council would be better served spending all this spare time they clearly have, dealing with their crime-addled borough rather than pick on drivers looking to park their vehicle!” Meanwhile others suggested that profits rather than the environment might be the priority. DON'T MISSLand Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist [SHOCKING]Hydrogen cars could cause a ‘nasty explosion’ if involved in a crash [INSIGHT]Diesel drivers face new parking costs three times higher than EVs [WARNING]  ‘KDave’ commented: “So petrol and diesel drivers are forced to pay car tax on their cars' emissions and are now forced to pay for their emissions in the form of parking surcharges! “It's a bit like going into a restaurant paying for a meal, then having to pay again to have the plates cleared up and washed!” ‘Womble68’ added: “Don't forget they are charging you for your emissions too so there'll be a nice hefty charge to pay when you visit the toilet!” And some readers were angry with the council for putting the charges in place already. ‘Jon Joe’ wrote: “The councils are supposed to represent the people, they seem obsessed with money, yet services don’t improve, there is something seriously wrong here. “All the money they make, yet invent even more charges and then plead poverty, all in the so-called name of saving the planet, the biggest con and guarantee to make money, time they were taken to task enough is enough.” ‘Dwwills’ added: “Council car parking revenue forecasts are way off. Once car park fees go up, fewer people park there, they find other places, out of town! “So this results in fewer people in that area, less money spent and a downward spiral is accelerated.” ‘HueJ’ wrote: “This whole Green thing is just a con for rich people to have traffic free driving because the normal folk just cannot afford all of this...cars. heat pumps. “I certainly do not have 40 odd grand laying around for this nonsense.” ‘Petedcab’ added: “Parked cars don't emit anything, so how can they charge for emissions?” And ‘G.O.M’ said simply: “This is blatant discrimination, they need to be taken to task over this.”