Manchester United transfer targets are asking the club’s hierarchy who the next head coach will be before deciding their future, according to reports. The Red Devils are still interviewing candidates to become their permanent boss with Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino understood to be the favourites to win the job. United have one eye on the summer transfer window but might be struggling to prepare a shortlist of targets without a manager in place. Ten Hag and Pochettino have entered the final stage of the hiring process and have no doubt suggested potential arrivals. Those in charge of transfers at the club have reportedly already sounded out possible signings. But due diligence is believed to have become difficult as players want to know which manager they will be playing for. According to The National, United want a new man in place soon so that transfer targets have clarity over the club’s short-term future. They can then plan ahead for next season.   JUST IN: Arsenal told to sign 'perfect fit' Abraham as striker teases PL return Several reports in England have suggested that Ajax head coach Ten Hag leads the race to become the next manager. It will end a five-month search for a permanent boss following the November dismissal of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Interim manager Ralf Rangnick has overseen a difficult few weeks for the club, which has seen the knocked out of the Champions League and stutter in the race for the Premier League’s top four. United were lacklustre in their 1-1 draw with Leicester on Saturday. The same publication claims that Rangnick has been told to focus on improving the team’s form in the final month of the campaign, despite that the German is supposed to move into a consultancy role within the Old Trafford hierarchy in the summer.   DON'T MISS...Arsenal legend Vieira tipped to manage Gunners for three key reasonsMan Utd urged to join race for PSG 'leader' Kylian MbappeChelsea fans warned of conduct by Courtois ahead of Madrid clash The former Red Bull director of football has though told the club that they must focus on improving the squad’s physicality during the off-season. He said after the draw with Leicester: “I don’t think we have a lack of character but what was obvious in some parts of the game is that we were second best with regards to physicality. It was about one on one duels. “We spoke about that counter-attacking moment we had ourselves where they tackled us twice, within two seconds [and went on to score] and the same was true in quite a few other moments. “Whenever there was body contact, we were too often we were second best. This is something we have to get better at for the rest of this season but even more so for the next season.”