The Prime Minister was speaking after images emerged of mass graves in the town of Bucha outside of Kiyv and reports of rape and torture being used by Russians as weapons of war. Russian forces retreated from the town over the weekend to refocus their attacks in other parts of the country. When Ukrainian troops re-entered the town they found dead civilians left strewn across streets and evidence of apparent executions. The developments have been met with horror around the world, with Western allies vowing to introduce more sanctions against Russia as punishment. Reacting with outrage today, Mr Johnson said: "I'm afraid when you look at what's happening in Bucha, the revelations that we are seeing from what Putin has done in Ukraine doesn't look far short of genocide to me." He added: "It is no wonder people are responding in the way that they are. READ MORE ON OUR UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "I have no doubt that the international community, Britain very much in the front rank, will be moving again in lockstep to impose more sanctions and more penalties on Vladimir Putin's regime." His remarks are the strongest condemnation of Moscow issued by the UK so far. Britain has a long-standing policy of not referring to acts as "genocide" unless it is prescribed by an international court of law. But Mr Johnson showed little restraint in regards to the stance today as he lashed out at Vladimir Putin. Last night the Prime Minister also made a direct appeal to the Russian people to find out the truth about the atrocities committed in Ukraine. He said the actions of Putin on the ground were "sickening" and "a stain on the honour of Russia". DON'T MISS:POLL: Would you pay more for energy bills to cut off ALL Russian gas? [VOTE]UN savaged as Sajid Javid says more should be done to help Ukraine [REACTION]Russia sanctions: Inside brutal impact as Moscow's economy buckles [INSIGHT] In a video released on social media with Russian subtitles, he said: "Civilians massacred – shot dead with their hands tied; women raped in front of their young children, bodies crudely burned, dumped in mass graves, or just left lying in the street. "The reports are so shocking, so sickening, it’s no wonder your government is seeking to hide them from you. "Your president knows that if you could see what was happening, you would not support his war." The Kremlin has denied being responsible for the deaths in Bucha. It has accused Ukraine of faking the images of the butchery, accusing evidence of war crimes of being a "monstrous forgery". Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said: "It is a forgery aimed at denigrating the Russian army - and it will not work." "We once again urge the international community: detach yourself from such emotional perceptions and think with your head," he added. "Compare the facts and understand what a monstrous forgery we are dealing with."