In several UK counties, over 30 percent of serial knife offenders in the last five years avoided jail time, as the Labour leader warned of a “victims’ crisis”. Sir Keir vowed to “restore faith in law and order” as he described a Tory 2015 pledge to imprison repeat knife criminals as “in tatters”.  According to national crime figures, 44 percent of serial knife offenders escaped a prison sentence last year and repeat offences increased from 12 percent in June 2011 to 18 percent over ten years, reported The Mirror. Former lawyer Sir Keir addressed the problem: “As Director of Public Prosecutions, I saw the essential value of victims’ knowing they would be backed to the hilt until justice was served. “The Conservatives have decimated the system.” Shadow Justice Secretary Steve Reed added: “This data proves bungling Dominic Raab (Justice Secretary) and this law-breaking Conservative Government are soft on crime.  "Time and again, the Conservatives have broken their promises to tackle knife crime. “We’ll create police hubs and neighbourhood prevention teams to make your area safe again.” Over a third of serial knife offenders avoided jail in 16 counties and regions.  READ MORE: Russian fury grows over missing crew from Moskva warship Those with the highest rate of avoidance were Devon and Cornwall (38 percent), Dorset (38 percent), Sussex (41 percent) and Gloucestershire (41 percent). Boris Johnson’s Government hit back, claiming: “Those caught with a knife are more likely to be sent to jail than a decade ago.” The Prime Minister has been under intense pressure recently as more information about the Downing Street partygate scandal emerged.  DON'T MISS:Putin launches onslaught on Ukraine as masses of troops storm Donbas [RUSSIA]Five clubs Philippe Coutinho could join with Aston Villa move unlikely [SPORT]Miriam Margolyes vows to arbitrate between Emma Watson and JK Rowling [SPOTLIGHT] Both Mr Johnson and the Chancellor Rishi Sunak received fixed penalty notices for attending a party during lockdown, when such gatherings were illegal. The PM is expected to receive more fines and may have to face down a Commons rebellion if the privileges committee decides to investigate. If he is found to have misled Parliament over partygate, he could be suspended or even expelled from the Commons, reports state. 