The Queen became the longest-reigning British Monarch in 2015 as she surpassed the reign of her great-great-grandmother Victoria. But after the 95-year-old stopped embarking on international royal tours, expert Robert Jobson has claimed this was a sign of Prince Charles stepping up. Speaking to Us Weekly's Royally Us, Mr Jobson said: "The Prince of Wales has been doing it for some time. "The Queen really hasn't had any international travel for many, many years now since 2016. "I think that there's been a dual monarchy since then although it's not been said. "Prince William has certainly been stepping up to the plate alongside Catherine and the Duchess of Cornwall. "All the members of the Royal Family have has to do that to support the Queen but also in light of the death of the Duke of Edinburgh." READ MORE: Prince Charles health: Swollen hands gave him ‘sausage fingers’ However, it is "unlikely" the Queen will hand over her crown, according to royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti. He told Express.co.uk: "I think it would be wrong of us to second guess that especially at the moment when the Queen is going through a period of rest. "I also think that it's unlikely that she would abdicate. "She's always been very clear that that is not part of how she sees the role. "But it is true that she started to share more of the duties and more publicly so with other members of the family. "I do think it's a sensible and natural part of that, Prince Charles should be doing more. "When he accompanies her to the state opening of Parliament even before Prince Philip had passed, we saw in a way he learned on the job. "I think that's one of the features that work so well with a hereditary head of state." DON'T MISS 'You used to shout at me so much' Harry jokes with Sandhurst PTI [VIDEO]Queen's uncle Edward VIII 'actively engaged' with plot to oust royals [INSIGHT]Meghan told to 'address thorny family issues' on Archetypes podcast [ANALYSIS] But royal commentator Sarah Vine has insisted the monarch should hand the reins over to Prince Charles and enjoy retirement. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mail+, Ms Vine said: "She could just retire and hand over to Charles. She doesn't have to die to do that, does she? "She could just say, 'I'm still Queen'. That's what I think would be the sensible thing. "I think he would have the chance to establish himself under her watchful eye and we'll all get used to the idea. "And when she very sadly does die, it will be a very sad event but it won't be a catastrophic headache."