  Jay McGuiness paid tribute to his late friend Tom Parker in a poignant Instagram post this evening after The Wanted singer died last week. The former Strictly winner called his former bandmate “fearless” and said he was “so loved”.      Jay, 31, took to Instagram to share his moving post about Tom with his 240,000 followers. Next to a picture of the late star he wrote: “Tom, I miss you so much. “I don’t know where you are now, but I am so honoured we got to spend time together on earth. An honour. “I keep reminding myself to be grateful for that time, and I really really am. I am. READ MORE: Max Verstappen’s love Kelly Piquet helped him through 'severe Otitis'     “You knew how to live life, fearlessly and with heart,” he continued. “You were so reassuring to be around. What a man. “I can’t believe that it’s all memories now, every single memory now is priceless. “Life is a gift and you made use of yours in the most powerful ways, you made your dreams come true, you found the love of your life, you brought two beautiful humans down to earth, you sang so so powerfully and beautifully and that will never die.”     “Everyone remembers the day they met you,” the singer reflected. “You didn’t slip into anyone’s life quietly, you hit them like a ton of bricks and looked them square in the eyes. “You talked to absolutely everyone as if they were no more and no less than you. “What a man. You really took your place in the world and you are so loved. READ MORE... Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [LATEST] Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer [INSIGHT] The Chase's Mark Labbett bids a relieved farewell to Richard Osman [UPDATE]     “I just wish you had more time, that’s selfish. You did amazing things. I just miss you. “Thank you for always being there for me, without fail, always turning up, always looking out, always setting me straight lol. “Ok enough. Give ‘em Hell. I love you forever. from JayBird.” (sic) Jay also included a picture of Tom on his story with The Wanted song Gold Forever playing in the background.      The lyrics Tom sings during the bridge could be heard, as the text read: “I won't, I won't let your memory go cause your colours they burn so bright.” Last Wednesday, Tom’s widow Kelsey Hardwick shared the devastating news her husband had died. Tom told fans in 2020 he had been diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour. He is best remembered for being a member of The Wanted alongside Jay, Make George, Siva Kaneswaran and Nathan Sykes.   