Tom Parker’s wife, Kelsey Parker, 32, has set up a donation page in memory of her late husband and The Wanted singer. In an Instagram post, Kelsey urged fans to donate to a worthy cause in Tom’s name following his devastating death from an inoperable brain tumour two years after his brain cancer diagnosis.  She set up a GoFundMe page following Tom’s tragic death earlier this week.  Tom lost his battle with brain cancer at the age of 33.  Kelsey has received endless support since then.  In view of her 242,000 followers, Kelsey thanked her fans and followers for all their support. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show She wrote: “Words can’t express how much all of your love and support means right now. "We are overwhelmed by everyone’s generosity. “We have set up a donations page for those of you wishing to donate in Tom’s memory. “Thank you from the bottom of our hearts. "In loving memory of my husband Tom Parker." Kelsey then added a link to the donation page so that people could contribute in memory of Tom. She has already raised over £10,000 for the cause. Many who donated have commented on the impact which Tom has made. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] @Nicolalaycock wrote on Kelsey’s post: “I’ve never been moved by the passing of a celeb like I have Tom’s. Just seen him on Pointless Celebs what a hero. Sending you so much strength @Thaiarajux said: “I love you all so much kels! tom means a lot for me, my heart is broken and i’m so sad, but i’m sending all my love and all support for your family! you’re so strong, thanks for that. Love you.” (sic) @Michellewilliamsmusic penned: “You are amazing and all our thoughts and love are with you and your beautiful family.” In the bio of the donations page, Kelsey penned: “As many of you know, Tom was diagnosed with a brain tumour in October 2020. “And on Wednesday 30th March 2022 he passed away peacefully with all of his closest friends and family by his side. She added: "Our hearts are truly broken, Tom was the centre of our world and we can't imagine life without him. “One of the biggest sources of comfort over the last two years has been the outpouring of love and support we’ve all received. "We can’t thank everyone enough for holding Tom, myself and the children in your thoughts and prayers, for lighting candles and sharing beautiful messages of hope and condolence. "We want to take everyone’s incredible love, support and generosity and turn our grief into something positive and to keep Tom’s memory alive forever," she ended the post.