Dr Laila Kaikavoosi is a GP and menopause specialist, as well as the founder of the UK’s first online menopause clinic, the Online Menopause Centre. She spoke to Express.co.uk about how women going through the menopause can avoid weight gain by eating and avoiding certain foods.  What is important to remember, Dr Laila stressed, is that the female body changes once it enters menopause, so a diet which might have worked for someone in the past, might not necessarily work again. She explained: “The dramatic and permanent drop in female hormones, as well as the commonly increase in levels of cortisol, play an important role in the process of weight gain in older women. “Therefore, the same diet which could have helped reduce weight in the past may not work at the time of menopause. “Women need to work on reducing their cortisol level. Cortisol is one of the adrenal hormones which is known as the ‘stress’ hormone and can prevent sugar metabolism. READ MORE: Michael Mosley says 'quality protein' is 'very effective' way to slim “Women can begin to lose weight by increasing their physical activity, reducing alcohol, fatty and sugary food intake, and reducing their stress levels and paying attention to their sleep.” Dr Laila highlighted that it is a good idea to “speak with a nutritionist or a healthcare professional who can guide you with how to gently substitute certain calorific food types with more nutritious and beneficial ones”. “Women should think about a more plant-based diet as they enter menopause,” she continued. “Good fats like nuts, avocado and oily fish – mackerel, sardines, and salmon – help to balance hormones and benefit heart and brain health. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton rewears £1400 worth of clothes for today's appearance [PICTURES]Tomatoes: Monty Don on how to 'maximise quantity' of tomato harvest [VIDEO]Sarah Beeny: How to increase value of home to sell - make 5 changes [EXPERT] “Stomach acid can reduce with age leading to digestion difficulties and emergence of food intolerances. “It is therefore beneficial to incorporate natural probiotics like fermented foods – kimchi, kefir, sauerkraut – into the diet.” As for a recommended meal plan, Dr Laila said that “ideally a meal plan needs to be tailor made for individual women”. “Several different aspects of their health need to be considered to reach the best plan,” she added. “For example, their medical history, presence of any chronic diseases like diabetes and heart disease, hormone levels, their current and ideal weight and a few other important factors need to be looked at.” When women over 50 gain weight, it is likely it will be around their waist or on their stomach. According to Dr Laila, one of the best ways to reduce this weight is to “increase physical activity and cardiovascular exercises like jogging, fast walking, swimming, cycling”. Women should also “pay attention to the types and quantity of food intake”. “There should be less processed, animal products, sugars and simple carbohydrates and more plant based, complex carbohydrates and good fats,” said Dr Laila. She continued: “Alcohol is also a high calorie, but nutritionally empty drink and its intake should be kept to a minimum. “It is also extremely important to keep cortisol and stress levels low by taking part in mindfulness exercises like yoga, walking in nature and meditation. “A good night’s sleep is also an important factor in keeping weight under control,” the doctor added.