Prices across the UK are rising at their fastest rate for 30 years, driven by a sharp increase in petrol and diesel costs. Petrol prices have risen by more than 12 pence per litre between February and March, the largest monthly rise in prices since records began in 1990, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). A new poll commissioned by the Liberal Democrats reveals three in four people (75 percent) think the Government has not done enough to help them afford petrol prices. Those who think the Government has not done enough on fuel prices include 77 percent of Conservative voters. Liberal Democrat Transport spokesperson Sarah Olney MP told Express.co.uk: “Rishi Sunak is more con man than Conservative. His half-hearted attempt to cut fuel prices is a complete joke. “Clearly this Government thinks they can take the British people for granted. “It is time Rishi Sunak did the decent thing and resigned. This is a law-breaking and tax-hiking Chancellor, who is now too busy trying to save his own job rather than saving households struggling with rising prices. “Enough is enough, we need a new Chancellor who will reverse tax hikes and finally get a grip of this cost of living crisis.” The cost of living is expected to rise even further after the energy price cap increase sets in, driving up gas and electricity bills for millions. The energy price cap, which was raised on April 1, is expected to increase energy bills by an average of £700-a-year. Pressure is mounting on the Government to act as prices outrun wages. The Liberal Democrats are calling for the Government to slash VAT on fuel and all household goods in a move that would save the average family £600 a year. The plans would also give a boost to struggling high street businesses by encouraging spending, and help keep inflation under control by reducing prices in the shops. The criticism and pressure comes at a difficult time for the embattled Chancellor, who has seen his approval rating plummet in the last month. Polling by Savanta ComRes found that Mr Sunak now has a net favorability rating of -20, one point lower than Boris Johnson. Both Mr Sunak and Mr Johnson rejected calls to resign this week after being fined by police for breaking lockdown rules in Downing Street in June 2020. But Mr Sunak’s popularity has taken a sharper turn due to negative public reaction to his Spring Statement, controversies over his wife’s status as a non-dom, and revelations that he was a US green card holder whilst in office. The Liberal Democrats say recent events have seriously damaged Tory support in former true blue heartlands ahead of the May local elections. The rocketing cost of living has been a key issue ahead of the elections. Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey said: “Families are facing soaring energy bills and desperately need a tax cut to help them make ends meet. “But instead of helping, the Conservatives are breaking their promises by raising taxes again and again. “These elections are an opportunity to send a message to this Conservative government that they can’t afford to take people for granted any longer. “Right across the country, people are turning to the Liberal Democrats because they know we will listen and stand up for you and your community. “We will fight for a fair deal that puts money into the pockets of struggling families through an emergency tax cut.” The polls will take place on May 5, when votes will be held to elect local councils in England, Wales and Scotland, and the government in Northern Ireland. A Government spokesperson said: "This is the largest cut across all fuel duty rates ever - a tax cut worth £5 billion a year, when combined with the freeze in 2022-23. “We understand that people are struggling with the rising cost of living, and while we can’t shield everyone from the global challenges we face, we're supporting British families to navigate the months ahead with a £22billion package of support. "This includes boosting the incomes of the lowest paid through a rise in the National Living Wage, saving a typical employee over £330 a year by increasing National Insurance thresholds, and providing millions of households with up to £350 to help with rising energy bills.”