The missing British photographer – snatched by the Islamic State “Beatles” 10 years ago – told his loved ones in a letter smuggled out of Syria he feared being murdered if the money was not handed over. His captors, led by Jihadi John – real name was Mohammed Emwazi – were demanding the huge sum for the release of the six British and US hostages. The gang claiming those governments were “the most hated” by ISIS. Cantlie, who would now be 51, is reported in the letter to have said: “The amount is extremely high but it is the only way the rest of us here will ever be released. If the money is not found, we will remain prisoners here until we die, either by natural causes or executions.” The handwritten message was secretly delivered to Cantlie’s girlfriend in London by Federico Motka, an Italian aid worker who was freed in May 2014 following a multi-million pound payment. It was weeks later that the group began beheading hostages – and the last time Cantlie was seen was in a video filmed at Mosul in Iraq at the end of 2016. The letter is among a cache of previously unseen documents published by US prosecutors. The release followed the conviction in the States on Thursday of El Shafee Elsheikh, 33, the last remaining member of the Beatles gang from the UK to face justice. Hampshire-born Cantlie is understood to have been held in around eight jails. He was kept behind bars in prisons known as the Box, the Swedish Hotel and the Dungeon. The snatched snapper and correspondent covered conflicts in Afghanistan and Libya before heading to Syria in 2012. He was kidnapped in July that year by jihadists, including an NHS hospital doctor, as he and Dutch photographer Jeroen Oerlemans tried to cross the border from Turkey. Cantlie was shot in the arm when he tried to escape. The pair were rescued a week later by a unit of the Free Syrian Army. He returned to Syria in November 2012 – alongside US journalist James Foley, 40, who was beheaded by the terror group – and captured again. There were unconfirmed reports that Cantlie had been killed in 2017 in an airstrike at some point during the battle of Mosul. But Defence Secretary Ben Wallace insisted in February 2019 that he was still alive. But he revealed no evidence and declined to provide British intelligence relating to his location. And there has been no sign of Cantlie following the fall of ISIS in the Middle East.