Gardener August is a chemical-free gardener who shares her stunning garden with the world, as well as her clever gardening tips. August is the founder of Seed Explorers, encouraging children to grow their own food. She is a Raymond Blanc Garden School Tutor and presents on Tring Radio. She told Express.co.uk readers she doesn't remove weeds from her lawn. August, who shares her tips on her Instagram account @Augusts_Garden, said: "I am slightly controversial with the weeds in my lawn and embrace them wholeheartedly. "It’s not all about perfect lawns, I actually find more beauty in the imperfections. "I let large parts of the lawn grow into a wild flower maze for the children to run through and create memories. This is also a great place for the wildlife to hide out and take refuge." August takes great joy in encouraging wildlife into her garden, and this is known to have a number of benefits to the garden. She said: "I want to encourage insects within the garden by letting Mother Nature work her magic, by increasing wildlife and biodiversity we are encouraging the circle of life to fight the battles for us. READ MORE: Freezing weather hits UK in April - 'low-cost' ways to avoid 'disaster' for your plants "There is no better feeling than reaping the benefits on a sunny day laying among the wild flowers and weeds watching the butterflies and bees floating around merrily working away." Insects are beneficial to the garden in various ways. Some help to pollinate your vegetables and flowers, like bees and butterflies. Others feed on insects that eat your plants, such as Ladybirds, which eat aphids. DON'T MISSWhat to plant in your garden: '7 principles' for choosing and placing flowers [MARK LANE] British gardener's must-do gardening jobs for April [EXPERT] 'Kick the lawn into growing season': Start treating your lawns [GRASS] August does remove weeds from her vegetable and flower beds using an organic method. She said: "For weeds in my vegetable and flower beds I go for the good old fashioned method of hand and hoe. "I find weeding so therapeutic and take great pleasure in spending time tackling chickweed lost in my own thoughts. "I grow everything organically and don’t use any chemicals as I want my two girls Posie and Winnie to be able to leisurely picnic on spinach or take a handful of beans and eat them straight from the plant." Not all weeds are bad for the garden, in fact, they have a lot of benefits. Weeds protect the soil by providing ground cover and they also help to fertilise the soil. They attract beneficial weeds and insects and they help to keep soil in good condition. One organic method to get rid of weeds is a Japanese tool, used in horticulture for thousands of years. The hori hori knife was recommended by Nicole Laird is a Peterborough-based cut flower grower, allotmenteer, and dahlia queen. She said: "My favourite way to get weeds out is to use a Japanese Hori Hori knife which can get deep into the ground tackling as much of the root as possible." "Hori hori" means "to dig" in Japanese as the tool was originally designed to dig up plants.