First appearing on baby Lola's cheek, the red rash soon spread across the little one's body. Concerned, mum Danielle, 24, sent a picture to her doctor. "She was a month old when I noticed this little patch of dry skin on her cheek," Danielle recalled. "It would flare up every now and then, but I didn’t think too much of it at first. "I assumed it was just some irritation from her slobbering in the night. "But then, at three months old, I woke up one day and she was trying to scratch herself. She had really dry skin and a rash all over her body." Once the doctor diagnosed Lola with severe eczema, Danielle and her fiancé, Joe Weston, were told to apply hydrocortisone cream to their daughter's skin. Lola's rash, however, got "worse and worse". Danielle could tell her baby was in distress. READ MORE: Cholesterol – A 'strong' genetic link found between anorexia and high-density lipoprotein "She was getting so upset," the mum from Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, said. "It was awful... I was caught between a rock and a hard place. "I would put cream on her skin and it would flare up, all red and swollen, but when I didn’t, her skin would be so dry it started to chap and bleed." At her wits' end, Danielle felt like there was "nothing [she] could do" to help. "My two-year-old [Joey] was running around wanting my attention too," the exasperated mum explained. "It was really hard. I felt so guilty and helpless. Whatever I did seemed to be wrong." In a desperate attempt to stop Lola from scratching her skin, which would make it bleed, she would put socks on her baby girl's hands. "I also started to bath Lola every other day, so it didn’t dry her skin out," added Danielle. Then one of Danielle's friends recommended Balmond’s Skin Salvation. "I thought there was nothing to lose, but I didn’t have much hope," Danielle admitted. “After a patch test, I put it all over her body and the next day, there was no redness or dryness. "After two weeks, the eczema has completely gone. It’s like she never had any problems." Eczema The National Eczema Society said the skin condition affects around 20 percent of children in the UK. Fifty percent of cases can be attributed to a difference in the skin protein known as filaggrin. While there is no cure, treatment includes the use of emollients (medical moisturisers), and it may take several different types before finding the right one that works for your child. Balmond’s Skin Salvation, 30ml, is available for £7.99.