Manchester United could bring in up to 10 players in the summer at the end of the season after a shoddy campaign. Ralf Rangnick has hinted there could be an overhaul in the transfer window with him admitting that four new arrivals would not be enough. United might be on the brink of one of the most audacious summers to have ever been seen at the club after Rangnick's condemnation of the current squad. The German coach admitted that the current squad is not good enough, from defence to midfield to attack. Ahead of Erik ten Hag's likely appointment, the Red Devils have had a nightmare season and are fighting hard to finish in the top four. That is despite the signings of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo last year. But as Rangnick prepares to move upstairs into a consultancy role, he has already delivered some brutal advice. While not naming Ten Hag, he has insisted that a new manager will bring in some stability but the club must go one further by bringing in almost a new squad of players. "The players have to give their very best no matter who the next manager will be, and if he's announced in one or two or three weeks, I don't think that this affects the current situation we're in,” he told Sky Sports. “But yes, of course it's important to know who will be the new manager, because to start the recruitment process, to find the best possible players only makes sense if you know who will be the manager and how does he want to play.” So, who could United turn to in the transfer window? Perhaps their top target going into the summer, there is no denying the talent of Rice anymore as he leads West Ham to one of their best ever seasons after reaching the Europa League semi-finals. A big-money move appears to be his destiny while United are in dire need of a defensive midfielder. The Monaco star is another on the shortlist but considered a back-up target when he should be signed alongside Rice. Having two powerful midfielders such as the West Ham ace and Tchouameni would be revolutionary for the Red Devils, who are incredibly light in that position. Prising Bellingham away from Borussia Dortmund might be improbable as they prepare for the exit of Erling Haaland but the groundwork should be laid over a future deal as soon as possible. The England international is a generational talent and a move to the Premier League beckons in the future - United must make sure they are the destination. The 19-year-old has made a big impression at youth level for Everton while Frank Lampard might be facing several exits this summer after a miserable campaign at Goodison Park. While Branthwaite might be one for the future, that is exactly the kind of profile United must target while Ten Hag has a fine record of developing youngsters. In the same vein of thought, Timber has been making huge strides at Ajax under Ten Hag this season where his versatility across the back four has turned heads. And that is exactly the kind of player that could be a sensation at United under the Dutchman's guidance. One player that can arrive and instantly bolster the United defence is Kimpembe, who has been linked with an exit before. The Paris Saint-Germain star is quick, athletic, wins duels, defensively astute and is just 26 as well as being left-footed, making him a huge asset to any side. Another Ajax raid that has been linked this summer is the arrival of Antony, who could add some spice to United's lifeless attack. With 22 goal contributions this campaign, the 22-year-old could be the missing link that the Red Devils are crying out for. While many might be sceptical of whether Nunez can translate his 25 goals from the Primeira Liga to the Premier League, the impact of Bruno Fernandes will surely convince those that players from Portugal can have a huge impact. And with United desperate for a striker, the Uruguay international might be the ideal profile needed at Old Trafford next year. With Chelsea unable to renew contracts under their current sanctions, United must act quickly to try and prise Rudiger away from the club with his terms expiring at the end of the season. The Germany international has been a rock at the back for Thomas Tuchel while his personality and leadership would be an invaluable boost in the Old Trafford dressing room. One of the biggest talents in Europe right now and a potentially huge asset to Ten Hag in terms of how he likes to play. The Frenchman has 30 goals and 19 assists in a jawdropping campaign for RB Leipzig while he can play on either flank, up front, attacking midfield or deeper - a modern-day star.