Mercedes are unsure whether their car is fast enough to challenge Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc this season even if they solve their porpoising issues. The Silver Arrows said it was “very difficult” to understand where the car is on pure pace alone in a major concern for Lewis Hamilton’s title push. However, Andrew Shovlin, trackside engineering director for Mercedes said sorting out porpoising was still top of their list. He explained: “That’s probably priority number one because that’s ultimately preventing us from running the car where we’d like to run it for optimum performance. What we don’t know is, if we could just magically make that issue vanish, where would we actually be in terms of car pace: is the car fast enough or not? And it’s very difficult to answer that question.” Mercedes has scored just 38 points across two races but still lie second in the constructors' standings after both Red Bull's retireed in Bahrain. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton car a 'bucking bronco' as Red Bull plan not working Hamilton is around 30 points beyond Leclerc in the drivers' standings after a podium in Bahrain was followed by a tenth place finish in Saudi Arabia. Mercedes have tried various solutions to solve the porpoising issues including cutting away at the floor after each stint. However, this risks reducing the car's levels of downforce which would impact lap time. Shovlin added: “If you can solve the problem with the porpoising you don’t need to give up the downforce. The issue is that most teams, I think, to a greater or lesser extent, are trading one for the other. “We did try a cutaway floor in Bahrain test. We tried it on Friday in Bahrain. We think what we ended up with was overall a better solution. But at the moment we’re considering what we’ve done as very much sticking plasters for the problem, and we need to fix the problem in a more effective way that doesn’t just drop performance.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton's remarkable Australian Grand Prix run likely to end [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton and George Russell can play huge part in Mercedes plans [ANALYSIS]F1 chief Rob Smedley eases Lewis Hamilton fears with clear warning [COMMENT] Mercedes have admitted their car is the third-fastest on the grid but understand they have a buffer to the rest of the midfield. Shovlin has claimed the German manufacturer may use this to “experiment” on the car in future races to try and find solutions. It is understood the team will bring a new update to this weekend's Australian Grand Prix. The parts were expected to be introduced for Imola or the Spanish Grand Prix at Barcelona but have been pushed forward. Sky Sports F1 pundit Anthony Davidson added: “The car isn't as good as the Red Bull and the Ferrari, it's in no-mans land. It hovers in the grey area where you can't challenge the front but you're certainly faster than the midfield behind you. "I do expect them to make gains... but it will take time, it's not a quick fix.”