The Prime Minister argues that women should be guaranteed their own changing rooms and he supports women-only areas in places including hospitals and prisons. He says we should give the "maximum possible love and support" to people who do want to change gender but he made it clear he believes there should be "parental involvement at the very least" before under-16s begin "irreversible treatments". Boris Johnson has made a respectful contribution to an important debate. He acknowledged the controversy surrounding these questions of biology and gender but set out his thinking on a difficult subject. Culture wars and the vilification of people with different perspectives and opinions will do nothing to foster empathy and understanding.Yet it is essential that vexing topics can be openly discussed. He wants to ensure women's rights and protections are preserved while seeking to be as fair as possible.This generous, kind and open-hearted nation will support a way forward which secures safety, opportunity and dignity for everyone.   It is horrendous that six hospitals have had to urge patients to stay away from A&E unless they are in "genuine, lifethreatening situations". Once again, the lack of capacity in our NHS has been cruelly exposed.This comes as concern mounts about the disastrous consequences if people who missed out on diagnoses and treatment during the pandemic do not get the help they need. The intense Covid-compounded day-today pressures on the health service must not be allowed to derail urgent work to clear this NHS "backlog". Similarly, it is deeply regrettable if people who believe they need emergency attention are deterred from coming forward. Taxpayers are reaching into their pockets to provide extra billions for the NHS.We dearly hope the cash raised through increased National Insurance contributions will deliver profound results, saving lives and establishing a healthcare system that is not in a state of perpetual crisis. The Duchess of Cornwall yesterday visited Jane Austen's former home and, upon seeing the shirt worn by Colin Firth when he emerged dripping wet from a lake in the classic BBC adaptation of Pride and Prejudice, said it was a "bit sad" he was not still in it. Camilla's husband famously cut a dash as a polo player and was known to grace a surfboard. It would be no surprise if she views him as her own Mr Darcy. 