The BBC Breakfast presenter stunned fans on Monday by announcing he was going to be leaving the popular morning show and joining Channel 5 to become a lead anchor on the 5pm bulletin segment. Speaking to soon-to-be Channel 5 colleague Jeremy Vine on his self-titled morning show, Dan talked about the reaction he's had since the announcement and explained how being part of last year's Strictly Come Dancing helped him become a "better" presenter. "It's obligatory here whenever we've got a former Strictly contestant that we secretly run clips of them while they're speaking about something serious, so we'll do that now," Jeremy laughed as Dan beamed into the studio via video link. As the camera showed Dan with dance partner Nadiya Bychkova rehearsing a routine, Jeremy asked: "Have you spoken to Sian [Williams] yet about the job?" "I did yes," the journalist replied, explaining: "I had a lovely chat with Sian over the weekend. "She's been really kind and brilliant, given me some good advice and I know how much she's loved by the team at 5 News and also by the channel and the audience. READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits "So I know they are significant slippers to step into," he said of his predecessor. Addressing his experience in the dance competition, Dan continued: "You're playing the clip of Strictly there, I know you're a man who did Strictly as well. "I don't know about you Jeremy, but I feel it was a brilliant experience for me and I do feel stuff like that makes you a better presenter. "Because not only do you learn to dance, but you learn a lot about yourself and you get a great friendship with your professional partner, in my case Nadiya. "And I think that's made me a better presenter so I'm looking forward to putting some of those skills to good use at Channel 5." Dan took part in the most recent series of the seasonal programme, making it to week 11 before being eliminated from the competition. Starting the interview earlier on, Jeremy welcomed Dan to the channel, stating: "You're going to love it here." "Thank you very much, Jeremy, I've heard good things about the channel for quite some time," Dan replied. "I know you love it there, so I'm really looking forward to this exciting new chapter." DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Jean Slater in danger after fleeing Walford? [LATEST]Ranvir brutally mocks Prince Andrew 'Who would touch him?' [VIDEO]Richard Madeley baffles Good Morning Britain viewers 'Nonsense' [REACTION] He added: "It's a weird one because as I said in the clip you just played there, I love the BBC. "I love my job at BBC Breakfast, but sometimes there are big opportunities that come along in life, and I always think that you sort of grab them with both hands and see what happens. "So I'm really looking forward to it," he added before talking about the response the news has been met with, admitting he was "amazed people actually care". He went on to say he'd received some "kind messages" as well some saying they were "annoyed" at him for leaving the BBC. "It's something that's going to define what's going to happen to you in the next few years, so it's a big decision and I'm happy I made it," he remarked. Channel 5 posted the news of Dan's career change on Twitter on Monday in a post that read: "Some news to share with you all from us at  @5_News. "@mrdanwalker will be bringing you the news at 5pm every day from now on. "And he's got something to tell you all - watch his video down below." In a clip attached, Dan happily explained his job update and commented: "I am really excited, but this has also been a massive decision for me." BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.