Tesco and Aldi are warning their customers to wash their groceries before eating them. It comes as dust from a Saharan desert dust cloud has settled on some of the fruits and vegetables sold in their stores. Tesco posted a notice on its website urging customers to take action before eating its produce. It said: “Wash your fruit and veg. “Due to the recent winds from the Sahara Desert, a small amount of dust has settled on our Spanish crops. “Please ensure you wash your fruit and veg products before enjoying. READ MORE: New social media scam offers free Cadbury's chocolate - beware “Thank you for supporting our growers and preventing food waste by continuing to buy these products.” Signs have also been spotted in Aldi stores. They read: “Please give your veg an extra rinse. “Due to recent winds from the Sahara Desert, a small amount of dust may have settled in some of our packs. DON'T MISS...Weight loss: How to ‘lose body fat’ without counting calories [EXCLUSIVE]April 2022 horoscopes: What’s in store for each star sign this month [INSIGHT]Easy April Fools' Day pranks: Five simple pranks [UPDATE] “Thank you for supporting our growers and helping to reduce food waste by continuing to buy these products." It comes after Spanish authorities issued "extremely poor air quality ratings" for a large band of the country last month. A mass of hot air from the Sahara dumped dust after crossing the Mediterranean. The dust cloud moved across Europe a couple of weeks ago. People reported glowing orange skies. It comes after Tesco has pledge to help feed the community. The supermarket’s official Twitter account told followers: “This month, whenever you buy fresh fruit & veg, we’ll donate towards meals for children in your community. “Plus, for every five retweets this tweet gets, we’ll donate towards an extra meal.” It comes as the cost of living crisis is set to get worse this month as even-higher energy prices begin. Aldi, on the other hand, are committed to bringing low prices to their everyday essential items. Aldi’s Managing Director of buying Julie Ashfield shared several ways a shopper can reduce the price of their trolley. From red sticker items, to Super 6 fruit and vegetables every two weeks, alongside six fresh meat products on offer every fortnight.