Sue Joyce caused a stir last week when she advertised a volunteer opportunity for someone to help her at The Little Green Pigeon in Stone, Staffordshire. The former veterinary nurse ruffled feathers in the local community when she asked applicants a question about their “vegan journey” in a post on Facebook.  Social media users hit back at the question and accused Ms Joyce of discriminating against vegetarians and meat eaters based on dietary preference. Some users went as far to suggest she could be in breach of the Equality Act, StokeonTrentLive reported. Ms Joyce has since responded to the backlash, clarifying that, as the sanctuary is based at her home, the successful candidate would need to respect her ethical beliefs. As she is vegan herself, the former vet explained that she would only be happy with a volunteer who shared her beliefs working at the sanctuary, where she cares for injured pigeons and other birds. Addressing the criticism in a Facebook post on the Little Green Pigeon site, Ms Joyce said: "Thank you to everyone who has applied for the job, I have already had 15 email applications, you are all fabulous. "The reason there is a little question about ''your vegan journey'' is that Little Green Pigeon is a vegan run company therefore, unless you are vegan, unfortunately you cannot work for us. "Around 10 of you that have applied are vegetarian. I absolutely applaud that, I was a vegetarian for 30 years before I became vegan, for many of us, it's still a journey. "However, unless you are vegan you are wilfully contributing to the abuse and death of billions of cows, hens, cockerels, sheep, goats, geese, ducks, and pigs each day.” Ms Joyce said that claiming to be an “animal lover” while not being vegan was “not true”. She wrote: "Emailing saying you are an animal lover but not actually vegan, well... that's basically not true. That means you love 'some' animals. For example: You can't love all animals then eat an egg because thousands of male chicks will have been gassed to death AT BIRTH so that that egg can get to your plate. READ MORE: Threats to forests as bird number plummets by 90 percent in 40 years "It's not just about animal cruelty either. Take the leather industry, pigs and cattle are bred for leather, it's not a by-product, it's not a sustainable product on many levels, the main one being that animal hide is heavily treated with toxic chemicals to make it last... If it were sustainable it would biodegrade... your car leather seats would simply decompose like skin does. "The cost to the Earth, her waterways and its people is HUGE, the leather industry literally kills aquatic and bird life by the use of chemicals each day, along with causing cancer in humans. "So thank you so much for your applications, thank you so much for your ongoing support, I truly value it... but the fact is, unless you have a vegan lifestyle you cannot be part of our journey." Ms Joyce told StokeonTrentLive that she “didn’t specify the person had to be vegan” but that the volunteer she eventually hired happened to be so. She said: “I interviewed meat eaters but part of the job is to talk at vegan fairs so some of the applicants withdrew because it wasn't for them, and the person I employed so happened to be vegan. I do work with people that aren't vegan. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Boris to confront Scholz TODAY as Germany holds up tanks [LIVE]Russian brewers face crisis as imported hops cut [LATEST]Missile strike hits Ukraine train station during evacuations [BREAKING] "I don't normally take on volunteers but I get so many people asking, I decided to make some days available for someone to come in, and I do ask that they are a vegan.” She added: "As a vegan I get hostility every day, it's par for the course. I just ignore it. People have been here and made inappropriate comments. “The sanctuary is in my home and if I'm inviting someone into my home to teach them about birds, I would like them to be respectful of my ethical belief. I stand by that and I think that's only fair. I don't normally bring veganism onto my page." Ms Joyce has run the sanctuary from her back garden for twelve years. The not-for-profit organisation receives birds from ‘rehab groups’ where they are cared for then released into the wild when they can recover. It relies on donations, as well as funds raised from selling cards and small gifts on its website. Ms Joyce said the media coverage of the row over her recent hiring had in fact done the business a favour, with donations to the Little Green Pigeon shooting up by 40 percent overnight. Additional reporting by Hayley Parker and Aimi Redfern.