An overwhelming 74 per cent say Prince Harry and Meghan should remain at home in California and not take part in any of the events marking Her Majesty’s 70 years of service that will culminate in a four-day bank holiday weekend in early June. It follows the Prince’s latest controversial US television interview last week and a long-running war of words over how they have been treated by the Royal Family, royal aides and the Government. Asked “Should Prince Harry and Meghan stay away from the Jubilee celebrations?” 74 per cent said “Yes”, with 10 per cent answering “Don’t know” and 16 per cent “No”. Reports emerged yesterday the couple and their two children could be offered taxpayer-funded security if they come back for the unique royal celebration. They have been locked in a legal battle with the Government following the withdrawal of their state-funded security team when they quit as working members of the Royal Family and moved to the US. They are likely to be given a Special Escort Group (SEG) and Harry has been “reassured” by the plan after it was used during their UK visit last week, say reports. It was also reported the Prince appeared mollified at the security plans put in place when he and Meghan visited the Queen at Windsor this month. The couple brought over their private bodyguards from the US when they stayed on the Queen’s Windsor estate and received an SEG detail when travelling outside. The SEG provides armed protection to royals and government ministers. It is said to be now likely to be offered to Harry, Meghan and children, Archie, two, and, Lilibet, 10 months, when visiting. Our survey, carried out by market research company Techne UK, who interviewed 1,624 adults across the UK over two days, sent a resounding message to Harry and Meghan. The findings were backed last night by royal biographer Hugo Vickers, who declared: “Yes, they certainly should stay away, in my view. We are supposed to be celebrating our Queen and I think they would detract from that. Wherever Harry and Meghan are, it’s always all about them, and their presence will deflect attention from a very special occasion.” Harry sparked further uproar last week – and was reportedly accused by royal aides of “breathtaking arrogance” – when he said of his private meeting with the Queen: “Just making sure she’s protected and got the right people around her.” He went on to tell NBC interviewer Hoda Kotb that Her Majesty tells him things she feels she cannot tell anyone else, adding: “We have a really special relationship.” The Prince, who replied “I don’t know yet” when asked if he and Meghan will attend the Jubilee, was speaking at the Invictus Games in Holland following a visit to Windsor with his wife to see the Queen. Asked about his mother, Diana, and if he still felt her “presence”, Harry replied: “It’s constant. It has been over the past two years, more so than ever before. It’s almost as if she’s done her bit with my brother and now she’s very much helping me. She’s got him set up and now she’s helping me set up.” Last week’s interview comes little over a year after Harry and Meghan’s infamous tell-all with their friend Oprah Winfrey when they accused an unnamed royal of racism and claimed Meghan’s suicidal thoughts were ignored by Buckinham Palace. Speaking to the Sunday Express, royal author Margaret Holder said: “As such a high proportion of the poll believe Harry and Meghan should stay away from the Jubilee celebrations, perhaps it’s best to ask who should decide. “That person is undoubtedly the Queen as the Jubilee is the recognition of her 70 years’ service. If she wants her prodigal grandson, his wife and family there, they should attend. Her Jubilee, her decision.” But she cautioned: “The Royal Family will be wary of placing trust in him for fear that more of his ‘truth bombs’ might be unleashed either in anger or comedy. Overshadowing the Queen’s birthday could be followed by milking royal connections during the Jubilee celebrations. “Not even the Queen can restrain Harry – something that bodes ill for the future of the House of Windsor.” She added: “This was the week Prince Harry’s soap opera descended into farce. “We now know he sees himself as the Queen’s protector, from 5,500 miles distance in California, and the keeper of her secrets, although he was only too ready to divulge details of their private meeting. “References to his late mother, Diana, show that he regards her as some sort of goddess capable of divine intervention in his and William’s lives. “With his blathering about creating a ‘fairer’, ‘safer’ and ‘more equal’ world, lacking any sense of irony that he speaks from a privileged, wealthy and protected position, he is risking public derision. While his intentions might be noble – and the Invictus Games certainly gives disabledex-military men and women a chance to shine – Harry cannot resist the opportunity to talk to presenters who do not challenge his inconsistencies. “Followed by a Netflix camera team, this games session has no doubt added valuable material to his and Meghan’s film project while under pressure of earning their fee.”