Harrogate Borough Council wants to get the proposal approved today in a move they say is “reasonable” and will improve safety for passengers. However, taxi drivers argue that the policy is too severe and will result in a loss of drivers in the area. Kevin O’Boyle, owner of Central Taxis, described the proposals as "draconian" and said it will become "far too easy" for drivers to lose their licences. He also argued cabbies are more likely to pick up points than regular road users because they spend more time on the roads. Mr O’Boyle said: "There's a serious shortage of taxi drivers and this just isn't going to help. "I've done between two and a half million and three million miles, and the chances of me getting points are much greater than the average driver. READ MORE: Warm weather driving habits could land drivers with fines up to £5,000 "If you're driving in a strange place that you don't know too well, it's easy to drift over the speed limit by a couple of miles per hour," he told the Harrogate Advertiser. Under the proposals, taxi drivers would be given the opportunity to argue their side and give reasons why their licence should not be revoked. Currently, the council said licences are reviewed on "an individual basis when points accumulate". The council added that there is no minimum or maximum time that licences can be revoked for, and that drivers can re-apply at any time. DON'T MISS Man calls towing truck on his neighbour for terrible parking [SHOCKING] Motorists warned not to travel at certain times over Easter [WARNING] New EU driving rule could cost up to £2500 if broken [REVEAL] Speaking at a recent meeting, Gareth Bentley, licensing manager at Harrogate Borough Council, said while he recognised the concerns over a reduction in drivers, this had to be balanced against the safety of passengers. He added that taxi drivers have to be treated differently to regular road users as "they are in an elevated position in terms of looking after people's safety." Mr Bentley said: “There is a higher responsibility and a higher need for us to ensure safety.” The proposals have been put forward as part of new statutory standards from the Department for Transport which all councils are expected to adopt unless there are "compelling reasons" not to. However, the standards do not specify how many penalty points a taxi driver can get before their licence is revoked. This will be up to individual local councils to decide. In Leeds, hundreds of drivers have already gone on strikes over similar proposals that could see them suspended if they get more than six points. Harrogate Borough Council held a consultation on its seven points policy in February and March when it received comments from several drivers. One of the drivers described the plans as "unfair". He said: "It's just another example of one rule for everyone else and one for us as we are at the bottom of the food chain." Another added: "The taxi trade is getting harder year on year with longer hours for less reward and councils are doing nothing to help. "The long-term result will be people leaving the trade." The policy has been recommended for approval by the council's licensing committee.