The Conservative MP had the whip removed from him on Friday following allegations that he had watched pornography in the House of Commons. The accusations were made to the chief whip Chris Heaton-Harris on Tuesday but his identity remained unknown until later in the week. While his anonymity was still being protected, Mr Parish offered to do an interview with GB News to talk about the then unknown porn-watching politician.    During the interview, Mr Parish said: “I think the whip’s office will do a thorough investigation and we will wait and see that result. “I think from that then the decision will have to be made over what action to be taken.” Responding to the interview in light of revelations that it was in fact Mr Parish who was the culprit, GB News Breakfast co-host Anne Diamond said it was “fascinating”. She said: “Now this is fascinating because he himself was on GB News three days ago before we knew who it was we were talking about.”    Co-host Stephen Dixon then says: “Well, I guess he’s not wrong in what he said but the fact that it was him.” Ms Diamond adds: “None of us knew at that point that it was him. He knew it was him. And yet he chose to do a TV interview on that subject without actually saying it was me.” Mr Parish has since claimed he opened the pornography in error and labelled it a “complete mistake”. Though he has referred himself to the parliament’s standards commissioner, he declined to step down from his role as MP for Tiverton & Honiton with the investigation underway. READ MORE: Neil Parish breaks silence after Commons porn claim - 'I apologise' [REVEAL]   Dr John Coulter, a political commentator, later told GB News he believes constituents should be given control over whether MPs resign or stay on following a scandal. He said: “The reality is British parliamentary democracy is fast becoming the laughing stock of domestic Europe. “What we really need to happen in time for these elections is for the moral compass of society to be rebooted. “We should allow the people to choose, not the MPs, over whether they should resign or stay on or whether there should be an inquiry.” DON'T MISS: Is partygate disrupting NATO? PM's controversy causing 'damage' [INSIGHT]Ban scrolling and do your jobs properly, says Ashley Smith [OPINION]Tory MP reveals she was ‘pinned up against a wall by a male MP’ [REVEAL]   He added: “I think if MPs knew that constituents were really going to turn up and vote for them, they would buck up their act. “The big danger is if these porngates, if these partygates are allowed to continue, you’re going to get the electorate turning off the ballot box. “And we risk having representatives elected to their positions with only 15 to 20 percent of the vote. “Because we’re rapidly coming to a cliff edge in terms of public confidence in our parliamentary system.”   