Champions League rules look set to change in controversial circumstances that would favour the "big clubs" over smaller clubs. The FA Cup could become a gateway to the prestigious competition but only for the most elite. In a surprise change of rules to Champions League qualification, the bigger clubs are set to receive a boost in a cruel blow to the smaller sides. The FA Cup will become much more important, though, in an overhaul of the current system. The radical proposals will see a 36-team Champions League come into effect from 2024 that will change from a 32-team competition with eight groups to a single league table. The model will add 100 more games to the season in an astonishing increase on an already demanding football fixture list. And while that will cause controversy, perhaps the most shocking is the almost complete denial of smaller clubs from having any chance of reaching the tournament. That is because a formula based on coefficients will come into play that measure European "success". Those that will be allowed to play in the competition will include two clubs who miss out on a usual spot if they miss out on the top four by one position. The second will also go to whoever wins their domestic cup, but only if they have had history in the Champions League. For example, under the new system, if Crystal Palace were to win the FA Cup this season, they would not be allowed to play in the European tournament. But if any of Chelsea, Liverpool of Manchester City win the cup and miss out on the top four, they would. The new rules have been branded "Putin-esque" by West Ham vice-chairman Karren Brady, whose clubs have high hopes of taking part in the Champions League. She wrote for The Sun that it was a "nodding to a rich boys’ club who don’t like the idea of fair competition at home leaving them without a ticket to further big bucks abroad.” The idea is to give a safety-net to the big teams that might miss out on qualification through conventional methods by giving them a second chance. But, at the same time, denies those who harbour ambitions of taking part. The Telegraph report that the new rules are very close to being agreed with as UEFA thrash out the details with the European Club Association. That is despite ongoing disputes among players and managers over forcing them to play so many games. As well as an extra 100 games across the season, clubs will play 10 group-stage games against opponents based on a seeding system. It is known as the "Swiss model" and is likely to cause outrage among the continent.