 The BBC’s political programme was filmed live from Romford and was peppered with heated debates, with a particularly long discussion dedicated to what Camilla Tominey described as “a toxic debate” over the processing of refugees. The associate editor for the Daily Telegraph noted that “the Home Office doesn’t seem to have any way of defining an economic migrant who might be on a dinghy versus a refugee or an asylum seeker fleeing persecution.   “There is legitimate concern from members of the British public, I think, about uncontrolled illegal immigration, and also a perfectly valid question people are asking about why people don’t think that they can seek the safe haven they need in France.” She added: “If somebody is in France and they aren’t being persecuted, I appreciate the point of wanting to be reunited with family in the UK, but if then they are being exploited to be put on a barely inflated raft and be sent into one of the world’s busiest shipping lanes simply to come to the UK when they would have already been safe in Calais is a point of consternation for people.” One audience member expressed her anger at the double standard in the Government’s treatment of refugees from different countries and accused the Government of having a different “policy for certain countries, certain nationalities, [and] certain races”.   She stated: “The politicians who don’t promote safe routes, safe and legal routes, they come illegally because you’ve blocked all of the legal routes. “If you want to stop that and you want to send people to Rwanda coming across from Calais, so you are proposing that all immigrants from Ukraine should also be going there, as well.” She added: “Surely people who flee Ukraine are passing through safe countries. Let’s send them to Rwanda as well.” Ms Tominey replied: “That’s an interesting distinction because much has been made, why are we being so generous to the Ukrainians now and not as generous to another group of people…of course when you are processing people coming into this country, you are going to have a list of priorities. “What’s the priority? What are you going to do right now as Mariupol is being, you know, bombarded with Russian missiles?” “Are you going to say to a mother and her child that she can’t come because somebody else who might already be waiting … her safety in the UK takes more precedence.” READ MORE: Bank holiday weekend opening hours full list- Tesco, Aldi, Lidl & more  The audience member reiterated: “She’s going to a safe country first…so they shouldn’t be allowed to come here unless they go to Rwanda.” The lady recounted her personal experience of attempting to help family friends try to flee Afghanistan. She stated: “They are suffering under the Taliban. I am happy to offer them a home and to pay for them, but you don’t allow that policy. “You have that policy for certain countries, certain nationalities, certain races. “I was told that if they get out, if they are smuggled out of Afghanistan and they get themselves to India they aren’t allowed to come to the UK where they have family members…I was told by the Home Office that they can’t because India is a safe country.” DON'T MISS: Brexit POLL: Should Northern Ireland vote to scrap Protocol in 2024? (POLL)Flight attendant says 'clothes pouches' are 'smartest' way to pack (INSIGHT)Max Verstappen blames teams as he opens up on Hamilton 'confrontation' (REVEAL)  She added: “Why can’t Ukrainians stay in the safe countries, as well? I just want to know the double standard. “I would like to take people in from Afghanistan, which you abandoned, and I’m happy to do that but you’re not offering that to Afghani people or Syrian people.” Tory MP Mims Davis stated: “We are helping people from Afghanistan resettle.” Ms Davis insisted “there isn’t a double standard” and that there are different policies that are applicable to different refugees. She added: “What we are trying to do is break the model of people smuggling and I think letting people drown in the Channel is unacceptable.” 