Support independent hotels with holiday bookings Forget the same old boring, bland hotels. Best Western is proud to champion independence and individuality and can offer more than 290 uniquely different places to stay, be it near castles, in cities, surrounded by countryside or on the coast. When you book with Best Western, you support independent hotels and small businesses. Best Western calls this "Booking Good" and thanks you for choosing to stay in their hotels, as your booking makes a big difference. By joining the Best Western Rewards scheme you can earn points to redeem on stays and gift cards, and also take advantage of the lowest prices when you book directly with the company. Book direct, join Best Western Rewards, and learn more at bestwestern.co.uk/bookinggood Go back in time with an unforgettable immersive experience In collaboration with Historic Royal Palaces, Layered Reality presents The Gunpowder Plot. Set to be one of the biggest attractions to open in the capital this year, the experience has already received raving reviews, with the magazine Time Out predicting it to be "one of the absolute best things to do around the world in 2022". Opening on 6 May, the experience takes place in a purpose-designed immersive theatre space in the Tower Vaults opposite the Tower of London, last accessible to the public two decades ago. Layered Reality experiences combine the latest digital tech, such as virtual reality, together with live theatre plus real physical sensations to create a unique immersive experience that’s truly memorable. Book before the end of April and save £10 with code TRAILER10 online at gunpowderimmersive.com Set sail on a cruise of a lifetime Book a cruise to remember at a great price with Cruise118.com. This company arranges a variety of holidays via different cruise lines, such as Princess Cruises. Look forward to expert concierge knowledge and the chance to enjoy all-inclusive holidays when you sail with Princess Cruises. Add Princess Plus to any Princess Cruise for £30 per person per day and enjoy a premier beverage package, including cocktails, beer and wine and unlimited wi-fi to keep in touch online. Take your pick of brand-new ships including Discovery Princess, sailing from Los Angeles, or set off on your cruise from the UK aboard Enchanted Princess and Sky Princess for hassle-free, all-inclusive cruising. Find out more and search the best deals at cruise118.com/princess-cruises-promotion Experience the capital from new heights The Dare Skywalk is a must-do London adventure that fuels excitement and tests the nerves at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. The name takes inspiration from the Spurs motto, "to dare is to do", and aims to challenge the brave at every step of this exhilarating journey. Adventure-seekers can choose between daily and nightly climbs for panoramic views of the London skyline and visitors who scale the stadium between the 2-18 April will enjoy live acoustic music for all afternoon climbs on this incredible London adventure. Meet at Basecamp before ascending the side of the stadium onto the Skywalk viewing deck, where you’ll experience some of the best views of the city before venturing out over the exposed glass apex — a dizzying 150ft above the pitch. Find out more at experience.tottenhamhotspur.com Relax at a boutique Icelandic hotel Hotel Vos is a cosy, family-run hotel with stunning views and great personalised service, located on the south coast of Iceland. All 18 rooms have private bathrooms, TV with multiple channels in several languages, and free Wi-Fi. Relax in the hot tub after a day of enjoying Icelandic nature, listening to the ocean, birdsong or even watching the Northern Lights. Hotel Vos is located at Nordur-Nyjabæ farm in south Iceland. close to the Atlantic Ocean, where you’ll find an extensive black-sand beach. Take a walk along it to absorb the energy from the ocean while admiring spectacular mountain views from Bláfjöll to Eyjafjallajökull Glacier and Vestmannaeyjar and perhaps even watching seals swim by. Enjoy 10 percent off your booking with code OFFER22 online at hotelvos.is. Offer valid until June 30, 2022. Unwind at a sporting haven in the sun Club La Santa is one of world’s top sports and active holiday resorts. Swap your local gym for Olympic-standard facilities in glorious Lanzarote, where you can kick back and relax, or work up a sweat. Club La Santa offers training grounds for anyone from professional athletes, groups and individuals, ranging from triathlon training to Ironman challenge preparation, and classes ranging from sunrise Pilates, to spin classes under palm trees. With clear blue skies and temperatures up to 29C, experience endless possibilities for sports and activities while enjoying stunning volcanic scenery as a backdrop. Also with use of a wellness facility where you can relax and unwind, book your holiday at clublasanta.co.uk Discover the history of Inverness and Loch Ness Explore Scotland’s majestic, untamed landscapes by boot, bike or paddle and seek out the undiscovered paths of Inverness and Loch Ness. Learn tales of fiddlers and fairies, illicit whisky stills and rebellion as you meander through the glens, under towering pine forests and across heather-scented moors teeming with wildlife. For those who love history, wander among ancient palaces, walk in the haunting footsteps of soldiers across Culloden battlefield or explore sacred burial cairns in the vibrant Clava woodlands. Plan your visit now at visitinvernesslochness.com Enjoy an unforgettable holiday in the Dolomites In the heart of the Dolomites, Club Moritzino is a must-visit destination. For over 50 years, Club Moritzino has overlooked the Val Badia Valley. By day, lovers of the great outdoors can enjoy the incredible woods, pastures and mountain peaks of Alta Badia. Then, after skiing the slopes and climbing the peaks, stop by Club Moritzino’s restaurant, with its terrace and wine bar, and sample the very best local cuisine and wine. By night, the club becomes one of the trendiest spots in Alta Badia and plays host to the hottest parties in the area. Learn more at moritzino.it Enter a land of dinosaurs with the whole family Gunnersbury Park becomes Jurassic Park this Easter half-term, making for a fun day out for the whole family. From 1 to 18 April, the creators of the award-winning Lightopia bring Dino Kingdom to London for the first time ever. Dino Kingdom brings you moving dinosaurs, with state-of-the-art 3D and photo-realistic animatronics. An educational experience as much as an adventure, encounter a six-metre-long dinosaur, with internal, illuminated 3D mapping to show the anatomy of the Jurassic creature. Let the kids’ artistry run wild with an AR activity where they get to draw their very own dinosaur; then simply scan it to be brought to life immediately. Tickets start from £12 — use code DKLEX15 to get a 15 percent discount. Offer valid until April 18 Find out more at dinokingdom.com Be inspired at an exciting food festival The National Geographic Traveller Food Festival is back on 16 and 17 July at London’s Business Design Centre. Be inspired by top food personalities and fantastic culinary destinations. Broaden your palate stall by stall on a world tour of our exhibitor space, before getting the lowdown on some of the world’s most exciting dishes at Masterclass theatres, where you’ll discover top tips and tricks and come away inspired to make your own versions at home. Catch your favourite food writers at Speakers’ Corner, where celebrated cookbook authors such as MiMi Aye, JP McMahon and Yasmin Khan will be discussing their latest work in an intimate and inspiring space. Plus, visit our Main Stage for demonstrations from big-name chefs, including Richard Corrigan, Aldo Zilli, Fuchsia Dunlop, Jack Stein, Romy Gill, Ching-He Huang, Olia Hercules, Judy Joo and Theo Michaels, and interviews with top food personalities such as Jay Rayner and Grace Dent. Find out more at foodfestival.natgeotraveller.co.uk This content is brought to you by Living 360, a new digital lifestyle destination keeping you up to date with health and fitness, food and drink, homes and gardens, beauty, travel, finance and lifestyle trends.