Greek tennis star Stefanos Tsitsipas is feeling confident as he begins his Barcelona Open campaign as the top seed amid defending champion Rafael Nadal's absence. Nadal, who claimed an unprecedented 21st men’s singles Grand Slam title at the Australian Open, is currently on the comeback trail after suffering a rib stress fracture last month. After Nadal was defeated in the Indian Wells final by Taylor Fritz to inflict a first loss on the Spaniard’s perfect 2022 record, the 35-year-old announced he would be unable to play for several weeks due to the injury. Nadal was absent for the Masters events in Miami and Monte-Carlo, and is currently missing the Barcelona Open, but will hope to compete in upcoming tournaments in Madrid and Rome as he gears up for the French Open, which starts next month. Tsitsipas, 23, believes the Barcelona Open still has appeal and stature even without the 21-time Grand Slam champion, who defeated the Greek in the 2018 and 2021 finals. “I feel good, I'm delighted to be at this tournament,” Tsitsipas said. “I’m happy with my tennis and the big rivals that are here even if this year Rafael Nadal is not present. READ MORE: Thiem 'really happy' despite Serbia Open loss denying Djokovic clash “Just because he's not there doesn't mean it's not a great tournament. I have no pressure to win this year. I think there are players, myself included, who can win the tournament because we adapt well to this surface. “I don't think the move from Monaco to Barcelona will affect me. I think going from fast courts to slow courts is much more difficult. This morning, I have already trained so that it affects me as little as possible.” Tsitsipas, the 2019 ATP Finals champion, is off to a strong start to the 2022 campaign after reaching the Australian Open semi-finals and the Rotterdam final. He then defended his Monte-Carlo Masters title last week. Only five active players - Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Andy Murray and Daniil Medvedev - have reached No.2 in the world rankings and each of them went on to achieve world No.1 status. Tsitsipas is hoping to challenge at the top and finally claim a maiden Grand Slam. DON'T MISSDjokovic rattled as Serb shouts at trainer during nightmare sessionNadal will 'arrive' for Madrid as uncle shares injury conversationDjokovic loses, Raducanu suffers new injury, Federer and Nadal update “I’m always trying to bring the best I can from clay and adjust accordingly to the other surfaces,” Tsitsipas said. “I really want to be doing well on hard and grass this year, because I feel like I can really get a lot of points there. “If I'm able to win matches with the same consistency I do on this surface, I think I have a big chance of finishing the year [in] the top two, which is a huge goal of mine to be finally there and belong in that special group of players.”