The locals in West Lulworth, Dorset have built a realistic speed camera to slow down tourist speeders. The residents in the small seaside town are frustrated with noisy drivers speeding down their roads to get to the beach. An official Dorset Police anti-drink drive “No Excuse” sign is also attached to the pole, adding credibility to the homemade Gatso inspired camera. The fake camera is made from a timber box which has been painted yellow and grey and fixed to the top of a metal pole. Council officials have confirmed they will be removing the dummy device as they say it could distract motorists and cause an accident. Shirley Bamber, who lives in Lulworth, said speed has been a problem throughout the village. READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine She said: “We've been begging to have a slow down sign, or something which flashes how fast you are going, for so long. “We've not got many pavements in the village so the kiddies that walk down and people with buggies are at risk from the speeding. “I thought it was an absolutely brilliant idea. “You've only got to be down there for half an hour to see that people are speeding down the main roads.” DON'T MISSPetrol and diesel drivers call on police to protect fuel supplies [SHOCKING]Boris Johnson and Grant Shapps propose major changes to MOT testing [IMPORTANT]Calls to introduce major new vehicle technology already adopted in EU [INSIGHT] Coach driver Andy Miller often drives down the 30mph stretch of road, taking tourists to the nearby Lulworth Cove, a popular tourist destination. He was told about the fake camera through a group on social media where drivers share sightings, but said as soon as he drove past it he realised the camera was not real. Mr Miller added: “It's a public road, not a private estate, so it should not be there. Everybody is looking at it as they go past. “I feel it has been put up to make tourists scared. Cameras are installed for the reason of slowing people down only when there is a need to do so, not to be put up willy nilly by a resident. “It will cause an accident in the end because there are no warning signs saying a camera is nearby. People shouldn't take the law into their own hands like this. “I understand what they're doing, but they're doing it the wrong way. “And it's on a pole above the no excuse sign. I think drink driving is more serious than speeding and the fake camera distracts from that.” According to Essex Police, installing a fake speed camera is not illegal, but is something which they “would not actively encourage”. Installing a mock speed camera can lead to a risk of civil action if a driver is distracted by it. It is, however, illegal to put up fake signs to warn motorists of a speed camera. A Dorset Police spokesperson said they were aware of the fake speed camera in West Lulworth. They added: “We understand local communities who have concerns over speeding in their area are sometimes minded to take action and would just ask that they take care to avoid doing anything that might actually cause a distraction to motorists and inadvertently pose a risk to road safety.” Dorset Council called it an “inadvertent risk to road safety”, saying it will be removed to ensure consistency to signage across the council area.