George Russell has claimed he and Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton are "not concerned” about beating each other during races. Mercedes' new star claims the pair want to “work together” to bridge the gap to title favourites Ferrari and Red Bull. He claims there are “no hard feelings” between the pair despite Russell’s stronger start to the season. When asked whether beating Hamilton had given him a confidence boost, Russell denied it. He said: “These small things in the scheme of things don’t mean a lot really. Obviously, everybody wants to finish ahead of their teammate, but Lewis and I have no interest in battling it out for P5, P6. “We want to work together to claw that gap back. So there's no hard feelings if he's ahead of me, there's no hard feelings if I'm ahead of him, and we're not too concerned about that at the moment. “We have a bigger picture. And the long game we need to play is to catch these guys up because we’re here to win.” Russell currently lies second in the drivers’ standings, nine points ahead of Hamilton due to the rookie’s consistent start. READ MORE: Max Verstappen using new skill vs Charles Leclerc after Hamilton fight The former Williams man has scored three successive top-five finishes including his second career podium in Australia. After bagging a podium in Bahrain, Hamilton has since struggled to get to grips with his Mercedes, The seven-time champion picked up just one point in Saudi Arabia and finds himself fifth in the standings. The pair appear to have developed a good relationship and were spotted working out in the gym together in Australia. Hamilton posted the caption: “teamwork makes the dream work”. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton major blow as car issues may be ‘difficult' to fix [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton backed to 'step up another level' in warning to Ferrari [COMMENT]Hamilton will be at odds with downbeat Wolff's recent title comments [ANALYSIS] After the race in Melbourne, he praised his team-mate for doing "a great job” to secure a podium. Team principal Toto Wolff also praised the drivers for doing all they could as the team desperately try to find a way out of their problems. He said: “Everyone in the UK, in Stuttgart and in the travelling race team is pulling together every ounce of effort we have to tackle the performance gaps with determination and a deep hunger. Seeing Lewis and George perform at an exceptionally high-level today with a tool that is clearly not on the pace of the leaders is another example of the spirit of this team.” 