Emma Keywood, senior product manager at Dodl by AJ Bell said it's important to get in the right headset before investing. She shared five tips with Express.co.uk readers to help them get started. Clear your debts first "Before putting money aside for investing, consider paying off debts, particularly credit cards or unsecured loans.  "It’s difficult for anyone to make savings when they’re paying high interest rates or late payments.  "Focusing on being financially stable first." READ MORE: Premium Bonds: NS&I's May millionaire prize draw is days away  Keep a financial journal "Savers should track earnings and expenditure on a weekly or monthly basis to determine the amount of money they have left to invest. "This helps people to stay on top of spending, reducing stress levels when it comes to money management. "People can use a spreadsheet, pen and paper or app to help them keep on top of their figures." DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis warns there's just two days left to get free £175 [WARNING]Santander urges customer to 'be wary' of heartbreaking scam [ALERT]Gold, Bitcoin, euro and US shares CRASH on World War 3 fears [WARNING]  Set a budget "Once the first two steps have been completed, it’s then possible to look at budgeting to save money. "Once savings have been made this can be used for investing with the goal of building a long-term nest egg."  Find a fun way to save money "There are some fun ways to start saving money to start off with. Increasing the amount of money one saves each week or month by a few pounds can build up over the year. "Make savings by trying out the 30-Day Rule which should lead to people spending less as it eliminates impulse buying."  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Read up on different investment options "Understanding the options available when it comes to investing for the first time can really help people figure out how much they need to save to reach their financial goals. "It’s important to research which route would work best as there are different ways of investing money depending on the end goal. "For example, Lifetime ISAs can help people save for a house deposit, ISAs can help with medium term targets and pensions are designed to help people save for retirement. "Some investment platforms let you invest from £25 a month, meaning you can squirrel away cash on a regular basis to help achieve longer-term life goals." 