The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh got married in November 1947 and stayed married for over seven decades, until the Duke's death, aged 99, in April 2021. Philip continued on active service with the Royal Navy until Elizabeth’s accession in February 1952, from which time he shared her official and public life. Speaking to Royally US, co-Founder and editor-in-chief of True Royalty TV, Nick Bullen, discussed his new royal documentary and the Duke's "biggest role" within the royal institution. Mr Bullen said: "What you learn from this new documentary on True Royalty is how self-deprecating he was. "Whenever we filmed him, whenever I spoke to him, he really wasn't interested in who he was, the Prince part was probably the least important part." He added: "His naval career was hugely important, his role as a father was hugely important. "But also probably his biggest role was sort of, as consort and support to the Queen." He continued: "This was a guy that was born into service and he was born in a Royal Family. READ MORE: Palace aides rework royal tour plans after faults of Cambridge’s Caribbean tour "He went through military service and what you learn in this documentary is that service was at his absolute core." Mr Bullen said that the Duke "wanted to continue with his naval career" but when Elizabeth became Queen at such a young age, the Duke had "taken a vow of service." He added: "The greatest service he could do to his country was to support his monarch." On the day prior to their wedding, the King granted Philip the style of His Royal Highness. The couple welcomed four children during their marriage. Their eldest, Prince Charles, is first in line to succeed Queen Elizabeth II. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s timing of George birth didn’t follow history: ‘Can’t detract from Queen’ Following the death of the Duke last year, the BBC aired a royal documentary called Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers. The programme featured royal interviews filmed both before and after the Duke's death. Speaking in the documentary, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, spoke fondly of the Duke's role alongside the Queen. The Duchess said: "I saw the way he supported the Queen. "Not in a flashy sort of way, but just by doing it quietly. Following along behind. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] "It's something that I've learned by watching him." Aside from his royal duties alongside the Queen, the Duke carved out his own path within the Royal Family, particularly through his Duke of Edinburgh scheme. The youth awards programme focusing on self-improvement exercises was founded in 1956 in the UK and has since expanded to 144 nations. Each year, the Duke of Edinburgh scheme inspires hundreds of thousands of young people, from all walks of life, to explore who they are, grow in confidence, and expand on skills that they need to navigate successfully through life.