Dan Walker, 45, has taken to Twitter to respond to a cheeky post by BBC Breakfast and BBC News anchor Jon Kay. The star was included in the Twitter joke page, Accidental Partridge.  Following a blunder on BBC News this morning, Jon made a joke about his live on-air error, hinting that he should still be considered to replace Dan, who will soon be moving to Channel 5 News.  While reporting from Woolacombe, Jon took a long time to respond to presenter Fiona Bruce.  Fiona asked him a question about weather conditions and Jon failed to respond promptly.  He wrote, jokingly, in full view of his 41,500 followers: “That’s my job application completed, then… @Mrdanwalker.” READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show Fans and friends joked back with Jon. @Hamishausk said: “Haha! Who needs the main Breakfast gig when you’ve made it onto accidental partridge! “It’s what dreams are made of.” Dan responded in a quote tweet with a series of clapping hands emojis, cheering his fellow presenter on for making light of the situation. It comes after it was announced that Dan would be leaving BBC Breakfast. Channel 5 News released the update to Twitter yesterday with a short clip of Dan speaking about his career move. The post read: “Some news to share with you all from us at @5_News. “@MrDanWalker will be bringing you the news at 5pm every day from now on. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] “And he's got something to tell you all - watch his video down below.” Other BBC staff have since flocked to social media to respond to the shock announcement. That includes co-star Louise Minchin, who wrote in a quote Tweet: “Massive congratulations and good luck Dan. “You will be missed on @BBCBreakfast but you won’t miss the early alarm calls.” Among Louise’s 253,100 followers, some took to the comments with their thoughts. @PeterBridge18 said: “Who will replace him. He will be missed.” @Donkey_cone quipped in reply: “I hear Piers Morgan is in the running.” @Neilabrad wrote: “Great news for Dan but can't help thinking BBC has been haemorrhaging top talent for a couple of years now! Very concerning.”