Arsenal legends Martin Keown and Ray Parlour have completely different views over whether Nuno Tavares should start against Brighton. Keown says Mikel Arteta cannot afford to play the left-back but Parlour reckons it could be a good chance for the 22-year-old to gain some confidence. Tavares struggled in Monday's 3-0 loss at Crystal Palace and was dragged off at half-time by Mikel Arteta. It wasn't the first time the Portuguese youngster has started a game this season and not made it out for the second half. Tavares is the only fit recognised left-back in the Arsenal squad following the season-ending injury to Kieran Tierney. Granit Xhaka played the second half at Selhurst Park at left-back. Keown says Tavares is too error-prone and cannot be picked for the visit of Brighton on Saturday afternoon. However, he also does not think Xhaka is the solution, claiming he would rather see Bukayo Saka play out of position on the left of defence. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte hints at transfer plans involving Harry Kane  Keown said on talkSPORT: "We’ve got to find Arsenal a solution to the left-back problem, I’d like to see Saka go to left-back. I know that’s radical, but I’d rather see that than Xhaka there, who is going to get exposed, if you’re creating such a weakness in the team, then you’ve got to fill it. “I think Saka could go to left-back and still do damage from the left, [Nicolas] Pepe back onto the right-hand side, [Gabriel] Martinelli on the left. It’s about the best XI, but if you’ve got an issue with a player to such an extent that everything’s going down that side and mistakes are being made and you don’t believe in the player, then you can’t play him. “So I’d go ‘OK, we’re not going to play Tavares’ but I don’t think Xhaka is the answer, he certainly isn’t, they’d be setting teams up to exploit that weakness, it won’t be long before Xhaka is off the pitch and Arsenal are down to ten men again. Play Saka there.” DON'T MISS: Erik ten Hag 'wants to take trusted Ajax coach with him to Man Utd' after Rangnick warning  However, Parlour has a different view to his former team-mate. He admits Tavares is lacking in confidence but says the match against Brighton could be "perfect" for him. Parlour said: "Confidence-wise I don't think he's that confident at the moment, that's one thing. Whether Mikel says 'right, one more chance'. "You're going to have lots of possession at home against Brighton, I should imagine, so it might be the perfect game for him to come back in. It was always going to be a tough game against Palace."  Arsenal boss Arteta insisted he will help Tavares through the tough period. Arteta said at his press conference: "His confidence probably wasn’t the best because he wasn’t playing a lot of minutes as well and probably wasn’t at his best and he needs the rhythm, the competition and the understanding with his team-mates. "We have to help him to do that, but at the end of the day, when you’re in a match you have to decide if something can change the game and how can we make it better and on Monday we made that decision." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 