EastEnders is known by many for tackling hard-hitting and heartbreaking topics throughout its years on viewers' screens. Female rape stories have frequently aired, alongside issues including HIV diagnosis, struggles with sexuality and mental health battles also being told over the decades. Now, soap bosses are to focus on male sexual assault victims with a storyline seeing Ben (played by Max Bowden) being a victim of rape by a new character played by Lewis Butler (Aiden O'Callaghan). The storyline comes 10 years after BBC bosses turned down the issue, saying previously it was too difficult to cover pre-watershed soap. Ben's upcoming storyline is set to air later this spring and will add immense pressure to the character's already troubled life. EastEnders has been working closely with various charities and organisations on the storyline, including SurvivorsUK, Survivors Manchester and the Male Survivors Partnership (MSP). Lewis was introduced to Ben and his husband Callum Highway (Tony Clay) earlier this month by Ben's mum Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth), as the new barman for The Albert. READ MORE: Esther Rantzen fumes as Queen is criticised for leaning on Andrew The pair didn't get off to the best start as Ben was struggling to come to terms with Callum taking a job to be the face of the LGBTQ+ community for the police. He has also struggled to get over the fact that he and Callum were targeted in a homophobic attack, which triggered painful memories of when Ben's first love Paul Coker (Johnny Labey), was killed in similar circumstances. Max, who plays Ben, opened up about portraying the storyline and said: "Alongside some wonderful charities and some very inspirational survivors of male sexual assault in the UK, I think we’ve been able to really strive to tell the most truthful account we can. "I hope we can raise awareness and understanding on a topic that is rarely covered, [and] I’m honoured to be given this opportunity to tell such an important story.” Kate Oates, Head of Continuing Drama, BBC Studios, said: “Ben has endured a traumatic time after witnessing a homophobic attack on Callum that brought back painful memories of losing Paul. "As a result, Ben lost his way in life… which is when he found Lewis. Ben finds Lewis attractive and thinks of him as someone who can understand him in a way Callum does not, but that trust is abused when Lewis crosses a line and rapes Ben. "Through this story, we hope to explore issues of consent, sexual identity, masculinity, and sexual assault, focussing on how this fateful night impacts Ben and those who love him over the coming months.” Duncan Craig OBE, Chief Executive, Survivors Manchester, added: “We are so pleased to be able to work with EastEnders on supporting the creation, development and telling of such an important story, one that many male survivors have themselves experienced. DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Double exit as tragic twist destroys beloved couple [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Chelsea Fox returns to criminal ways to protect Jor [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Penny Branning returns in blackmail plot twist [WATCH] "Men as victims of sexual assault, rape and abuse is one that is often minimised, ignored or forgotten and unless it's spoken about, we as a society won't fully be able to tackle it. “Whilst there is always some criticism at soap, drama or any kind of entertainment telling a story such as this, I am 100 per cent confident that these cultural references have a direct impact on creating change within society but more importantly to me as a survivor, a direct impact on individual survivors themselves. "I often think if I only had seen something on TV when I was going through my experience of sexual violence that showed it happens to men too, maybe I wouldn’t have stayed silent so long and caused so much damage to myself. "I am so grateful to EastEnders for giving male survivors a platform, a voice, and a moment in time to be seen when many are looking the other way.” The broadcaster has tackled the issue of male sexual abuse before when Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) came to terms with the fact he was sexually abused by an older woman when he was a child. Mick's storyline was introduced when Frankie Carter (Rose Ayling-Ellis) turned up on the square and revealed she was his daughter. At first, he told her she had the wrong person, but when Frankie revealed her mother was Katy Lewis, Mick was left battling memories from his childhood. Rape Crisis England and Wales: Freephone 0808 802 9999 12 noon – 2.30pm and 7 – 9.30pm every day of the year. SupportLine Helpline: 01708 765200 EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday from 7:30pm on BBC One.