Across the city, bolts of lightning were visible before thunder rumbled across London shortly after. LightningMaps.org, a real-time lightning tracker service, predicted numerous areas in southern and eastern England would see bolts of lightning on Wednesday afternoon.    London was likely to see the most incidences of lightning. The Met Office warned Brits to be wary of "torrential rain and thunderstorms" in parts of the country. The Met Office also predicted a higher concentration of rain around the capital than most parts of the UK. They said in a tweet on Wednesday afternoon: "An intense line of heavy showers is bringing a short period of torrential rain and thunderstorms as it moves east across London.  "Be aware of the potential for some surface water on the roads and some lightning strikes across SE England #WeatherAware". The BBC's weather service predicted that after the lightning hit, "light rain showers and a moderate breeze" would be felt across London on Wednesday afternoon, with the downpours tailing off towards the evening. But the heavy rain spells being followed up by patches of warm, bright sunshine, many Brits have taken to social media to express their confusion with the changing weather. One London resident, Edward Terry, wrote on Twitter: "Torrential Rain in the south near London - so heavy it’s setting off car alarms! Eek."  READ MORE: Lightning map: Where is thunder and lightning hitting right now? @Karishma_mgn05 posted on Twitter: "It was literally dark, crazy winds and rain with thunder and lightning like 10 mins ago and now it’s sunny and normal? Are you okay London?" DON'T MISS: NATO LIVE: Truss makes fierce demands as leaders poised [LIVE] Snow map: Where is it snowing right now? London hit by thunder [MAP] POLL:Do you think biological males should be banned from female sport? [POLL] The Met Office said for Wednesday evening that "showery bands of rain" would be present in "many" parts of the UK. They detailed: "Rain across northern Scotland moving southwards, turning to snow in the northeast, especially on hills. "Showery bands of rain crossing many other areas. "Windy almost everywhere, with gales, perhaps severe, for parts of Northern Ireland, north Wales and northwest England. For Thursday, they forecast: "Showers and occasional sunshine for most, showers heavy in places and wintry in the north, especially over hills. "Winds easing but a somewhat colder day away from the far south."