Footage circulating on social media showed the First Minister without a face covering while in a barber shop in East Kilbride. Ms Sturgeon made the visit as a part of her election campaign.  During the visit on Friday, Ms Sturgeon shaved a man’s beard as the media took photographs. The current rules in Scotland legally require face coverings to be worn in most indoor areas until Monday when it will then be recommended but not mandatory. The SNP leader posted videos on her social media accounts of the visit in which she is wearing her mask. The SNP noted that “within a few seconds” of entering the barber shop, the First Minister noticed she did not have her mask on.  A spokesperson for the party said: “The First Minister was invited into the barbers during an outdoor visit on the street. “Within a few seconds, she realised she hadn’t put her mask back on and immediately put it on.” A spokesperson for Police Scotland said: “We can confirm that we have received a complaint which is currently being assessed.” The Scottish Conservatives have accused the First Minister of “blatant hypocrisy” and even claimed Ms Sturgeon is not following her own advice. READ MORE: Putin's mouthpiece loses it on live state TV when asked to explain war  Dr Sandesh Gulhane, a Tory MSP in Glasgow, stated: “The video clearly shows Nicola Sturgeon isn’t practicing what she preaches on face masks. “She’s happy virtue signalling for official photos but behind closed doors it’s clear she doesn’t’ believe in her own rules so why should anyone else.” The Scottish Conservatives' spokesperson for health and social care added: “The public, who have been under these legal Covid restrictions for over two years, deserve an apology for this rule break. It is not the first time Ms Sturgeon has been accused of breaking her own Covid laws. DON'T MISS:Royal POLL: Should young royals start taking over more duties? (POLL)Cancer: The cooking oils shown to ‘release chemicals’ linked to cancer (INSIGHT)Kill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water (REVEAL)  The First Minister had to release an apology for removing her mask at a funeral in December 2020. In her apology, the SNP leader said it was “a stupid mistake” and that she was “really sorry.” A spokesperson for a Scottish Liberal Democrat said: “It’s incumbent on all politicians to set a good example. “It looks like Nicola Sturgeon has lost teach of what her own rules are.” 