Manchester United captain Harry Maguire has been left 'shocked' by a terrifying bomb threat at his family mansion in Cheshire. Maguire received a warning via email that a bomb would be planted at his home, and the Cheshire police are currently handling the situation. In reports also carried by BBC Sport, the England defender reported the worrying threat to the police, and searches involving sniffer dogs are ongoing at his family home. He lives there with his fiancee Fern Hawkins and their two daughters. On the incident, a club spokesperson has said: "In the last 24 hours, Harry has received a serious threat to his family home. He has reported this to the police, who are now looking into the matter." A spokesperson for Maguire added: "In the last 24 hours, Harry has received a serious threat to his family home. He has reported this to the police who are now looking into the matter. "The safety of his family and those around him is obviously Harry's number one priority. He will continue to prepare for this weekend's fixture as normal and we will not be commenting in any further detail at this time." JUST IN: Man Utd assistant Chris Armas 'to leave' United have endured a woeful season and are in danger of missing out on a top-four finish and the Champions League football that comes with it. As captain, Maguire has received a large portion of abuse aimed at the club's players whilst he's endured a spell of poor individual form. Maguire was already a disputed choice of captain when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer appointed him months after securing his signature. And Cristiano Ronaldo's summer arrival produced even more questions over dressing room politics at Old Trafford. READ MORE: Man Utd agree on five priority summer signings while '18 could leave'  The 29-year-old defender's status has led to him receiving more focused criticism than most, with many fans attempting to make him somewhat of a parody on social media. The hate towards him spilt into international duty when England supporters booed his name when it was read out on the Wembley Stadium tannoy. Erik ten Hag's summer arrival has sparked conversation around whether the Dutchman will see another player more fit to wear the armband. And there have been suggestions that taking it off Maguire will help smoothen the pressure on his performances and help him rediscover his best form. Greater Manchester Police have been contacted for further comment. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.