Lewis Hamilton is preparing to race once again in Melbourne this weekend for the Australian Grand Prix, but he will be concerned going into the race. After years of dominance, Mercedes are off the pace as Ferrari and Red Bull impress early on. This means Hamilton could once again miss out on a record eighth world championship. Hamilton was on course to win his eighth title in Abu Dhabi last season until the safety car was brought out and Max Verstappen was able to pit onto fresh softs. Race director Michael Masi then allowed some lapped cars to overtake the safety car, enabling Verstappen to move closer to his title rival before overtaking him on the last lap. The seven-time champion and his Mercedes team were left infuriated by the decision, and went silent for months as speculation about his future mounted. Since the controversial race, Masi has been sacked. In February, Hamilton was asked if changes made during the pre-season period would result in better decision making by officials. He replied: “We need to make sure we have non-biased stewards too. “Race drivers, some are very, very good friends with certain individuals, some travel with some individuals, take a more keen liking to some. “I think (F1 needs) people who have no biases, and are super central when it comes to making decisions.” Mercedes team principal, Toto Wolff, also called for improvements from race officials. He said: “I think we need professionalism in the stewards’ room. “I don’t think there is a conscious bias to be honest. It’s intelligent people.” Red Bull boss Christian Horner said: “I would agree with Toto that I don’t think there’s an intended bias. I’m not aware of any stewards travelling with drivers to races.” READ MORE: Wolff claims Mercedes car is ‘not quick enough’ Hamilton said there should also be more female stewards to boost diversity in the sport. He continued: “It would be awesome to have a male and female as the two race directors." Labour peer and vice-chairman of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Formula 1, Lord Peter Hain, recently Express.co.uk that the feud between Horner and Wolff has been damaging for the sport. He said: "I used to have a lot of respect for Christian, who is obviously a top F1 leader. "But I thought he was totally out of order at Silverstone and he never repeated that, I think he probably realised. "I think he would have gained more respect if he apologised, but he never did. We don't want to see anything like that ever again. "I think that damaged him and Red Bull, and it didn't do Formula 1 any good either. DON'T MISS Danni Menzies backs Lewis Hamilton over title loss: 'Robbed!' Hamilton was ‘very keen’ to join Red Bull and proved Horner wrong Charles Leclerc 'unsure' of Ferrari's edge over Mercedes and Red Bull "Competitive tension and rivalry is the meat and drink of Formula 1." The race at Silverstone last July was dramatic – Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen came together on lap one, with the latter hitting the wall and retiring from the race. Hamilton was penalised for the crash but still won the race. Horner accused Hamilton of endangering Verstappen's life. Hamilton responded himself to Horner's claims at the time, saying he will continue to race "hard but fairly". Lord Hain adds that a healthy rivalry can be beneficial for the sport, and that this will naturally get tense due to the pressure on teams in F1. He added: "I think provided it doesn't spill over in the way it did at Silverstone, provided that doesn't happen all of us fans will be relaxed about it "Teams try to beat each other, drivers try to beat each other. It is obviously going to be competitive and hostilities will break out in the heat of the moment. "Emotions run high and F1 is an emotional sport. The margins are just so tight. When you have those margins inevitably the temperature rises. "People get emotional and sometimes they speak unwisely."