Mr Grimes spoke to former scientist for Shell Dr Graham Buss about the tactics used by the protest group in light of further public scorn. The activists have been gluing themselves to roads and locking each other to football posts. Mr Grimes accused them of going too far, destroying what might be an important message by “stopping working people” from being able to get to work and making worse the cost of living crisis. Mr Grimes asked: “If you genuinely believe that the world could end in a ball of flames, or indeed we could all drown to death, why would you spend your last days on earth gluing your bottom to the road?” Dr Buss responded: “Look, the cost of living crisis is serious but just you wait until the climate crisis really hits. That’s why we’re doing this. “It will hit your family like a war and take everything away from you that matters.” But frustrated by the lack of response, Mr Grimes was incandescent, accusing Just Stop Oil of being the most impactful problem facing families at current. He said: “I’ll tell you what is hitting families up and down the country. It’s you lot blocking roads, stopping working people from being able to get to and from work and, frankly, exacerbating the cost of living crisis.” Dr Buss said: “Look, you want to know how to bring the country together? GB News needs to tell the truth about the climate crisis.” Prompted by the host that “this was your moment,” he added: “The best thing you can do is tell your audience to support Just Stop Oil.” He then finished by saying: “I’m not going to talk on a show with a climate-denier,” before hanging up on Mr Grimes. READ MORE: HGV chaos: Driver tackles Just Stop Oil protesters - wrong vehicle hit [REVEAL] Since April 1, Just Stop Oil have launched blockades of fuel terminals across southeast England and the Midlands. The activists said that they hoped the actions would “significantly impact fuel availability at petrol pumps across the South East”. The group have come under fierce criticism for making more difficult the lives of everyday people given the fuel price rises and shortages. And over the bank holiday weekend, 64-year-old Catherine Maclean became the first member of the group to be arrested. DON'T MISS: Just Stop Oil activist: 'We may be alienating people but its needed' [INSIGHT]'They are heroes!' Vine guest praises Extinction Rebellion for holding [REPORT]Furious oil protesters disable tanker's brake cable on M4 [REPORT] Maclean was charged with aggravated trespass and ordered to pay £409 in fines and costs, according to Essex Police. The charges regarded the blockade on the Purfleet Oil Terminal, the inter Terminal in Grays and the Navigator Terminal in Thurrock on April 13. Maclean, of Hurstpierpoint, Hassocks, in West Sussex, admitted the offence at Chelmsford Magistrates’ Court on Saturday. Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Nolan said: “Sadly, Ms Maclean’s actions means she now has a criminal record. “No-one – least of all my officers – wants to see this happen but it is a timely reminder that if you come to Essex to engage in trespass, even though you may see it as protest, you will be arrested, you will be charged and that is likely to lead to a criminal conviction.”