 The tour was to focus on the impact of climate change upon all sectors of the country as well as mark the 50th anniversary of Danish-Bangladeshi diplomatic ties. Princess Mary said on social media: “On this journey, the focus is on the consequences of climate change for the population, nature and biodiversity, for Bangladesh is one of the world’s most climate vulnerable countries, and it is expected that by 2050, up to 20 million people will be displaced.”    She continued: “We need to focus more than ever on the diversity of nature and to promote projects aimed at conserving and protecting nature.” The Crown Princess, 50, met with locals and Rohingya people, many of whom fled to Bangladesh in 2017 at the time of the Rohingya genocide in Myanmar. HRH visited the district of Cox’s Bazar as part of the tour, which is a former national park now turned refugee camp for approximately 700,000 Rohingya people. Pre-existing issues mean the area suffers from natural disasters such as mudslides, cyclones and monsoons.    Mary was greeted by excited fans who tried to give her flowers as a gift and one managed to get a selfie with the royal. The trip, which saw the Danish Minister for Development and Cooperation Flemming Møller Mortensen accompany the Princess, came to a close on Wednesday. The Princess met with Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and had lunch with the Danish business community in Bangladesh. READ MORE: ‘Indestructible’ garden plants which will ‘thrive’ on their own  The tour focused more heavily on climate change such as her visit to Sundarbans, one of the largest mangrove areas that shows climate change in action. One Twitter user complimented the Crown Princess who films many of her excursions for her followers saying, “Another great vlog from Crown Princess Mary! I loved seeing her POV via the videos and seeing the Bangladesh trip through her eyes. “A great 3-day trip highlighting local issues, communities, work being done. “What a great rep for Denmark! A modern royal woman!” DON'T MISS:POLL: Is Germany doing enough to support Ukraine? (POLL)Ryanair tourist denied boarding plane despite a year left on passport (INSIGHT)Mercedes told not to fire Wolff despite 'tantrums' and Hamilton woes (REVEAL)   Another said: “ [She] is an exemplary representative of/for Denmark on foreign trips. She handles soft diplomacy to perfection. She is always beyond well prepared/well-versed on issues related to the visit. The monarchy AND government show a lot of confidence in her.” The Crown Princess’s passion for tackling climate change will see her make a speech on sustainable fashion in June. 