The new energy price cap kicked in on Friday, leaving millions of Britons fearing the additional costs will leave them facing impossible choices amid the ongoing cost of living crisis. National Energy Action Chief Executive Adam Scorer warned deaths due to energy poverty could "go through the roof" next year, with more people risking their lives in addition to the 10,000 already dying as they are unable to afford to pay for their energy bills. Mr Scorer branded Chancellor Rishi Sunak's current approach to the crisis as "broad and shallow" as he called for further action to save lives. Speaking to LBC, Mr Scorer said: "It's not about choices anymore. It's about not heating your home, it's about not heating water, it's about not buying warm clothes, it's about not doing all those things that we would regard as the basics of life. "The Chancellor so far has decided to go broad and shallow, try and do a little bit for everybody. "I think that's a mistake, I think he'll have to reverse gear and find ways of going deep and targeted to help those people who are in the greatest jeopardy." JUST IN: 'Hostile environment!' Germany left scrambling as Putin cuts off Gazprom gas supply He continued: "When we get to the cold weather, the combination of winter, cold homes, and unaffordable prices mean that people die. "We have 10,000 people who die every winter in the UK because they can't afford to heat their homes. "To be honest we're quite phlegmatic about that as a number. "We won't be so phlegmatic this winter when that number goes through the roof because people will not be heating their homes, and those who are susceptible to the cold will perish." READ MORE: PM hails 'brilliant' new Express project to help Ukrainian refugees settle in UK  Recently-released figures suggested that almost half of adults were struggling to pay their energy bills before the biggest jump in prices in living memory came into effect this week. One woman from Belper, Derbyshire, was paying £39 per month but received an email on Friday saying her new bill will be £133.68 a month - a rise of 243 percent. Andie Darlington, 48, was recently made redundant from her job as a product designer and told the PA news agency: "It's just staggering. "It was a massive, massive shock... I knew the price was going to rise, I knew it'd be a big rise, I thought it might double, but this much - who can afford that? DON'T MISS: Met Office confirms UK weather will warm up next week [FORECAST]‘They're trying to freeze us to death!' Pensioner close to tears [VIDEO]World Cup 2022 draw LIVE: England find out Qatar group opponents [LIVE BLOG] "Even people who were relatively well off, they're not going to be able to afford this (and) people on benefits, they're just absolutely screwed." According to the Office for National Statistics (ONS), some 43 percent of adults in the UK who pay energy bills said they were finding this very or somewhat difficult in March. With the cost-of-living crisis continuing to bite, 6 percent of those with gas or electricity supplied to their homes said they were behind on these bills. The stark findings reveal the struggles people were experiencing even before Friday's hike in the energy price cap.