Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, faces a grueling three-day tour of Canada with Prince Charles in May. The couple will cover an extraordinary 2,000 miles across the country with a packed and busy schedule between the May 17 and 19. One royal expert has questioned if Camilla "really does relish the prospect of being Queen" given the extensive workload. Richard Eden, the diary editor at the Daily Mail, believes the role "is going to be a challenge" for her. Daily Mail’s Editor at Large, Richard Kay, added that Camilla finds traveling "tiring and exhausting". But, he said that her husband Prince Charles is "not quite ready to slow down yet". Mr Eden told MailPlus' Palace Confidential: "This is the age of the older people. "We have got Prince Charles who is five or six years younger than the leader of the free world, Joe Biden." JUST IN: Spotify could want 'greater control' over Meghan's podcast He continued: "He is a very active person. "For Camilla, it's quite awkward. People joked about her never having done a day's work in her life before she married Prince Charles. "Now she has this major role into her eighties almost, it is definitely going to be a challenge. "I wonder if she really does relish the prospect of being Queen?" Mr Kay added: "Camilla does find travelling tiring, exhausting. She doesn't like flying very much. "But Charles is not ready to slow down quite yet." The tour of Canada is being carried out in honour of Queen Elizabeth's Platinum Jubilee, which marks her historic 70 years on the throne. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry's US firm hit by 'staff mutiny' [LIVE BLOG]Russian state TV guest loses it on air over Hitler conspiracy [VIDEO]BBC viewers blast 'totally unnecessary' waste of licence fee money [REACTON] The visit comes in the wake of Prince William and Kate Middleton's tour of Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas, and Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex's current tour of the Caribbean. The trip will be the 19th visit to Canada for Charles and the fifth for Camilla. Their most recent visit was in the summer of 2017. During the trip, the couple will acknowledge the treatment of indigenous people. Clarence House said the tour will "highlight an emphasis on learning from indigenous peoples in Canada" and focus on "a more sustainable way of living with global warming".