Although there is no set rule as to how often you should wash hard-surfaced floors in your home, household floors such as wood, laminate or vinyl, should typically be cleaned at least once a week. The frequency of how often you need to clean your floor may increase for a moderate or high traffic room. Rooms such as the hallway or kitchen may also need to be regularly disinfected to kill off germs from dropped food or brought in on shoes. But if you're thinking about using boiling water to mop your wood, vinyl or laminate flooring, an expert is urging homeowners to think again. Declan Christie, founder and flooring specialist at Luxury Flooring and Furnishings explained: "There’s a notion of 'the hotter the better' when it comes to cleaning and disinfecting with water - although this is not the case [with flooring]. “There’s no need to use boiling water directly on your floor to disinfect it, as it can cause serious damage to most types of flooring. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Easiest’ way to remove ‘scuff marks’ from flooring “Solid wood flooring is susceptible to heat and therefore if boiling water is directly applied it can expand the wood and cause issues with your floorboards cracking and becoming uneven. "With laminate flooring and engineered wood flooring, you could see corrosion to the material. "For vinyl, the plastic could melt and create a tacky texture to your floor, so we recommend avoiding this at all costs." According to Mr Christie, it isn't just the temperature of the water that can do harm to your wood, laminate or vinyl surface. DON'T MISSCarpet beetles: How to ‘kill’ common household pest [COMMENT]Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [INSIGHT]What to do with daffodils after flowering - 5 key steps [EXPLAINER] He continued: "Not only is hot water bad for your floors, so is the steam it creates. The humidity mixed with the wood can also be damaging. "That's why we also wouldn't recommend using steam cleaners on floors other than vinyl floors." Instead, Mr Christie recommends hand washing or mopping your floor using lukewarm water. He said: "You want to ensure that your flooring stands the test of time, otherwise it will become more costly to replace. "Before you have even considered your cleaning products of choice, it’s important to use the right tools. “A mop or a sponge are the best materials to clean away dirt as they are made from fabrics that won’t scratch or damage your floor. "We would recommend a mop for engineered wooden flooring and solid wood flooring as these need extra care. "With vinyl and laminate flooring a sponge is fine, as they can handle more water absorption." The expert recommends opting either for a specialist cleaner designed for the specific material your flooring is made from, or making your own natural solution of water, vinegar, rubbing alcohol and essential oils. He explained: "All you need to do is fill your bucket with the appropriate levels of water to your coverage area, then add 50ml of white vinegar, a great natural dirt stripper, one cup of rubbing alcohol as a disinfectant and a couple of drops of your favourite essential oils, which will make your solution and floor smell fantastic." Once you have finished cleaning your floor, Mr Christie recommends giving it one "final wipe over with clean, lukewarm water" and soaking up any remaining cleaning solution. He said: "This makes it safe for pets and children too, who often have closer contact with flooring surfaces.”