Last month, Prince William, 39, and Kate, 40, visited Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas as part of a Caribbean royal tour. The trip was described as a “charm offensive” as it aimed to drum up support for the monarchy in regions where republican sentiment is on the rise. The royal couple’s eight-day visit was marred with controversy though due to reparations for slavery protests and a photograph of the pair greeting Jamaicans through a fence that was shared without context. Cele Otnes, a professor of marketing specialising in how the Royal Family brands themselves claims the trip “didn’t generate the fervour that was hoped”. She claimed the couple experienced “missteps” including an instance in Jamaica that saw them riding in the same Land Rover used by the Queen and Prince Philip during their 1953 trip to the region. William and Kate stood in the open-top vehicle while waving to spectators as they were driven slowly through a military parade and the pair were criticised for perpetuating “colonial” ideals. Professor Otnes, co-author of Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture claims adjustments would have been made to Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex’s upcoming Caribbean tour to avoid the “blunders” of William and Kate’s visit. In an interview with Express.co.uk, she claimed: “Clearly, William and Kate’s recent Caribbean trip didn’t generate the fervour for that event, or for the Royal Family, that was hoped. “The Wessexes, along with Princess Anne and her family, have been relatively scandal and misstep-free, and it’s significant that they are visiting the Caribbean so soon after William and Kate (even as the visit has been retooled after William and Kate’s visit to avoid similar missteps and blunders, such as restaging the Land Rover ride about).” However royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams fiercely defended William and Kate’s visit and stressed that despite any “glitches” the pair may have experienced, they are still “the most in-demand” of the royals. READ MORE: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore He told Express.co.uk: “What is undeniable is that royal tours are Britain’s most significant use of soft power. “The Cambridges are the world’s most glamorous royals and will continue to be the most in-demand. “There were glitches in the Caribbean tour but not all, such as the brusqueness of the welcome of the Jamaican Prime Minister, could be foreseen. “This is an area where there are strong republican sentiments, as was apparent but those who saw the royal couple undoubtedly enjoyed the visit.” DON'T MISS 'Incredibly tactile' Meghan and Harry's unusual public interaction [ANALYSIS] Sophie and Edward face royal tour torment after reparations demand [INSIGHT] William must 'temper' meeting with Sussexes after 'intentional damage' [REPORT] Despite any controversy that may have surrounded the trip, Mr Fitzwilliams noted that trips of this kind are usually positive for the host country as it can generate publicity and cause a boom in tourism. He claims that any future royal visits carried out by Prince William and Kate will continue to bring an “allure”. He said: “Such visits are planned with the host country and bring huge publicity with them. “The allure of a royal visit, especially from the Cambridges, will be as strong as ever in the unique year of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee.” The Cambridges trip marked just one of a series of tours organised to commemorate the monarch’s historic seven-decade reign. Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex are currently in the midst of a six-day tour of the Caribbean. The couple’s tour began on Friday and the pair are visiting Antigua and Barbuda, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines. Grenada originally featured on their itinerary but was removed on Thursday, but a reason was not cited. Princess Anne has just completed a four-day tour that saw her visit Australia and Papua New Guinea with her husband, Vice-Admiral Sir Tim Laurence. Next month, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall are expected to visit Canada. The Prince of Wales and his wife will meet communities throughout Newfoundland and Labrador – Canada's Capital Region – and the Northwest Territories.