Ukrainian officials, President Volodymyr Zelensky among them, accused the Russian side of crimes against humanity over the weekend. In a late-night televised speech, he accused Vladimir Putin's side of bringing “evil to our land” in the town of Bucha, where his army uncovered mass graves allegedly containing bound civilians executed at point-blank. The claims, which journalists from independent news organisations corroborated in part, received immediate condemnation in the west, with leaders already considering new sanctions. Weight from the present sanctions has pressed heavily on Russian residents, who have seen the ruble crash and burn in recent weeks. Oligarchs - the richest Russians with significant stakes in national firms vital for running the country - have felt the burn personally. Many of them have ended up on lists released by western nations treating them as an extension of Russia's state, and had their wealth and assets seized. Among those assets are a host of the world's most valuable superyachts, with some of those detained by European officials worth more than half a billion pounds. READ MORE: Ukrainian dad cuts off Russian relatives ignoring evidence The latest reports suggest that foreign leaders have a 50 percent success rate in impounding Russian yachts. So far, they have seized five, and a further five have managed to escape capture. The five currently in European possession include: Some oligarchs have managed to move their ships out of reach from foreign seizure. They have relocated their ships to countries that have yet to unveil sanctions packages for Russia. They include: The "appalling crimes" committed by Russians in Ukraine have only encouraged western leaders to greenlight more sanctions. Several European nations, including the EU, have announced plans to further clamp down on the Russian economy. Earlier today, UK foreign secretary Liz Truss said the Government would "do more to ramp up the pressure on Russia" and "keep pushing others to do more". She added that a "tough approach" from the British Government and its European allies would be "vital to strengthen Ukraine's hand in negotiations". Mr Zelensky and his negotiating team are seeking to end the invasion diplomatically. Peace talks have progressed slowly in recent days, with Russian demands slowly morphing at the negotiation table. Ukraine has centred its demands on neutrality and territorial integrity, with the country becoming open to declaring the neutrality Putin demands. In return, Zelensky's officials want a guarantee from Russia that it would leave Ukrainian territory and self-determination intact. Before the devastating events on the weekend, Russia had claimed it was stepping back its military operation. Defence ministers said they would "radically, at times, reduce military activity" in the direction of Kyiv and Chernihiv. Previous talks between Ukrainian and Russian delegations in Istanbul around the "neutrality and non-nuclear status of Ukraine" had contributed to this, they claimed. But recent events in Bucha will have complicated the situation, casting doubt on whether a final agreement is possible.