Ukraine's army is believed to have reclaimed control of the town, which is located just outside of Kyiv, but it has already been devastated by fighting and relentless Russian shelling. Mr Fedoruk told AFP news agency: "In Bucha, we have already buried 280 people in mass graves". He said the streets are littered with corpses after bombardment by Russia's army before Ukraine's troops "liberated" the town and Russia withdrew its forces. It comes as Russia is said to have withdrawn its troops from several towns near Kyiv in recent days after Moscow’s bid to encircle the capital failed. On Saturday, at least 20 bodies of men dressed in civilian clothes were found strewn across one single street in Bucha after Ukraine recaptured the town. READ MORE: Russia cracks down on protests as rallies spring up against war Grim images of motionless bodies lying in the devastated residential streets have emerged online. One of the corpses was of a man that had his hands tied with white fabric behind his back. According to AFP journalists who accessed the town, 16 of the 20 bodies were lying either on the pavement or by the verge. Three were in the road and another was in the courtyard of a house. Bucha's local mayor announced that Ukraine's forces had retaken the city last week, as the country claimed as many as 17,700 Russian troops have been killed since Russia first invaded Ukraine in February. DON'T MISS: Putin shouting at staff – expert explains signs of ‘impending coup' [INSIGHT]Ukraine deploys 'kamikaze drones' to turn tables on Russian Army [COMMENT]Putin delivered hammer blow as Russia intelligence questioned [ANALYSIS]   However, at the same time Russia claimed that 1,351 of its troops had died fighting in Ukraine, while a Nato officer has estimated between 7,000 and 15,000 Russian deaths. On Thursday, mayor Anatoliy Fedoruk said March 31 "will go down in the history of our town... as the day of its liberation from Russia”. He thanked Ukraine’s Armed Forces for liberating the city which has been occupied by Russian forces since February 27, just three days after the invasion first began. The liberation comes after Moscow claimed it would reduce military activity near Kyiv and the city of Chernihiv to encourage trust talks between Russia and Ukraine. However the mayor of Kyiv said the bombardment of satellite towns near capital was ongoing.  