Wolves boss Bruno Lage has slapped a £100million price tag on midfield maestro Ruben Neves in a bid to ward off interest from Arsenal and Manchester United. The Portuguese playmaker has caught the eye under Lage this term and has been linked with a lucrative summer move. Both United and the Gunners are anticipated to be in the market for midfield reinforcements in the summer. Arsenal saw a January move for Juventus' Arthur Melo fall through, while Manchester United have reportedly made signing an elite defensive midfielder a top priority. And after another stunning season at Molineux, Neves is on the radar of two of the Premier League's biggest-hitters. The 26-year-old is currently sidelined with a knee injury, but has been in dazzling form form for Lages' side; amassing four goals and two assists in 31 appearances this term. But with Arsenal and United circling, Lage has hinted that a player of Neves' ilk should command a nine-figure transfer fee. He said: "I don't know if it's Manchester United or other teams, what I know is we have a special player with us. What he is doing this season is very good. I think also the way we play, he can show a better Ruben, and also the way he plays puts our team on a different level. READ MORE: Man Utd told to give Cristiano Ronaldo 'assurance' to Erik Ten Hag before appointment "When you have that player, the best thing to do is improve his salary and years of contract. But who knows, when you have a top player like him in that specific position, that can defend and attack, and is a top professional and a great man, the big teams are there with £100m to buy these kinds of players." Although the Midlands outfit are desperate to keep hold of their silky playmaker, Lage has conceded that every player has his price; highlighting the sale of Joao Felix - who left Benfica during his tenure with the Portuguese giants for big money - as an example. He added: "I would have preferred to remain with Joao Felix in Benfica, but 120m euros came and he left. It depends on the strategy of Wolves also. That's why it was so hard to find players in the last two transfer windows. DON'T MISSLiverpool have Carvalho deal 'done' with £7.7m fee agreed for summer signingBenzema proves Rio Ferdinand wrong as Real Madrid star bags Chelsea hat-trickChelsea's Mount has defiant message for Real Madrid - 'If anyone can do it, it's us' "We want to find the best players at the right price and the right age to help us, then after two or three years they can give us economical profit. It's not just about Wolves, in these days which club can refuse a proposal of 80, 90 or 100 million pounds? Five or six." As well as Arsenal and Manchester United, a host of top European clubs - including Barcelona - are also keen on Neves. The Athletic reported earlier this week that Wolves would be 'prepared' to let the midfielder leave the club if he was presented with an opportunity to play Champions League football. Neves is currently contracted to Wolves until the summer of 2024 - but the club are keen to reward him with a bumper new deal in a bid to persuade him to shun his big-name suitors.