Meghan Markle took to the stage at the Invictus Games opening ceremony to make a speech before introducing her husband, Prince Harry to the audience. He then joined her on stage and pecked her on the lips. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James about this public display of affection between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Judi said: “One small step for Harry, one great stride for the royals as the couple break with tradition by kissing on the lips, not just in public but on a global stage surrounded by a cheering, delighted audience. “In terms of style it was a celebrity or a US political kiss, the kind of reward kiss that US presidents perform on their loving spouses after they give them a glowing introduction, as Meghan had just done for Harry. “Meghan smiled as she kissed and although Harry had his back to the cameras the side of his cheek looked rounded and his eye wrinkled to suggest he was doing the same,” she added. Royal fans went wild for the public display of affection between the couple and took to social media to comment. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'in and out in 15 minutes' on secret visit to Windsor One said: “Love always wins…” And another agreed: “Love is in the air.” “Harry & Meghan They're so cute together!” A tweet read. Someone commented: “Where is this? Unless Harry or Meghan themselves are getting an award and it’s a congratulatory kiss like at the Oscars, this would seem very unprofessional.” Another suggested: All about them and not the veterans… Very sad to take away their achievements and replace it with a Netflix money spinner for them…” DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry missed out on 'ideal' opportunity with Queen and Lili [COMMENT]Prince Harry once left 'shaking' while delivering 'worst' ever speech [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan hoping 'Charles will be open' to review arrangements [INSIDER] The kiss came after Meghan told the audience how Harry has spent "many late nights and early mornings" planning for the Invictus games. She also thanks veterans for their “continued service”. “Now it is my distinguished honour to introduce someone that I think you will all be very excited to hear from,” Meghan added. “I could not love and respect him more and I know that all of you feel the same because he is your fellow veteran, having served two tours of duty in Afghanistan and ten years of military service." Meghan also mentioned her and Harry’s children: “He's the founder of the Invictus Games, and the father to our two little ones, Archie and Lili”. “Please welcome my incredible husband, Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex." Harry then joined Meghan on stage, kissed her and she left before he addressed the audience. The first thing Prince Harry said was “thank you, my love”. He then went onto thank “the Dutch government, the Ministry of Defence and the Dutch royal family for their support”. Earlier today, the couple attended Land Rover's Driving Challenge at Zuiderpark. Harry got behind the wheel and attempted it himself, before both he and Meghan sat shotgun in minature cars which were driven by children.