The RAC is warning of motorway gridlock as 21.5 million drivers prepare to take to roads, with today, Good Friday, expected to be the busiest with 4.62 million trips planned. It is set to break records, with it being the busiest Easter bank holiday in eight years, with millions looking to enjoy the first Easter without coronavirus restrictions since 2019. Transport analytics specialists INRIX found that the M6 north between Liverpool and the Lake District, south towards Stoke-on-Trent, the M25 between Surrey and the M40 exit, and the A303 near Stonehenge could see some of the worst congestion. Drivers are urged to set off as early as they can or to delay their trips until the end of the day to stand a better chance of a smoother journey. A combined 7.2 million leisure trips are expected to be taken on Saturday and Sunday followed by almost four million on Monday. The RAC warns that between 9.30am and 7pm are the worst times to travel on major roads on Friday, with anytime after 3pm on Saturday and Sunday being the best time to travel. READ MORE: UK needs 'dyed in the wool EV evangelist' to stop the charging crisis Rod Dennis, traffic spokesperson at the RAC, said this weekend could be one of the busiest for leisure journeys all year. He added: “Add in the impact of disruption on the rail network and one of the biggest fixtures of the sporting calendar taking place this weekend and you have all the ingredients needed for problems on the roads. “Traffic volumes will likely be even higher if some warm spring sunshine makes an appearance. “The key to avoiding the worst of any jams is planning. DON'T MISSHolidaymakers’ cars left in muddy fields [SHOCKING]E10 petrol change may cost drivers £300 extra a year - 'real blow' [WARNING]Driver slams 'hefty' £100 fine for flicking cigarette out of window [INSIGHT] “Put simply, the earlier you leave in the morning the more likely you are to miss the worst of the queues, especially if you are travelling a longer distance. “Although a fifth of drivers we polled said they were planning on driving shorter distances this Easter, specifically because of the extremely high cost of petrol and diesel at the moment.” This comes as chaos continues at major ports and airports around the UK. All P&O ferries between Dover and Calais are suspended, with thousands looking at alternative measures to travel to the continent. National Highways have prepared for the busy bank holiday traffic by lifting more than a thousand miles of roadworks. Osprey Charging is also urging electric car owners to be aware of their EV’s range and what charge rate it can handle before travelling. The average EV has a range of 201 miles on a single charge and with 247,000 miles of road in the UK, it may be slightly daunting for EV owners to go on a road trip. EVs can only charge at the maximum charge rate of the vehicle, regardless of how powerful the charger is. It is also vital that drivers keep an eye on their range and know where reliable charging stations are and where they are located along the journey. The Osprey App, Zap-Map and WattsUp can also be used to check live availability of EV chargers around the UK. A spokesperson for Osprey Charging told Express.co.uk: “With many predicting a ‘mini heatwave’, try to park in the shade particularly if you’re leaving your EV for a long time. “You may have heard about cold temperatures affecting EV charge rates and ranges, but research has shown that high temperatures can also decrease the charge of the lithium-ion batteries in EVs. “Avoiding the heat isn’t always feasible of course, but it’s worth bearing in mind – just like you wouldn’t leave your phone in direct sunlight on a scorching hot day, if possible, take the same approach to your EV.” If possible, drivers should also try and slow charge their EV at home to 100 percent the night before setting off for a road trip. A smart charger is great for this since it captures off-peak rates and draws clean energy from the grid at a rate that corresponds to their home's energy tariff. This not only greatly reduces the need for a charging stop the next day, but it's also a simple method to save money and minimise their carbon footprint. As millions look to travel over Easter, new research has found that one in five UK holidaymakers were caught out of pocket on holiday after pre-trip expenses. More than a third of UK travellers say they are willing to spend more money on their next trip after being locked away during the height of COVID. Despite this, many still have budgeting concerns ahead of their trip, including 42 percent dipping into their savings, whilst more than one in 10 worry they don’t know how to budget for a holiday. Ruth Spratt, Senior Director at Zip UK, commented on the data: “As the nation prepares to go on holiday once again, our research has shown that UK travellers often struggle to manage their holiday finances. "More than one in 10 don’t know how to budget for a holiday, and nearly a third fund their holidays with just one paycheck, rather than spreading the cost out over several months in the run up."