Liverpool and Manchester City have once again been the runaway leaders in the Premier League this season and the title may well come down to who wins today at the Etihad. Both Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp have near fully-fit squads to choose from, meaning they'll be close to their best for the biggest game of the season. Liverpool and Manchester City have once again been the runaway leaders in the Premier League this season and the title may well come down to who wins today at the Etihad. Both Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp have near fully-fit squads to choose from, meaning they'll be close to their best for the biggest game of the season. City hold the better record of the two teams in the last eight meetings with Liverpool's only win in that time coming at Anfield back in 2019. But matches between the two teams have always been close affairs and the fixture earlier this season saw both sides share a point after a pulsating 2-2 draw at Anfield. More of the same will be expected today with just one point separating the two sides. Express Sport picks three on-pitch battles which could well determine who sits top of the Premier League heading into the final stretch. While Pep Guardiola has chopped and changed his attacking options, Raheem Sterling will be expected to start on the left wing against his former side. And his battle with Trent Alexander-Arnold down that flank could well be decisive in the outcome of the game. JUST IN: Lescott picks 4 stars who can make difference in Man City vs Liverpool  But the England winger will also need to be aware of tracking back when Alexander-Arnold bombs forward to join in Liverpool's attack. How that plays out will be fascinating to watch throughout the 90 minutes. The ultimate midfield battle will take place with Fabinho doing everything to try and keep Kevin De Bruyne quiet. The Belgium international has been sensational for City of late, scoring five in as many games including the only goal of the match against Atletico Madrid this week. Having battled with fitness issues earlier in the season, De Bruyne appears to have rediscovered his best form when it matters most. But he's coming up against arguably the league's best defensive midfielder in Fabinho with Liverpool not conceding in the Premier League with the Brazilian in the team since the 3-1 win over Crystal Palace back in January. Alisson, Virgil van Dijk and Joel Matip have been key to that record, but Fabinho is the heartbeat of Liverpool's system. The midfielder has even chipped in with four goals in his last nine games to create a different threat altogether for the Reds. DON'T MISS  Whoever gets the better of each other in midfield between Fabinho and De Bruyne could well play the biggest role in who comes out on top at the Etihad. Mohamed Salah may not be performing at the top of his game with just one goal in his last four league games, but the Egypt international remains the league's most lethal forward. And he has loved playing against Pep Guardiola's side of late, scoring four goals in his last five matches against City. Joao Cancelo failed to keep Salah quiet in the game at Anfield earlier this season with the Liverpool forward providing the assist for Sadio Mane's opener before scoring himself. But Salah's dip in form of late could well give Cancelo some confidence of getting revenge this time around. Liverpool have managed just fine without Salah firing on all cylinders, but Klopp will want his main talisman at his best to push the Reds to the top of the table. Equally, Guardiola will know that Cancelo's biggest task of the season will be keeping Salah quiet to give City the best chance of winning.