Linda (played by Kellie Bright) has been displaying some troubling behaviour over the past week. The EastEnders character returned to Walford to attend Tina's (Luisa Bradshaw-White) funeral but her drunken outburst at the crematorium left Nancy (Maddy Hill) and her former partner Mick (Danny Dyer) devastated and she was banned from the wake. According to official soap spoilers, Linda's alcoholism soon rages out of control - will Nancy launch an intervention? Linda and Mick were at loggerheads before Tina's funeral and matters only got worse when Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) was the woman who comforted him as he sobbed reading Tina's eulogy. Linda was green with envy and was soon given a dressing down by her daughter Nancy for her "selfish" behaviour at the funeral and "making the day about her". Devastated Mick looked ready to move on with Janine, Linda started drinking Vodka outside the church before kicking off at the crematorium. Later in the week, an intoxicated Linda attacked love rival Janine in The Queen Vic and had to be escorted out of the pub by Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) who looked after her. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Meena Jutla to fall pregnant before she exits In upcoming scenes, Linda turns more to alcohol for comfort as her addiction spirals out of control. BBC soap spoilers reveal her daughter Nancy spends the night with Zack Hudson (James Farrar) and Linda is surprised to see her at Sharon's. But Nancy makes it evident she wants nothing to do with her mother Linda following a turbulent week. Later on, Nancy discovers bottles of alcohol in Linda’s suitcase as well as a photo of the family.  Feeling guilty about alienating her mum since her return to Albert Square, she decides to talk to Linda and offers her an olive branch. Nancy later discovers Linda has been drinking around Sharon's son after overhearing a conversation about it. Will Nancy be the person to help her mum get the treatment she needs? Although Nancy is angry at her, she might be Linda's only help in curbing her addiction issues. DON'T MISS...Charlie Brooks health: EastEnders actress on giving up alcohol [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Sam Mitchell's secret exposed in Kat Slater twist [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Janine Butcher takes over Queen Vic as Mick exits [THEORY]    Perhaps a supportive Nancy will convince her mum to leave Watford with her so they can seek the support she desperately needs. Staying in Walford and seeing Mick and Janine together is likely to make matters worse for Linda so a break from Albert Square could certainly do her some good. Kellie Bright, who plays Linda, opened up about her character’s return in a recent interview.  When asked how Linda was feeling about seeing Mick again, Kellie said she was "dreading it" and felt "pretty wretched" about their failed relationship. “I think she's very hurt and I think she's actually terrified of the future and what it might look like for her,” the soap star told Digital Spy. With Nancy's support, there still may be time for Linda to turn her life around. EastEnders continues Monday at 7:30pm on BBC One. 