In light of the Government’s refugee plan to send asylum seekers arriving to the UK to Rwanda, Greg Hands snapped at Good Morning Britain host Adil Ray over the refugee plan. When asked what would happen if Jesus was a migrant today arriving to the UK, he claimed: “It’s 2000 years later the Easter story”. Speaking to Business Minister Greg Hands, Good Morning Britain’s presenter Adil Ray started: “Here we are celebrating Easter this weekend. “The life and times of Jesus Christ who himself was a refugee. “Under this scheme, Priti Patel’s and Boris Johnson’s government scheme, if he arrived in the UK today, Jesus would be sent to Rwanda." He then asked Mr Hands: “Would you send Jesus to Rwanda?”  Referring to Mr Ray’s question, Business Minister Greg Hands replied: “We can debate the question. “We can debate the Easter story and what happened or did not happen to Jesus. “The point is this is the government’s policy 2000 years later." He reiterated: “2000 years later 28 thousand people have made an illegal journey from France to the UK, between two entirely safe countries, and 27 people have died”. READ MORE: Brexit: Tories to unveil returning hero to save Red Wall   He then concluded: “This is 2000 years after the Easter story." During the interview at Good Morning Britain, presenter Adil Ray also openly defined the Government’s refugee scheme as “cruel”. The scheme, much discussed in these last few days, would in fact see asylum seekers arriving in the UK without proper permission being relocated to Rwanda. During the same interview, Business Minister Greg Hands also openly defended Boris Johnson’s behaviour at 10 Downing Street during the national covid lockdown. DON'T MISS: Putin's mouthpiece loses it on live state TV when asked to explain war [WATCH]Ukraine: Putin's horror torture chamber exposed [LISTEN]Hero general feared by Putin says Russia will be driven out of Ukraine [INSIGHT]  Referring to Partygate fine, the Minister claimed that despite the fines over Boris Johnson’s breach of Covid rules, the Prime Minister would not be resigning. The interview follows the Archbishop of Canterbury’s claim during the Easter Sunday sermon that the Government’s plan to send asylum seekers to Rwanda would be “opposite the nature of God”. During the sermon, Reverend Justin Welby also added: “The scheme cannot stand the judgement of God”. Responding to the Archbishop's claim on Easter Sunday, a Home Office spokesperson claimed: “The UK has a proud history of supporting those in need of protection and our resettlement programmes have provided safe and legal routes to better futures for hundreds of thousands of people across the globe”.  