White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki has been reported to be planning to leave her position in the Biden administration for a presenter role on the US news channel MSNBC. New York Post columnist Miranda Devine has the potential exit of Ms Psaki as evidence the Joe Biden White House is in "utter disarray." Ms Devine told Sky News Australia: "Look, I mean, she did signal some time ago last year that she would not be long in the job, to be fair, but by the same token, she's not the only person leaving. "It just seems that the White House is really from what I hear in the US and disarray. "They're coming out with conflicting messages on serious issues like Ukraine. "When Joe Biden went to Europe last week, and he gave that speech in Warsaw where he sort of ad-lib teeth last slide and said, for God's sake, you know, to get this man out of power, meaning regime change for Putin in Russia, in the White House came out immediately and said, No, no, you didn't mean to say that". She added: "Anthony Blinken, who's the Secretary of State also refuted that and they're constantly talking against each other and it's almost like there is a rival court in the White House that has Joe Biden's ear and then there's the rest of the White House in the State Department and they have a different on a different page and it's an absolute mess. "Everything about that place that makes you can't get answers out of them. "So I couldn't blame Jen Psaki for getting out while the going's good and there are jobs going. "I think there'll be a flood of people leaving the White House, especially after the midterms." It comes as President Biden's approval ratings continue to slump. A poll in the US this week suggests Donald Trump would beat his successor Joe Biden if the next US presidential elections were held now. Former Brexit Party leader Nigel Farage has argued the Republican Party nomination in 2024 is Mr Trump's if he should decide to run. Mr Farage told Sky News Australia: "I was with Trump three weeks ago, I was out in Florida yeah, on great form. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle in podcast takeover as Harry cut out of project [INSIGHT]Prince Harry on the spot as key security row paradox exposed [ANALYSIS]Jamaican MP hits out at claims she 'snubbed' Kate [VIDEO] "He also by the way over the weekend had a hole in one in golf, which isn't bad. "So the luck is going Donald Trump's way at this moment in time, and Biden's poll ratings going down and down and down, approval rating on one poll recently a 34 percent, which is very, very low in America, his Vice-President even lower. "If Trump wants the nomination for the Republicans, it's his, there's no question." He added: "Trump was right, wasn't he when he berated Angela Merkel and said, you know, stop making yourself wholly dependent on Russia. It makes no sense. He was right."