Eden Hazard will not leave Real Madrid until he has proven himself in La Liga, according to his brother Kylian. The Chelsea icon’s career in Spain is yet to take off and he has been linked with a return to the Premier League.  Real signed Hazard in a whopping £100million transfer in 2019. However, the forward has scored just six goals in 65 appearances, and has had his game time limited in recent seasons. Hazard played in just 14 Spanish top-flight fixtures last term as Real were pipped to the league by rivals Atletico Madrid. Seventeen outings this campaign is a better return but the 31-year-old is yet to score. The Belgian has been the subject of reports linking him with a return to England. Arsenal, Newcastle and former club Chelsea have been credited with an interest. JUST IN: Robin van Persie to Man Utd development as Ten Hag offers him job However, Kylian Hazard has said that his brother will not let go of his Los Blancos career lightly. The 26-year-old believes Eden will stay at the Bernabeu. “He’s not going to let Real go until he’s proven he’s the strongest there,” Kylian, who is on loan at Belgian second tier side RWD Molenbeek, told RTL Sport. “He’s proven himself at every club he’s been to, and for me, he doesn’t want to leave. “I don’t think he’s going to leave. If the president wants him to leave, and he knows he has no chance to play, then I don’t think that he will stay. But I can assure you, he will do everything to prove he is the best player at Real Madrid.” DON'T MISS...Newcastle plan to 'return' for £25m Ligue 1 goal machineArsenal hero Ian Wright agrees with Piers Morgan on Cristiano RonaldoRobin van Persie to Man Utd development as Ten Hag offers him job Chelsea and Newcastle were both linked with a January move for Hazard. The Magpies are newly rich following their Saudi-backed takeover last October and spent over £80m in the winter window to lift them away from the Premier League relegation zone. Arsenal have also reportedly entered the race in recent weeks. French outlet Foot Mercato claim the player’s representatives have met with the Gunners. Mikel Arteta and the Emirates Stadium hierarchy have generally favoured a transfer strategy that targets players under the age of 24, but the Spaniard rued the inexperience of his side following their third defeat in a row on Saturday. Arteta said he needed ‘world-class’ talent for his team to have a chance of catching up with the likes of Chelsea, Manchester City and Liverpool.    After Arsenal’s 1-0 defeat by Southampton, the 40-year-old was asked if his side’s lack of a clinical edge was the difference between his side and the Premier League’s elite. He responded: “It’s what we have. The players that we have haven’t done it in this league. When you have world class players who have done it in the league for ten years, I would probably say that. “I am the first one to defend them, to support them, you see how they try. The only way to do it is to insist that what happened today might happen the next day or the next month.”   