In an interview, Mr Johnson suggested that another threatening variant of Covid-19 could trigger a nationwide lockdown, warning that it would be “irresponsible” for any world leader to do so. This comes as the World Health Organisation (WHO) issued a warning last week against a new mutant 'XE' subvariant of Omicron, that appears to be more transmissible than any strain of the coronavirus.  Mr Johnson added that previous lockdowns saved lives and he is “not going to take any option off the table” if a new deadly variant arises. According to the Daily Beast, the XE subvariant is actually a “recombinant” variant, which means that it's a “Frankenstein”-style product of the BA.1 and BA.2 subvariants of Omicron . Reports from the WHO and UK Health Security Agency suggest that the new variant is 10 percent more transmissible than the BA.2 subvariant, which is already the most contagious. Mr Johnson told GB News: "I want to avoid any such thing ever happening again.  "And I can't rule out something... I can't say that we wouldn't be forced to do a non-pharmaceutical intervention again of the kind that we did. "I think it would be irresponsible of any leader, in any democracy to say that they're going to rule out something that could save life. "And I believe that the things that we did, saved lives, there could be… "I've got to be absolutely frank with you, there could be a new variant, more deadly, there could be a variant that affects children badly that we really need to contain. READ MORE: Covid hell: New Omicron XE variant sparks panic as China resorts to... While the XE subvariant only accounts for a small fraction of the cases, its extremely high transmissibility could mean that it becomes the most dominant strain in the near future. The report from the UKHSA said that as of March 25, a total of 637 cases of XE have been recorded in the UK. Nearly two weeks later, it’s unclear how many more XE cases have been found. According to reports, India detected its first case of the XE recombinant variant on Wednesday, although government officials have denied the reports. DON'T MISS: UK makes another 'stunning' nuclear fusion breakthrough: World-first’ [REVEAL] Putin's plot to hold Germany to ransom could end in disaster [INSIGHT] Sturgeon humiliated: Plot to block North Sea drilling thwarted [REPORT] Mr Johnson added: "I'm not going to take any options off the table, but I don't think it will happen. "I think we're now in the phase of... And this is the view of all the advisors I talk to, that we're now in the phase where the virus is losing its potency, overall. "And we've got a massively vaccinated UK population." UKHSA’s chief medical advisor, Professor Susan Hopkins, said: “This particular recombinant, XE, has shown a variable growth rate and we cannot yet confirm whether it has a true growth advantage. “So far there is not enough evidence to draw conclusions about transmissibility, severity or vaccine effectiveness.” 