Manchester United are ‘very close’ to hiring Erik ten Hag as their new manager, it has been claimed. The Ajax boss has become the frontrunner for the post in recent weeks, despite the club also having other managers on their radar. And a blockbuster move to Old Trafford is edging closer as the Red Devils look to become a force in the Premier League once again. It’s been a woeful season for Manchester United, despite the club spending big on the likes of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo back in the summer. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was relieved of his duties in November and, though Ralf Rangnick has spoken well, the 63-year-old has been unable to turn their campaign around. During the recent international break, United interviewed managerial candidates. Ten Hag was the first, though it’s since emerged they’ve also had some contact with Paris Saint-Germain’s Mauricio Pochettino. And Sky Sport’s Angelo Mangiante has now said Ten Hag is ‘very close’ to being named as the next United manager, though he does want a final answer from the club as soon as possible. He’s certainly got the backing of supporters, with many fans keen for the 52-year-old to be given the keys to Old Trafford. And this latest development suggests that he’s now ahead of Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui when it comes to taking over. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Pochettino has been admired by United for years, with the club impressed by the work he’s done at Southampton and Tottenham in the past. There is a genuine sense, however, that this ship has sailed. United contemplated hiring Pochettino in 2016 but, with the Argentine working at Spurs at the time, they ultimately opted to give the manager’s job to Jose Mourinho instead. In December 2018, when Mourinho was axed following a dismal start to the season, Pochettino was the strong favourite to replace the current Roma boss. But United hired Solskjaer on an interim basis before then giving the Norwegian the job permanently three months later. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Enrique would bring an attractive style to United and has done well with Roma, Barcelona and Spain throughout his career. But with the World Cup in Qatar creeping closer, he’s made it abundantly clear that he’s not interested in leaving his current role. Lopetegui has rebuilt his career with Sevilla, having previously struggled to coax the best from A-list players at Real Madrid. Yet those previous struggles at the Bernabeu count against him, with United’s dressing room full of big egos at the current moment in time. United have also been linked with Roberto Mancini in the wake of Italy’s failure to qualify for the World Cup. However, his Manchester City past makes him a difficult appointment - with the Italian previously winning the FA Cup and Premier League over at the Etihad Stadium. Regarding Ten Hag, Rio Ferdinand recently suggested he’d be a substantial hit if he can implement his attacking style on the team. “Ten Hag, the way his team plays, if you could replicate that at Man United, now we are talking,” he said. “His recruitment is unbelievable there, he has a conveyor belt of talent that comes through that feeds the first team. “He deals with rough jewels, people like [Sebastien] Haller, disregarded in England, [Dusan] Tadic, smashing it.” He added: “A club of the size of Man United with the egos and personalities in that changing room, its very different going to Ajax in that dressing room to this dressing room. “Ajax is a big club but in comparison to United it is very different.” Ferdinand did admit, however, that he was recently impressed by Pochettino after meeting the PSG boss. “I spent a bit of time with him and he really impressed me as a person, him and his staff, men of detail,” he stated. “I would see him thrive and really flourish in an interview. “I think he would impress the hierarchy and decision makers at Old Trafford if you have him in front of you. He certainly impressed me.”