The most recent shortage seems to be caused by climate protesters blocking major fuel depots. This in turn is exacerbating existing supply issues due to increased demand post-Covid lockdowns and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Several cities and towns across the UK, including London and Birmingham, have seen a wave of petrol station closures this weekend. And, motorists have now been warned against panic buying and rushing to refuel. Instead, they should wait until after the weekend if possible. Petrol stations have been suffering from supply chain issues after climate activism groups Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion have teamed up to block key terminals across the country to protest the environmental effect of oil and gas. READ MORE: Drivers could face £1,000 fines for having a dirty car Both groups said they want to disrupt fuel supplies to London and the South East of England and will continue to do so until the Government agrees to stop all new fossil fuel investments immediately. Oil pipeline distributors ExxonMobil UK said the protest, which started on 1 April, shut down three of its terminals as a result. Cambridgeshire, Oxfordshire and parts of the Capital have been particularly impacted across the weekend, with many filling stations now closed or suffering from long queues as people try to fill up. Tesco petrol station at Bar Hill in Cambridge and the petrol station at Cambridge Services on the A14 both ran out of fuel on Friday after motorists flocked to both sites to refuel. DON'T MISS Drivers call for EV owners to pay tax [REVEAL] Motorists forced to miss car servicing amid cost of living crisis [SHOCKING] Controversial parking plans could see villages littered with cars [WARNING] The BP station in Soham was also closed and the Tesco petrol station in Newmarket, Suffolk, had long queues before they finally ran out on Saturday morning. Londoners have also faced the same problems. One person who lives in London tweeted: “Why is no one talking about the fact there’s no petrol again? I’ve been all over the place and ended up having to come home on empty.” Another said: “No petrol in London petrol stations. Tried four petrol stations - all closed.” There were similar concerns in Oxfordshire. Balan Nadarajah, manager at Abingdon BP garage in Oxfordshire, told the Oxford Mail that the petrol station had completely run out of diesel, adding that he suspects the blockades are to blame. Mr Nadarajah said: “We haven't got any diesel at all; we only have 4,000 litres of unleaded which we will probably run out of today. “Hopefully we will have a delivery, but we haven't had any news from BP yet.” A store manager from a BP on Launton Road added: “We don't know when we're getting our next lot of fuel. We'll be out of everything in the next 20 minutes.” Diesel supplies were already tight, as global stocks of diesel and other middle distillates have fallen to the lowest seasonal level since 2008, due to refinery shutdowns during the start of the pandemic and a rise in demand since. Unlike Europe, which is short of diesel, the Middle East usually has a surplus. But increasing flows to Europe from the Middle East and the US will take time, one trader said, adding that for this reason “for now things will have to stay the same”. Neil Crosby, senior oil analyst at OilX, told the BBC: “Stocks of lots of fuels are relatively low, but diesel in particular, in Europe, in the US and in Asia as well.” He added: “The demand for diesel has been very strong up until the crisis, and that also contributed to that. There’s just an imbalance between supply and demand.” The war in Ukraine has exacerbated this, due to sanctions placed on Russia. Russia supplied 18 percent of the UK’s diesel in 2020, and finding alternative supplies to replace this is very difficult. A spokesperson for UK Petroleum Industry Association (UKPIA) told Reuters that fuel suppliers are working with the Government to deliver the fuels the UK needs “while adjusting long-term supply routes to reduce reliance on Russian crude oil and oil products”. Prices have also gone up, meaning some drivers have been filling their cars up as much as they can before they increase further, which is thought to have been impacting supplies. The AA pleaded with drivers to fill up their cars as normal and to avoid rushing to petrol stations - even if they see that their local garages are closed on social media. A spokesperson told MailOnline: “If you have half a tank, just wait until Monday to fill it up, there's no need to rush to the station.” “If your station is closed, you will probably find another one near you that isn't.” He continued: “While the blockades have undoubtedly had an impact, the closures appear to be localised and not nationwide. “The only impact they've had so far is the equivalent of a bad storm, the fuel industry is more than capable of dealing with such disruptions. “The great thing about oil tankers is that they're mobile and can simply unload at other ports which aren't being targeted.”