 Audit Scotland released a damning report which concluded that it could not determine why the contract did not carry the requirement of full repayment guarantee in the event of the yard going bust or failing to complete the construction of the vessels on time. The project is currently four years overdue with no end date in sight and “the cost for the two ships has ballooned from a fixed price of £97m to £240m” of taxpayer money according to former MSP Brian Monteith.   Speaking to Glenn Campbell, BBC Scotland Political editor, the First Minister appeared rather flustered and said: “I am responsible for all of the decisions that the government takes. “It would have been a decision that was taken, like all decisions, by ministers responsible, but I am ultimately responsible for all of the decisions.” “I’m not going to stand here and try to pass the buck to anybody else, the buck for all decisions the Scottish government takes rests with me and that is the position on this issue and is the position on all issues.”   Speaking on LBC Radio on Tuesday, Ms Sturgeon declared that she would “answer all and any questions” and flatly denied that the decision was driven for political gains. According to Alan Cochrane in The Telegraph, it is now clear that the First Minister may be accused of lying or misleading the Scottish parliament due to a former senior minister who has tried to challenge her version of events. Former Scottish Finance Secretary Derek Mackay was blamed by Ms Sturgeon for signing off the deal for the two ferries even though there were warnings about the contract. READ MORE: Prince Edward and Sophie will face challenges on royal tour in April  Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross accused Ms Sturgeon of throwing Mr Mackay under a bus and Mr Mackay is said to be nervous about becoming a scapegoat for the “shambles” of the deal. At the time of the contract being signed off, the First Minister also paid the former chief executive of the yard £2 million for two years of work. Ms Sturgeon said Junior Transport Minister Mr Mackay had signed off the contract though the statement had to be taken back after papers showed that Mr Mackay had been on holiday. DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Andrew's 'tone deaf' statement 'not seen by Queen' (INSIGHT)100,000 MORE techies 'to leave' Russia in IT industry exodus (REVEAL)Antiques Roadshow guest stunned over 'unbelievable' Rolex valuation (REACTION)  Mr Mackay quit the SNP in February 2020 and will give evidence to Holyrood’s public audit committee about his version of events. If this version of events is believed, Nicola Sturgeon may once again face calls that she misled the Scottish Parliament. 