The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall will take the monarch’s place at the event at St George’s Chapel, Windsor, next Thursday. It comes amid heightened concern for the Queen’s health in recent months. The monarch traditionally distributes Maundy money to pensioners at the service. The event was cancelled in 2020 and 2021 due to the Covid pandemic. The Queen last attended the service in 2019, where she was joined by Princess Eugenie. Maundy Thursday is an important date in the Christian calendar commemorating the Last Supper. It is a very important day for the monarch who has a strong Christian faith. Concerns were raised for the Queen’s health last October when she spent a night in hospital undergoing tests and was put on doctors' orders to rest. In March, she pulled out of attending the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey. The monarch also recovered from a bout of Covid in February. READ MORE: Prince Andrew should NOT attend Jubilee celebrations — POLL The 95-year-old put on a show of determination last week as she attended a memorial service for Prince Philip. The Queen, who has recently spoken about having mobility issues, used a walking stick and was escorted by Prince Andrew. Confirmation she would be present came only two hours or so before the service began. The Queen took the decision in the morning that she would be able to manage the engagement. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan makes 'crucial misstep' [LIVE BLOG]Cambridges should ‘absolutely’ move closer to Queen in Windsor [POLL]The Queen still visits Prince Philip's 'spacious retirement home' [ANALYSIS] Special arrangements were put in place for her comfort, with the service limited to 40 minutes. She entered Westminster Abbey using a shorter route rather than her traditional procession. Cameras were kept at a distance throughout the event. The monarch has only attended one other major event with the public since her overnight stay in hospital last year. On the eve of her Platinum Jubilee, she hosted a reception at Sandringham House for local charity workers, former estate staff and fellow Women's Institute members. Many of the Queen’s light duties are now carried out by video calls. During a recent in-person audience, the head of state said: "Well, as you can see, I can't move." Questions remain as to when she might appear during the four-day extravaganza in June to celebrate her milestone of 70 years on the throne.