There is barely a country in the world that has not benefited in some way from our culture and ingenuity. And the Royal Family was at the apex of this national identity, the jewel in the crown. So it should have come as no surprise that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s recent Caribbean tour showed that jewel has now been tarnished, dragged into the seemingly never-ending debate about slavery. While welcomed enthusiastically by thousands of locals, the tour became mired in demands for apologies and slavery reparations and a narrative around the evils of the British Empire. Meanwhile, the contention in the Glasgow Slavery Audit that Victorian explorer David Livingstone had links to slavery was roundly debunked this week by historians and authors. In fact, Dr Livingstone, whose statue in the city’s Cathedral Square is now endangered, spent most of his life working to ­abolish the slave trade. But are the activists with an agenda to promote actually listening? They certainly didn’t listen to Prince William. He did his best to appease critics, stating clearly that it was “for the people to decide” if the British monarch should remain head of state in Commonwealth countries. That very reasonable assertion was met by calls for slavery reparations. This is nothing new and raises many questions. Who should pay reparations when there are no slavers alive? Who should receive reparations when there are no slaves in those countries today? What would be the status of people with mixed ancestry in this debate? Many Caribbean people are descended from slavers AND slaves. Where does foreign aid tie in? The list goes on. This constant chipping away at Britain’s reputation is damaging patriotism. A YouGov survey a few years ago showed “only 32 percent of the British public felt proud to be British”. That aversion is even stronger among the younger generation. Just 15 percent of 18 to 24-year-olds see themselves as “‘very patriotic”, compared with 49 percent of over-60s. And no wonder, when a white person saying they are proud to be British is likely to be viewed as far-Right. It’s hardly surprising, given that our schools seem intent on flagging up the injustices imposed on other nations by the British Empire while ignoring the good that was done. Equalities minister Kemi Badenoch, a woman of Nigerian heritage, recently stipulated that “the positives of the British Empire must be taught alongside the negatives”. And she is absolutely right. The Empire, for all of its evils and failures, established a ­legacy of democracy, law and order, language, education and badly-needed infrastructure in many of its colonies, something that is conveniently overlooked in the frenzy of national guilt and self-flagellation. Meanwhile, we are expected to sit back and watch as anti-slavery activists pull down statues and demand buildings are re-named while cluelessly using products and services from modern-day slave economies. I used to live in Bristol, and I was horrified to see a mob of protesters tear down a statue of 17th Century merchant Edward Colston on the grounds it glorified slavery. These activists, who claimed to be defending people like me, conveniently ignored the fact that as Bristolians they were likely to be direct beneficiaries of his philanthropy. If they care so much about injustice, why not channel their efforts into ending slavery going on in the Middle East, Africa and Asia right now? Or are they more interested in a fun day out with like-minded protesters than in ­actually making a difference? The sad fact is modern-day slavery is so prominent in business supply chains, all of us are implicated in one way or another. The campaigning organisation Anti-Slavery International warns it is everywhere, “from the picking of raw materials such as cocoa or cotton, to the manufacturing of mobile phones or garments”. So let’s think carefully before we listen to the now fashionable denigration of British heritage and allow it to go unchallenged. Since the dawn of the Black Lives Matter movement, an ever-growing band of pundits stands ready to condemn the UK at every turn. Among ­academics, commentators, and even some MPs, nuanced views of British history are drowned out by a wave of hostility. They need to be careful what they wish for. History tells us that a country without an identity is a country that is lost.