Paris Saint-Germain star Neymar has fired back at claims that he turns up to training drunk with a cheeky social media post. The Brazilian striker hit back at the allegations after starring in PSG's emphatic 5-1 win over Lorient. It's been a difficult few weeks for the 30-year-old, who bore the brunt of the blame for PSG's early Champions League exit. The ex-Barcelona man - along with Lionel Messi - was jeered by fans after the French giants were dumped out of Europe by Real Madrid after a spectacular second leg collapse in their last 16 tie. PSG were also humbled 3-0 by Monaco in Ligue 1 to compound a miserable fortnight. Once again, Neymar was subjected to criticism in the wake of their domestic drubbing; this time from the French press. Journalist, Daniel Riolo, told RMC Sport: "Neymar hardly trains anymore, he arrives in a sorry state, almost drunk. That's the way it is, Neymar is in a spirit of revenge against PSG." But Neymar hit back with the perfect response to this wild allegations - both on and off the pitch - during PSG's first league match since they were mauled by Monaco. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Wayne Rooney backs Liverpool to beat Man City in crunch clash Neymar bagged a brace in the 5-1 demolition of Lorient, which included a stunning solo goal. Kylian Mbappe also netted twice and before Messi got in the act - the first time that PSG's expensively-assembled, all-star frontline have found the net in the same game. And after putting Lorient to the sword on the pitch, Neymar went on the attack off the pitch when recapping his stunning goal on social media. The Samba superstar shared the clip with a caption taking aim at Riolo's allegations, quipping: "I was 'drunk', that's why it worked... as they say around there”. Neymar's return to form is a welcome boost for Mauricio Pochettino, who is reportedly clinging to his job after PSG's Champions League exit - despite the fact that the club currently cruising to the French title with a 12-point advantage over Marseille. It's been a rough campaign for Neymar, who is PSG's highest earner. Injuries have plagued the former Santos man this term, restricting him to just 22 appearances. His double at the weekend took his tally for the season to seven goals. Neymar moved to Paris over five years ago in a deal worth over £200million; making him the most expensive player in the history of football. However, there had been claims that the striker was angling for a move after a tough season in Paris. But a recent report from GOAL outlined that Neymar has no desire to quit the French giants and is quite content with life at the Parc des Princes.