Manchester United are edging closer to clinching an agreement with Ajax boss Erik ten Hag to take over ahead of next season after making him their top choice ahead of Mauricio Pochettino to succeed Ralf Rangnick. It likely means Harry Kane will snub interest in them now. United appointing Ten Hag as their next manager will leave Kane pondering the next step in his career now with a Pochettino reunion at Old Trafford now incredibly unlikely. But that does not mean that he will stay at Tottenham. The Red Devils are desperate to sign a striker and there are not many better options than Kane while the Englishman is reportedly still looking at potential clubs. According to the Mirror, the 28-year-old will reassess his future in the summer after the season has finished. Kane would have been interested in a move to United if Pochettino was hired as manager, as he would like to work under the Argentine again as they enjoy a brilliant relationship. But Ten Hag's impending appointment has made the striker rethink his position, though that does not mean there are not a shortage of clubs interested in a transfer. However, currently Kane's best option might be to stay at Tottenham as they continue their fine form under Antonio Conte. In the Italian, Spurs have one of the best managers in the world and he is leading them into the top four of the Premier League - a position that might have been unthinkable under Nuno Espirito Santo. But if Kane is determined to leave in the summer and Daniel Levy's hardened resolve over letting him softens, the top option on his list might be Paris Saint-Germain - where a reunion with Pochettino is possible. That is if the 50-year-old remains at the Parc des Princes, though, with his future at the French club less than certain. Another scenario could see Manchester City reignite their interest in Kane, should they miss out on the signing of Erling Haaland. There are many problems that could arise over the prospective transfer of the Norway international, not least the finances that could balloon to over £300million. In a similar vein, Real Madrid are also an option for Kane as they look to sign Haaland as well - with the Borussia Dortmund star's future potentially aligning itself to the England captain's this summer. Both Real and City are believed to be the frontrunners for the 21-year-old and the 'loser' could see the Tottenham frontman as the ideal back-up target. A less-than possible avenue for Kane is to make his across town to Chelsea - where they are also looking to sign a striker amid their disappointments with Romelu Lukaku. After signing the Belgian for £97m last summer, he has scored just five league goals and there is talk that he could leave. A reunion with Conte could be Lukaku's best choice after the immense success they had together at Inter Milan. But that would surely only be allowed if Kane went the other way - a scenario that is hard to imagine with Levy determined to not let his talisman join a local rival - let alone a divisional one.