Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy is reportedly chatting ‘incessantly’ to Mauricio Pochettino, after recent news states the former Spurs boss is set to be sacked by Paris Saint-Germain. The Argentine recently won his first ever League title, after the Parisians romped to the Ligue 1 crown with four matches left to spare. However, Pochettino has seemingly been a dead man walking after his side capitulated against Real Madrid in the Champions League Round of 16 stage. PSG blew a two goal lead to be knocked out 3-2 on aggregate by a Karim Benzema striking masterclass in the second leg at the Bernabeu. While he was not immediately ousted from his position, French outlet Le Parisien, via Get French Football News, understands the manager is to be imminently sacked by the club after winning the title. Pochettino had also been linked with the Manchester United position, only for Ajax boss Erik ten Hag to be announced as the Red Devils’ next permanent manager. It will reportedly cost the French giants €15million (approximately £13m) to sack the former Southampton manager and his staff. But after reports from Get French Football News claimed Antonio Conte has offered his services to PSG, Levy has reportedly been ‘chatting incessantly’ to his former coach over recent months. JUST IN: Ten Hag details Ronaldo stance in first interview as Man Utd boss Pochettino managed the north Londoners for five years, guiding them to the 2018 Champions League final in extraordinary fashion. However, he was sacked and replaced by Jose Mourinho the following campaign, after only winning six of their 24 Premier League matches. Nevertheless, it has not stopped Pochettino from being linked with an emotional return over the last couple of seasons. After Mourinho succumbed to the same fate as Pochettino last season, the Argentine was regularly touted as a possible candidate to return to the club. DON'T MISS But such a move did not happen as Levy instead opted for Nuno Espirito Santo, before he was shown the door after less than six months in charge. Pochettino’s exit is yet to have been officially announced by the French giants. However, explosive reports from France claims this has not prevented Conte from offering his services on a two-year contract in the French capital. The former Chelsea manager only took over the Tottenham reins in November 2022. Conte’s contract at Tottenham is currently set to run until the summer of 2023. However, a series of fiery press conferences throughout the campaign has prompted regular speculation linking him with a Tottenham exit. Meanwhile, Pochettino is understood to be keeping his hards close to his chest in regards to a possible return to the club.