Belle (played by Eden Taylor Draper) was left devastated last week on Emmerdale when Al (Michael Wildman) took her plans for a wellness retreat in the village and pitched it to Kim Tate (Claire King). The ITV soap villain seems to think he can continue to double-cross everyone he meets but he has made a fair few enemies in the Dales in the process. His biggest mistake could have been betraying Belle as she could be the most conniving of all who is willing to go the extra mile to silence him once and for all. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) begins issuing warnings about Al to Belle, worried he has an ulterior motive for wanting to do business with her. For the past couple of years, Al seems to have crossed several members of the Dingle family, including Chas and her brother, Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley). Therefore, the pair have more than enough experience with the dodgy businessman to have a say in whether their relative joins forces with him. Needing a bit more support, Chas decides to tell Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton) her boyfriend is spending more time with the young woman. This sparks some concern in Kerry's mind but it might not be Belle she needs to worry about making things romantic with her man. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage With Al and Belle getting excited about the future prospects of their business plan, the former spots his ex-fiancée Priya Sharma (Fiona Wade) looking upset. Talking to her about what's going on, the businessman finds out his former lover is struggling with body confidence issues after being burnt in the maze fire. As the once frosty atmosphere begins to thaw between them, the pair lean in for a kiss as they have a charged moment. Later on in the week and following his betrayal, Al's partner Kerry becomes suspicious of him when she spots him checking his phone all the time. She has no idea who it is but Cain gets wind of his rival's kiss with Priya and believes there is a way he can ruin Al's life. The theory from Express.co.uk suggests Belle could have known about the kiss the whole time and knowing Cain has had a grudge against the businessman for a while, he would have been the best person to tell about the conversation Al was having with Priya. As part of the bigger picture, Belle will have put this plan together as really, she never wanted to go into business with Al. In her mind, she would have just needed him on her side long enough to find out something she could use as ammunition to get Cain's gears turning. She knows her brother has the potential to kill someone if he had to and if there is anyone who would want to see the back of, it's the businessman. However, having become the master of manipulation, no one would have the faintest clue it was Belle who orchestrated Al's murder. DON'T MISS...Paige Sandhu health: Soap star on 'terrible' anxiety - symptoms [ANALYSIS]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] Before this, though, the drama just continues to roll in as when Kerry believes Al is having an affair with Belle, she heads to a meeting they have planned with a wellness instructor. On her way to confront the pair, she also discovers the businessman shared a kiss with his former fiancée thanks to a tip-off from Cain. With this, Kerry's fuse blows and going off the rails, she ends up chucking a pint of beer all over Al whilst he's still in his meeting. The client, unfortunately, pulls out of the deal and although she acts devastated, Belle could have made the sacrifice so Al's reputation was put in jeopardy. This would allow for Belle to make a bigger case for not working together, just before Cain loses it and deals the killer blow to Al. It seems this moment could be coming sooner than first thought as Al suddenly realises it was Cain who told Kerry about his kiss with Priya. When they speak on the street towards the end of the week, Al is ready for war with Cain as his relationship with Kerry has ended as a result. As his life is in tatters, this would be the perfect time to get rid of the businessman as no one has any loyalty to him. If he were to mysteriously go missing, no one would care or even start a search party because of the way he has treated his neighbours. Could Cain and Belle get away with killing Al? The actress who plays Belle, Eden, has spoken out on her character's future and her relationship with Al, who might not realise who he has decided to do business with. Eden explained: "I think he might not know it yet but because Belle is a Dingle I think he might have met his match and she knows what he’s all about. "As much as she loves her brother she knows she can’t mess with him and I think this is really testing Belle as to whether she wants to stand on her own two feet and do her own thing and go against her family. "At the minute I think it’s under control and she thinks she knows what she’s doing, so she’s happy to move forward with it," she told Metro.co.uk. But is this a hint Belle is going to take control over whether Cain finally gets rid of Al? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.