Claire Randall (played by Caitriona Balfe) and Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) first bonded when the time-travelling nurse and Scottish highlander met during the Battle of Culloden in the first season of Outlander. Their relationship strengthened further when Claire healed Jamie’s hand after an altercation with her first husband's ancestor, Black Jack Randall (Tobias Menzies), and fans of the Starz drama think they’ve spotted an intriguing parallel in the latest season. Tom Christie could start to make advances on Claire after their brief yet significant moment after his surgery at the start of the sixth season. In the second episode of the latest outing, Allegiance, Thomas concedes defeat and allows Claire to operate on his injured hand. This wasn’t the first time Claire has operated on someone’s hand, as she performed similar surgery on Jamie after he was captured and tortured by Black Jack. Some fans are now convinced Outlander could be setting up an illicit affair between Claire and the Fraser's Ridge newcomer after drawing a connection to her moments with Jamie in the first season. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King One viewer took to Reddit when they noticed a similar look on Tom’s face when he awoke from passing out as Jamie’s following an accident in the show’s pilot. User BritishBeef88 posted: “Am I imagining it or did Tom Christie parallel season one Jamie when Claire was tending his injured hand in the first episode? “When he dropped away in a faint and came around, he seemed to do an awed double-take when he saw her.” Tom and Claire have had a tentative and distant friendship so far, as neither one is completely sure whether the other can be trusted. Although he was willing to let himself be vulnerable enough for her to perform surgery on him, Claire’s modern views clash with Tom’s devout Catholicism. However, this fan felt his expression when he came to clearly revealed some repressed feelings for the alluring healer. They continued: “It's reminding me of when Jamie fell off of his horse in the very first episode.” No spoilers will be found here, but they also made a vague allusion to what could be coming next for Tom and Claire as the Christies get more settled on the Ridge. DON'T MISS:The Rookie fans ‘in tears’ as Lucy relives kidnapping [REACTION]Jeremy Vine's show unable to air as ITN studio hit with power outage [NEWS]The Last Kingdom’s Finan star Mark Rowley recalls difficulty shooting [INTERVIEW] “Foreshadowing for what's to come later, obviously, but if it's intended then it's another fun parallel,” they added. Could Claire realise she reciprocates Tom’s feelings and begin a steamy hidden affair with the Ridge’s newest arrival? Readers and non-readers alike have also spotted the intriguing moment between Claire and her patient and took to the comments to speculate what it could mean for the rest of the season. Redditor mjp10e replied: “I kinda got that vibe too. I wonder if any non-book readers picked up on it at all.” And pest0pasta_ admitted: “I saw that look too and I was confused! Not gotten there in the books so I’ve no clue what's to come.” If Tom is concealing sinful feelings for Claire, he may eventually try to drive his old rival, Jamie, out of the Ridge by turning the rest of the community against him. Although, with the threat of the looming American Revolution, Tom might have to bite his tongue for now and wait until the war blows over. Starz has already renewed Outlander for a seventh season, so there’s every chance the Christies’ role in the series will continue to cause trouble for the Frasers. Outlander season 6 continues Sundays on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.