  Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen has admitted that letting her and husband Clive Owen's kids be more “hands on” can spark arguments. The shepherdess, 47, took to social media yesterday to share an insight into her home life with her fans.      Sharing an update with her 506,000 Instagram followers, Amanda wrote: “Teamwork makes the dream work. “Being hands on and letting the children be involved keeps them enthusiastic and interested.” However, she went on to admit: “They can be very competitive though, arguing about who is going who is going to pour the milk.” “You can see why I get very bad ear worms,” she quipped. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’     The mother-of-nine then added a picture of three of her daughters feeding some young lambs from a bottle. In other snaps, Amanda posed for selfies with her girls on their day out in the fields. The adorable pictures acted as a visual aid to help explain why she encourages her kids to get involved with farming, as they appeared to be totally engrossed in their tasks. The photos have already amassed more than 17,000 likes and 100 comments since they were posted yesterday.     Plenty of Our Yorkshire Farm fans rushed to the comments section to praise Amanda and her daughters for their approach to life at Ravenseat. Malcolm Jeffs wrote: “What a wonderful way for children to grow up and learn best wishes to you.” (sic) Elaine Bolam commented: “Love watching them with the lambs. New life.” Gemma penned: “Your girls are busy bees, they are helping you, much better than looking at screens all day.” (sic) READ MORE... Phillip Schofield and Luke Evans' secret friendship exposed on holiday [NEWS] Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey emotionally follows hearse as funeral begins [NEWS] Tom Parker’s kids send heartbreaking tribute to ‘daddy’ at funeral [INSIGHT]      Peter Armstrong wrote: “You must be so proud of all your children. All superstars.” Lynn Osborne said: “There’s always plenty of teamwork on the farm. Well done everyone.” Making reference to the family’s much-loved pet, Pete Hackney commented: “It’s what makes a close knit family. Don’t forget about Tony the pony with all this enthusiastic lambing!” While Christine Negus added: “I love watching your lovely family how you all pull together. Hope to see more on TV.” (sic)      Amanda and her family rose to fame through their Channel 5 series Our Yorkshire Farm. The series follows Amanda and her husband Clive Owen as they raise their nine children on a farm in the Yorkshire Dales. The series has been a massive hit for Channel 5, leaving many viewers stunned by the family’s team-work and can-do attitude. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch now on My5.   