 Fans of the ITV crime drama Grace will be happy to hear the show is back for a second outing. John Simm is returning as Roy Grace, and in true Grace fashion, he goes about solving a new case in an unorthodox manner. The actor has revealed how he copes with playing a character still haunted by his wife's disappearance while diving into the world of drugs, cyber-attacks, and a lot more.   The cast and creatives of Grace spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about the upcoming season of the hit ITV show. As part of a crime drama, the content the cast has to research can weigh heavy on them and they opened up about leaving their work at the door when they go home. Detective Superintendent Roy Grace has wanted to be a police officer since his childhood and now many years into his troubled career, he realises it isn't as easy as he thought it would be. Battling with the six-year disappearance of his wife while taking on new cases, the star behind the character has got used to switching on and off. Read More: Where is Anne Darwin now? What happened to her?    He said: "As soon as I take the suit off, it's gone. "We're actors. With the parts you play, sometimes, you can't take it home with you or else you will be in a lot of trouble." In the show, he and his police partner DS Glenn Branson (Richie Campbell) have to attend crime scenes revealing brutal attacks, drug misuse and worse. On the gruesome scenes they may have to film, he added: "I'm quite squeamish, and these guys [Richie Campbell and Zoe Tapper] agreed to go to an autopsy. I got out of that one!"   A new addition to this season is Zoe Tapper, who plays Roy's new love interest from the second episode, Cleo Morey. Cleo is a Senior Anatomical Pathology Technician and is set to get into some pretty scary situations over the future episodes. Echoing John's ability to leave a character at the door, she added: "Ultimately, we are telling a story, and there is that element of going to work to tell a story. "But there is no getting away from the fact that when there is good writing and good storylines, it does impact on you, and you think about it, and it's upsetting, but I think you have to leave it, or I certainly have to leave it at the door." DON’T MISS…Lorraine skewers Starmer over calls for Johnson to resign 'What are Labour doing?' [LATEST]Ukraine general forced to sit out war freed 'Shamefully, Germany had him banged up!' [LATEST]Where is John Darwin now? What happened to Canoe Man? [LATEST]   As this season develops, fans will get to see more into Roy's personal life and how the introduction of Cleo is a positive turning point. Cleo's introduction into the on-screen world of Grace does, however, cause a little animosity between long-time friends and partners Roy and Glenn. Appearing in the second episode, Roy and Cleo's relationship develops beyond that of being professional. Richie chimed in: "She's kinda killing the bromance a bit." Joking, he ended with: "It was nice to see him smiling again" The show is set in Brighton, and John admitted that the role "was meant to be" as not long before being offered the part, he and his wife relocated to Brighton. John concluded: "We'd started looking for a house and then while I was doing Macbeth in Chichester, I got the call asking if I wanted to play this Brighton detective and I couldn't believe it, I rang my wife and said, 'You're not going to believe what I've just been offered!'. "So, it just all fell into place, it was obviously meant to be." The series will be made up of three 120 minute long TV features allowing fans to really get stuck in. Grace season two episode one Looking Good Dead airs on ITV on April 24 at 8pm 