Erik ten Hag has a host of "very good players" at Manchester United that he will be able to get more out of, according to Ian Wright. The Arsenal legend is confident Ten Hag has what it takes to do better than his predecessors at Old Trafford. The Dutchman will take over from interim boss Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season. The current Ajax manager has beaten Mauricio Pochettino to the United job. United look set to miss out on Champions League qualification this season, highlighting the need for a busy summer transfer window. But Wright believes there are already eight players, who have underperformed at times this season, who Ten Hag can build his team around. The pundit is a fan of full-backs Diogo Dalot and Alex Telles, and thinks there is more to come from captain Harry Maguire. Wright says midfielders Scott McTominay and Fred have shown promise, with a front three of Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford leading the line. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp signs two-year contract extension until 2026  Speaking on the Kelly & Wrighty Show, Wright said: "So you think to yourself, if Ten Hag can come in, with these very good players, because they are very good players... I like Dalot, I like Telles who's come in, Harry Maguire with the right people [around him]. "Of course, if you give him the right protection, we've seen that he's going to be okay. Scott McTominay's got that engine, Fred we've seen him play very well. "Then up front you've got Ronaldo, you've got Sancho and then Rashford once he gets his form. So you've got players that if they're organised in a structure, and they start playing in the structure and they start getting confidence in it, they will beat teams." DON'T MISSLiverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer [GOSSIP]Mino Raiola 'in a bad position' in hospital as reps deny football super-agent has died [NEWS]Man Utd 'ruining their youngsters' with only Scott McTominay able to keep head above water [QUOTES]  Wright is at a loss as to why the players United have are yet to perform at the level many expected. But he believes Ten Hag is the right manager to get the best from them. He continued: "But I don't know how that hasn't happened up to this point. It didn't happen under Ole [Gunnar Solskjaer], you were thinking 'what are they playing at? What's their system?'. Ten Hag I think will give him that."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here