Newcastle are weighing up a cut-price £8million move for Mainz skipper Moussa Niakhate after moving on from the idea of landing Sven Botman, who is now in advanced talks with Italian giants AC Milan, according to reports. The Magpies were said to have been interested in a move for Botman during the January transfer window but ended up signing Dan Burn from Brighton for a fee of around £13million at the end of the month. The situation led to suggestions that Newcastle could decide to reignite their pursuit of Botman when the bidding re-opens in the summer months, but it seems as though they may have already moved on to one of their other targets. Niakhate has since popped up on Newcastle's radar after impressing with his performances at the back for Mainz over the course of this season, according to The Telegraph.It is claimed that Newcastle are one of several clubs with a desire to land Niakhate, who has played in the vast majority of Mainz's fixtures in the Bundesliga since the beginning of the campaign. The 26-year-old is also being tracked by the likes of West Ham and Everton, while a handful of unnamed Champions League sides in Germany have also been keeping tabs on his development over the last few months.Newcastle would save a considerable amount of money by chasing a move for Niakhate over Botman, who would have reportedly cost the Magpies a club-record transfer fee if they had tabled a suitable bid in January. The Mainz captain is expected to be available for as little as £8m in the summer as a result of his contract situation, with his current deal at the club set to expire at the end of next season. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard labelled a 'fool doing nothing' Niakhate is, like Botman, a left-sided centre-back and has shown plenty of versatility over the course of his career by operating as a left-back when required to fill in. He joined Mainz from Metz back in 2018 and went on to establish himself as a key member of the side before he was rewarded with the captain's armband at the start of the current campaign.It remains to be seen whether or not Newcastle will look to firm up their interest in Niakhate when the summer window finally opens at the end of the season. They are widely expected to spend heavily this summer in order to steer clear of another relegation battle at the next time of asking, but Amanda Staveley has already insisted that the Magpies will not be held to ransom by other clubs demanding huge fees for their prized assets. "We are not saying we are going to spend silly money, we are not," she told the Financial Times Business of Football Summit last month. "I hope that in the next transfer window people will see we are not going to overpay for players or assets."If people think we will spend silly money, we will not. St James’ belongs to the fans and we will always remember that."We are custodians and we are privileged to be there. We have the greatest fans so we want to make sure we do everything that is right for Newcastle." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here