The hit Channel 4 property show A Place in the Sun often sees couples presenting a list of boxes to tick as they enlist an expert's help to find the perfect place for them. Sometimes guests can be picky about what they want and will often reject a string of properties even though they seem to fit the brief. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Laura Hamilton said she understands the "personal" element of looking for a property and why it has to "feel right". "Property is such a personal thing," Laura commented. "Even if you think you're ticking somebody's boxes, they need to feel it as well. "You either feel it or you don't, and if a couple don't feel it, they don't feel it. "And I get that - I've bought and sold quite a few houses in my time and you know, some of them you just walk in and when you see something you like, you know. "It could be a property that does tick all the boxes but if it doesn't feel right, it doesn't feel right. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy "So I would never, ever question or be upset if a property wasn't for somebody, it's really personal and a big commitment." On the other side of the coin, Laura described how it feels to get it spot-on with someone's property. She explained it was "incredibly rewarding" to see someone fall in love with a house she has selected. "It's amazing when someone falls in love with it and they're going to buy it and you've been part of that journey for them. "And they feel it too because it's a story for them to tell, 'We brought a property abroad and so-and-so from A Place in the Sun helped us find it.'" "And obviously, you know, people want to take photos with us outside the house that they buy. "And they're like, 'Oh yeah, we want to put this in a frame' and you know, it's quite a unique experience.'" When asked about the hardest part of the job, Laura replied: "It's actually happening a little bit at the moment." DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh in stitches as he makes name blunder on The Chase [LATEST]'Prince Harry should lose titles like Andrew' claims royal author [INTERVIEW]Lord Sugar leaves The Apprentice candidates ‘feeling really tense' [EXCLUSIVE] Speaking from Italy, she continued: "In fact, I just got a text message from Jas [Harman] and she said to me, 'Oh, no, it's really raining in Spain, what's the weather like where you are in Italy?' "And I'm like, 'You know, it's not been much better, to be honest.' "We've had like a few weeks [of bad weather] and that does make it hard when you're tired and you're trying to show people properties on A Place in the Sun and then it's not sunny." She added: "But you know, if that's the hardship of it, then it's not really hard. "Because you're still getting to travel and explore and meet people and stuff. "So I think we've just been a little bit unfortunate in the last couple of weeks, but most of the time the sun is shining." Summarising her experience of the show and her future, Laura said she is very much "part of the team", having started on the program in 2012. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 4pm on Channel 5.