   Poldark and Carrie actress Gabriella Wilde, 32, has revealed her son was recently admitted to hospital. Her three-year-old toddler was pictured on Instagram in a hospital bed as she paid tribute to the NHS for his care.      She wrote: “Earlier this week my darling Skye was being cared for by the incredible team of doctors and nurses @ruhbath hospital. “I am so deeply grateful to all of those angels who looked after him and I with such grace and care.” She went on to pay tribute to the National Health Service, writing: “Thank you thank you thank you for everything you do and all the sacrifices you make to take care of and heal others. “I am so grateful to live in a country with national health care. READ MORE: 'I'm worn out' Jeremy Clarkson doubts farming future     “It is something we must NEVER take for granted. Skye is now well and home playing with his brothers.” Gabriella, who comes from the aristocratic Anstruther-Gough-Calthorpe family, has not disclosed why her son was admitted to hospital, but is glad to have him home. Skye is the youngest of the three sons she shares with her singer-songwriter husband Alan Pownall. His brothers are Sasha, eight, and Shiloh, six.       Gabriella’s friends and fans took to the comments section to send messages of support to her family. Made In Chelsea’s Proudlock sent heart and prayer hands emojis, while Highlander’s Beatie Edney wrote: “Thank God he’s better - love to you always.” Isa DemRio penned: “OMG Gabriela !! What stressful news ! Hope all is fine now, that your Skye will be safe at home, surrounded by all his family love…” (sic) Michelle Wilbert commented: “We're all very glad to know that your precious boy is well and back home with his family. READ MORE... Monty Don bids farewell to Gardeners' World colleague  [NEWS] Bruce Willis’ aphasia has ‘been hard' for his wife Emma [LATEST] Penny Lancaster stuns in 21st birthday throwback snap [UPDATE]    “As a mother, I also hope that you're now able to get some rest and relaxation.” Jane Maryon added: “Oh Gabriella, I’m so glad he’s well and back home with you all xx.” Sue Goains wrote: “Know how scary that is, and how helpless you must have felt! “So grateful for those hardworking folks that take good care of us. Glad your little one is well and back to his o’l self again!” (sic)      Gabriella played Caroline Penvenen in the BBC drama Poldark from 2015 to 2019. She also starred as Sue Snell in the 2013 remake of Carrie, which featured Chloë Grace Moretz in the titular role of the film, which is based around the famous Stephen King novel. She portrayed Constance Bonacieux in the Three Musketeers alongside Orlando Bloom and Logan Lerman. Gabriella also had small roles in St Trinian's 2: The Legend of Fritton's Gold and Doctor Who episode The Vampires of Venice.   