It was his failure to act that prompted me, together with other leading unionists in Northern Ireland, to initiate legal action against his government’s Northern Ireland Protocol. Every step of the way, the courts have agreed with us. They agreed the Act of Union, the very act that created the United Kingdom, had been subjugated by the Protocol. And they agreed the Good Friday Agreement, which the Protocol falsely claims to protect, had been ignored in order forcibly to hand over Northern Ireland to the EU. But we are now taking this action to the Supreme Court. Why? Because even though the lower courts agreed with us, they decided all these acts of monumental constitutional self-harm had been legally administered. Can you imagine any government being legally entitled to trample all over our constitution and the rights of our citizens? I cannot. In truth even the lower courts have their doubts about the legality of the Union busting Protocol. That is why the Court of Appeal readily granted our application to appeal and even asked for its own rulings to be reconsidered. In the meantime our Prime Minister persists in throwing up smokescreens around the Protocol. His latest being the drafting of new domestic legislation to empower the government to break the Withdrawal Agreement and hence the Protocol. Really? He does not have the courage to even suspend the Protocol, let alone throw it under a bus, which is where it belongs. He has forsaken Northern Ireland. The Prime Minister’s rhetoric is designed to appeal to Brexiteers while he smooths over Partygate. A bit like his Rwandan deportation centre which will equally be dead on arrival.  I say this to the Prime Minister: We do not believe you. We have heard far too much about your commitment to the union of the United Kingdom without your lifting a single finger to protect it. You have misled Parliament over the Irish Sea Border. You have falsely claimed the Act of Union to be intact, while your own lawyers were arguing otherwise. You have repeatedly said you would not hesitate to invoke Article 16 to suspend the Protocol but all you have done is hesitate. You are wilfully presiding over the breakup of our country. You cower from the EU and cannot be trusted. The Tory party is grappling hard with its conscience over Partygate. It need not bother. If it is looking for good reason to eject this Prime Minister, it has had one for over two years – the surrender of Northern Ireland. When I embarked on this legal action I said we were putting ourselves in the hands of British courts which I hoped would be just. I continue to travel in that hope now that we are destined for the highest court in our land. 