Countless celebrities have touted the perks of fasting in the past. But Foxx, 54, isn’t one of those people. For him, it’s all about eating “smart” and making sure you’re putting the right things in your body rather than eating less. He personally has a diet high in protein and thinks “eating right” is crucial.  “If anybody tells you to fast or not eat, it’s the worst thing you do,” Foxx said. “For me, it’s about eating right.” The star shared with Men’s Journal the typical high-protein meal he has every day – and it epitomizes his dislike for fasting and love for protein. He said that for breakfast he will eat egg whites, turkey sausage, and turkey bacon. And on top, he’ll have a piece of toast and a teaspoon of ‘jelly’. READ MORE: 'Resistant' warts on fingers and palms – skin doctor provides solutions to get rid of it  Fasting is celebrated as a way to lose weight easily but there is some evidence that a diet high in protein like Foxx’s can also reduce overeating. One study found that an increase in protein intake can make overweight women eat 441 fewer calories every day. “You just have to eat smart and put the right things in your body,” Foxx told Men’s Journal. “You can eat anytime you want to, as long as you are doing the right things.  “Sometimes it’s just literally kale and spinach, or sometimes the crispy spinach or fruit for a snack.” Despite Foxx’s distaste for fasting, there is evidence that suggests fasting can be helpful depending on the outcome you’re after with your diet. Fasting has been found to reduce the level of potentially damaging LDL cholesterol as well as triglycerides, which are linked with the onset of heart disease, in the blood. A study published in the research journal Obesity found that eight weeks of alternative-day fasting resulted in 25 percent lower levels of LDL cholesterol and 32 percent less triglycerides in the blood.  There is also some evidence from studies on animals that fasting may be able to reduce the risk of Alzheimer’s. One study published in Neurobiology of disease concluded that intermittent fasting and calory restriction regimes can “ameliorate” age-related problems with thinking. Dietary guidelines change regularly based on the latest developments in research. For example, over the years, the Eatwell Guide, which is the diet the NHS recommends all people to follow has changed to adjust to this research.  However, there are some core principles that it still recommends. “Aim to eat at least 5 portions of a variety of fruit and veg each day. Choose from fresh, frozen, tinned, dried, or juiced,” states the NHS. Meanwhile, starchy foods such as potatoes should make up a third of your diet. On the NHS website, there is a full explanation of the Eatwell Guide. 