Former This Morning presenter Fern Britton has told how she's "not taking s**t from anybody" as she reflects on her split from her ITV husband Phil Vickery. One of TV's golden couple's, Phil and Fern caused shockwaves when they announced they were going their separate ways in January 2020. But in a new interview, Fern, 64, has reflected on how she's focussing on herself and the "brand new chapter" in her life. The star candidly revealed that she's becoming more confident with age The ITV star said: "When you get to 40, you think, ‘I’m not going to take any more s*** from anybody.’ "When you get to 50, you start saying ‘F***off!’ to everybody. "When you’re 60, you think, ‘Do you know what? I can’t be a****. I’m allowed to say it," she added. READ MORE: Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip Fern met her second husband Phil when they appeared on the BBC show Ready Steady Cook. The pair tied the knot in 2000 before they welcomed their daughter Winnie, who was born in 2001. However, they both announced their marriage was ending in a statement on Twitter in January 2020. Addressing her recovery from the break-up, Fern admitted that it was "difficult". She said: "People say that they bounce back from a long relationship, but it takes a while. "The rebound is difficult. "You chuck the pebble in the pond but the ripples go on for a very long time" she explained to Woman & Home magazine. She added that she feels reassured by the "brand new chapter" she's in following her split from Phil. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he isn't sure about GMB future after backlash [INSIGHT]Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip [ANALYSIS]Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts in 'emotional' hospital update [UPDATE] Addressing her split in 2020, Fern took to Twitter and penned: “After more than 20 happy years together, Phil and I have decided to go our separate ways. “We will always share a great friendship and our lovely children. We would appreciate it if our privacy is respected at this time. “Thank you for your continued kindness and support.” (sic) Fern also opened up about seeking a therapist, her time on This Morning and feeling more autonomous with age in the candid chat. The presenter was previously married to her first husband Clive Jones. The couple wed in 1988 and were together until 1998. During this time, the presenter gave birth to twin boys, Jack and Harry, as well as daughter Grace. You can read the full interview with Fern Briton in the May issue of Woman & Home is on sale Thursday 7 April 2022. Pointless celebrities is on this evening at 7.45pm on BBC One.