On Monday, Dan Walker stunned his Twitter followers after he announced he would be leaving BBC Breakfast after six years to move to a new role at Channel 5. The Strictly Come Dancing star will be moving to the broadcaster to present the news at 5pm every day. However, during Tuesday's BBC Breakfast, Dan told his co-star, Sally, he "loved her to bits" as he discussed his decision to leave. "We have been friends for 20 years, we have worked together for six months and you're off," Sally began. "I know," Dan simply replied as he added: "But you know that as I explained to you before all the news came out, that this has been a really difficult decision for me. "[It has been] probably the hardest decision I've ever had to make in my career because I love you to bits and I love working with you." "I love you too, Daniel," Sally told him before Dan said: "I love the team at BBC Breakfast and the six years I've had on this sofa have been the best six years of my career by some distance." READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits He continued: "But sometimes I think opportunities come along and you have to grab them, don't you? "I have never ever been motivated by money in any job that I have ever taken and even though I love BBC Breakfast and everyone that works on the show, this is a fantastic opportunity to work with a brilliant team at Channel 5. "And also go and make some programmes outside of news." "Oh, what might we see?" Sally went on to ask as Dan teased: "I can't give anything away." Sally joked: "I can think of a few ideas, Dan Walker travel show?" "You're always suggesting shows I should do," Dan laughed. "Are you trying to get rid of me?" "Finally it has worked, he is going," Sally jested before Dan went on to thank viewers for all their kind messages. He admitted: "I said to you, 'I don't think anybody will care' but I've had so many lovely messages from BBC Breakfast viewers and other people as well." DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star Ralf Little on ‘vindication’ of Neville [INSIGHT]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [NEWS]Channel 4 air Grease despite calls to never be shown again [REACTION] On Monday, Dan released a video clip to social media confirming the news that he is leaving BBC Breakfast. He explained to his followers that his last show with Sally will be "in a few weeks". Along with the clip detailing his reasons for leaving the show, Dan penned: "Thank you for all your kind comments. "Big decision for me to leave Breakfast but I’m really excited to join 5 News & Channel 5." He went on to add: "It’s been a privilege to work with some amazing people at Breakfast and I’ve had such a happy 6 years there. See you back on the sofa tomorrow." Dan's co-stars and followers were quick to reply to the news, with Carol Kirkwood tweeting: "Daaaaannnn …. Congratulations! Wishing you every success… but we will miss you." (sic) The father of two's former colleague Louise Minchin wrote: "Massive congratulations and good luck Dan. You will be missed on @BBCBreakfast but you won’t miss the early alarm calls." While Nina Warhurst penned: "Ohhhhhhhh I’ve loved working with @mrdanwalker & I loved working @5_News, so I wish them well & hope they’ll be very happy together ok so stop asking." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.