Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) and the Hawkins gang have one last battle to save their town in the highly anticipated fourth and final season of Stranger Things. The hugely popular streaming series will be dropping the first half of the fourth outing on Netflix later this year, and the latest trailer has introduced viewers to a terrifying new antagonist. A horrific new evil has emerged beneath Hawkins in the latest trailer for Stranger Things season four. The brand new footage was released on Tuesday ahead of Volume One's release on Netflix on May 27. Season four will begin with Eleven, Mike Wheeler (Finn Wolfhard), Will Byers (Noah Schnapp) and the rest of the group being brought back to Hawkins to fight an oncoming war. Meanwhile, Sheriff Jim Hopper (David Harbour) is still alive and well in the Russian prison camp fans saw at the end of season three. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry Unfortunately, Eleven’s supernatural abilities are waning, and a powerful, unnamed puppet master threatens to plunge the town into the depths of the Upside Down yet again. An official synopsis for season four reads: “It’s been six months since the Battle of Starcourt, which brought terror and destruction to Hawkins. “Struggling with the aftermath, our group of friends are separated for the first time – and navigating the complexities of high school hasn't made things any easier. “In this most vulnerable time, a new and horrifying supernatural threat surfaces, presenting a gruesome mystery that, if solved, might finally put an end to the horrors of the Upside Down.” In the final moments of the trailer, a horrifying zombie-like creature descends from the ceiling of a dark room within the Upside Down. His voiceover warns the gang: “It’s time. You have lost.” His creepy array of tendrils suggests the evil figure could be in control over the entire dark dimension which has been plaguing Hawkins with disappearances and horrors since the first season. It’s still unknown who the new villain could be, though it’s speculated he’s somehow connected to some new elements and characters who will be introduced in season four. DON'T MISS:Law and Order’s Dylan McDermott says fans will ‘forget’ about Wheatley [INTERVIEW]The Walking Dead fans spot set mishap in season 11B finale [BLUNDER]Yellowstone’s Kayce star ‘didn’t know’ meaning of iconic scene [INSIGHT] Along with the returning core cast, the final instalment will introduce Freddy Krueger himself, Robert Englund, as an unhinged murderer named Victor Creel. As revealed in a previous sneak peek, Victor has lived in the creepy mansion known as Creel House, whose foreboding structure dominates much of the new trailer. After moving to Hawkins in the 1950s, he committed a grisly murder and was committed to a psychiatric hospital. The Nightmare on Elm Street legend was briefly glimpsed in the new trailer, with both his eyes seemingly gouged out and hideously scarred. As the new figure appears to reside in the Upside Down’s version of Creel House, he could very well be the dimension’s manifestation of one of Hawkins’ darkest secrets. Fans have also speculated the new villain could be named Vecna, a prominent character in Dungeons and Dragons lore and a name that has popped up in an episode title in season four, Vecna's Curse. There will undoubtedly be many more theories and speculation to come following the release of the latest packed trailer for Stranger Things season four. Although full details of Volume One are being kept under wraps, these clues may have already given fans a good idea of what’s to come in just over a month’s time. Stranger Things season 4, vol. 1 will be released on Friday, May 27 on Netflix.