The Duke and Duchess of Sussex flew into the UK on Wednesday from Los Angeles. The couple spent a night at Frogmore, before going to Windsor Castle on Thursday to meet up with the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and the Queen. Despite greeting his father with a kiss, Harry's encounter with Prince of Wales was described by insiders as being "frosty". A source said both Charles and Camilla were nervous before the meeting, which was curtailed due to the late arrival of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. They told the Daily Mail: "Given the background, Charles and Camilla were understandably nervous about the whole meeting and a bit worried that they might be hijacked. "There's a lot of trust that now needs to be built up. "I'm sure concerns about the book Harry is writing may have played some part and Camilla felt she needed to be there, not only to support Charles, but also to hear everything that was said to ensure that recollections of what was said would not vary this time." Harry is currently writing a memoir about his life in the Royal Family that is due for publication later this year. He signed a deal with Penguin Random House that is believed to be worth millions of dollars. Royal Family members are said to be nervous about what the Duke of Sussex might reveal in his book. However, royal expert Omid Scobie claimed that Harry has no intention of attacking the Queen or the rest of the Royal Family in his forthcoming memoir. Mr Scobie said on the March 10 episode of the Royally Obsessed podcast: "Harry really is going out of his way to make sure that there isn’t material in there that can be seen as negative towards the Queen or her reign in any way whatsoever." He added that the Duke of Sussex wanted to “celebrate” the Queen’s life and his relationship with her in the book. The “Finding Freedom“ co-author also noted Harry would not be making any bombshell revelations, in contrast to some of his previous media interviews. READ MORE: Queen’s meeting with Harry and Meghan could lead to Jubilee appeara... He explained: "I think for people expecting that warts-and-all moment, it’s not going to happen. "That said, it’s still going to be fascinating.” Harry and Meghan travelled to The Netherlands after their brief stopover in the UK. The couple are attending the Invictus Games that are being held at the Zuiderpark in The Hague. Meghan told the audience that Harry had spent "many late nights and early mornings" planning for the games and that she "could not love and respect him more." DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan hoping 'Charles will be open' to review arrangements [NEWS]Royal expert praises Charles and the Queen for being 'bigger people' [SPOTLIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'in and out in 15 minutes' on secret visit to Windsor [REVEAL] The couple shared an intimate kiss, before Harry delivered an emotional speech to the more than 500 injured veterans taking part in the Games. During his speech he made references to his three-year-old son Archie, telling the audience that his son one day wanted to be an astronaut and another day a pilot. "A helicopter pilot, obviously," said Harry, in reference to his own military career. He continued: "But I remind him no matter what you want to be when you grow up it is your character that matters most and nothing would make his mum and me prouder than to see him have the character of what we see before us today. "You as a community have overcome immense challenges and you are healing and teaching the world as you go. "You are people of resilience, and strength and of heart. You have the heart of Invictus."