Keeping Up With The Kardashians launched in 2007 on E! and kept fans entertained for 14 years. However, last year, Kim Kardashian and her sisters decided to bring their reality show to a natural end. The Kardashian-Jenner clan released a statement revealing the show would be cancelled, having "decided as a family to end this very special journey". However, fans knew the family wouldn't be away from the spotlight for long, as shortly after they announced a spin-off show simply titled The Kardashians. The first series, which consists of 10 episodes, premiered on April 14, on the American channel Hulu. Each week, the broadcaster will drop a new episode, although Hulu is not available to UK customers. However, the series will also be streamed on Disney+, meaning UK fans will have a way of watching the show. KUWTK may have launched the Kardashian family's careers, but off the back of that, the sisters launched a number of reality shows of their own. READ MORE: MAFS Australia: Producers allegedly cut out key scenes from Domenica Kourtney and Khloé Take Miami, and Kourtney and Kim Take Miami – 2009 Two years after launching Keeping Up With The Kardashians in 2007, the Kardashian sisters launched two spin-off shows. Their series' lasted three seasons and mainly showcase the drama the sisters faced when opening their own fashion store Dash. This was also the show where Kourtney discovered she was pregnant with her first child, Mason. Keeping up with the Kardashians: The Wedding – 2009 This 90-minute special was the time Khloe got married to Lamar Odom, which gave Kris Jenner just nine days to organise their perfect day. Kourtney and Kim Take New York – 2011 Following the success of their Miami spin-off, in 2011 Kim and Kourtney launched another reality show in New York. This time, it focussed on the opening of their Dash store and the drama of Kourtney and Scott's relationship. Khloe & Lamar – 2011 After their whirlwind wedding, Khloe and Lamar launched their own spin-off in the same year. It also featured Khloe's brother, Rob, although, it came to a sad ending when Khloe and Lamar got divorced. Kim’s Fairytale Wedding: A Kardashian Event – 2011 Kris Humphries made his debut in Kim's New York series, although the couple also had a show dedicated to their extravagant wedding day. Although, things weren't meant to be, as Kim and Kris split 72 days after their big day. Kendall’s Sweet 16 – 2011 Kendall Jenner was heavily featured in KUWTK, but back then she was only a child. When she turned 16, the teenager got a show of her own. Ryan Seacrest with the Kardashians – 2013 This one-off special saw KUWTK co-creator Ryan Seacrest discussing all the Kardashian-Jenner drama. A Very Merry Christmas – 2013 The same year, the Kardashian's launched their first-ever Christmas special where the family took a look back at their fondest festive memories. DON'T MISS...The Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik speaks on reuniting with co-star [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames A [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [NEWS] Kourtney and Khloé Take The Hamptons – 2014 In 2014, Kourtney, Khloe and Scott launched a show as they launched another Dash store in The Hamptons. Keeping Up: Kardashian Rewind – 2015 The Kardashian family took a moment to look back at their previous KUWTK series'. I Am Cait – 2015 Caitlyn Jenner launched her first solo show, which took a look back at the reality star's trans journey. It also heavily featured her daughters Kylie and Kendall. Dash Dolls – 2015 Following the success of their Dash stores, Khloe, Kim and Kourtney launched a series dedicated to their fashion brand. However, there was a lot of drama between their employees along the way. Rob & Chyna – 2016 Rob had kept a low profile over the years, although, in 2016 he launched a show with his then-fiancée Blac Chyna. They also featured in an hour-long special surrounding the birth of their child, Dream. Revenge Body with Khloe Kardashian – 2017 Khloe decided to launch her own show helping fans to get in shape and lead a healthier lifestyle. Life of Kylie – 2017 In 2017, the youngest sister Kylie launched an eight-episode show surrounding her life. Flip It Like Disick – 2019 Kourtney's ex-boyfriend and the father of her children, Scott launched his own show in 2019 about property. E! True Hollywood Story: Who is Kim Kardashian West? – 2019 This one-off centred around Kim Kardashian and her relationship with rapper Kanye West. The Kardashians is available to watch on Disney+, with new episodes released every Wednesday.