BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Munchetty, 47, has taken to Twitter to mischievously hit back at a fan, whose trip to Manchester almost caused disastrous results for the pair of them. The social media user, StephenM, admitted he had narrowly avoided hitting Naga with his car while out and about in the city for the weekend. He penned yesterday: “In Manchester for the weekend and nearly ran over @TVNaga01.”  After spotting the fan’s confession, Naga cheekily fired back in view of her 270,000 followers: “Thanks for the safe driving! X.”  Explaining his error, StephenM wrote back: “Trying to find the Lowry carpark and not looking where I was going. Have a great weekend.”  It wasn’t long before Naga’s fans took to the comments section of the pair’s exchange to share their thoughts on the scary near-miss. READ MORE... Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband  Woodswood tweeted: “Thankfully still alive to tweet.”    Eamonnito added: “Relief.”    OComedie commented: “You would never ever have been allowed in Manchester again, if you did!”    Naga is often spotted in Manchester, as BBC Breakfast’s studios are based in Salford.  Unfortunately for the star, she was embroiled in yet another blunder while hosting BBC Breakfast this morning. Naga awkwardly slipped up on air, after mistakenly saying Prime Minister Boris Johnson had spent his first night in prison. The presenter had confused Boris Becker with Boris Johnson while discussing today’s headlines. Tennis star Becker was jailed on Friday afternoon after being charged with hiding his assets after bankruptcy. DON'T MISS:Helen Skelton devastated over husband Richie 'dating younger woman' [INSIGHT]Jossara Jinaro dead: ER actress dies at 48 as husband shares 'sorrow' [HEALTH UPDATE]Kate Garraway breaks silence on GMB absence after ‘urgent' home issues [COMMENT] However, Naga instead told BBC Breakfast viewers: "Three-times Wimbledon champion Boris Johnson has just spent his first night in prison.  "He was sentenced for two-and-a-half years for hiding assets to avoid paying debts."  Naga wasn’t corrected on her error by her co-hosts Ben Thompson and BBC sports reporter Mike Bushell, as the trio proceeded with the broadcast as normal.  Despite not being called out for her mishap on-air, many viewers flocked to Twitter to laugh about Naga’s slip of the tongue. Pippa Lea wrote: "Naga, saying Boris Johnson instead of Boris Becker #bbcbreakfast! LOL!"  Priceless Opinion added: “WHAT??? Naga?? BORIS “JOHNSON”???? I think you MEANT Boris “BECKER”!!! Spent his first night in Jail!  “BUT, we WILL take Boris Johnson too!! That works!”  Greg Eden quipped: “Was that a Freudian slip from Naga Munchetty "Boris Johnson spending his night in prison”.”