Ronnie O’Sullivan is known for his killer mentality in snooker, and that quite literally proved to be the case on Tuesday. Only a handful of shots had been played in the second session of The Rocket’s quarter-final clash with Stephen Maguire at the World Championships when a fly dropped in on proceedings.  However, the six-time champion’s palm swiftly came down on it. Or so we thought. “You don’t want something flying while you’re down there taking your shot, asking the ref to catch it,” the commentator said. O’Sullivan and the official chuckled as they shared a brief conversation, and it appeared as though he did not quite catch it before. Therefore, the snooker legend went back to the same spot in which he had spotted the fly and drove his palm down on the table and crushed whatever may have been left of it. “That’s what is called a killer instinct", Joe Johnson said on Eurosport commentary. O’Sullivan struggled to find his best form in the match however and dropped a violent miscue during the second session of his quarter-final and cut an out-of-sorts figure despite increasing his advantage to 11-5. JUST IN: World Snooker Championship LIVE scores: Ronnie O'Sullivan in control vs Stephen Maguire  Once the session had come to an end, the unsatisfied 46-year-old analysed his performance and the struggles with his cue. “I battled hard, I had a couple of chances but it felt tense out there," he told Eurosport. “I enjoyed the battle, just trying to stay in a good place and try to give yourself a chance to play well. As long as it (cue tip) doesn't implode on me then it will stay on. It’s not ideal, but the more I play with it the more I get a bit comfortable with it. I’ve played with worse and won so that’s all I can say.”  “There’s no point in looking for the winning line, you just have to keep playing frame after frame and ball after ball and get into that rhythm. That’s what tends to happen the longer you stay in this tournament, you have to adopt that type of mindset.” O'Sullivan remains on a collision course with fellow Class of ’92 member John Higgins in the semi-finals. Higgins holds a 5-3 lead over Jack Lisowski in their last eight clash.