Netflix’s science fiction horror series Stranger Things is set to return to screens with its fourth season next month and it looks as though things could get dark for a fan-favourite. After unveiling a huge clue about Mike Wheeler (played by Finn Wolfhard), the actor hinted his character could become a huge villain.  After landing on screens in 2016, Stranger Things became a worldwide phenomenon with fans hooked on the thrilling storyline which was set in the 80s. The show started with 12-year-old Mike who made it his mission to find his best friend Will Byers (Noah Schnapp) who mysteriously disappeared. Along the journey, Mike and his group of friends discovered a strange girl Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) who possessed the power of telekinesis. As the series evolved, she helped them find Will and became a key member of their friendship group.  READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story development Despite being a trusted member of the group who was often thrust into leadership roles, it seems as though things could take a sinister turn for Mike. During an interview with Entertainment Weekly, creators Matt and Ross Duffer opened up about the different ways the group was changing in the upcoming season four. Max (Sadie Sink) will continue to grieve the loss of her brother who sacrificed himself for them. Lucas (Calen McLaughlin) will take his shot at becoming a popular kid at school by joining the basketball team.  As for Mike and Dustin (Gaten Matarazzo), they continue to play their fantasy table-top game, Dungeons & Dragon (D&D), as they have done throughout the series. The two had become members of the Hellfire Club, a Hawkins High's D&D group run by '80s metal head and dungeon master Eddie Munson (Joe Quinn). This is where things could take a dark turn as explained by Will actor Finn Wolfhard: “Hellfire Club is kind of a dark D&D club of just all the outcasts and rejects. “It's good because [Mike's] found his little calling at school. He has something, finally. I think there's also an implied darkness to it that makes him feel pretty cool.”  DON'T MISS...Adam Henson gives sad update on beloved dog Peg [INSIGHT] Stranger Things season 4 theory: Max's death sealed in fan clue [THEORY]Stranger Things season 4 trailer: Eleven's new enemy exposed in promo [INSIGHT] According to the Duffer brothers, the Hellfire Club will play a huge part in season four and the storyline will also explore satanic panic. This stoked fears in the '80s and '90s and linked things like D&D to devil worship and the occult. Ross stated: “To some people in Hawkins, they don't think that it's an innocent game that they're playing, but that there is something more sinister beneath the surface.” This is expected to add to the community's fears when tragic events start to occur yet again.  After watching the trailer, fans created another sinister theory which could potentially see Max could become possessed. In the trailer, Max could be seen visiting her late brother Billy Hargrove’s (Dacre Montgomery) grave alongside Lucas, Dustin and Steve Harrington (Joe Keery). Then Max began to levitate high above the ground which also shocked her friends. Many viewers took to social media to share their initial reactions and thoughts believing she had become possessed, while others were convinced she gained powers. Stranger Things season four premieres on Netflix on Friday, May 27. 