Djed Spence’s ‘dream’ is to play for Manchester United despite offers from Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester City, according to reports. The speedy wing-back is wanted by the Premier League’s elite having enjoyed an excellent season with Championship Nottingham Forest.    Spence has been key to Forest’s rise up the second tier under Steve Cooper. Moved from a traditional right-back role in a back four to a wing-back position, Spence has scored two goals and provided a further five assists in the Championship. Forest were bottom of the division and had taken just a point from seven games when Cooper replaced Chris Hughton in September. With Spence a key part of their success, the club are now likely to qualify for the play-offs. Premier League clubs have been aware of Spence’s form for some time. Spurs are believed to have been interested at least two years ago. JUST IN: Antonio Conte makes PSG demand to combat hatred of 'Instagram players' But the 21-year-old endured a difficult couple of years, culminating in a summer falling-out with then-Middlesbrough Neil Warnock that prompted his loan move to Forest. Spence will return to ‘Boro at the end of the season but a permanent transfer now seems likely, with the majority of the top six interested. According to Sky in Germany, the South London-born star has five offers with Arsenal, Spurs, Man City and Bayern Munich all keeping an eye on his situation. However, Spence also ‘dreams’ of playing for Man Utd, the report continues. The former Fulham youngster is a Red Devils fan and with United potentially looking for a new right-back in the summer, a move to Old Trafford cannot be entirely ruled out. Middlesbrough are believed to want around £12million for the player. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan names trio Arsenal should sign to 'compete' againTottenham to make Roma scouting trip as transfer plot emergesAntonio Rudiger slammed over ‘absolute greed’ as Real Madrid close in While on international duty with England under-21s in March, Spence spoke of his desire to play in the top-flight. He said: “I always want to push myself and play with the best players and best team. Of course it’s an ambition of mine to play in the Premier League. I try to stay level-headed. I don’t read too much into it. “At the end of the day, I’m just here to enjoy my football. I need to stay focused, have tunnel vision and play well on the pitch." Being doubted by Warnock, who left Middlesbrough shortly after Spence departed on loan, is not Spence’s only setback. He was previously released by Fulham and has opened up on his difficult journey in football. “It’s been hard. But I never worry, really. I know my ability, I know what I’m capable of. I’ve got a good family behind me that pushes me and mentors me,” he continued. “I’ve just got to keep moving forward and opportunities will always rise up. So I’ve got to be ready to take them.”   