Both Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen have qualified for the second round of the French presidential election, despite their past track record of "money scandals". While Le Pen is embroiled in several investigations including a payment default to a Russian bank, Macron is grappling with the McKinsey scandal related to a billion-euro investment in the consulting firm. And some of the corruption’s investigations are still currently underway, pointed out Elise Van Beneden, President of France’s anti-corruption association Anticor. Ms Van Beneden slammed Macron and Le Pen on French radio Sud Radio: “Here we have two candidates for the second round of the presidential election who both have a record.” Radio host added: “Except that all this is public, and it doesn't prevent her from being qualified for the second round. The French know that.” Van Beneden answered: Ah, that's a very, very big question for Anticor: why do people vote for people who are in trouble? “You know that Marine Le Pen is also under investigation for misappropriation of public funds well before this case that has just come out. She has a case on European parliamentary assistants.” The far-right candidate Le Pen is accused of having embezzled close to 140,000 euros of European taxpayers’ money from the EU parliament between 2004 and 2017 when she was an MEP, the French investigative website Mediapart claimed, citing official documents. Other MEPs from Le Pen’s National Rally are suspected of having employed parliamentary assistants, financed by the EU taxpayers, to advance the interest of the party. EU Parliamentary assistants are supposed to help MEPs carry out their tasks at the EU level. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin dealt devastating blow as 200,000 to lose jobs as economy in freefall “And they have not been convicted”, added the radio host. French President Macron has been under fire for his government’s use of taxpayers’ money on the private consultancy firm McKinsey. A Senate inquiry committee revealed that Macron’s government spent more than 1 billion euros on consulting firms at the height of the Covid-19 pandemic. The scandal dominated the French news agenda ahead of the first round, as opponents from all boards took aim at the president. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: 'Lots of concern' Furious fishing row erupts as Falklands hammered by tariffs [LIVE]Putin and Xi to exploit Brexit Achilles heel and spark 'complete chaos' in Europe [ANALYSIS]Brexit: Tories demand unveiling of returning hero to save Red Wall seat [INSIGHT] France has a tradition of relying on high-ranked civil servants to draft policy instead of private consultancy firms. In total, Macron’s government has spent at least 2.4 billion euros on consultancy firms since 2018. “So perhaps at some point, citizens will have to take a stand for ethics.” Ms Van Beneden concluded.