Snooker legend Ronnie O'Sullivan has colourfully talked up Tiger Woods' return to action at this week's Masters. The American sporting icon's golf future was plunged into doubt last year when he suffered a near-fatal car crash that left him with crippling injuries in his lower body. Woods delighted the crowd at Augusta National by shooting under par on day one. A par on the first hole set the tone for his round, and a tremendous tee shot on the sixth almost landed him with a spectacular hole in one, drawing cheers from those watching on. There were doubts over whether Woods would return to golf at all after crashing his SUV at high speed in February last year. A video emerged of him back on the range in November but, at that point, the 46-year-old admitted that walking around the course was difficult. "I think it's about having a bit of a perspective on it from his point of view," O'Sullivan told Eurosport, "Whereas before he was world No 1 1, winning five or six tournaments every year, obviously pinpointing the majors, he's probably not going to have that latitude now. DON'T MISS: Why is Phil Mickleson not playing at The Masters? Full Saudi Arabia backlash explained "Destiny has probably taken that out of his own hands, but I think he has probably had time to reflect and sit back and go: 'Do you know what? I don't actually have to win tournaments'. Put on that red shirt, get my golf club out and stand on that first tee likes he's got a 10-inch, you know what, while the others have a two-inch, you know what. "They know what's gone on before and they're still gonna go: 'He's the guv'nor over there, mate'. I mean, even if he's standing on one leg, they just know that they're normal people you know? They become normalized when they see him. "When he's not about they get a little bit of a step in their walk, they start thinking they're something they're not and then all sudden Tiger turns up. They are like: 'Oh, Guv'nor here, chill out, pipe down'. When you are Tiger Woods, you can make people feel like that." Both O'Sullivan and Woods have worthy shouts to be considered the greatest of all time in their respective sports. Indeed, the latter's first Masters title back in 1997 came in the same year that O'Sullivan set the world record for the fastest 147 break. The snooker icon will go into this month's World Championship ranked number one in the world, aiming to win the coveted title for a seventh time. Woods, meanwhile, is vying for a sixth green jacket. The 15-time major winner is in a solid position after shooting one under, but he currently has four shots to claw back on first-round leader Sung-jae Im. Woods is scheduled to tee off on Friday at 18:41 BST as he bids to stay among the leaders and make the cut.