Security was forced to stop pedestrians from walking onto a live pit lane during the closing stages of the Australian Grand Prix, shocking footage has revealed. The clip shows a security marshal pointing at Alex Albon’s car as he makes his way out of the pits.  Albon had extended his stint to the final lap before switching right at the end to hold onto tenth and one championship point. However, fans had already made their way to the pit lane exit in anticipation of getting onto the track at the end of the race. This is now customary at F1 events to create an extra atmosphere during the podium celebrations. Pitting on the last lap is rare but failure to stop the car could still have led to major incidents with fans hurt. Alternatively, Albon could have been forced to stop at the end of the pit-lane, dropping him outside the points. READ MORE: Gasly drops hint over Red Bull future - 'We will have conversation' An ex-F1 engineer hit out at officials on Twitter after seeing the footage. EngineMode11, who claims to be an ex-F1 Senior Systems engineer for six years, said no one should be “messing around” in the pits. He said: “So it seems before the race ended they were already letting people into the pit-lane, forgetting that Albon hadn’t stopped yet. I hate to see this, you really don’t want to be messing around in an active pit lane.” Fans hit out at the incident on Reddit with many complaining at the safety concern. @Phonicparty said: “This seems like the kind of thing that's probably been happening for years under the clearly mistaken assumption that nobody would be coming back out of the pits if they went in that late in the race.” @Silentalarm_ added: “This is a quite genuine concern that needs to be addressed.” DON'T MISS Albon makes Williams promise as he replaces Russell on return to F1 [INSIGHT]Verstappen labelled 'normal' in Albon interview as X-rated claim made [ANALYSIS]Why Alex Albon has Red Bull on F1 helmet despite driving for Williams [COMMENT] A fan at the event shed some more light on the issue, claiming stewards were ready to close the pit lane before the Williams driver had made his stop. @mdr279 said: “I was watching this from the stands and couldn't believe it. It was like management had no idea Albon was still yet to stop. “I'm pretty sure a guy had already put the Heineken barriers (that separate the team and the podium drivers) across the pit lane and had to remove them when Albon came in. Genuinely annoyed me to see this.”