Rio Ferdinand has explained the importance of Gabriel Jesus to any team he plays for amid reports Arsenal want to sign him this summer. The Manchester City striker is one of a host of forwards linked with a move to the Emirates. Jesus scored four goals in City's 5-1 Premier League win over Watford on Saturday. He backed that up with a goal early in the first half of the Champions League semi-final first leg against Real Madrid on Tuesday. Ahead of the match, Ferdinand said Jesus is largely underappreciated by supporters. But he explained how his City team-mates would love playing alongside him due to his work ethic on the pitch. Ferdinand said on BT Sport: "I think he falls into the category of where some fans think he is not a number nine for Manchester City, but I guarantee if you ask all the players in that City dressing room and asked would you have him in their team, of course you would. He works hard, he is committed, he scores goals and drags players out to create space for other players." READ MORE: Arsenal could pair Gabriel Jesus with '£10m' partner to forge little-and-large duo  The Athletic claims Arsenal are keen on signing two strikers this summer. Jesus is one of them, with his contract at City set to expire in 2023. Former City winger Steve McManaman says the 25-year-old's versatility has cost him in terms of goal return during his time at the Etihad. McManaman said: "He has played right, and he has played left too, he is a very versatile player and he has played wherever Pep [Guardiola] has put him at times. "Maybe, that is detrimental to him being a number nine and getting the numbers that he should be getting as a number nine that a Manchester City player should be getting." Jesus was asked about his future following his four goals at the weekend. But he insisted he was fully focused on performing for City for the remainder of the campaign. Jesus said: "It’s not time to think about this, you expect me to say this, but it’s true. DON'T MISSMbappe to Real Madrid on the rocks as PSG ace breaks agreement with dizzying demand [REPORT]Piers Morgan names three signings Arsenal should make to 'compete for league again' [SOCIAL]Man Utd ace Paul Pogba receives 'first official contract offer' after Man City rejection [RUMOUR]  "This is no time to think about this. Now is the best moment of the season. "I want to enjoy, to keep focused on my team, with my teammates, to fight for the Premier League. I won it with my teammates three times. And I know how that feels and I want to have that feeling again. "And then of course we also have the tough game on Tuesday against Real Madrid [in the Champions League] and that is my focus."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here