Shadow Secretary of State Yvette Cooper struggled to address Labour’s failure to force Boris Johnson’s resignation following revelations in the partygate scandal. The Labour MP was quizzed by BBC Newsnight reporter Kristy Wark who demanded to understand why the opposition had “absolutely no way” to remove “a law-breaking Prime Minister and Chancellor.” Ms Cooper suggested it was not the responsibility of the Labour party to call for Boris Johnson’s resignation and instead explained there is “a huge obligation” on the Prime Minister to act himself. The MP, who represents a collection of regions in West Yorkshire, claimed the Chancellor and Prime Minister have a “responsibility” to “recognise” the errors of their actions and Labour cannot simply force resignations in “a parliamentary system”.    The Labour MP called upon Rishi Sunak and Boris Johnson to “recognise their responsibility to uphold a standard of integrity”. The Tory leaders must “recognise the fact that they broke the law and it was a law that they’d written”. Cooper’s bold statements of a moral failure among key Conservative party leaders followed the announcement that both the Prime Minister and the Chancellor, among other politicians, were to face penalty fines for breaching lockdown measures. However, the Shadow Secretary also highlighted the Prime Minister “has a majority in parliament” suggesting Labour holds very little agency to force the removal of the leader.  Following an investigation by the Metropolitan Police, Boris Johnson announced, as promised, that he had received a fine relating to “an event in Downing Street on 19th June 2020.” Cooper accused the Tory politicians of “dishonouring people across the country,” with their law-breaking behaviour. She added: “people did miss out on seeing dying relatives, kids missed out on birthday parties and people missed out on going to the funerals of friends.” In a scathing allegation, the Shadow Secretary denounced the Prime Minister and Chancellor for “disrespecting the huge sacrifices” made by the nation throughout the pandemic. Read more: GB News guest on what Tory MPs are using to determine Boris's fate Despite her assertion that the Conservative politicians have an obligation to resign themselves, she claimed the Tories have “effectively shrugged their shoulders” and behaved as if law-breaking “doesn’t really matter.” “They just carry on as normal,” claimed Cooper. The Labour MP appeared furious that the politicians had the audacity to demand the UK population “abide by those laws” when they were “law-breaking” themselves. Cooper’s frustration echoes the feelings of the nation as law-abiding citizens call for the Prime Minister and other law-breaking politicians to step down from power. Don't miss:Nick Ferrari calls for reality check over partygate fines [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak considered resigning after partygate fine [REPORT]Should Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak resign? [POLL] Following the announcement of lockdown fines within Downing Street, a YouGov poll indicates the majority of people agree Boris Johnson should resign. 57% of the public called for the Prime Minister to resign and a further 57% believed Rishi Sunak should also leave his position as Chancellor of the Exchequer. In a statement announcing the fixed penalty notice, Boris Johnson claimed “at the time, it did not occur to me that this might have been a breach of the rules.” While the leader acknowledged the “anger that many will feel,” he asserted he will remain in position and “deliver on the priorities of the British people.”   