Novak Djokovic has been given some relief after his early exit from the Monte Carlo Masters, as Roger Federer’s former coach admitted the loss wasn’t a “big deal”. The world No 1 lost his opening round to Alejandro Davidovich Fokina 6-3 6-7(5) 6-1 on Tuesday in what was his first match in 47 days. Djokovic has been left unable to compete for most of this season as a result of his unvaccinated status, forcing him to miss the Australian Open, Indian Wells and Miami. The Monte Carlo Masters was just his second event of the year after Dubai in February and the Serb’s last of match play showed as he suffered back-to-back losses for the first time since July last year. Having crashed out of the Dubai Championships to qualifier Jiri Vesely in the quarter-finals on February 24, the world No 1 lost on his return in Monte Carlo as he admitted to “completely collapsing” physically after his lack of competitive play. While the defeat has been taken as a sign of the 34-year-old’s rustiness, a top tennis coach has downplayed the result and admitted it isn’t a “big deal”. “He had a hard time dealing with the wind,” Paul Annacone told Tennis Channel. The analyst who formerly coached Federer and now works with Indian Wells champion Taylor Fritz said he wasn’t concerned for the 20-time Major champion and said the focus would be on getting more matches before Djokovic’s French Open title defence. JUST IN: Nadal's French Open prep derailed as Spaniard yet to train on court   “I’m not real worried about his game, he just had to get the match reps up,” he continued. “I just think it’s not a big deal. He doesn’t want to lose but he wants to make sure he’s playing his best tennis at Roland Garros.” Djokovic suffered nine breaks of serve - his most ever in a best-of-three set match - as he looked flat and rusty in what was just his fourth match of the season. He admitted later that Davidovich Fokina had simply been the better player as he struggled on his return to the match court.  DON'T MISSRaducanu shares two motivators ahead of clay-court debut in StuttgartNadal to skip Barcelona with injury throwing French Open into doubtRaducanu's training link up with coach Piatti explained ahead of clay  "He was the better player,” the top seed conceded. “I was hanging on the ropes the entire match. I just ran out of gas completely. If you can't stay in the rally, not feeling your legs on the clay, it's mission impossible.'' But like Annacone expected, the world No 1 turned his attention to next month’s French Open as he shared his goal to improve his form ahead of his first Grand Slam tournament of the season. "Game-wise, physically I was just far from my best. I'm going to keep going and hopefully build my form for Roland Garros,” he added. Djokovic will have a chance to get some wins under his belt as early as next week at the Serbia Open, held in his own Novak Tennis Centre in Belgrade. 