A 'late flight' prevented Dillian Whyte from attending the open workout as the mind games continued into fight week ahead of Saturday's mammoth WBC and Ring Magazine heavyweight world title clash with Tyson Fury at Wembley Stadium. A record-breaking 94,000 spectators will be in attendance in north London but arguably the biggest heavyweight fight in British history has - partially - been robbed of the salivating, foul-mouthed build-up that many were anticipating.  Whyte opted to swerve the initial fight press conference in early March and remained in Portugal where he continued preparations for the biggest fight of his 11-year professional career. At the time, the 34-year-old's legal team was locked in a legal dispute with the WBC, while there were also claims of alleged 'unfair treatment' against Queensbury Promotions, who reportedly offered to bring Whyte back over to the UK on a  flight. Now Whyte has finally decided to comply with clause 11 of his fight contract, which states in writing that he is obliged to actively promote the bout on his social media channels, something he only did for the first time last week. He also participated in a virtual press conference before conducting a further interview with BT Sport's Steve Bunce in Vilamoura. However, Whyte and his team were not present on Tuesday afternoon at BOXPARK, Wembley for the first of several fight-week commitments. Sources have relayed that Whyte cited a 'late flight' as the reason behind his absence. Express Sport understands Whyte is now back on UK soil as he looks to execute a significant upset against the elusive, unbeaten Gypsy King. This was the first time the pair were expected to be within the same vicinity following the formalisation of the all-British mega clash but that wait is now threatening to rumble on. The pair could potentially come face-to-face for the first time on Wednesday when a second fight press conference is penciled in at Wembley. Detailing the reasons behind his media silence, Whyte claims he became sick of the 'one-sided nature' to the promotion. "This is a business," Whyte said. "It's not the Tyson Fury show. Everybody saying Tyson Fury this, Tyson Fury that. This fight sold out because of me and Tyson Fury, Tyson Fury fought Wilder, he's a big superstar. It's not just the Tyson Fury show, it's the Tyson Fury and Dillian Whyte show so some things need to be done correctly. "I don't dance to nobody's tune, I'm a warrior, we can dance together but it can't be one-way traffic. "I'm a disciplined guy and I've learned to be disciplined over the years. Okay, you want me to do things? That's cool, I'm up for that, I'm a professional, I've had six or seven pay-per-view shows and worked hard on all of them and looked after my opponents and dealt with them correctly. "When these guys are trying to mug me off and treat me like it's the Tyson Fury show, they've got to get certain things correct. I'm a professional at the end of the day, so here I am. I'm here and ready."