Former Loose Women panellist Jane McDonald, 59, is known for enjoying spending time at sea, ever since rising to fame as a cruise ship singer. However, the star took a slightly smaller mode of transport for her latest outing on the waves. Fans of Jane’s noticed how radiant she looked on the speedboat, while flaunting her toned legs in a tiny pair of white denim shorts. The singer posted the image, which appears to have been taken on her recent trip to St. Lucia, in view of her 185,000 Twitter followers. Jane travelled to St. Lucia to film an episode of her new Channel 5 show, Holidaying with Jane McDonald: The Caribbean. On the show, Jane took a boat ride to visit the site of a volcano as she enjoyed new experiences. READ MORE: Sandra Bullock admits Daniel Radcliffe was 'not who I expected' The excursions had been booked via the hotel Jane was staying at. Accompanying the photo was a message, which read: “Not quite a cruise ship but enjoying some time at sea!” The 59-year-old wore shorts, a T-shirt and sunglasses in the image. Jane seemed relaxed as she posed barefoot, basking in the sunshine. Fans were delighted with Jane’s latest social media post. They rushed to compliment her look. One social media user commented on Jane’s Instagram account, where she had also posted the same sunkissed image, saying: “Great legs Jane! “Have fun.” The comment was followed by red heart symbols. DON'T MISS:Mick Jagger's daughter Jade, 50, and his girlfriend, 35, stun at event [LATEST]Brooks Koepka's fiancée Jena Sims in caddy outfit ahead of the Masters [UPDATE]Rory McIlroy smiles with wife and daughter before 2022 Masters [NEWS] Another Instagram user commented: “Looking very chilled there, Jane.” Over on Twitter, Farrimond_jane commented: “I'll take it. “Looks sooooo!!! relaxing, you look so relaxed. “Enjoy the special moments in life.” Last year, Jane’s partner of 13 years Eddie Rothe lost his battle with lung cancer. Jane explained how seeing happy couples holidaying can sometimes be difficult for her. Speaking on the show, Jane was visibly upset as she explained that her life had changed drastically since Eddie’s passing. She said: "I'm single, and I chose this place because I didn't want to be on a romantic island, on my own, looking at couples everywhere. “So this place is very open to singles coming here as well as couples.”