A cross-party committee of MPs are urging the tax body to get back money owed by ordinary taxpayers and businesses from the pandemic. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Alex Jay from accountancy firm Stewarts, shared why HMRC is taking this approach to dealing with the nation’s debt issues could be tricky. Specifically, the financial expert cited the “difficult balance” which the tax body has to address to mitigate the impact on ordinary taxpayers and businesses. Mr Jay explained: “HMRC has had to strike a difficult balance. On a simple level, tax is payable based on income and so if there is a drop in income there should be a drop in the associated tax due. “The situation is more complex than that, of course, and allowing companies time to pay where viable businesses were impacted temporarily because of the covid crisis was certainly the right course of action. Stewarts’ head of Insolvency also spoke about how soaring interest rates will have an impact on any tax decisions carried out by HMRC. Last month, the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee confirmed the county’s base interest rate would rise to 0.75 percent. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  This represents the third consecutive hike in a base rate from the financial institution as the cost of living soars. On top of this, energy bills have risen dramatically in the past week following the price hike with the average household set to see their bill increase by £693 a year. According to Mr Jay, these rising expenses result in taxpayers and businesses opting to push their tax obligations to deal with their immediate bills. He added: “The unfortunate issue, however, is that, given the option of pay now or pay later, many businesses opt to pay later regardless of their true financial position.  “While that is an attractive short term solution, it has led to a tax debt mountain accumulating across the board that will simply not be manageable for some businesses. “If interest rates continue to rise, then the cost of borrowing to meet back taxes due will be an unattractive – if not completely hopeless - option and the risk is that businesses will fold rather than pay what is now due.“ Last month, the Public Accounts Committee revealed that overall tax debt in the UK has risen to £39billion. For context, this is more than double the amount that was reported back in early 2020, prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.  The Committee launched a report into how the pandemic has exacerbated the issue of tax debt in the country. In light of the report, the committee is calling on HMRC to target individuals and businesses who are opting not to pay their taxes, while still making sure vulnerable households are supported. Dame Meg Hillier MP, the chair of the Public Accounts Committee, said: “You might be forgiven for thinking we’ve magically found that tree after all - the public purse is rattling but a chunk of the tax revenues needed to refill it have not been collected. “Add to that the pandemic and record inflation, and HMRC has a tricky balance to strike. “Those least able to afford rising bills, including tax bills, are also the easiest collection ‘targets’. “HMRC must tread carefully, taking a sensitive approach that supports a renewing economy, and doesn’t necessarily include bailiffs coming knocking.” In a statement, a HMRC spokesperson said: “We are recouping debt safely, taking into account customers' circumstances and making repayments affordable. “It's in no-one's interests to push viable businesses into insolvency when they can succeed given some time to repay their tax debts.”