David Scotland, the owner of camping equipment retailer Outdoor World Direct, said when it comes to the best tips for camping and motorhome holidays, the simple ones are the best. David warned about adverse weather conditions and advised Britons to postpone their Easter trips if there's a weather warning in place: "It may seem obvious, but we get lots of calls from customers saying their tent has been destroyed when trying to camp in high winds. "If there's a weather warning in place our advice is simple - don't go." The camping expert said "at best your tent will be damaged, at worst you could be putting your own life in danger". However, he explained many campsites are very accommodating when it comes to rescheduling and recommended Britons to contact their campsite as they often get weather warnings when a severe storm is due. READ MORE: Spain asks Britons to 'come back' after losing Russian tourists  "So my advice is to check the weather forecast a week ahead of your trip and then a few days before and, if necessary, rearrange accordingly," David said. The motorhome and camping expert also recommended "paying attention to the specifications of your camping equipment before heading off". "Furthermore, if there's heavy rain forecast you'll need a tent that's 4000mm waterproof rating or higher."  David explained "3000mm is ideal for summer conditions and sporadic rain". On the other hand, "4000mm to 5000mm should repel the heavier rain". "Also, it is important to ensure the tent is well pitched and taut as if the fabric sags in rainwater, the tent will leak, and potentially pool on the tent roof, which then stretches the fabric," he explained. Vehicle expert and Wessex Fleet Director, Simon Naylor, stressed the importance of taking enough time to prepare your car before you head off in order to avoid “a whole world of holiday hassle". He explained: “Organisation is key! Allow plenty of time for preparation and packing (and don’t forget your caravan or camper needs servicing, just as your car does). “It’s especially important to make sure your car (or camper) is in top notch condition if you’re loaded up for a trip. "You don’t want to unpack everything beside the road so you can get to the tool kit or spare tyre just because you failed to do a few simple checks before you left home. Your family won’t thank you for the oversight!” Caravans are very heavy vehicles, that’s why paying attention to the tyres is crucial. Simon said: “You’ll probably have your nearest and dearest on board - so pay particular attention to the tyres, checking the tread and looking for bulges. “Older vans often drink oil, so check fluid levels and carry some spare." He continued: “Don’t leave home without a full size or space-saver tyre and make room for a few essentials (like headlight bulbs and fuses) so you can make a quick and easy fix if it’s needed." Simon also advised to “manage distractions" as it’s very easy to get distracted while driving your caravan. "Vans are great fun, but it can be really distracting for the driver if the family are playing games or messing about in the back.”