The actresses appeared on Friday's Good Morning Britain to discuss their new project with hosts Kate Garraway and Adil Ray. The duo, who rose to fame after landing roles in Only Fools and Horses, spoke with the ITV hosts about some of their fondest memories while filming for the David Jason sitcom. However, despite appearing in a number of group scenes together, Tessa admitted they never filmed a scene together while on the show. "Do you know what is lovely?" Tessa began. "We were saying again the other day, weren't we? "In that programme, we didn't ever have a scene together." "Oh really?" Adil asked as the actress added: "That's why this feels so strange." READ MORE: Jackson Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jackson Lonie now? "Everyone says, 'It's so lovely to be acting together again', we didn't really because we're with our respective partners. "We'd do big group scenes but we didn't really have anything together." "I think we need a spin-off, don't we? Come on," Adil pleaded. During Only Fools and Horses, Gwyneth's character was married to Rodney Trotter (played by Nicholas Lyndhurst), while Tessa's alter-ego wed Del Boy (David Jason). The Cassandra star first appeared in the comedy in 1988 and stayed on the show until the very last episode. Since Only Fools and Horses, she has appeared in several hit shows including Casualty, A Touch of Frost and EastEnders. Tessa also joined the comedy in 1988 until it came to an end in 2003. The actress also hasn't been short of work since she left as she has featured in the likes of The Bill and Midsomer Murders. DON'T MISS...Vera's Kenny Doughty opens up on reuniting with teacher [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert 'scared' to replace Sara Martins [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun’s Danni Menzies shuts down fussy house hunters [NEWS] Speaking about their new tour, Gwyneth explained: "It's called Ladies of Letters, it was originally a radio series, a drama. "It ran for a long, long time and it's been adapted by Jonathan Harvey and brought up to date really because it was a while ago that they did the radio. "The two characters have stayed the same, essentially. "They're slightly younger this time, aren't they?" Tessa chipped in. She added: "It is just the two of us and at this stage of the rehearsals, it's terrifying." When asked about being reunited, the actress said: "Acting is so lovely anyway but to get the chance to work with a very old chum, without being too sentimental but that happens so rarely. "And not only to work with an old chum, it being a two-hander but literally two of us being on stage for the whole play." The duo went on to reminisce as they explained the Lorraine studio is the same place they used to film Only Fools and Horses. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.