The funktastic Higher Ground remains a classic almost fifty years after it first appeared on Stevie's 1973 album Innervisions. The Red Hot Chili Peppers didn't just cover the track, they released it as the first single from their fourth studio album Mother's Milk. It was a perfect fusion of two distinct musical styles that honoured both. But for years, the band didn't know what Stevie himself thought of it all. In a new interview with Howard Stern, they talk about The Motown legend's hilarious response, while drummer Chad Smith described a separate solo, and momentarily embarrassing, encounter. SCROLL DOWN TO WATCH THE INTERVIEW John Frusciante described how it came about: "Flea was saying, 'What a good idea it would be to do a heavy metal version of 'Higher Ground.'" The rock legend looked across at his bandmate and continued: "That was your idea. And you were like - 'cause it was in the 80s when there was so much bad heavy metal and it was like, 'Heavy metal can be so rockin'' You know, we definitely weren't thinking like, 'Let's do a really, you know, ambitious, courageous thing.' For us, it was just, 'Sounds like a cool idea. Let's try it.' You know, you're just curious. Like, 'What would happen?'" Frusciante was the one who finally discovered what Stevie made of their efforts. He said: "I actually saw him not too long ago with a good friend of mine. And he came over and he (Smith's friend) said, 'Hey, Stevie, what did you think of the Chili Peppers? Did you like the way they covered 'Higher Ground'?' He goes, 'I like the publishing cheques.'" It turns out the drummer wasn't the only one who had an impromptu encounter with the legend. Smith also recounted his own personal moment. He said: "I had a funny experience with him once in a hotel lobby in Detroit... Someone, a road manager or something, called me and said, 'Stevie Wonder's in the lobby of the hotel.' And I was so excited because it's my hero. I love Stevie Wonder, one of my greatest heroes." WATCH THE ICONIC RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS STEVIE WONDER COVER BELOW Smith added: "I ran down to the lobby to try to say hi to him, thinking maybe he'd talked to me because of the cover and stuff. And he was sitting down, I walked up to him, and I was like, 'Stevie! Hi, I'm Flea! I play in the Red Hot Chili Peppers, and I just wanted to say hello, we played your cover, and, you know, I love you...' "And, I kind of waited, and I felt awkward, and a minute went by and I said 'Okay, well, I just wanted to say hi, I'm Flea, anyways your music means so much to me. And anyways, have a beautiful day!'" Smith added: "I didn't know what to do... And another minute went by, I got more and more awkward, and he said nothing, ignored me. And I got ready to walk away. And I kind of walked away. "He goes, 'Are you one of the members?' And I said, 'Yeah, yeah, I'm the bass player.' And I kind of thought he was gauging to see if I was full of sh** or not, you know? "(Stevie said) 'Oh, okay. Hi. Would you guys play my fundraiser next month? For the blah blah blah, I can't remember. And I was like, 'However we can be of service, Stevie, if we can!' "And I can't remember, then we chatted for a minute or something. But since then, I've met him a number of times, and he's always been really generous of spirit and kind, and engaging." Red Hot Chilli Peppers' fifth number one UK album slams to the top of the charts this week ahead of Ed Sheeran's 'Equals' and Olivia Rodrigo's Sour, with Arrdee's Peer Pressure at number four and Michael Bublé's Higher at number five. The 'Peppers previously topped the Official Albums Chart with By The Way in 2002, followed by 2004's Live in Hyde Park, Stadium Arcadium in 2006 and then I’m With You in 2011. In the singles charts, Harry Styles shoots straight in at the top with As It Was, particularly impressive since it comes from the album Fine Line, which was released back in 2019. Dave's Starlight slips to number two, followed by Aitch and Ashanti with Baby.