With the arrival of the warmer spring days comes an abundance of beautiful blooms in the garden. However, along with new flowers comes the risk of weeds unexpectedly popping up around your outside space. Though there are an array of chemical pesticides available for purchase that claim to put a stop to weeds, many gardeners prefer to use homemade, natural solutions. White vinegar and baking soda are two of the most recommended ingredients for homemade weed killer solutions, but do they actually work? The answer, in short, is yes you can. In fact, some experts even suggest that using these kitchen cupboard ingredients could be better for your garden than pesticides. READ MORE: Steps to ‘revive’ the grass this spring to create a ‘thicker’ lawn A gardening expert from SF Gate said: "Natural products such as baking soda and vinegar are safe and effective. "They do not pose a health risk, and they are considered better for the environment than non-natural chemical controls. "Additionally, non-natural chemical methods of weed control and eradication often cause adverse effects for garden plants. Those effects include stress, burns and loss of vigour." DON'T MISSHow to use a 'weed membrane' to kill 'tricker' weeds on the patio [EXPLAINER]Britain’s most expensive seaside town named [REPORT]Kate & William prepping move to Windsor - inside £2.5m Frogmore House [REVEALED] White vinegar, as well as apple cider vinegar, are both recommended as natural methods to stop weeds in their tracks as the acetic acid works to dehydrate the weed. Vinegar is best used as a weed killer in the early spring months, according to SF Gate. When using vinegar, it is best to try and only douse the specific weeds with vinegar, and avoid hitting other flowers or plants. Combine one part vinegar with five parts water in a spray bottle. Then, spritz the solution onto the wee stems two or three times. For flowering weeds, be sure to spray the centre of the flowers, as well as the rest of the weed's foliage. If it happens to rain after treatment, you may need to repeat the process. Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is traditionally used as a leavening agent when making baked goods such as cookies and cakes. However, this white powder can also be used around the home and in your garden - including to tackle pesky weeds. Baking soda is a great way to eliminate weeds by increasing salinity, or salt. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea When exposed to an overload of salt, weeds are unable to survive. However, when using this hack it is important to try and only cover the specific weed. Any other plants that absorb baking soda may also feel the effects. The best way to do this is by applying one teaspoon of baking soda per weed plant. Be sure to coat the entire weed, including its foliage, with a focus on covering the weed's stem. If your weeds are popping up on driveways and between slabs of your patio, try to sweep the powder into the cracks.