Sweet pea seedlings tend to sprout between March and May, marking the beginning of beautiful summer blooms. These delicate flowers are popular in English gardens thanks to their wide variety of colours including red, pink, blue, white and lavender. Though gardeners may be keen to get their seedlings planted out in the garden, it might be best to wait a few more weeks before taking on the task. This is because sweet peas enjoy the warmth and rays of sunlight which tend to be more prominent in the mid-to-late-spring and early summer. Although they can be planted out as early as April, according to Gardeners' World, this should only be done if the nation is set for a warm month. According to the experts, it is best to wait until "mid-spring" before thinking about transferring your seedlings outside. Check the weather forecast to ensure the risk of frosts passed, and temperatures are set to be mild. Sweet peas like moist but well-drained soil, and should be watered frequently. READ MORE: Gardening: ‘Eliminate’ garden weeds within 24 hours using vodka Gardeners' World advises planting out sweet peas "from late May, once all risk of frost has passed." Gardening expert Monty Don explains: "What I find is if you plant them out too early they don't grow and if they don't grow they become easy bait for slugs. "What you really want is fast growth so they become strong, healthy plants." Before planting out, you should harden them off by putting them outside during the day and returning to a frost-free place at night. DON'T MISSKill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water [INSIGHT]What to do with your daffodils once they've finished flowering [EXPLAINER]Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [COMMENT] Hardening off is a simple process of gradually exposing tender plants to sunlight, wind and uneven temperatures. You should pinch out the tips of young sweet pea plants when they reach about 10cm tall, "to encourage bushy growth", according to Gardeners' World. As sweet peas can reach up to two metres in growth, you may want to place structures in the soil around the area your plants are growing. This can include bamboo canes or "wigwam" type structures. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Monty Don states that sweet peas will need tying in for the first six weeks. This should be done when the stems are soft and pliable. Usually, if they are growing quickly in spring and summer, sweet peas may have to be tied in to their support once a week in order to aid growth. Monty Don also recommends combining soil improver or manure into your soil to give a nutrient boost.