Motorists in the South East of England complained of shortages on the forecourts as demonstrations raged outside an oil and fuel storage facility. Protesters from the two groups have been active outside fuel depots near London and Birmingham since last week. Police have already made around 200 arrests, as more protests today continue to add to the bedlam. Just Stop Oil protesters were causing disruption again this morning, April 6, as they blockaded a road and continued to protest inside underground tunnels. This is the group's fifth day protesting against the production of oil barrels of North Sea oil and gas in Navigator Terminals, in Grays, Essex. Aside from the shortages of fuel being reported in some areas, traffic has also been affected by the protests.  According to traffic monitoring system Inrix the group partially blocked the A126 in both directions around B186 West Thurrock Way (Lancaster roundabout) this morning. Traffic was almost brought to a standstill and created congestion in the area.Just Stop Oil Tweeted: “First removals of supporters happening inside the massive Navigator Terminal. “Young people desperate and scared as a radical, reckless Government plans the destruction of their future.” In a video released by the group, one protester can be seen carried away from the scene on a stretcher.  READ MORE:Motorists face paying £100 to fill up family car Over the weekend the protestors also targeted Corringham's Thames Oil Port, Inter Terminals UK Ltd in Grays. Speaking of the disorder over the last days of protesting, Assistant Chief Constable of Essex Police Rachel Nolan said: “Our aim is to bring the areas affected back to normality as quickly as possible. “I want to again emphasise policing is not anti-protest, and we will always endeavour to facilitate protest where we can. “However, we must intervene when there is a risk to life or where laws are being broken – and we will continue to do so.” The disruption to fuel supplies has led industry leaders to call on the Government to take action.  DON'T MISS:University ditches Jane Austen to 'decolonise curriculum' [REPORT]Macron has 'enabled the return of Marine Le Pen' [REVEAL]Putin 'should face war crimes trial' for Ukraine 'genocide' [EXCLUSIVE] Fair Fuel UK leader Howard Cox said his organisation was being “bombarded” by messages informing them forecourts across the UK were short of petrol and diesel because of the “narrow-minded” protestors. Mr Cox demanded Boris Johnson and Grant Shapps act to “protect the supply of petrol and diesel to our garage forecourts”. He said: “Don’t let panic buying take over again with those long unnecessary queues we saw last year when you failed to act. “Our economy and millions of daily lives depend on their vehicles.” Just Stop Oil has called on the Government to “end new oil and gas projects in the UK” immediately, due to climate change concerns, while XR accused oil companies of “destroying life”.  As shortages are reported, further misery is being felt by motorists at the pump as prices remain amongst the highest in Europe on British forecourts.Chancellor Rishi Sunak cut duty on fuel by 5p per litre during his Spring Statement. However, figures last week suggested this had yet to feed across into the prices paid by customers, with Experian Catalist saying the average price per litre of petrol was down 3.7p per litre a week ago compared to the week earlier. Motoring group the AA also confirmed prices had yet to fall as significantly as would have been expected following the announcement by the Chancellor. Luke Bosdet from the AA said: “Why are drivers not surprised on average a third of the petrol saving has yet to be passed on at the pumps?” 