Mercedes want to copy Red Bull’s plan but are unable to get it working on their new car in a blow to Lewis Hamilton and George Russell, according to Anthony Davidson. The team has struggled with porpoising issues - where the car bounces at high-speed - since pre-season. The Silver Arrows have tried to find a fix for their issues at Bahrain and Saudi Arabia but to no avail. However, other teams have not suffered the same issues and are now reaping success on track. Sky Sports F1 pundit Davidson has warned Red Bull can “scrape” their car along the ground. But Mercedes are unable to go any lower as the bouncing is a “detriment” to speed. He said: "I see lots of other teams, the Red Bull for example, it can scrape along the ground sparks flying off it from underneath. They cannot get that car physically any lower to the ground. "You don't really see that on the Mercedes, or the Ferrari for that matter, and you see a lot more bouncing going on. READ MORE: Anthony Davidson feels Lewis Hamilton 'went quite exteme' in last race "I think Mercedes ideally wants to run where the Red Bull is, but every time they try and go there, the porpoising and the bouncing gets unbelievably detrimental to the comfort in the car and also the speed. And it's not just happening in a straight line, it's happening within the high-speed corners as well. “Then the car becomes a bit of a bucking bronco and you can't hang onto the thing." Hamilton scored just one point in Jeddah while team-mate Russell was fifth, behind both Red Bulls and Ferraris. The team have since admitted they have lots of work to do but team principal Toto Wolff has admitted they will not rest until they find a fix. It is expected the team will bring new upgrades to this weekend’s Australian Grand Prix. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton's car is in ‘no-man’s land’ [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton's remarkable Australian Grand Prix run likely to end [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton and George Russell can play huge part in Mercedes plans [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, Red Bull has refused to write off Mercedes’ chances of mounting a title challenge. Helmut Marko explained: “Now, with the change of chassis and engine, the differences are not so big. Mercedes can no longer click and suddenly it’s a party for them. “But the team are very well positioned and also have some really important people in the chassis area. I’m completely convinced they will come back if they control the ‘porpoising’. And Lewis Hamilton is nine points behind [Max] Verstappen, so that’s nothing either. “I don’t think it’s the end [of an era], but maybe we’ll have a battle on the same level.”