Fernando Alonso’s qualifying accident was caused by a part that cost the team just £1.50, according to team principal Otmar Szafnauer. The Alpine boss confirmed the failure was down to a faulty o-ring for an oil seal. He said this led to a leak and caused the engine’s failsafe mode to kick in moments before the accident. The accident came towards the start of Q3 as Alonso made his way through the newly reprofiled turn eleven. The Alpine driver turned the wheel but his car didn’t respond taking him into the gravel traps, Moments later the former double world champion smashed into the tyre wall which brought out the red flags. According to analysis from The Race, the part which failed would have cost the team around £1.50 compared to the rest of the multi-million-pound car. Speaking to The Race, Szafnauer was in no doubt what had caused the failure. He explained: “It was an o-ring on an oil seal. READ MORE: Alonso insists Alpine ‘faster than Mercedes’ amid Hamilton struggles “The o-ring threaded, the oil leaked out. We have a failsafe mode that tried to save the engine, so when you see a drop in oil pressure, the failsafe mode kicks in and that’s what happened. “So the fix was an o-ring change.” The Spaniard had set the fastest time in sector two and looked on course to challenge the leaders. Alpine technical chief Pat Fry suggested Alonso’s time would have been quick enough for the second row of the grid. It means Alpine were likely to have beaten the Mercedes pair of Lewis Hamilton and George Russell who qualified fifth and sixth. DON'T MISSFernando Alonso crashes out of Australian GP qualifying [PICS]Toto Wolff makes Alonso point as Lewis Hamilton fears played down [INSIGHT]Fernando Alonso indicates Alpine’s power unit as strong as Mercedes [ANALYSIS] Alonso started in tenth for Sunday's race but was unable to make any progress despite the car’s apparent pace. He got unlucky with the safety car periods which ruined his strategy and sent him tumbling down the pack. The Spaniard finished the race 17th after making a late pitstop. After the race, Alonso said: “I am gutted with this weekend, to be honest. It’s hard to accept the result after the bad luck we had in Saudi and again here in Melbourne. “Today we were looking good for possibly sixth place and of course the podium was even on the cards before yesterday’s issue in qualifying.”