Certainly, the £2billion economic boost created by staycation Brits around the UK will be a welcome relief for the holiday destinations in this country who, according to industry experts, lost £97billion in the last two years. Tourism Minister Nigel Huddleston is certainly right to say that whether it is Cornish cream, the Norfolk Broads, the Scottish Highlands, the Lake District, our various stately homes, historic sites like Stonehenge, or the Pembrokeshire coast in Wales, Britain has a huge amount to offer for those who want to have a holiday. We should do our utmost to celebrate and promote it more. The best path for this country to recover from the dark days of Covid is through a buoyant economy. Spending creates wealth and jobs, it boosts the taxes which we need to pay for our services, including the NHS. In these times of worry about a cost of living crisis, there will be a temptation by many to hold back and save. In the end, this would be counterproductive and the Government must strive to find ways of keeping costs down and enabling the economy to boom. ----------------------------- One way to tackle the cost of living crisis is to prevent the energy firms from inflating the cost of lighting and heating our homes. The energy cap has already been raised and is hurting many people, especially on lower incomes. It is an enormous worry for pensioners in particular and will get worse next winter. There should not be a choice between eating and heating. So it is right that the Government should crackdown on energy companies raising people’s direct debits. In these difficult times, the vulnerable need protection and it is wrong for major companies to exploit the public. ----------------------------- While the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have made life difficult for the Queen in recent times it is well known that Her Majesty has a great fondness for her grandchildren and great-grandchildren. So it is good news that Harry and Meghan plan to bring Archie and Lilibet to see her in the near future. It would be nice if part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations was to include a family reconciliation and would probably be the greatest gift the Queen could receive.