May is set to be one of the most powerful months of 2022. Express.co.uk spoke to Inbaal Honigman, Celebrity Psychic and Astrologer, who revealed exactly what the next month had in store for each star sign. Inbaal said: “It's a month since your birthday, and a busy time it was indeed for you, astrologically speaking, but the fun times are not over. “Very unusually, between the 25th and the 28th, we find the following planets in your own sign: Generous Jupiter, which will bring you good fortune, Passionate Mars, which will bless you with strength and focus, Romantic Venus, which brings love into your heavens, and the Moon itself, which makes wishes come true.” “Happy Birthday for Taurus Season,” the astrologer remarked. “For the first three weeks of the month, the Sun is in your own sign of Taurus, which means that life will be calm, indoorsy and satisfying. “For the final week of the month, Mercury, the planet of communication is in your sign, which makes it a good time to attend interviews and sign new contracts.” READ MORE: New Moon horoscope: What to expect from Saturday’s Libra Full Moon She continued: “It's a busy month for you. Until the 23rd, the planet Mercury, your ruling planet, is in your own sign. “This is the planet which governs communication, contracts and ideas, so you'll hear your phone buzzing with new offers and opportunities constantly. “From the 21st onwards, the Sun is in your sign, starting Gemini Season, which puts the spotlight on you. Your presence will be noticed, for better or for worse. “Careful on the 30th, when the dark moon is in Gemini, and secrets come to light.” “The 16th of May is the time of the full moon,” Inbaal explained. “An auspicious time for all - but especially for you, since your ruling planet is the Moon itself. “That's a day of manifesting for you - make your wishes in the light of the full moon and give them a whole month to come true. “The Moon is in your own sign between the 5th and the 8th, which will be lucky days for you.” DON'T MISS...How to make money: Secret cash hiding in your wardrobe [VIDEO]Gardening: How to re-seed a lawn for thick grass - step by step guide [EXPERT]Kate and William 'more in love’ now than when they first got engaged [COMMENT] “As the Sun, your ruling planet, travels through the Zodiac, it brings you closer each time, to the sign celebrating their birthday nearby,” the expert revealed. “This phenomenon means you can always relate to people on their happiest days. “The Sun is in steadfast, serious Taurus until May 21st , so you'll be similarly serious and quiet. “Then it transitions to flirty, playful Gemini, helping you explore your inner child towards the end of the month.” Inbaal said: “The month of May is neatly divided into three parts for you, Virgo. “For the first 11 days, communication planet Mercury, your ruler, is in chatty Gemini, going direct. This is a time for you to charm the birds off the trees. “Then it goes retrograde in Gemini until the 23rd - you'll be chatting yourself out of a job if you're not careful, you'll be revealing other people's secrets and oversharing with authority figures. “And for the rest of the month, Mercury is still retrograde, but now in Earthy, unhurried Taurus, so you'll see emails arriving days after they were sent, and your phone uninstalling your chat apps.” “Ruled by home-loving, the romantic planet Venus, you enjoy a couple of interesting swerves in May,” she explained. “For the first two days of the month, Venus is in dreamy Pisces, so you'll be all heart-eyed. “The final two days of the month, Venus is in calm and peaceful Taurus, so you'll feel serene. “But all the other days feature Venus in fiery, hyperactive Aries, your opposite sign - causing you to make swift, reckless decisions.” “There's only one full moon in Scorpio every year, and May 16th is when it happens this year,” Inbaal commented. “Lunar influences bring your romantic side to the surface. “You're a natural secret keeper, and prefer to keep your private business private, but on this full moon, you're finally ready to open up to someone special. “It'll be a lunar eclipse, however, so you don't have to reveal anything you're not ready to share.” “There's a change of energies this month, caused by your ruling planet, expansive Jupiter, making a big move,” the astrologer revealed. “It's been in romantic Pisces for a few months, so until the 11th, you will be prioritising love, self-care and holidays. “Then, it moves to fiery Aries, so your life will suddenly fill with sporting opportunities, barbeques and passionate embraces.” “Normally you're one to do, not one to dilly-dally, but with your ruling planet, Saturn, in the intellectual sign of Aquarius all month long, you'll be doing a lot of thinking and planning,” Inbaal continued. “Well laid plans today will be the successful business of tomorrow, so don't turn your nose up at a month of mental productivity. “The Moon in Capricorn from the 19th to the 21st will bring some good ideas into your dreams.” “For the entire month of May, Saturn is in your sign,” she said. “Saturn is a slow-moving, steadfast planet, symbolising maturity and boundaries. “This is a great month for you to put rules in place which will benefit you for years - let the office know you'll be logging off at 5pm every day, notify your relatives that you're busy on Boxing Day, and uninstall WhatsApp. “Then pour yourself a long drink and celebrate your newfound freedom.” “At the beginning of May, all eyes are on you,” Inbaal remarked. “Several planets are in your own sign, and so you kick off the month with a busy few days. “Planet of Love, Venus is in your sign till the 3rd, so romance will be on the cards. “Planet of fire and war, Mars is in Pisces until the 25th, so watch out for your temper. “And the planet of travel and expansion, Jupiter, is around for the first ten days of the month, bringing good fortune with money."