  Miss Congeniality actress Sandra Bullock spoke about her The Lost City co-star Daniel Radcliffe on The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show this morning. The Hollywood legend confessed that the Harry Potter actor was “not what she expected” in a candid interview about their new film.      Sandra, 57, discussed how Daniel, 32, was not the sort of “entitled” former child actor that she had encountered before. Instead, she explained to Zoe, 51, how the star had “such charm and charisma” as she gushed about his villainous role in their new movie The Lost City. She told Zoe: “I don’t know why I am so slightly obsessed with Daniel. I think it’s because, like all of us, we think we know who he is based on the tremendous amount of success that he garnered at a very young age in a massive franchise. “You may not know it, but it’s called Harry Potter,” she joked. “And I think I can see that he carries that with him with a lot of respect, but in a guilty pleasure way, I want to see him turn things on its ear. READ MORE: Will Smith 'set for more humiliation' over Jada's ex's tell-all book     “Like, he’s a grown man who has such charm and charisma and when he came aboard it was so fun to think about how he was going to look. “We knew the acting would be a no-brainer, but how do you present Daniel Radcliffe so that the minute you see him you go, ‘What?’. “And to me, I don’t know, I just came to really admire and like him so much, because he was not at all what I expected him to be,” Sandra continued. “I thought he’d be some narcissistic, entitled child actor who’s grown into an adult who would just come with all kinds of drama and he was nothing even close to that.”     The Lost City is an American action-adventure comedy film directed by the Nee brothers. Sandra and Channing Tatum are the movie’s leads, while Daniel Radcliffe has a chance to play the villain, and Brad Pitt also features as a human tracker and action man. In the flick, Sandra plays romance novelist Loretta Sage, who is kidnapped by eccentric billionaire Abigail Fairfax (Daniel) so that she might lead him to the lost treasure. Channing portrays Alan Caprison, the cover model of Loretta’s books, who rushes to save her, only to cause even more chaos. READ MORE... 'I'm a jealous person' Emma Willis banned husband Matt from Strictly [NEWS] Dan Walker horrifies fans with pic of ‘stained’ BBC Breakfast studios [LATEST] Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [INSIGHT]      Nearly two years after the film was announced during the height of the pandemic, The Lost City will be released in the UK this month on April 13. Speaking in a featurette ahead of the release, Daniel’s co-stars both praised the actor for his “brilliant” performance in the film. Channing said: “He is just hilarious and engaging, and just an insanely talented actor.” While Sandra added: “To me, the most exciting character in this film is the Daniel Radcliffe that they will not expect.”     “The brilliance of our villain is that he has to be the most affable, seductive, non-threatening villain at first. “His transformation into the evil part of Fairfax is brilliant,” she said, reports Metro.co.uk. The Zoe Ball Breakfast show airs weekdays from 6.30pm on BBC Radio 2. The Lost City will be released to UK cinemas on April 13.   