New data from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) has revealed that inheritance tax receipts soared to £5.5billion from April 2021 to February 2022. This was yet another increase in the number of IHT receipts reported in the UK, up from £0.7billion year-on-year. Experts have cited rising property prices which are resulting in estates being pushed above the £325,000 threshold for inheritance tax. Some 33,000 estates paid IHT, with the average bill coming to around £160,000, according to the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR). Under current forecasts, if the inheritance tax nil rate threshold remains at £325,000 until 2026 as planned, the Government will reportedly get an extra £1billion with house prices set to rise even further. In light of the cost of living crisis, many experts are warning everyday Britons that IHT is “not just for the wealthy” as receipts continue to increase. Alex Davies, the CEO and founder of Wealth Club, explained: “Tax on death is not just for the very wealthy. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  “Rising house prices, especially in the southeast and London, have pushed many homeowners over the IHT threshold, not helped by the fact that both the nil rate band and residence nil rate band have been frozen until at least April 2026. “The revenue generated from inheritance tax plays an important part in the Government’s spending programme. The good news is that there are a number of ways that people can legitimately reduce, or even potentially wipe out an estate’s inheritance tax liability. “This means that more can be passed on to loved ones without the Government taking a sizeable cut and without losing control of your assets in your lifetime.” As well as his warning to households across the UK about the dangers posed by IHT, Mr Davies highlighted the various options available to reduce one’s bill. DON'T MISS:  This includes giving money away. He said: "Gifts taken out of regular income, which are not deemed to affect the giver’s standard of living, are inheritance tax free on day one – as are certain smaller gifts. “You can give unlimited amounts away but typically these take seven years to be completely inheritance tax free. Of course, once you give away the money you have lost control. If you need it back for an emergency, that’s not an option.” Under HMRC rules, up to £3,000 in gifts can be awarded every tax year and this can be carried onto the following tax year. Overall, this would give couples a total of £6,000 in potential savings. As well as this, an unlimited amount of IHT gifts can be made of up to £250 per person. On top of this, it's possible to give wedding gifts to a child of up to £5,000, to a grandchild or great-grandchild of up to £2,500 or to anybody else of up to £1,000. Lifetime gifts can be possibly exempt from an estate for IHT purposes, if the person lives seven years or longer after making it, but there are other inheritance tax saving-measures which can be implemented, according to Mr Davies. Furthermore, the financial expert advocated for investing in companies that qualify for Business Property Relief, as well as placing money in ISAs which are ineligible for inheritance tax. Mr Davies explained: “These are typically inheritance tax free after two years. Investing in unquoted businesses can be risky, however, unlike giving the money away, you retain control. “ISAs are not inheritance tax free. When you pass away, your loved ones could miss out on 40 percent of your hard-earned cash. “AIM ISAs are a popular way around this. They are riskier but after two years they could be IHT free.” The money expert also encouraged people to plan ahead when it comes to their estates by writing a will. He said: “Whatever you do, make sure you make a will. If you don’t, the law will decide how your estate is distributed and it certainly won’t be the most tax efficient way.”