Losing weight through dieting can be difficult, but new research has found there is an easier way to burn calories without hitting the gym; housework. Adults are said to burn a whopping 2,690 calories a week, adding up to 139,898 calories a year – just by cleaning their homes. But what chores burn the most calories? A study of 2,000 adults who clean more than once a week found they will spend a total of 30 hours a year ironing, burning 9,277 calories as a result. Pushing the hoover around - which is typically done four times a week - is said to burnup to 8,747 calories per year in the process. For anyone who enjoys gardening, adults are shedding 142 calories over the 38 minutes spent doing the therapeutic task. While household chores burn calories, there are many other benefits to cleaning. READ MORE: Jane McDonald: Singer shares foods she ate & avoided to lose 4st 60 percent of participants said cleaning is a great way to destress after work and switch off from a busy day. 59 percent also said cleaning helps them lead a healthier lifestyle - cleaner kitchens are said to result in fewer takeaways. More than three-quarters, 77 percent, of those who regularly clean their homes said it puts them in a better mood. The study also found those with a regular cleaning schedule were better able to implement a good sleep routine, a healthy eating routine, and a decent fitness routine. DON'T MISS...James Martin weight loss: Chef lost 5st by 'cutting out fizzy drinks' [INTERVIEW]Alesha Dixon's diet and exercise secrets for enviable abs [PICTURES]Gregg Wallace had 'three big meals’ a day to lose 4 stone [UPDATE] Brooke Marchand, Coach at behaviour change company Noom, which commissioned the research, said: “The number of calories you can burn when cleaning certainly adds up. “It can be a valuable way to move your body every day. “If you enjoy having a clean and calm home but dislike exercise, then doing a bit of housework might be the healthy habit for you, as it can be a full body workout as you reach for dusty corners or high-up shelves. “When we clean our homes, it helps to boost our mood – and when we are in a good mood, this can have a huge impact on factors such as what we eat, how motivated we feel to exercise, and how often we go outside for fresh air. “All of these, in turn, affect our physical health. “Even the addition of a few small chores throughout the week can help you on your way to a healthier lifestyle and a clearer mindset.” The findings show a third of people get sweaty cleaning the windows, cleaning the bathroom and making and stripping the bed, while one in four say that their muscles ache after they mow the lawn. Gardening, hoovering and tidying were the most popular chores, according to the study, while cleaning the oven, ironing and putting away clean washing were the most disliked, according to the research. While age, weight and gender play a role, it is possible for someone to burn anywhere between 100-300 calories per hour doing housework, all depending on the type of activity and vigor which its done. Sweeping x 10 minutes = 37 calories Hoovering x 10 minutes = 37 calories Ironing x 20 minutes = 50 calories Mopping x 20 minutes = 42 calories Making beds x 10 minutes = 23 calories Washing dishes x 10minutes = 26 calories Total time: 1 hour 10 minutes = 215 calories.