Manchester United will be without Cristiano Ronaldo against Leicester on Saturday evening, according to reports. The Athletic claims Ronaldo will miss the match at Old Trafford due to illness. The Portugal superstar was not with the United squad at the team hotel on Friday evening. And now it has been confirmed he will not be available for a crucial game in his side's race to finish in the top four. Ronaldo is United's leading goalscorer in all competitions this season with 18 to his name. United will have to do without him against Brendan Rodgers' side. The Red Devils sit sixth in the Premier League table, four points behind Arsenal in fourth. The Gunners also have a game in hand over Ralf Rangnick's team. READ MORE: Man Utd likely to do four things in potential Erik ten Hag announcement  United beat Tottenham 3-2 in their last Premier League match before the international break. Ronaldo scored a hat-trick, his first for the club since 2008. Ronaldo's presence at United has been criticised by some pundits this season. However, his former team-mate Gary Neville says there are far bigger problems at the club than the 37-year-old. Speaking after the win over Spurs, Neville said on Sky Sports: "Manchester United’s biggest problem isn’t Cristiano Ronaldo, their defending is absolutely awful. When Tottenham had the ball, not one of them sprints to the ball, last week we saw them give up. DON'T MISS: Jeff Stelling mocks Gary Neville live on-air after pundit's Mikel Arteta Arsenal claim  "The way Spurs could just play with ease, cut through them, the chances they have, every team that comes here creates a bagful of chances." Legendary former United captain Roy Keane also jumped to the defence of Ronaldo. He claimed Ronaldo showed his true worth against Tottenham and questioned why he does not play every match when fit. Keane said: “He looked angry today, a lot of aggression, he’s obviously been upset by something but he’s showed today what we’ve seen over the years. He’s brilliant, he’s a genius, the three goals were fantastic, five touches in total, he brings so much to this team.  “Why people think he can’t play every week or value… we’ve seen it today. He was angry today, he doesn’t come to Man United to sit on the pitch. "Obviously, he’s not going to play every single game but not when it’s Man City away or Chelsea, they’re the games he’s come back to play. Today we saw him aggressive, angry, because he’s one of the best to play the game and he wants to put the ball in the back of the net, we saw that today. "He wanted it more than anyone else when that ball came into the box that’s why the guy deserves huge credit. It was good to see him upset and angry." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 