A pair of Golden Retrievers have brought their owner close to tears with the heartwarming reaction they had to meeting her newborn baby daughter for the first time. In a viral video posted on TikTok, the excited dogs can be seen greeting the little infant with gentle sniffs and licks. Winston can be seen reaching over a safety gate to fuss affectionately over the baby girl named Miller. While Doug appears to quickly grab a cuddly toy to offer the little newcomer. Miller's mum Brennan Visser recorded the sweet exchange at her home in Virginia, US. The 40-year-old shared the video on TikTok with the caption: "Already the best big brothers. I see lots of kisses & toys in Miller's future!" JUST IN: 'Putin on brink: Exiled oligarch says next round of sanctions to deliver 'serious blow  The clip has been viewed more than 18.9 million times. Brennan told Zenger News: "My husband and I thought it was a very sweet moment but we had no idea it would blow up the way it did. "I think a lot of people really resonated with the video. "Also, there really is nothing cuter than babies and dogs!"  Brennan picked up Winston and Doug from a nearby dog sanctuary when the pair were only eight weeks old. The Golden Retrievers have been described by their proud owners as a "huge part of that family" Brennan and her husband have spoken of their excitement at watching Miller go through life with the two golden guardians close by. TikTok users have taken to the comments section to share their joy at the heart-melting moment Miller met her 'older brothers.' One person wrote: "This is beyond precious! They will love her for the rest of their lives!!!" DON'T MISS: Horror as British man 'stabbed to death' in Algarve holiday resort [NEWS]Homeowner's 'happiness is ruined' by neighbour's trampoline by fence [INSIGHT]Death of cash warning as number of high street cash machines plummets [EXPLAINER] Another person wrote: "It doesn’t get any sweeter than that!" Lots of users noted Doug's gift, with one admitting "Legit teared up when the toy was brought over." Brennan replied: "That’s Doug! "He does that to us every time we come home & I almost cried when he brought it to her."