Amber Heard, 36, is currently a feature of headlines due to her ongoing defamation trial with actor Johnny Depp, 58. Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has recalled in his column how he met the actress and how she had wanted her stint on Top Gear in an effort "to be seen". Amber appeared on Top Gear in 2011 when she joined an array of celebrities to try to get the fastest lap in a reasonably priced car. Although fairly unknown at the time, she appeared on the show to promote her then-new film Drive Angry starring Nicholas Cage. Recalling her appearance on the show, Jeremy said: "Back in 2011, Amber Heard’s people called to ask the Top Gear producers if she could be a Star In A Reasonably Priced Car. "Immediately the producer replied: 'Amber who?' READ MORE: Michael Bublé says he and wife almost ended their marriage "They explained that she was a lesbian petrolhead who loved muscle cars, so we signed her up straight away. "And then, on the day she was to be filmed, her people said that she wasn’t really a lesbian and that she couldn’t drive a manual." He continued: "On the track, she turned out to be slower than the BBC’s then political correspondent, Nick Robinson, and former Sun Page 3 girl Peta, 23, from Essex. "Still, she got what she wanted. A bit more fame", he said in his latest The Sun column. Jeremy is known for his outspoken personality, having also not kept quiet on Amber's failed marriage to heartthrob Johnny. When the London High Court battle was going on in 2020, Jeremy branded the battle "boring". Seemingly "bored" of the news coverage Jeremy took to Twitter to begin a vote. He said: "Vote: which is more boring? Harry and Meghan or Depp and Heard?" DON'T MISS... James Martin shut down marriage plans with girlfriend [RELATIONSHIP] Amanda Holden, 51, hasn't aged since unearthed underwear photoshoot [PICS] Ronnie O’Sullivan’s mum ‘branded ex-fiancee Laila Rouass prostitute’ [INSIGHT] In seconds, fans from all over the world began to share their views, with many blasting the Top Gear legend for suggesting the vote. Deadel98 wrote: "Ehm.. A man is fighting to clear his name. "I wouldn't call that ‘boring’. But hey, maybe I care too much about truth and kindness in a civil society. What do I know." Raven44767143 gave their view, hitting back: "You’re 3 years older than JD yet you have the maturity of a 6 year old and the looks of a 92 year old." After losing the case against The Sun, Johnny is now suing his ex-wife Amber for defamation in the US. He's suing for $50 million over an opinion piece Amber wrote in the Washington Post in which she claimed to have experienced domestic abuse. Amber is counter-suing and the case is expected to last around six weeks. The couple were married for one year before Amber filed for divorce in 2016.