As it emerged that the couple could potentially join other Royal Family members on the balcony during festivities surrounding the Queen's Jubilee, Carol fumed they should "give it a rest" as she began to debate the topic on Loose Women with Kéllé Bryan. Hollyoaks' Kéllé asked why the former royals couldn't be there to support the Queen, who they still share a family relationship with. Carol argued the two should "go away and have their privacy". "They said they wanted privacy, 'we're going over to America to have our privacy', and then they haven't stopped talking about it since," Carol stated. She added: "They haven't stopped talking about themselves and the Royal Family." "They made a documentary," Christine Lampard pointed out as Carol replied: "Exactly!" She went on: "They've got cameras following them, I mean - give it a rest! READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series "I don't mind if they appear on the balcony and I'd have gone, 'aw lovely', but you know at the moment I don't think that. I just think, 'urgh here we go'." "But I don't think they necessarily want it either," Kéllé suggested. "I mean like when they came over to see the Queen just recently, that was a private thing. "They went, people found out about it obviously they would, but they went in because that's their relationship and that shows their relationship is real and truthful. "And they went and did that and it wasn't a big publicity stunt - it was a personal thing that they went and did." The singer and actress added that the pair were being "blamed for being truthful about their experience and exposing what was happening". Frankie Bridge later chimed: "I'm one of those people, I'm like, 'I'm quite happy to see them there'. "I just want everyone to get on, everyone to have a nice time and I just want to know what Meghan's going to wear, okay? That's all I want to know and I'm done." Christine added: "We did ask you at home - we have a Twitter poll, 'would you be happy to see Harry and Meghan back on the balcony during the upcoming celebrations?' 59 per cent of you said no." DON'T MISS... Anne Darwin defended by journalist who broke canoe story [LATEST]Lorraine skewers Starmer over calls for Johnson to resign [VIDEO]Adil Ray explodes over Johnson lies 'Tear up ministerial code!?' [INTERVIEW] "Shock, horror!" Carol scoffed sarcastically as Frankie commented: "You have such a strong opinion on them, I just don't get it." "It's their fault," Carol remarked, while Frankie cut in to say: "Oh, shush!" "They created it," Carol pressed on. Kéllé asked: "Carol, how can you say they created it if it's an experience that they had?" "Look, they're still in the family," Carol stated, adding: "And part of the family, and to bad mouth them as they did - which they did, you can't deny that -" "Even if they got treated badly?" Kéllé added. Carol continued: "But why do they need to? If they want their privacy go away and have it." It comes as the royals gear up for Trooping the Colour, which will return this June for the first time since the Covid pandemic began. Working members of the Royal Family likely to watch the RAF flypast from the balcony this year include Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Princess Anne, Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex did not attend Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey last month with the rest of the Royal Family, but the couple recently visited the Queen at Windsor Castle before they visited The Hague for the Invictus Games. According to the Telegraph, Harry and Meghan have been invited to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.