British Airways and easyJet have cancelled more than 100 flights between them over the past week. Today, the airlines have had no choice but to axe some flights to and from British airports yet again. Scenes in Manchester airport have not changed much in the last week. Queues continue to line the airport has people wait for their delayed flights. Flights have been cancelled every day, ruining the Easter travel plans of thousands. Today, April 11, further flights have been cancelled to and from both Manchester and Heathrow airports, as well as other airports across the country. READ MORE: Travel warning: Britons could spend 'weeks' without luggage Simon Calder appeared on GB News this morning to inform viewers of the latest cancellations. He said: “Today we’re looking at 100 [cancelled flights] from Heathrow, Gatwick and Luton. “British Airways says that most of those passengers were told a week or so ago and therefore they’ve had plenty of time to make alternative arrangements. “From what I can see, the easyJet cancellations are mostly about 48 hours in advance.” According to passenger rights, Simon added that the airline “has to offer you an alternative flight on another airline if need be to get you to your destination on the day that you intend to”.  British Airways has cancelled many domestic and European flights to and from Heathrow. Most of the easyJet cancellations were to and from Gatwick, with some also intended to fly to and from Edinburgh and Glasgow. Passengers have been advised to check with their airlines for the latest information. Flights have been cancelled in recent days due to a shortage of staff. Covid-related sicknesses are to blame, but also the job cuts of thousands in the aviation industry during the pandemic. However, airports are now in the process of recruiting more staff. Chief executive of Manchester Airport Group Charlie Cornish said: “The simple fact is that we don’t currently have the number of staff we need to provide the level of service that our passengers deserve. “I also want to be clear that a huge amount of work is going into improving the situation in the short-term. “Our focus for the next four weeks is on delivering a more predictable and reliable level of service for passengers.” The chief executive added that his company has interviewed “more than 4,000 people” for a variety of roles at the airport over the last two months alone. Many successful interviewees have already started, with a further 250 new hires expected to start in early May following security vetting and training. Full list of cancelled flights today, April 11 British Airways To/from Heathrow Aberdeen Newcastle Edinburgh Manchester Brussels Dublin Pisa Milan Linate Milan Malpensa Frankfurt Barcelona Dusseldorf Tirana Gothenburg Paris Nice Geneva Berlin Larnaca Lyon easyJet To/from Gatwick Milan Malpensa (2) Naples Nice Copenhagen Verona Milan Bergamo Montpellier Preveza Budapest Olbia Berlin Amsterdam Glasgow Edinburgh