The bomb is believed to use cluster munitions that spread and explode over a large area, and has been banned in over 100 countries. Jack Detsch, a national security correspondent, tweeted: "NEW: Russia has started dropping a new type of parachute bomb on Ukraine’s second-largest city of Kharkiv: Center for Defense Strategies think tank. "The bombs are likely cluster shells with individual submunitions with primitive heat tracking sensors or no guidance systems." Due to the extensive harm they cause, cluster munitions are widely criticised for the threat they pose to civilians during conflict. The 2008 Convention on Cluster Munitions, in which over 100 nations have joined, prohibits the use, production, transfer, and stockpiling of cluster munitions.  However, neither Russia nor Ukraine - which also possesses cluster munitions - has signed up to the convention. Russia has used such bombs in Syria and Ukraine in 2014 during the annexation of Crimea. Kharkiv, Ukraine's second-biggest city, has suffered heavy Russian shelling since early in March. The press service for Kharkiv City Council posted on Telegram: "The enemy has been bombing Kharkiv for a month and a half. The last two days, along with mines, shells, Grad systems, Kharkiv suffers the bombing of a new type. READ MORE: Putin religion: Does Russia’s President believe in God? "The Russian aggressor drops parachute bombs. I ask residents not to approach them in any case and immediately inform rescuers by calling 101 or 112". Kharkiv mayor, Igor Terekhov, urged residents to stay in bomb shelters and subway stations, especially at night. He also announced that as many as 1,716 residential buildings in the city have been destroyed since the start of the invasion. On April 8, eyewitnesses were said to have noticed parachute bombs on the outskirts of the city, with at least seven private houses destroyed during the attacks. DON'T MISS: Putin insider exposes how to END Ukraine war in weeks [INSIGHT]Archbishop of York hits back at Ranvir Singh over Putin's Ukraine war [COMMENT]Ukraine LIVE: Putin plot backfires as TWO new countries to join NATO [VIDEO] The next day, a five-story building was also believed to have been destroyed by bombs in Kharkiv. Eyewitnesses reported seeing shells falling from the sky on parachutes. Such landmines can be dropped from multiple rocket launchers, confirmed sappers who inspected the site. On Saturday morning, the authorities of the Kharkiv region reported that the Russians shot at the districts of Kharkiv and its suburbs 50 times a day. Oleh Syniehubov, head of the district authorities, wrote on Telegram: “The infrastructure of the Saltivka, Cholodna Hora, Oleksyivka and CHTZ districts has suffered. Intensive shelling was in Dergacze (near Kharkiv). The hospital, clinic and residential houses are damaged. There are no injured”. 