Susanna Reid, 51, took to Twitter today to share a picture from her time in Ukraine as she prepares to present live for Good Morning Britain at the Polish and Ukrainian border. Lorraine Kelly, 62, has taken to the social media site to throw her support behind her ITV co-star as she travels to war-torn Ukraine. Susanna took to Twitter earlier today to share a picture from her "special" interview with Amelia and her mum Lilia. Lorraine responded to Susanna's message surrounding her Good Morning Britain coverage in view of her 694,400 Twitter followers. She penned to her vast following: "Really worth a watch x." Susanna told her followers she was going to be chatting to the young girl Amelia who sang Frozen's Let It Go in a Kyiv bomb shelter. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams claims Prince Harry is ‘protecting' the Queen In view of her 863,00 followers, she said about the interview: "TOMORROW: I am @gmb in Poland with a special interview with Amelia & her mum Lilia. "The 7 year old who sang “Let it Go” in the Kyiv bomb shelter has became a symbol of her nation. "And I’ll be reporting from the Polish-Ukrainian border live from 6am Monday #GMB." Many social media users took to the post's comments to share their safety concerns with the presenter and thank her for her efforts. AndyTucker68 was one fan who said: "Be careful out there Xx." SeanWhalley8 added: "Good luck tomorrow morning Susanna Reid and please please stay safe as much as you can." Angelacoulter20 commented: "I could never forget that beautiful little girl singing that song. "She was a ray of sunshine in that darkened bomb shelter. She really lifted everyone's spirits. DON'T MISS... Gemma Atkinson says her 'camel toe bagged Gorka' in cheeky video [COMMENT] Demi Rose flaunts her jaw-dropping curves in diamanté bodysuit [INSTAGRAM] Jeremy Clarkson says Rwanda ‘better’ home for refugees than Lancashire [OPINION] "I look forward to seeing you tomorrow in Poland and the interview with Amelia and her mum." (sic) Susanna's "special" interview with Amelia will be a big feature of GMB, with the child going viral on Facebook when her mother shared the moving video. Mother Lilia, who made the tough decision to separate from her children and stay behind in Ukraine with Amelia’s dad Roman, subsequently said she was "very glad that the whole world heard my daughter". Her post read: "From the first word there was complete silence in the bomb shelter. "Everyone put aside their work and listened to a song performed by this girl who just radiated light. "Even the men couldn’t hold back their tears," she added. Susanna's co-host Richard Madeley will present Good Morning Britain from the London studios, while Susanna provides first-hand coverage from the border. Good Morning Britain airs on ITV tomorrow from 6am.