His wife Harriet, who is also his paid assistant, said: "David has been admitted to a psychiatric hospital for severe shock and stress. No further comment to make." His wife Harriet, who is also his paid assistant, said: "David has been admitted to a psychiatric hospital for severe shock and stress. No further comment to make." The allegations are being examined by officials within Parliament's Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme (ICGS). The GovernmentWhips' Office said: "David Warburton MP has had the Conservative Party whip removed while the investigation is ongoing." Transport Secretary Grant Shapps insisted that the Conservative Party took the claims seriously. The Cabinet minister said in a Sky News interview yesterday: "I don't have any sort of further knowledge of it other than what I've read in the newspapers and what the party's said." "Obviously, any allegations like this need to be taken extremely carefully, but all the facts will need to be brought out as well." "So until we get there I don't think there's much more I can helpfully add to it." A newspaper yesterday said that two women had made formal complaints to the ICGS about Mr Warburton, who has been the MP for Somerton and Frome since 2015. A third woman was also reported to have made allegations about the MP's conduct. The newspaper claimed that the MP took cocaine and behaved inappropriately with the women. Mr Warburton is reported to deny any wrongdoing. He was quoted in a newspaper as saying: "I have enormous amounts of defence, but unfortunately the way that things work means that doesn't come out first. "I have heard nothing whatsoever from the Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme. I'm sorry, I can't comment any further." Supporters of the backbencher, a 56-year-old father of two, were reported as saying that he might have been the victim of a "right old stitchup" by a foreign power. Mr Warburton was first elected with a majority of 20,268 - some 53 percent of the votes cast. According to the MP's website, at 18.3 percent this represented the largest constituency swing to the Conservatives, from the Lib Dems. Mr Warburton was re-elected to his constituency in 2017 and again in 2019, with majorities of 22,906 and 19,213 respectively. He is the current chairman of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Music and previously had been a member of the Commons European Scrutiny Committee. Prior to becoming an MP, Mr Warburton had taught music for five years at an inner-city mixed community school in London. He later founded the technology company The Music Solution Ltd in 1999. It became the Pitch Entertainment Group. His website says Mr Warburton went on to set up two-building, property restoration and development firms in 2009 and co-founded the online business MyHigh.St in 2012.