Tyson Fury christened Dillian Whyte with an uppercut from hell on Saturday night and then announced it would be the last punch he'll ever throw in the ring. But Anthony Joshua's camp manager is not buying it and believes the Gypsy King is 'stringing the public along' and could be 'waiting' to see who emerges victorious from his rival's heavyweight world title clash with Oleksandr Usyk. Fury destroyed Whyte in front of 94,000 fans at Wembley with a vicious sixth-round uppercut to retain his WBC and Ring Magazine belts and cement his position as the No 1 heavyweight in the world. After the 32nd victory of his illustrious career, he claimed he would be walking away from the sport as a modern-day great. The self-styled Gypsy King has however got a history of prematurely announcing his retirement, and wife Paris has already shrouded it in doubt by admitting he would 'come back for a unification fight' despite having 'nothing left to prove'. Only months ago, Fury outlined his intentions to face Whyte, Joshua or Usyk and Dereck Chisora as part of his three-fight plan before retiring and Joshua's camp manager David Ghansa is not ready to accept his words at face value until the WBC confirm his belt is vacant. READ MORE Tyson Fury clip goes viral as boxing star urges ref to pull dazed Dillian Whyte from fight "I don't see him retiring. He's said it many times before and until we are told by the WBC that that belt is vacant, then he isn't retired," Ghansa told Express Sport. "He's stringing the public along by telling them it's his last fight. I think he could be waiting to see the outcome of the Joshua and Usyk fight. He's already made his feelings on a fight with Usyk clear. And we all know that. "The undisputed fight in my eyes still has to happen. But until that belt is vacant and two other guys in the top spots of the rankings are fighting for it, then it's not true." DON'T MISS Tyson Fury details retirement plan in emotional speech after Dillian Whyte KO Floyd Mayweather comments serve as Francis Ngannou warning to Tyson Fury Tyson Fury tells brother Tommy not to attend fight afterparty - 'Go home to your missus!'    Joshua, who tuned in to watch his old rival Whyte fail in his maiden heavyweight title attempt, would still be keen on exploring an all-British showdown with Fury. The pair had agreed on a money-spinning fight in Saudi Arabia last year but the deal collapsed when Fury was ordered to face Deontay Wilder for a third time. The fight could still be revived if Joshua exacts revenge on Usyk and regains his WBO, WBA and IBF world titles this summer. But AJ is solely focused on Usyk for the time being with their rematch in Saudi Arabia pencilled in for July 23. Despite the public still clamouring for a fight between Fury and Joshua, the Manchester giant insisted he is more interested in an exhibition crossover fight with UFC star Francis Ngannou, with the pair meeting in the ring after his victory over Whyte. He added: "I've said what I've said, I'm happy with my decisions, I'm going to go home with my wife and my kids, I've been away for a long time, I've fulfilled everything I ever wanted to fulfil. I'm going to retire as only the second heavyweight in history to retire undefeated after Rocky Marciano. Two-time Ring Magazine heavyweight champion of the world, there's never been a Ring Magazine holder in my era, there hasn't been a lineal in my era either. "I will not rule out exhibitions for sure, Big Francis Ngannou was here today, he's on my hit list in an exhibition fight, either in a cage, in a boxing ring, boxing gloves, UFC gloves, we can make it happen. He's a monster of a guy, I'm a monster of a guy, so that will be a Clash of the Titans for sure."