 This week, McIlroy is making his eighth career attempt to complete a Masters victory, in a week where all the attention has turned to golfing legend’s Tiger Woods’ unlikely comeback. The US star is competing just 14 months after being involved in a near-fatal car crash that almost resulted in Woods’ right leg being amputated. After months of surgery and rehabilitation the athlete is back on the green, competing with the likes of McIlroy for what would be a fairytale major victory.   The 32-year-old former world no 1 said at last week’s Texas Open that he was as excited as anyone that Woods was teeing up at Augusta. McIlroy insisted that his tournament game-plan was to “cut out the silly mistakes”, and with the deafening fanfare surrounding his friend Woods, the star was hoping to have a successful tournament free from the media’s constant glare. The athlete made an electric start to his golfing career, winning the 2011 US Open, 2012 PGA Tour, the 2014 Open Championship and the 2014 PGA Championship. In turn, McIlroy joined Jack Nicklaus and Woods as one of three players to win four majors by the age of 25. Read More: Tiger Woods and Sergio Garcia’s furious 14-year feud recapped    However fellow four-time major winner Koepka once dismissed McIlroy as a rival, due to the length of time it had been since the Northern Irish golfer had won a major. Speaking to AFP in 2019, Koepka said: “I’ve been out here for what, five years? Rory hasn’t won a major since I’ve been on the PGA Tour so I just don’t view it as a rivalry. “I’m No.1 in the world. I’ve got open road in front of me. I’m not looking in the rearview mirror, so I don’t see it as a rivalry. “You know if the fans do [call it a rivalry], then that’s on them, and it could be fun. “Look, I love Rory. He’s a great player and he’s fun to watch, but it’s just hard to believe there’s a rivalry in golf. I just don’t see it.” At the time Koepka was in electric form, having become the first golfer since Curtis Strange in the Eighties to claim the US Open in consecutive years in 2017 and 2018. He then won a third major at the 2018 PGA Championship at Bellerive Country Club, with a championship record-tying score of 264 over 72 holes. His 2018 US Open and PGA Tour victory also made Koepka the first man to claim that double since Woods in 2000. Don't Miss:Tiger Woods was left 'so p***** off' after Muhammad Ali punched him[OPINION]Jon Rahm: Remarkable footage of 'greatest hole-in-one in history' [INSIGHT]Tiger Woods once fought back tears after remarkable comeback[ANALYSIS]  Koepka’s fourth major came at the 2019 PGA Championship at Bethpage Black. The following year at the PGA Championship Koepka taunted another opponent, Dustin Johnson, and questioned his compatriots' record. But this time, McIlroy hit out at Koepka for failing to respect another golfer on the tour. After a third-round 67 placed him two strokes off the lead Koepka said: “I like my chances.  “When I’ve been in this position before I’ve capitalised. I don’t know, [Johnson’s] only won one. I’m playing good. “I was glancing at the leaderboard and of the ten guys that are up there, there’s been, what, three majors. “DJ has been in this spot a couple of times and he hasn’t been able to capitalise.” The next day, McIlroy jumped to the defence of Johnson, and said: “I was watching the golf last night and heard the interview and was just taken aback by what he said and whether he was trying to play mind games or not. “If he’s trying to play mind games, he’s trying to do it to the wrong person. I don’t think DJ really gives much of a concern to that.  “I certainly try to respect everyone out here. Everyone is a great player. “If you’ve won a major championship, you’re a hell of a player. Doesn’t mean you’ve only won one; you’ve won one, and you’ve had to do a lot of good things to do that. McIlroy even went as far as questioning Koepka’s own credentials to criticise Johnson. He said: “It’s hard to knock a guy that’s got 21 wins on the PGA Tour, which is three times what Brooks has.”