Bridgerton’s highly anticipated second season recently came to an end and after just under a month since the show premiered, the ranking for Netflix’s most trending series’ was released. Sadly, the period drama lost the top spot to the platform’s historical Viking drama, The Last Kingdom.  After premiering its fifth and final season in March, The Last Kingdom proved to be a huge hit with fans and an even bigger success for Netflix after coming first on the charts. Upon analysing the IMDB ratings of Netflix’s trending series, tombola revealed 12 of the highest-rated TV shows released this Spring. While The Last Kingdom claimed the coveted spot in first place, Bridgerton was not far behind in second place. The two shows did, however, share a huge similarity which revealed their finale was the highest-rated episode of the season.  READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story development Bridgerton’s second season finale scored 8.5/10 while The Last Kingdom’s final episode scored a 9.9/10. The study also found historical TV dramas were a new favourite genre among viewers as Vikings Valhalla’s first season scored fourth place on the list. Another interesting discovery was 58 percent of the current trending dramas’ pilot episode was their lowest rated. This indicated that although most viewers didn’t think highly of the episode, they still gave the series a chance and continued watching.  However, it wasn’t all bad news for Bridgerton as the recent instalment was rated higher than its first season, which helped the show become a worldwide sensation. This was a huge success for the drama even though it didn’t feature the fan-favourite heartthrob, Duke of Hastings (played by Regé-Jean Page). The rating may come as a surprise for many fans as season two had dramatically decreased the number of steamy scenes. Nevertheless, Bridgerton’s first season landed in third place, with an average IMDB rating of 7.7  DON'T MISS...Adam Henson gives sad update on beloved dog Peg [INSIGHT] Bridgerton season 3: Kate more confident after ‘empowering’ sex scenes [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth shares peek at new role [INSIGHT] A number of other popular shows appeared on the list in the following order after Vikings Vallaha, including Sweet Magnolia’s season two, Inventing Anna and Pieces of Her season one. This was followed by Raising Dion season two, In From the Cold Season one and Love is Blind season two which came in last place, with an average IMDB rating of 6.7. Tombola's study revealed 83 percent of the trending Netflix series right now were rated higher by women than men. With only In From the Cold: Season one, and Vikings: Valhalla: Season one rated higher by men than women.  As the highest-rated series on Netflix this Spring, The Last Kingdom proved to be a huge hit, even though it came to an end. With an overall rating of 9.2 from over 13.8k fans, it shows it is the must-watch of April. While the series may have come to an end, fans can look forward to seeing more of Uhtred of Bebbanburg (Alexander Dreymon) as its sequel film Seven Kings Must Die is expected for release in 2023. 