Meghan, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, attended the opening weekend of the Invictus Games, which was founded by the Duke to showcase the recovery of injured or sick military servicemen and women. But while chatting away with a Team UK competitor, the Duchess let slip that the soon-to-be new parents struggled to decide whether to go with Archie or Harrison as their son’s first name. The couple welcomed Archie back in May 2019, before Lilibet Diana, now 10 months old, arrived in June 2021. Sherry McBain, 42, described how her wife Mandy had travelled to the Hague for the Games with their son, Harrison, in tow. The pair attended Meghan’s book reading over the weekend, before striking up a conversation with the Duchess. Sherry told the Press Association: “[Meghan] was like, ‘Harrison, that’s Archie’s middle name’, and Mandy was like, ‘Yeah, I know.’” Sherry, from Southampton, added: "They were just having a chat because Harry and Meghan couldn’t decide between Archie and Harrison for the first name." Sherry, who is a competitor for Team UK at the Invictus Games, described how Harrison “was just over the moon that a princess has read him a story”. She quipped: “So that went down really well with all the UK children.” Sherry described the Duchess as “very friendly” and “really open”, as Harrison drew pictures and told Meghan “that it was a picture of a tram”. READ MORE: Prince Harry in 'saddest expression' following Meghan Markle's speech She said: “I don’t think it quite looked like a tram, so she was very gracious and said that’s a brilliant tram, so he was delighted.” Sherry has been competing in the sitting volleyball and archery contests for the UK team in the Games which she described as making a “massive difference”. She added: “It’s the difference in the fact that I’m still serving. “I was diagnosed with delayed complex PTSD. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: ‘Cannot compete!’ Stunning Meghan picture reveals [LIVE] 'Prince Harry NEEDS the Invictus Games' as reminder of good he did [ANALYSIS] Royal POLL: Should young royals start taking over more duties? [POLL] “This journey has just meant that actually I can still live a life instead of hiding, and not stepping out of the house and just being broken. “I owe so much to the Invictus Games and everything that it has done for me and for my family.” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex attended and spoke at the opening ceremony of the Games on Saturday night, sharing an intimate kiss on stage as the event kicked off at the Zuiderpark stadium. Meghan introduced her husband to the stage, describing the “many late nights and early mornings” the Duke had spent planning the event, delayed two years due to the Covid pandemic. She told the audience: “Now, it is my distinguished honour to introduce someone who I think you'll be excited to hear from. “He has spent many late nights and early mornings planning for these games to make them as perfect as possible for each of you. “I could not love and respect him more and I know many of you feel the same because he is your fellow veteran having served two tours of Afghanistan, and ten years of military service and the founder of Invictus Games and the father to our two little ones, Archie and Lili. “Please welcome my incredible husband, Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex.”