Tottenham have been tipped to make a move for Inter Milan star Denzel Dumfries amidst their failure to capture Adama Traore in the winter transfer window - with reports claiming that contact has been made by Daniel Levy in a bid to get his man for Antonio Conte.  The north London side were tipped to sign Traore from Wolves in January, but were deterred after failing to stump up a big enough fee for him. Reports flooded in that a deal was close, although a move never materialised and Conte instead has had to utilise the unfavoured Matt Doherty. A right-back is still a huge priority for the Italian boss, and he will rue the missed opportunity to sign Traore given how well the speedster has fared at Barcelona. Tariq Lamptey, Traore and Max Aarons have all been linked with the Lilywhites, although the English targets may lack the experience that Conte requires just yet. And with that in mind, a report by Tuttosport claims that Tottenham have made contact with Inter for the Dutchman's services, in a bid to keep Conte content for the timbering. The publication states that Bayern Munich are also interested in the man who replaced Paris Saint-Germain star Achraf Hakimi last season.  JUST IN: Man Utd players 'informed' of Erik ten Hag appointment with announcement plan in place  Inter have already been informed of potential interest by Spurs' transfer chief Fabio Paratici, with the Italian knowing the Serie A incredibly well. And a supposed bid of £35million would likely be enough to tempt the Nerazzurri to part ways with the Rotterdam-born star. Dumfries signed for Inter in the summer after an extremely strong showing at Euro 2020 for the Netherlands. He has thoroughly impressed in his time at the San Siro, scoring four goals and registering five assists at the league champions. And current Inter manager Simone Inzaghi praised his star back in December for a superb start to life in Italy. “I think he is doing very well, I have always alternated him with [Matteo] Darmian who is another guy who has enjoyed a very good start to the season,” Dumfries said.  DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports  “Now Matteo is absent and Denzel is playing more, he deserves it for how he applies himself in training." Tottenham currently sit fourth in the Premier League, ahead of Arsenal on goal difference having played 32 games each. And if they qualify for the Champions League, a move for Dumfries could well be sanctioned. 