Manchester United's hopes of signing Kalvin Phillips have reportedly been given a boost as the Leeds star is set to switch agents in a bid to secure an Elland Road exit. United are desperate to sign a quality defensive midfielder in the summer and Phillips fits the bill. Phillips still has two years left to run on his current Leeds deal, but the 26-year-old has a host of big-name suitors after his starring role in last summer's European championships. The midfielder started all seven games for England during their historic run to the final. And according to a new report from The Manchester Evening News, Phillips is preparing to switch agents in a bid to clinch a big-money move. However, Leeds are 'hopeful' of keeping hold of the midfielder for another year - despite the fact that talks over a new contract have stalled. The Whites believe that clubs may be reluctant to meet their £60million asking price due to Phillips' injury-hit campaign. But the midfielder's stock is still high - even though he missed around three-and-a-half-months of the season with a hamstring injury. READ MORE: Liverpool star Salah edges out De Bruyne to win FWA Footballer of the Year And that figure may not be enough to dampen United's interest given the sky-high demands that other clubs have for their own midfield stars. United are also admirers of Phillips' England colleagues Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham. However, it's anticipated that both would more than likely cost in excess of £100m in the summer - a figure United are unable to meet. Incoming manager Erik ten Hag is set to be backed in the transfer market ahead of the new Premier League campaign, but United desperately need new recruits in a number of positions, making a marquee summer signing such as Rice or Bellingham extremely unlikely. Even though Phillips is a boyhood Leeds fan, that doesn't necessarily mean that a summer switch to Old Trafford can be ruled out. United have lured a host of big-name stars to Manchester down the years, including Eric Cantona and Rio Ferdinand. DON'T MISSTottenham's Eriksen return hopes boosted as midfielder makes 'preference' clearArsenal handed Gabriel Jesus boost despite Man City forward's formRoy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter Leeds fielded - and rebuffed - a number of enquiries for Phillips in the January transfer window, but the Elland Road hierarchy are 'resigned' to losing the Whites academy graduate eventually. It's likely that United will face stiff competition if they do decide to firm up their interest in Phillips with a summer swoop. Aston Villa were one of the clubs who reportedly made a move for the midfielder earlier in the year and it's anticipated that they will rekindle their interest in Phillips at the end of the season. The Times reported last month that Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain also held an interest in the Leeds ace, who has been 'regularly scouted' by the European giants.