Meghan Markle will join Prince Harry at the Invictus Games in the Netherlands this week. This will mark her first official trip outside of the US since stepping down from the Royal Family. Camilla Tominey discussed the news with Matthew Wright, Josie Gibson and Vernon Kay on Tuesday’s This Morning. Josie remarked: “When I think of the Invictus Games I think of Harry but it’s a shame he could make the Invictus Games and not his grandfather’s memorial.” Camilla explained: “On this, it is a bit bizarre because he’s claiming to the Home Office that he can’t come back to the UK because he hasn’t got adequate security, clearly he feels he has got adequate security in the Netherlands. “So they employ private bodyguards but their argument is when they come to the UK as a family they should have Met police protection. “But we still can’t quite work out why he couldn’t come to the memorial because the entire event was enveloped by the Met police. They would have been a part of the royal major eventing police operation that that was.” Read more: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces “If [Meghan] goes to the Invictus Games, of course, they are entitled to go wherever they like whenever they like, they are no longer members of the Royal Family and she’ll be there supporting him charitably. “But it sort of suggests there’s no appetite for Meghan to come back to Britain and maybe some people would say, ‘I wouldn’t blame her’. “But, of course, the Queen is not getting any younger, she hasn’t seen her great-grandchildren, she hasn’t seen Archie since November 2019. “She’s never met Lilibet their daughter who’s her namesake so maybe they’ll come for the Platinum Jubilee.” Elsewhere in the discussion, Josie asked Matthew his thoughts on Meghan and Harry’s latest move. She said: “Meghan and Harry back in Europe together for the first time since leaving the Royal Family. What do you make of that?” He replied: “Immediately people are going, ‘Why wasn’t he at Philip’s memorial?’ “All I’ll say is if he knew Prince Harry was going to walk his grandmother down the line maybe that’s why he didn’t want to go to the memorial. DON'T MISSRichard Madeley blasts proposal to make avoiding chores a crime [INSIGHT]Richard Madeley called out by GMB fans for 'bullying' oil protestor [INTERVIEW]'See you later!' Vernon Kay walks off This Morning after cooking jibe [VIDEO] “I wouldn’t want to go to the memorial in circumstances such as that. “He’s going to the Invictus Games because it means a lot to him, he’s left the Royal Family so I don’t understand why we would expect to see him there. “The Invictus Games runs over a period of time that coincides with the Queen’s birthday I believe and that gives him a couple of days where he could potentially come over here. “But he’s brought a [lawsuit] against the Home Office for failing to provide protection officers so if he’s seen to come to the UK that may suggest he doesn’t need to pay for his own protection officers and undermine that legal suit.” Addressing Matthew’s claims concerning Prince Andrew, Camilla replied: “No one actually knew, not even the Queen, that the Duke of York was going to take that prominent role in the [memorial]. “Royal aides were horrified by the scene but that’s another story for another day.” Meghan and Harry will reportedly be joined by a Netflix crew for their Archewell Productions project during their trip to the Netherlands. This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.