Sam Tolley lost her four children, Joshua, Thomas, Callum and Daniel, in horrifying circumstances in 2003. A memorial garden was set up at their primary school in honour of the children. However, the school, Handley Hill Primary School in Winsford, was closed in 2009 and the local authority since granted Linden Homes permission to develop the site. Cheshire County Council stipulated that the developers could not touch the memorial garden. But when the bereaved mother visited the site earlier this week, she said she found that the builders working on site had destroyed her memorial. Ms Tolley said the monument had been “trashed” and that she was “totally heartbroken”. READ MORE: Kate Middleton silent gesture spotted by Royal fans at Philip memorial She told CheshireLive she was “totally heartbroken”, adding: “How can they do this and get away with it? “No warning to tell me, I turn up and [it] looks like this. I was told the garden under no circumstances would be touched, devastated isn’t the word.” According to the local publication, Ms Tolley’s four sons were murdered by their farther Keith Young, who forced his wife to listen over the phone as he took their lives before taking his own. It had been agreed the developers would meet with Ms Tolley to discuss plans for a new memorial garden as a condition of planning permission. However, Ms Tolley said that this had not happened and there had been no consultation between parties that work was to begin. Work to clear up the vegetation on the site and prepare the ground had started, however. Linden Homes said that there had been confusion concerning the start of the work on the memorial because of a changeover of personnel on site. A spokesperson for Vistry Group, which incorporates Linden Homes said: “A new memorial garden is being created, retaining the existing wall and incorporating Sam’s ideas, such as the inclusion of tractors within the design in tribute to her sons. DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: Czech tanks roll into Ukraine as NATO member [REPORT] Irish MEP 'absolutely sick' of EU's Russia plan [INSIGHT] Nicola Sturgeon's SNP slammed over 'cheap and cynical' video attack [REACTION] “There will also be an ornamental tree with a special memorial plaque, four more trees to symbolise the boys, and benches for people to sit and reflect. “We met with Sam at the site in August to discuss the plans, but we are sorry if there has been any misunderstanding about the timescales of that work that has caused upset – and we have a meeting with Sam and Winsford Mayor Cllr Nathan Pardoe [this] Thursday to go through the design and the timetable. “Currently the overgrown vegetation is being cleared as the land is prepared for work to start on the new garden next month, with the intention that Sam continues to be involved in this process throughout.” Cllr Pardoe said Linden Homes “must deliver on its promise” to “reinstate [the memorial] with care and sensitivity”. The Mayor added: “Plans were drawn up last summer for the reinstatement of the memorial garden. “Linden Homes staff are aware of how important this garden is to the Winsford community and always intended to reinstate it. “The most important thing is that the wishes of the family continue to be incorporated into plans for reinstatement, with this in mind I'll be attending a site visit along with Sam and Linden Homes. “All involved want to see a memorial garden that remembers Joshua, Thomas, Callum and Daniel appropriately.” A spokesperson for Cheshire West and Chester Council said: “The council has long been conscious of the need to respect this important memorial, which remembers the four boys from Winsford who attended the school. “Even though the Handley Hill School site is being redeveloped for housing, the memorial will still be retained and rebuilt on the site as part of this new development. “The planning permission for the site was approved on the condition that the developer reinstate a new memorial garden.”