Chief Whip Chris Heaton-Harris has ordered an investigation into accusations a Conservative MP watched pornography on his mobile phone both in the House of Commons and in committee. A Downing Street spokesperson described the MP’s act as “whole unacceptable behaviour” that is “being looked into”. But the Tory MP’s identity has so far remained anonymous, which has had GB News’ presenter Alex Phillips raging. Ms Phillips told GB News viewers: “The MP should be named and shamed.” “Clearly, someone in the party got the wrong message and instead decided to do some personal research into the sort of website Nadine Dorries (Secretary of State for Digital and Media) should be regulating.” “First of all, anyone watching porn at work should probably be sacked. But sitting and scrolling through X-rated material in front of colleagues in the chamber – and I don’t mean one’s bedroom – is just plain gross.” Two female MPs made the allegations at a meeting with senior party figures. One of them said the MP was aware he was being watched when looking at the content. A Labour Party spokesperson said “it’s a sackable offence” and Prime Minister Boris Johnson agreed that sexual misconduct would be “grounds for dismissal”. The Independent Complaints and Grievances Scheme (ICGS), a scheme set up in the wake of the #MeToo movement, will investigate the allegations and handle the complaints. A Conservative spokesperson said: “Upon the conclusion of any investigation, the Chief Whip will take appropriate action.” This scandal comes amid claims of harassment aimed at 56 MPs, including three cabinet ministers, by a parliamentary watchdog. Labour deputy leader Angela Rayner recently made headlines after a Tory MP claimed she crossed her legs in the Commons to distract Boris Johnson. The Prime Minister pledged he would punish that MP for the claim. “If you’re thinking Westminster sounds like a 1970s stand-up routine, you’re not far off”, Ms Phillips slammed. DON'T MISS: 'They did know!' Labour MP erupts as Covid ruling damns Hancock [REPORT]'Tell us the names!' Charlie Stayt turns up pressure on Ashworth [REPORT]Peston: Emily Thornberry reacts to Parliament's 'cesspool' of misogyny [REPORT]  The two female MPs made the allegations of pornography watching during a meeting of the 2022 committee, which aims to promote gender equality. When asked about the three Cabinet ministers investigated for alleged harassment and bullying, PM Boris Johnson said: “Of course, sexual harassment is intolerable, and is quite right that members should now have a procedure whereby they can bring it to the attention of the House authorities.” “I think that is a good thing, and of course, sexual harassment is grounds for dismissal.”