Arsenal fans have reacted positively to news they’re close to landing Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City. However, Manchester United may now upstage the Gunners by proceeding to land the deadlier Darwin Nunez from Benfica. The Red Devils will be managed by Erik ten Hag next season - and recent comments from Ralf Rangnick suggests there will be a big summer of change at Old Trafford. Ahead of Arsenal’s Premier League clash with Manchester United, news broke that the Gunners were closing in on Jesus. Reports from Brazil have claimed Mikel Arteta’s team are in ‘advanced talks’ to land the Samba star, with an agreement with the striker already reached. Arsenal have apparently been in talks with Jesus’ representatives for months and, now, are putting the finishing touches on a deal. It’s welcome news to fans who want to see a new marksman arrive, especially with the futures of Eddie Nketiah and Alexandre Lacazette shrouded in uncertainty. Yet United may now end up upstaging Arsenal as they prepare for the Ten Hag era. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz This summer, the club intend on recruiting a new centre-forward. It’s believed to be a priority area for the Red Devils as they plan for a brighter future with their new manager at the helm. Cristiano Ronaldo may not hang around, especially if United find themselves playing in the Europa League or UEFA Conference League going forward. Edinson Cavani and Anthony Martial are likely to be shown the door, while the position of Mason Greenwood remains uncertain amid a police investigation. United have relied on Ronaldo for his goals this term but, at the age of 37, his best years remain behind him. So it’s emerged that Ten Hag has set his sights on Nunez to spearhead his exciting new era and get United fully firing next term. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players While Jesus is a brilliant player, and has been a good asset for City, his goalscoring record pales in comparison. The 25-year-old has netted 21 goals under Pep Guardiola over the past two years, with those goals coming from 70 appearances. But Nunez has outscored the City striker in just a year. The Benfica star has emerged as the perfect replacement for Joao Felix, who left for Atletico Madrid back in the summer transfer window of 2019. Nunez has been in outrageous form this season, netting 33 goals from 38 appearances. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And, since making his Benfica debut following his arrival from Almeria in 2019, he’s bagged an impressive 47 goals from 82 matches. Arsenal have also been linked with Nunez as the summer transfer window creeps closer. But finances mean it’s unlikely they’ll now have the cash to afford the Benfica star, especially given how Edu wants to bolster other areas of the squad instead. For United, that can be their gain. And they’ll be hoping to give Ten Hag the signing of Nunez as they seek to win the Premier League title for the first time since 2013. Speaking earlier this month, meanwhile, the Benfica marksman responded to praise from Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp. After being hailed, he said: "What the Liverpool coach [Jurgen Klopp] said, I take it as a compliment, but my mind is on Benfica. "I won't say anything, and I'll leave everything for this shirt. "My job is to continue like this, to take advantage of this luck that is happening to me. Last year I didn't play at all, but this year I'm having an incredible season. "I have to continue like this, and there is also a lot of merit from my colleagues.”