Maria (played by Samia Longchambon) has been desperate to keep her husband, Gary Windass (Mikey North), out of prison following the discovery of Rick Neelan's (Greg Wood) body in recent scenes on Coronation Street. Knowing she was dying and after hearing about how Gary killed her ex-husband, Laura (Kel Allen) agreed to take the wrap but this caused a huge argument between herself and her daughter, Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson). Unfortunately, the character has now left the ITV soap as it seemed she had succumbed to the extent to which the stomach cancer had taken over her body. However, Maria was the last person to see her alive and she could have done something to silence Laura once and for all. Throughout the evening's episode, Maria and Gary were trying to get Kelly to go and see her dying mother as the doctors had said she only had hours left to live. Still angry at her mother for supposedly killing her father, the teenager decided to attend a hairdresser's awards ceremony instead and hit the bottle to drown her sorrows. With the minutes counting down until her death, Gary agreed to find Laura's daughter and have one last shot at changing her mind. Not wanting Laura to be alone during her final moment, Maria turned up at the hospital to be by the dying woman's side. As the women shared a tender moment together, the stalwart explained how much Kelly thought of her mother and expressed her gratitude over taking the wrap for Rick's murder. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Meena Jutla to fall pregnant before she exits When Maria first entered the room, Laura mistook her for Kelly but the hairdresser said: "No. I'm sorry, it's Maria. "Kelly will be here soon, though," she continued before adding: "Laura, I just want to thank you for what you have done. "You're a good woman. I can't believe what you've done for Kelly and for Gary. For all of us," she stated and she proceeded to tell the dying woman she would be by her side until her daughter arrived. It was a fair amount of time before Kelly actually burst through the hospital doors and by this point, Laura had died. Maria was the one who broke the news to her surrogate daughter, telling her how sorry she was she didn't get to see her mother one final time. As Kelly went to see her mother's corpse, Maria couldn't stop herself from crying hysterically, possibly hinting at the fact she might have caused Laura's death. After thanking the dying woman, the hairdresser could have been horrified to hear Laura say she wanted to tell Kelly the truth. She might have wanted to die knowing her daughter didn't hate her because she thought her mother had killed her loan shark father. However, this would have meant Gary would have been in the line of fire with the police and he would have been sent to jail for a very long time. Not wanting her precious family unit to be destroyed, the mother of one could have decided to take matters into her own hands. DON'T MISS...Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [COMMENT]Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT]Corrie’s Beverley Callard begged Ricky Gervais for role in After Life [COMMENT] Knowing Laura was going to die anyway, Maria could have accelerated the time to ensure by the time Kelly arrived, her mother was gone. This would mean the teenager would have no idea the people she now saw as parents were the characters who killed her parents. It could be some time before Maria fills even her husband in on her deadly secret, explaining to him she wanted to protect him. Having built up a strong bond with Laura before she died, Gary would be heartbroken to know his wife had turned to the dark side. As they do their best to hide their murderous secrets, will the couple have to take more lives to ensure they maintain their freedom? The actress who played Laura, Kel, explained why her character decided to take the wrap for Rick's murder just a few short weeks ago. Kel said: "People are bound to have been shocked to start off as they have wanted Gary to pay but you've also got people seeing the other side of Gary and the redemption for his character. "I genuinely hope that people see why she's doing it, which is to secure Kelly's future. I also hope that people see the redemption for Laura. "That she is finally doing something good, finally putting her daughter’s needs before her own. The whole storyline for Laura has been built so it will show that it's this relationship which is at the heart of it. "It's about families, about love and it's about making sure that her daughter is finally getting what she needs from her as a mother even though it might hurt her too." Discussing why she wanted Maria and Gary to take on the parental responsibilities for her character's daughter, Kel added: "I think personally all she's thought is about Kelly's future and she's not considered herself in it. "When the realisation of that hits those scenes where she is talking to Kelly were so emotional. Oh my god. I was sobbing I couldn't stop even when they shouted cut. "It is the realisation for Laura that her daughter is going to hate her and that throws her off because she loves her but she is still determined to make this sacrifice even if she dies with her daughter believing she is a murderer. "She has had to make the person she loves the most hate her in order to help her." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.