Manchester United want to complete a 'Bruno Fernandes-style deal' for Benfica striker Darwin Nunez this summer in their bid to sign a striker. United are one of several clubs interested in Nunez after garnering attention through a stellar season. According to Sport Witness sources, the Red Devils are joined by Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester City, among other suitors, to have registered an interest. And Benfica would consider selling the 22-year-old if they receive an offer worth around £109.3million (€130m). More interestingly, the report claims that although Nunez isn't one of super-agent Jorge Mendes' clients, he will play a role in carrying out his potential summer move. Mendes' most high-profile client is Cristiano Ronaldo, and he helped Fernandes join United from Sporting Lisbon in 2020. Miguel Pinho represents the Portuguese midfielder, so given Nunez also has a different agent, Mendes will be similarly involved with his transfer. It could give United's hopes of luring the Uruguay international to Old Trafford a significant boost amid fierce competition. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel shares advice from Man Utd's Ralf Rangnick Nunez has caught plenty of eyes with his goalscoring antics domestically and in Europe this season. He has registered 33 goals and four assists in 39 games in all competitions, including six in 10 Champions League appearances, most recently netting in both quarter-final legs against Liverpool. With Edinson Cavani leaving and Cristiano Ronaldo's future uncertain, given the inevitable lack of Champions League football on offer next season, United will be thin on striker options and are understood to have made it a priority area to bolster this summer. Ten Hag should be backed with funds to start shaping his squad at the start of a significant rebuild at Old Trafford. READ MORE: Real Madrid star Asensio's stance on leaving amid strong Arsenal links The Red Devils will also target a new centre-back and defensive midfielder to reinforce the spine of Ten Hag's squad. Eric Bailly, Phil Jones, Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba are all expected to depart, and there are major doubts about Harry Maguire's status beyond this season. Despite the mass interest in Nunez's services, any hope of acquiring his services will likely depend on whether Benfica's hefty valuation can be knocked down during negotiations. With other areas in dire need of strengthening, it's difficult to fathom that United would cough up a triple-figure sum for a striker. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.