Next week's elections are the most important for years, determining far more than just the political make-up of town halls in Great Britain and the devolved Assembly in Northern Ireland. In truth, it is no exaggeration to say that they could settle not only the fate of Boris Johnson's premiership but the very existence of the United Kingdom in its current form. The contests come at a difficult time for both the Tories and the Ulster Unionists. Despite his effective leadership over Ukraine, the Prime Minister has been battered by Partygate and the deepening cost of living crisis, while further damage has been inflicted on his party by the latest sleaze scandals, including the allegation that one Tory MP openly watched pornography on his mobile phone in the Commons. Meanwhile across the Irish Sea, the Unionists, the traditional allies of the Tories, are trailing badly in the opinion polls behind the Republicans of Sinn Fein. Ever since the creation of the Northern Irish state in 1921, the Unionists have been the dominant force in the landscape there. That could be about to change.  If the Tories perform badly - and their Central Office has warned that they could lose more than 800 council seats - Johnson will come under severe pressure.A significant number of his MPs, who have held back from moving against him so as not to undermine local candidates, would probably submit letters of no confidence in him, making a leadership vote inevitable. "The gig's up," declared the respected backbencher Steve Baker last week, and those words could be translated into reality if the Tories experience a drubbing. If Sinn Fein emerges as the largest party in Northern Ireland and their leader Michelle O'Neill subsequently takes office as First Minister at Stormont, then the union starts to become untenable. Some might shudder at this outcome, but in a democracy the will of the people must be paramount. Yet it is probable that in neither case, the outcome will be clear cut.  The Tories will suffer some heavy blows, but a massacre looks unlikely, partly because Sir Keir Starmer's Labour Party still lacks credibility. Almost three decades ago, Labour under Tony Blair were enjoying leads of up to 30 per cent. Yesterday, the latest survey put Labour just six points ahead, nothing like a commanding position against a beleaguered Government. In such circumstances, Johnson will be wounded but will survive, especially as there is no obvious replacement for him. In Ulster, even if Sinn Fein triumphs as the largest party, they will still probably get no more than a quarter of the total, province-wide votes, not enough to begin an immediate push for unity. The Democratic Unionists, as the second-placed party, will almost certainly refuse to go into a power-sharing administration with Sinn Fein, so the Good Friday Agreement will be suspended, London will temporarily take charge, and a tense paralysis will prevail - the default mode for Northern Irish governance since the early 1970s. Some commentators will no doubt whine about the uncertainties produced by next week's elections. But confusion, contradictions and compromises are part of the richness of democracy. No society is ever weakened by holding politicians to account through the ballot box.  Driving regularly into London from Kent, I never cease to be amazed at how quickly and dramatically the skyline of the capital is changing. But, for sheer magnificence, none of the new skyscrapers can match perhaps the most extraordinary structure ever built in Britain: the New Brighton Tower near Birkenhead. Erected in 1898, this striking edifice comprised a beautiful steel spire, similar to the Eiffel Tower, emerging from a vast Gothic building set in sweeping landscaped gardens by the sea. Sadly it was pulled down after the First World War because its owners were reluctant to pay for its maintenance. It now lives on only as a magical image in photographs, but perhaps a public-spirited billionaire could rebuild a version in all its majestic, nostalgic glory. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has spoken powerfully of the need to push Russia out of "the whole of Ukraine" and beef up the defenders' military capability. She is quite right. For too long the West's lethal aid to the heroic Ukrainian resistance has been inhibited by fears OFVLADIMIR Putin's potential reaction. But the Russian tyrant ultimately has to be beaten, and that will be done by resolve rather than timidity. We should be giving all the military support we can, not just in missile systems, but in tanks and aircraft. A war for survival is underway. No longer should our leaders cling to the semantic niceties of declaring that some equipment is "offensive" and therefore cannot be supplied because it might provoke Putin.  The world's richest man Elon Musk has just bought the social media platform Twitter for £35billion - and the Left is having a fit of the vapours. Amid mounting hysteria, progressive politicians and pundits present Musk's takeover as a threat to democracy and a licence for hate speech. But their stance is laughably dishonest. Musk is committed to freedom, not control, and that is really what terrifies his opponents. For years, the Left has used Twitter as a gigantic instrument of indoctrination and censorship, even banning Donald Trump despite his 88 million followers. Now, thanks to Musk, the ugly, Orwellian era of thought crimes is coming to an end. Public discourse will be all the better for the arrival of a new spirit of openness. Burpling on about protecting the Queen and the importance of therapy, Prince Harry sounds like a cross between a mafia don and a new age hippie. What a contrast between his dreary narcissism and the serene restraint of the Duchess of Cambridge, right, who could teach her brother-in-law a few things about duty and service. As she showed this week in engagements for ANZAC day and a joint visit with Princess Anne to two of the Royal medical colleges, she brings cheers wherever she goes in Britain. Increasingly he just provokes frustration, friction and fatigue. The 40th anniversary of the Falklands invasion by Argentina has inspired some fascinating commentaries, none better than the Apple podcast Battleground: The Falklands War. Historians Saul David and Patrick Bishop are bringing the conflict back to life in their fascinating series. From failures of intelligence to the sinking of the Belgrano, it makes for a compelling listen and inspires admiration for this remarkable British victory. Recent images of Vladimir Putin show him with a limp and shaky hand, an indicator that he may have Parkinson's Disease. Coincidentally, wartime footage has just been unearthed of Adolf Hitler with the same traits. Parkinson's, it would seem, is the ailment of choice for deranged, bloodthirsty dictators, though as someone with the condition myself, I generally feel tired rather than tyrannical, achy instead of autocratic.