The 32-year-old from Lancaster told Express.co.uk that it’s a great way to build a savings pot and she’s “never experienced a single hitch”. However, she did share a top tip to make the bank switching process go smoothly. While no one can escape the cost of living crisis there are some things savvy Britons have been doing to stretch their finances. Some of the best money making tips come from people who have been making the most of tried and tested simple ways to boost their budgets. In 2019, Verena was looking for quick and easy ways to bolster her savings pot. She told Express.co.uk: “Switching my bank account seemed like a very low effort way of making over £100 for ten minutes filling out an application form online.” READ MORE: Carer's Allowance: Nearly half a million missing out on DWP benefit Verena continued: “After I'd done it once and received the bonus I couldn't believe how easy it was, so I just kept doing it. “I've switched bank accounts about six times since then. “I also referred a few friends back when Nationwide were running their refer a friend scheme - which sadly ended in 2020. “Not every switch I've done has been for a cash bonus, I also got a free box of wine for opening a Virgin account.” DON'T MISS:Is it cheaper to heat one room with an electric heater? [ANLAYSIS]Housing Benefit rule stopping Britons from receiving full entitlement [UPDATE]Pension tax warning: Savers hit with 55% charge on their pension pots [WARNING] To date, Verena has made £1025 - plus a box of wine - not bad for around an hour’s work in total. She hasn’t once experienced any problems and says everyone should give it a go. Verena added: “The switching process has always gone smoothly for me, I've not experienced a single hitch. “All of the money has gone into savings, it's been a great way to build up savings quickly.”    While she understands some people’s hesitation when it comes to switching, she has a great tip to help people overcome this. Verena advised: “You don't have to switch your main current account if you don't want to. “You can have as many different current accounts as you like, so you could always open a second current account to use as your 'switching' account. “Just make sure you meet the criteria for any offers you're switching - usually a certain number of direct debits set up, and/or a certain amount of money paid in each month. “Also, keep an eye on your credit score, as opening new accounts does have a temporary impact.”    What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Despite the simplicity of the bank switching process, over a third (35 percent) of people have stayed with the same bank account they had when they were a child. Kevin Mountford, savings expert and co-founder of Raisin UK said when it comes to bank accounts, it pays to be disloyal. He said: "If you do switch bank accounts you will see that often, loyalty doesn’t pay. In fact, it is the opposite! “Banks want to attract new customers, so naturally, new joiners are likely to get the best deals. “Although you may be tempted to stay with your lifelong account, often because you don’t want the hassle off having to look for a new account - browsing new opportunities for banking is going to give you far better returns in the long run.” Do you want to share your story with Express Money? Get in touch by emailing personal.finance@reachplc.com. Unfortunately, we cannot respond to every email.   