Saturday Kitchen has a loyal online fan base, and many of the show's viewers loved the most recent installment on Saturday. Pop sensation Paloma Faith surprised viewers of the BBC show with just how fun she was. Self-proclaiming to be a "glass half full" person, the star also revealed that a comedian once asked if her onstage banter in between songs was "scripted." Matt Tebbutt was joined on the show by Paloma, influencer cook Poppy O'Toole, drinks specialist Helen McGinn and chef Brad Carter. It was Paloma who had the guests, hosts and audience at home in stitches with her natural comedy stylings and one-liners. At one point, host Matt could barely continue when he was trying to prepare a piece of ham hock for the guests. Sharing anecdotes about her pregnancy and how her body is after, Matt jested: "It kind of feels like Loose Women now." Read More: Piers Morgan in fresh attack on ITV day before return: 'They lost their bottle' Paloma, Poppy, and Helen laughed as Paloma jabbed: "Does that threaten you Matt?" Banished to the "man kitchen" by the pop star, Matt tried to steer the conversation back to the food he was preparing and added: "Let's talk about ham hock for a minute." The funny singer replied without skipping a beat: "In more ways than one!" With them all erupting into laughing, Matt pointed to the camera and said: "Follow me." The chemistry was noted, and fan @Gymknickers tweeted: "Paloma Faith has had me laughing my head off this morning. Best Saturday Kitchen in ages." @CarterRunMDC added: For the ten minutes I've watched Saturday Kitchen Live whilst having my bacon and egg sandwich, @Palomafaith has been hilarious. Day delayed now #SaturdayKitchen." "This programme just oozes happiness and laughter! Such a good feel factor programme, love it!," @helendc1esq chimed in. @J_H_Frost loved her appearance and said: "Paloma Faith is as mad as a box of frogs (in a good way). Brilliant television #SaturdayKitchen  @Palomafaith @SaturdayKitchen." DON’T MISS…Prince Charles ‘at end of tether’ with Harry and ‘was not happy’ about meeting with Queen [LATEST]Nicole Scherzinger sparks backlash over reaction to Rudy Giuliani on The Masked Singer [LATEST]‘Throw him over the balcony!’ Eamonn Holmes savages Harry after ‘protecting’ Queen remark [LATEST]   However, her antics didn't quite win everyone over. Faye Shilston shared her thoughts and said: #SaturdayKitchen is it me does this show not have the same edge anymore? The guest lowered the tone completely." (sic) Jem Edwards found the guest too crude and added: "Paloma talking about her Fanny and farting. Paying for my TV license has just become even more painful #SaturdayKitchen." Appearing on the show to talk about her new tour Matt asked Paloma: "Why is it called The Age Of Optimism?" "Well, because you know, it's been a sketchy few years, hasn't it?" she replied. "Every time we see the news, it's sort of a bit dismal, and I guess that I've all been someone who has laughed in the face of adversity, hence my story. "I thought, it's time to be a bit optimistic." Her fellow guests laughed at her sketchy comment as she continued: "I do believe quite a lot in manifesting. I feel as a person I am quite a glass half full." Saturday Kitchen airs on BBC One on Saturdays at 10am