The lighting team at YESSS Electrical analysed 500 property listings from across the UK to unveil the staging tips and lighting that add thousands to the value of a home. According to the experts the “quickest way” to encourage a property sale is to ensure all lighting is turned on for listings and showings. This is because natural lighting sells homes, with buyers increasing offers by 1.7 percent when bidding on a home with open blinds and curtains. Without natural lighting, rooms appear darker and colder. The experts said: “A combination of natural lighting and electrical lighting around the property increases offers by 3.1 percent versus a dimly lit home. “To increase light distribution around the home, homeowners can strategically usr the lighting already in their home, placing mirrors around the property or opting for doors with windows. READ MORE: Cats: How to deter cats from your garden for ‘free’ “If areas of the home see less natural light, increase lighting levels with innovative lighting fittings. “When comparing light fittings utilised in different rooms across the home, the results highlighted that downlights are the most popular fitting. The energy efficient LEDs used in downlight, dimmable features offered to change the ambience of the room, and even the light distribution they provide are all reasons why downlights are so popular.” According to the experts, the replacement of dome lights with downlights in rooms like the living area add an average of 1.8 percent to the value of a property. In the dining room, pendant lights were the most popular style, adding 1.5 percent to a property's value. DON'T MISS:‘Highly effective’ way to kill patio weeds with 29p cooking staple [EXPERT]‘Virtually indestructible’ houseplants which ‘can’t be killed’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of spiders - ‘repels them’ [EXPLAINER] In the dining room, pendant lights were the most popular style, adding 1.5 percent to a property's value. Pendant lights are low hanging lights, often seen over breakfast bars or tables. The lighting experts continued: “The largest increase in value comes from the kitchen, where replacing a utility bar light with a spotlight plate can add 2.3 percent to the home’s value. “Spotlight plates are mounted spotlights that can be adjusted and positioned for different tasks. These are favourable for a kitchen setting as they provide direct lighting for tasks such as cooking.” Switching out dome lights for multi-lights in the bedroom can increase home value by 1.7 percent. These fittings provide a more yellow light source, perfect for the bedroom. The experts added: “Bathrooms are another room that benefit from downlights, replacing a basic lightbulb with this fitting adds 1.1 percent to your home’s value. “This style of lighting is useful for tasks, highlighting certain areas of the bathroom for things like doing your makeup or shaving, but also provide a clean, neutral lighting to the room.” According to the research, a large chandelier is an “eyesore” for prospective buyers. A highly ornate entrance light can make the area feel too cluttered if it is too small. Dave Simpson, spokesperson for YESSS Electrical, said: “Lighting around the home creates a warm, habitable atmosphere, while rooms without light can seem colder, and are harder for buyers-to-be to envision themselves living in. “Ensure your lighting is switched on if any part of your home is accented with light. You might have cabinet lighting installed to emphasise a new worktop, wall lighting to accentuate a bare brick wall, or period features lit up across your home. The lighting will draw viewers to those features, increasing your home’s kerb appeal. “As many UK residents spend more time than ever before at home, ensuring that all rooms are well lit and bright massively boosts appeal. People don’t want dark rooms that require creative solutions to light, be usable, and inspiring to work from and live in. Instead, buyers are willing to pay for the convenience of south facing main rooms and home features already distributing lots of light around the property. “Despite interior trends changing quite drastically year-on-year, it’s interesting to see that downlights are the most popular fitting to install in your home and have been for many years. “In comparison, shorter term trends such as chandeliers, inspired by TV dramas, haven’t caught on and actually devalue a home.” The expert said homeowners can’t go “far wrong” if they light each room in the home for its purpose. This includes using task lighting such as downlight with cabinet lighting in kitchens, and downlight with mirror lighting in bathrooms. Warmer lighting should be used in rooms owners want to relax in, such as the bedroom. Dave added: “On the whole, subtle recessed lighting is more popular to implement across the home. If you do choose to install downlights in the lounge and bedroom, dimmers are an effective touch that mean the room’s lighting won’t feel overly bright in the evenings. “When selecting light fittings, avoid lights incorporating fans and floral glass themed multi-lights. The most in-demand surrounds are currently metal designs, especially when paired with pendant style lighting.”