  Kiefer Sutherland, who is best known for his starring role as Jack Bauer in the Fox drama series 24, has opened up about his relationship with his father. He spoke about wanting to impress dad Donald Sutherland, whose impressive acting career spans over six decades.     Kiefer, 55, opened up about the father-son relationship while promoting his new film The Contractor, which features Chris Pine. Donald, 86, has acted alongside his son in several projects over the years, including 1996 film A Time to Kill starring Matthew McConaughey, Sandra Bullock, and Samuel L. Jackson. In a new interview, Kiefer was asked about The Contractor, which sees Chris Pine play a special forces sergeant who is discharged from the army and recruited by Kiefer’s character for private security work. When asked about what attracted him to the film, the actor replied: “There was something very moving about Chris’s character becoming disposable. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’    “Millions of dollars were used to train him, then he was kicked to the curb. “I think people feel like that all the time as they get older, so there’s a relatable quality." When the interviewer pointed out that the film was about a father and son relationship, the topic turned to Kiefer’s relationship with his dad Donald. Kiefer said: “I love him, though I don’t get to see him as much as I’d like to.    “We’ve never lived in the same place, and Covid hasn’t helped. “I’m so proud to have him as my father,” he added. “Having grown up with my mother, there’s a kind of distance between us. “But I want to impress him; I want him to be proud of me,” he admitted. READ MORE... Demi Rose in risqué display flashing cleavage in sheer corset [PICS] Donald Trump mocks Prince Harry as HE 'made the Queen smile' [INSIGHT] Michelle Keegan dubbed ‘fittest woman ever’ after ‘unreal' bikini snaps [PICS]       Elsewhere in the interview, Kiefer admitted that he sometimes found it difficult to watch himself back on screen, referring to his iconic role in the hit show 24. When asked what would happen if he saw one of his shows or films appear on TV, he explained why he wouldn’t be comfortable watching everything he’s been in. “It depends,” he said. “If it’s the last series of 24, I can’t find the control fast enough. “But Stand by Me [Rob Reiner’s 1986 film] is like finding an old yearbook, so I’ll leave it on.”      When pressed for why he had such an issue with 24, the actor confirmed: “It’s still too close – I don’t even have mirrors in my house. “I could give a fine performance in a film but by the time I’ve watched it and done all the self-loathing, I’ve ruined it for myself,” he told Radio Times. Aside from his break-out role in Stand by Me and his famous turn as Jack Bauer, Kiefer has starred in many other successful films, including The Lost Boys (1987), A Few Good Men (1992) and Flatliners (2017). His father Donald has starred in numerous TV shows and films over the years, most recently including The Hunger Games franchise between 2012 and 2015.   