Teeter (played by Jen Landon) has emerged as one of Yellowstone’s most popular characters in recent years since stepping on John Dutton’s (Kevin Costner) ranch for the first time back in season three. Thanks to her no-nonsense demeanour and a budding romance with Colby (Denim Richards), Paramount viewers wasted no time in warming to the new rancher. Now, actor Landon has given fans a sneak behind the scenes of the work she’s put into honing the character - and paid thanks to key members of the crew. Teeter has proven her worth on the ranch by not only pulling no punches in many of the Duttons’ confrontations with their rivals but also proving she’s a dab-hand at wrangling on the fields. But for actor Landon, it’s a process that takes plenty of practice off-screen to make sure things run smoothly in front of the camera. Taking to Instagram this week, Landon showed off her skills by practising her roping on a dummy bull. And she paid tribute to stunt coordinator Jason Rodriquez and @me_mycowboys for helping her out and making sure Teeter’s roping is as convincing as it can be. READ MORE: Yellowstone’s Jen Landon left in tears as she opens up on Teeter’s ranch exit In a short clip via her Instagram Story, Landon rode on horseback while a car pulled along a dummy bull. The Yellowstone star began twirling her rope before launching it over the bull’s horns before steadying her horse. Paying tribute in the caption, she penned: “Thanks @jrodstunts and @me_mycowboys for being the best roping teachers. “P.S. please notice the skills of the driver,” she added before adding the Yellowstone TV hashtag. Of course, Landon pulled off the stunt without a hitch, proving the hard work behind the scenes is paying off. And judging by the latest news that has emerged regarding season five of Yellowstone, Landon will have plenty more action to face. Landon has been bumped up to a series regular role for the upcoming run, meaning plenty more screen time will be on the way. The same can be said for Kathryn Kelly who takes on the role of Emily, the new fiancée of Jimmy Hurdstrom (Jefferson White). DON'T MISS:Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue?Yellowstone’s Beth star shares big change made to Jamie Dutton scenes1883's Sam Elliott sparks backlash as he blasts Yellowstone This isn’t the first time Landon has emphasised just how important the crew behind the scenes of Yellowstone are to the hit Western drama. Speaking to The Gate, she described filming on the show as “like being part of a town, or its own village in a way”. She added: “There’s the on camera, there’s the crew, there’s the wranglers, there’s the stunt guys, there’s the overlap of all of those things.” The Teeter star also described the entire cast and crew as “an extended family”. “It is like being a part of a big sort of family or like a cult with no belief system. It’s really a wonderful sense of community,” she quipped. While spoilers for season five of Yellowstone remain under wraps for now, there have been a number of theories as to what will lie ahead for Teeter and the Duttons. But will Teeter and Colby’s romance move from strength to strength? Or could Teeter face another shunning from the ranch as she did in season four? Fans will have to tune in to find out. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available on Peacock in the USA. Seasons 1-3 air on Pluto TV in the UK.