A post on a pro-Putin Telegram channel, Rybar, reeled off the names of the British citizens to its nearly 400,000 subscribers. The post claimed the Britons had joined the fight as part of the ‘International Legion’ set up by Volodymyr Zelensky, through which foreign nationals could stand alongside Ukrainian soldiers. The post added: “On April 5 we said that there were less than 700 people there, excluding employees of PMCs [private military companies].” According to the Daily Mail, it said: “Now you know their names, dates of birth and ID numbers.” The list’s authenticity has not been verified, and the channel hints it may have come from the office of Vitaliy Kim, the Governor of the Mykolayiv region of Ukraine. Not on the list is Scott Sibley, who was reportedly killed in Ukraine as another Briton went missing. In a statement on Thursday, April 28, the Foreign Office said: “We can confirm that a British national has been killed in Ukraine and we are supporting their family.” A second UK national is believed to be missing in Ukraine, the statement added. The Government is also “urgently seeking further information” about “a British national who is missing in Ukraine”. Tributes have flooded in for Mr Sibley, as well as a number of GoFundMe pages popping up for his grieving family members. READ MORE: Putin's panic as NASA makes killer AI hypersonic missiles One set up by Craig and Sabrina Gant almost doubled the original fundraising goal of £5,000 in a single day. Mr Gant wrote on the page: "Sadly on the 23rd April 2022, Scott Sibley 'Sibs' was taken from us all. "On behalf of Sibs and his family, I'm setting this Gofundme page up, to try and raise funds to help cover funeral/additional costs, for our fallen hero and dear friend.” He continued: "Scott was a son, father, brother and uncle. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin confirms 'high-precision' strike in Kyiv [LIVE] Time to speak up! Demands for Starmer to come clean on NATO views [REPORT]  Brexit POLL: Should Northern Ireland vote to scrap Protocol in 2024? [VOTE] "To me he was a friend like no other and the bravest person I've had the pleasure to have known, he was as good as a brother to me. "His life may have been cut short but he lived to the full and did things the Sibs way, right until the end." A second page hit its £1,000 goal in less than a day. In a post on the Logistic Support Squadron Facebook page, one person wrote: "This week the Sqn has lost a former serving soldier. “A man that showed Commando spirit until the end. RIP. Scott Sibley.” Also absent from the list are the names of two British fighters captured by Russian forces in the besieged port city of Mariupol, which has been devastated by the violence. Aiden Aslin and Shaun Pinner were taken prisoner and then appeared in a Russian state TV broadcast. Mr Aslin’s family rebuked claims from the Kremlin that he was in Ukraine as a “mercenary”, saying in a statement: “In 2018, Aiden moved to Ukraine, where he met his girlfriend and eventually settled down in Mykolaiv. “Aiden decided to join the Ukrainian marines and has served in his unit for nearly four years. “He is not, contrary to the Kremlin’s propaganda, a volunteer, a mercenary or a spy. “Aiden was making plans for his future outside the military but, like all Ukrainians, his life was turned upside down by Putin’s barbarous invasion. “He has played his part in defending Ukraine’s right to self-determination.”