Paris Saint-Germain ace Kylian Mbappe has hinted that he could yet opt to stay in France beyond the end of the campaign. The forward is out of contract this summer and has been strongly linked with a move to Real Madrid. Madrid offered PSG a staggering £171.7million for Mbappe last summer. But the Parisians remarkably turned the offer down, despite the fact the player had less than 12 months remaining on his contract. The 23-year-old was expected to bide his time in France and run down his deal before moving to Spain. But Mbappe has revealed the decision about his future is no foregone conclusion. “If I had made my decision, I would have said so,” Mbappe told Amazon Prime on Sunday after his side had thrashed Lorient 5-1 in Ligue 1. “I don't have to answer to anyone. If I had made the decision, I would have taken responsibility. The good and the bad things, I have always assumed them by the way. READ MORE: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds   “I don't have to hide - I didn't kill anyone. I just want to make the best decision I can. I'm still thinking about it. Because there are new elements, new parameters. I want to make the right choice. I know that for people, it takes a little while.” And later he told reporters: “Is staying at PSG possible? Yes of course.” Mbappe was in fine form during his latest appearance for PSG as he bagged two goals and three assists to help his team move 12 points clear at the top of the Ligue 1 table. The former Monaco star has been in stellar form all season and has outshone his blockbuster team-mates Lionel Messi and Neymar for much of the campaign. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford jobTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle winLiverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader'     Mbappe has racked-up an incredible 28 goals and 20 assists in all competitions. Messi and Neymar, meanwhile, have managed just 15 goals and 16 assists between them. PSG have come in for heavy criticism in recent weeks after they blew a two-goal aggregate advantage to lose to Real Madrid in the last 16 of the Champions League last month. The French side had been tipped to win the competition after building a star-studded team at the Parc des Princes. And they have suffered a hangover in the league as they have lost three of their last six matches. But with just eight matches of the season remaining, they look certain to become French champions once again after missing out on the title last season. League titles may not be enough to convince Mbappe to stay put, however, as he surely dreams of Champions League success. And a move to 13-time European champions Real Madrid could provide him with a much better opportunity to taste glory than he would get in France. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 