Plastic water bottles are a massive contributor to plastic pollution. An estimated 7.7 billion single-use plastic bottles are made worldwide every single second, according to Water UK. These plastic bottles never fully decompose which means the most earth-friendly alternative is a reusable water bottle. Reusable water bottles are a key part of the world’s fight against plastic. In the UK, 38.5 million plastic bottles are used daily, with more than 15 million not being recycled. Britons are advised to drink between six and eight glasses of water each day, which means keeping a reusable water bottle nearby should help to encourage people to drink enough water. To get the best out of your bottle, you should be sure to clean it regularly to keep it free of bacteria. READ MORE: How to clean your reusable water bottle - four easy ways Cleaning experts at Bob Vila have shared the secret ingredient to cleaning “irregularly-shaped” bottles, which is rice. They said: “Irregularly-shaped glassware can put a bottleneck in your dishwashing duties. “Next time, simplify the process with this secret cleaning ingredient. “You can remove stubborn grit from bottles using rice.” DON'T MISS:Weeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds [TIPS]How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [INSIGHT]Bleach cleaning hacks: Kitchen areas to avoid cleaning using bleach [EXPERT] The experts shared how this hack can be carried out in just two simple steps. They said: “Fill each bottle with a small amount of water, rice, and a dot of washing up liquid or laundry detergent.” The rice will help scrub the inside of the bottle and leave it perfectly clean and the washing up liquid will rid the bacteria and smells. The cleaning experts continued: “If a lid accompanies the bottle, secure it over the opening, otherwise, use your hand to cover the bottle. “Finally, unleash your bottled-up stress and shake things up to activate the grease-fighting power of your homemade cleaner. “The genie in this bottle is the rice, which is transformed into a mighty, hard-bristle brush that traverses the tall sides of bottles or flower vases to release stains and residue with ease.” For those who do not have rice in their pantry, simply replace it with the metal ball chain from an ordinary key chain to achieve the same powerful scrubbing action, according to the experts. However, when bottles begin to smell extremely bad, a more intense cleaning method may be needed to shift the grime and mildew. Mix a teaspoon of bleach with a teaspoon of baking soda inside your water bottle. Fill the remainder with water and apply the baking soda and bleach mixture to the bottle cap as well. Allow the water bottle to sit with the mixture overnight and rinse it thoroughly in the morning. For dishwasher-safe bottles, it is best to run the bottle through a rinse cycle before using it and allow the bottle to dry thoroughly.