Chris Rock, 57, made a surprise appearance at New York's iconic Comedy Cellar Tuesday last night. The comedian made sure the joyous audience knew straight away that he was not ready to comment on Will Smith's, 53, notorious slap at the Oscars 2022. Chris has once again reportedly refused to comment on the controversy surrounding Will slapping him at the recent Oscars ceremony. Comedy fans were given a jump for their lives when Chris surprised them for a stand-up set at New York City's Comedy Cellar last night. As soon as he took hold of the microphone, he said: "Lower your expectations, I'm not going to address that s***", according to Page Six. He is currently doing his Ego Death tour, with many dates sold out after last week's Oscars incident. READ MORE: Rachel Riley on struggle as she's bombarded with 'disgusting' messages During his first public appearance since the Oscars slap, Chris was met with Will Smith chants from the audience, but he decided not to quiet them. He did, however, briefly address the slap during the show, noting that he does still need to "process" the incident. Chris told the crowd: "I haven't talked to anyone, despite what you heard." Meanwhile, his younger brother Kenny Rock has made sure to comment on the memorable incident. He said: "It eats at me watching it over and over again because you've seen a loved one being attacked and there's nothing you can do about it. "My brother was no threat to him and you just had no respect for him at that moment. "You just belittled him in front of millions of people that watch the show", he said to the Los Angeles Times. Will slapped Chris after he joked that Will's wife Jada, who has openly struggled with alopecia, was set to star in GI Jane 2 due to her shaved head. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [OPINION] Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [INSIGHT] Darren Day almost unrecognisable as he embraces the grey on GB News [COMMENT] On Friday, as a result of his actions, Will announced that he had resigned from the Academy, which means that he won't be able to vote for the Oscars or attend special Academy events in the future. However, he will still be eligible for future Oscar nominations. The statement read: "I have directly responded to the Academy's disciplinary hearing notice, and I will fully accept any and all consequences for my conduct. "My actions at the 94th Academy Awards presentation were shocking, painful, and inexcusable. "The list of those I have hurt is long and includes Chris, his family, many of my dear friends and loved ones, all those in attendance, and global audiences at home. "I betrayed the trust of the Academy. I deprived other nominees and winners of their opportunity to celebrate and be celebrated for their extraordinary work. I am heartbroken. He concluded: "I want to put the focus back on those who deserve attention for their achievements and allow the Academy to get back to the incredible work it does to support creativity and artistry in film. "So, I am resigning from membership in the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, and will accept any further consequences the Board deems appropriate. Change takes time and I am committed to doing the work to ensure that I never again allow violence to overtake reason."