It is the seventh and last day of the Invictus Games. Prince Harry, who founded the sporting event eight years ago, is due to deliver his final speech at the closing ceremony on Friday. The prince has been in the Netherlands for the entirety of the Games and has been spotted sitting in the front row at events, mingling with competitors and meeting the families of those inspired and impacted by the project. While the Duke of Sussex has been praised for the success of the Games, he has also been at the centre of controversy surrounding his relationship with the Royal Family. In an interview with NBC’s Today show, carried out by Hoda Kotb, Harry was candid about his family, talking about topics ranging from fatherhood to his reunion with his grandmother, the Queen. On the monarch, he said: "It was great. It was really nice to see her. To be able to see her in some element of privacy was nice. “I hadn't had the chance to go back the UK for couple of years apart from those two times — one for my grandfather's funeral and one for unveiling a statue of my mum. He added: “You know, she's on great form. She has always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure she's protected and has got the right people around her. “I did [make her laugh]. Meghan and I had tea with her. It was really nice to catch up with her." Harry’s comments about ensuring the Queen is “protected” have garnered criticism from some royal experts. Russell Myers, the Daily Mirror’s royal editor, told Thursday’s episode of Pod Save The Queen that Harry could possibly “regret” his “extraordinary” comments about the Queen. He said: “The issue is: How can he now come back to the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, standing alongside his family who they [Meghan and Harry] are constantly ripping into? “It just seems like a bit of a bizarre tactic if you wanted to just sort of get on with your life and repair the old wounds that are still festering. “I don’t see how that can come.” The Duke and his wife, Meghan Markle, have been invited to join the Royal Family during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations later this year. DON'T MISS: 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed [ANALYSIS] Kate dazzles as Duchess arrives at Easter Sunday service with William [PICTURES] Meghan and Harry's meeting with Queen could be used in Netflix series [REVEAL] While the couple won’t take on formal roles, they have been asked to appear on Buckingham Palace balcony and could attend the Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. When asked about their attendance, Harry said he did not know whether he and his family would be returning to London. The Duke is currently involved in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection while in the UK. In February, a court heard that Harry “does not feel safe” to bring his children — Archie and Lilibet — to his home country. While speaking to Ms Kotb, the prince mentioned the “security issues” but said that he is trying to make visiting “possible” so that his children could meet the Queen. Mr Myers said that Harry and Meghan’s return for the Jubilee had “not only divided the population but [also] divided the family because no doubt that the Queen would want them there — she would want them to repair whatever the relations they can. “But I think that this interview [Today show] has gone a long way to making sure that those relationships are still very sour.” Harry did not comment on whether or not he missed his father, Prince Charles, and brother, Prince William. When asked the question by Ms Kotb, he diverted the conversation to the Invictus Games, saying: "Look I mean, for me at the moment, I'm here focused on these guys and these families and giving everything that I can, one hundred twenty percent to them to make sure they have the experience of a lifetime. “That's my focus here. And when I leave here, I get back and my focus is on my family who I miss massively.” Harry spoke fondly of his “home for the time being” — California — and gave no indication of when he will next return to the UK. The Platinum Jubilee will provide a perfect opportunity for the Duke to be with his family, and may be the next chance for him to reunite with his brother, who he was not able to see during their visit last week. Zoe Forsey, the host of Pod Save The Queen, said it could also be the Sussexes’ last opportunity for a reunion. She said: “If it doesn’t happen for this [the Platinum Jubilee], they’re not going to come back for a random Trooping the Colour in four years time, and for me this feels like a moment to get that picture that they may never get again.”