Strictly Come Dancing star Janette Manrara, 38, has admitted she is flattered that so many people are in love with her husband, ​​Aljaz Škorjanec. The pair have been married since 2017. “In 10 years’ time, children will be part of the picture,” she added to The Press and Journal Evening Express. The star also revealed that the more time she spends with Aljaz, the deeper their love grows. Janette and Aljaz are currently touring with their show Remembering the Oscars. While Janette took some time away from dancing on Strictly in order to host It Takes Two, Aljaz recently made headlines when he announced he had quit the BBC show. "A little while ago I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last," he wrote on Instagram. "The show has given me an opportunity and freedom to create and express myself in front of millions of people every weekend for the last 9 years." He added: “Being a part of a group of professionals that inspire and push you to be better every step of the way is humbling and I will carry that inspiration with me forever. “Every year the lineup of dancers would change but one thing stayed the same, WE WERE THE BEST! And this is one thing that I know will never change on Strictly! DON'T MISS...Gemma Atkinson apologises for her 'radio silence' on Instagram [INSTAGRAM]Emeli Sandé announces same-sex relationship eight years after divorce [COMMENT]Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [INSIGHT] Cruel rumours surfaced shortly after his departure news, claiming he had “verbally lashed out” at BBC staff during his tenure - something his reps denied. An unknown source told The Sun: "Aljaz was seen by some as arrogant and pompous too – and it left a bad taste in some of the staff’s mouths. Not many people will miss him. “He verbally lashed out at various staff members behind the scenes in what some thought was an unnecessarily aggressive manner." However, a representative for Aljaz slammed the claims and told Express.co.uk: "Aljaz has the utmost respect for everyone working on the show and it is untrue to say he acted in an aggressive manner at any time." When Aljaz announced he was leaving, he was inundated with support from fans and former dance partners. Clara Amfo, who was paired with him in 2020, said: "Eternal salute to the very best and most fun dance partner any of us “celebs” could have asked for. "You surpassed all of your dreams and truly left your mark with audiences, be so proud of yourself!!!" Karen Hauer added: “The one and only aljaz. King of the ballroom. You will be missed my friend”.