EastEnders icon June Brown devastatingly died earlier this week at the age of 95. Best known for playing legendary stalwart Dot Cotton on Albert Square, her many co-stars from throughout the years have paid tribute to the actress this week. In a new interview, Dot's son "Nasty" Nick, who was portrayed by John Altman, shared a significant memory of his late friend saving his daughter's life in 1992. Admitting it made him "emotional" to think about, the 70-year-old explained he, June and his six-year-old daughter Rosana had taken a trip to Gibraltar for a charity cricket tournament. He remembered warning his young child not to run close to the pool in case she trips over. "A little later we were interrupted by a splash and June, who was facing the pool, said: ‘I think that was Rosanna, dear’," he stated. "I leapt to my feet. Rosanna was nowhere to be seen. She’d fallen in, sunk straight to the bottom, then bobbed up and was struggling. READ MORE: Adil Ray and Thornberry clash as he exposes Labour hypocrisy "I took her in my arms and got her out, thanking June profusely." Speaking to The Mirror, he continued: "I dried off my daughter and I couldn’t be cross with her. "I was just so glad she was safe and sound. God bless June. I’ll always feel indebted to her." Dot and Nick had a troubled relationship in the BBC soap, but in real life the two were extremely close. On Monday, it was announced June had died two years after leaving EastEnders. She is known for being one of soap's finest and longest-serving actors, having been a regular in the programme from 1985 to 2020. June revealed in 2020 she'd be leaving the soap "for good" after fans noticed she'd been absent for a while. Dot's final message in the soap came in the form of a voicemail to Sonia Fowler (played by Natalie Cassidy), where she informed her she had moved to Ireland. DON'T MISS... GB News guest Nina Myskow blasts Home Office over handling of refugees [LATEST]GB News guest slams Rishi Sunak's wife following tax pay U-turn [VIDEO]Former The Apprentice star lewis ellis talks leaving the show 'Weirdes [EXCLUSIVE] Tragically, this would become the character's final words on the show she was such a huge part of. At the time of her exit, John reflected: "I spoke to her obviously [and] I don't want to quote her but I think generally, bless her heart, she's 93 number one, so she does get very tired these days. Speaking to The Sun in April 2020, he continued: "She's very much a die-hard professional in the business and she wasn't getting quite what she was… she wasn't very impressed by some of the writing she was getting." Adam Woodyatt, who played fellow EastEnders colleague Ian Beale, also shared a tribute to June following her death. Sharing his words on the official EastEnders Twitter account, the 53-year-old said: "I’m lost for words, something June never was. So many memories, so much fun. Just purely and simply an incredible woman who had the most incredible life and career, I was fortunate to have shared a small part of it. "They never made you a Dame (we did try), but to me you will always be Dame Brown." EastEnders is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.