Iga Swiatek has defeated Naomi Osaka to become just the fourth woman to complete the ‘Sunshine Double’, and the youngest ever. The 20-year-old will be crowned the world No 1 for the first time on Monday as a result of Ash Barty’s retirement and added the Miami Open title to her list of achievements, just two weeks after winning Indian Wells, by defeating Naomi Osaka 6-4 6-0. The final between Osaka and Swiatek was hailed as being one of the best-case scenarios for the WTA after current world No 1 and reigning Wimbledon and Australian Open champion Barty retired ahead of the tournament. With Swiatek set to take hold of the top spot on Monday as a result and Osaka the last world No 1 before Barty, it was a fitting first final in the Aussie’s absence. It was their second meeting with their first coming at the 2019 Canadian Open when the Pole was ranked at world No 65 while Osaka was No 2 and won 7-6 6-4. The four-time Major champion needed ten minutes to hold serve in an opening seven-deuce game, fending off two break points. At 2-2 the soon-to-be-world No 1 set up a break point and converted it with a stunning cross-court forehand winner, celebrating as she took a lead over the 24-year-old. Swiatek had a chance to break again at 4-3 but Osaka held on and eventually forced the recent Indian Wells champion to close out the set 6-4 after 53 minutes. JUST IN: Alcaraz likens himself to Federer in old clip despite Nadal comparison  Swiatek carried her momentum into the second set, immediately going up 0-40 on Osaka’s serve and managed to convert her second break point to set up a set-and-a-break lead. A double fault from the current world No 77 then handed the 20-year-old a double break as she quickly went 3-0 up in 12 minutes. The second seed in Miami continued to bulldoze her way through the second set, setting up three more break points at 4-0 as the former world No 1 couldn't get past the in-form Polish star, and broke to serve for the match at 6-4 5-0. Swiatek served out a 6-4 6-0 win to not only win the Miami Open but the 'Sunshine Double' - both Indian Wells and Miami back-to-back - to become just the fourth woman in history to achieve the feat. DON'T MISSMedvedev has surgery and could miss French Open and entire clay seasonDjokovic 'admired' for sticking to vaccine stance amid controversyUkrainian tennis star 'ignored' by Russians as mum 'teased' by bombs  It means Swiatek evens her head-to-head with Osaka to 1-1. She has also become the first female in history to win the first three WTA 1000 tournaments of the year, picking up the Doha title before winning Indian Wells. Osaka herself will now rise to No 36 in the world after dropping outside of the world's top 75. The 24-year-old enjoys a good relationship with Swiatek off the court and recalled one of their dinners together during the 2021 Australian Open as she congratulated her opponent in her post-match press conference.