Mr Ingram explained what Russian President Vladimir Putin's crucial mistakes had been so far during the war. Putin has been waging a bloody war on Ukraine for over a month, with no clear end in sight as to when the fighting will stop and Russian troops will be withdrawn. The ex-military intelligence officer then went on to discuss why Russia was trying to reclaim and reunify areas in Ukraine like the Donbas region again.  Mr Ingram then went on to praise Ukraine for their war effort and the successes they were having. He told talkRADIO: "Putin has lost the war no matter what the outcome is he's lost everything that he was trying to achieve. "Ukrainians are having huge successes, and I'm surprised that the Russians have pulled everything from North of Kyiv. "Because militarily it would be sensible for them to leave something so that they could fix more Ukrainian defences. JUST IN: ‘Plans have failed’ Putin’s focus may now turn to Donbas, says retired air vice-marshal     "But they are clearly hurting more than anything else, and I think the next battle that's been planned that coming will be decisive. Mr Ingram added: "And that will dictate whether the Russians are going to be properly defeated by the Ukrainainas or not." Radio host Julia Hartley-Brewer said: "Are you saying the next battle is  in the Donbas region, where the Russians have withdrawn their forces to?" Mr Ingran said: "Yeah If the Donbas region... The Russians have now stated that their main effort is to capture the areas that they always wanted to. "This was the disputed Donbas region, and there's a date that is significant. READ MORE: Ukraine can ‘absolutely win’ conflict as Putin ‘has achieved zero’, says Pentagon     Mr Ingram added:" And Putin will want to announce some success on that, and that date is the 9th of May. "That's the annual red square parade that we see, and he'll want to get something done by then." Ms Hartley-Brewer said: "It's their Victory in Europe Day and he wants to be able here's our victory, here's our victory parade." Admiral Sir Tony Radakin echoed a similar sentiment but also slammed Putin for tricking Russian soldiers into war with neighbouring Ukraine. He said: “The scenes coming out of Mariupol and elsewhere are horrific, and the coming weeks will continue to be very difficult. “But in many ways, Putin has already lost. Far from being the far-sighted manipulator of events that he would have us believe, Putin has damaged himself through a series of catastrophic misjudgements. “Like all authoritarians, he allowed himself to be misled as to his own strength, including the effectiveness of the Russian armed forces. “His actions to date have done more to galvanise than divide and have shown Ukraine to have the one thing Russia conspicuously lacks — real friends.  “What is very clear is that Putin is a weaker and more diminished figure today than he was a month ago, and conversely NATO is stronger and more united today than at any time I can remember.”