Erik ten Hag must be "brave" and axe both Paul Pogba and Cristiano Ronaldo if he is confirmed as Manchester United's new manager, claims Jamie Carragher. United are reportedly finalising the appointment of Ten Hag at the end of the season. The Dutchman was interviewed by United last month and had been a leading candidate alongside Paris Saint-Germain manager Mauricio Pochettino. And ESPN now claims Red Devils chief executive Richard Arnold and co-owner Joel Glazer have agreed that the Ajax boss is the right candidate for them. Ten Hag will replace current interim manager Ralf Rangnick, who is set to take up a consultancy role at the club. Reacting to the reports, Carragher claimed Ten Hag will be a courageous appointment by United. However, he says the brave calls must continue once the 52-year-old is confirmed as the United boss. And he thinks that should start with getting the likes of Pogba and Ronaldo out of the club. READ MORE: Man Utd 'handed transfer shortlist' by Erik ten Hag that 'includes Ajax players'  He told CBS Sports: "Yeah I think it's a good decision, I think it's a brave decision. The easy choice would have been Pochettino because he's been in the Premier League before, so they've gone for a manager who's not been in the Premier League. "They've always gone with the established name if you like in terms of Jose Mourinho, Louis van Gaal. They went with Ole [Gunnar Solskjaer], who was the easy choice. "The brave choice would have been not to go with Ole because he had such a good time to start with as a caretaker. So what I mean by this is he's not managed at a big club and he is seen as this up-and-coming coach, 'he's new, he's fresh' and Pochettino's not - he's actually older than Pochettino, which some people don't seem to actually know. DON'T MISSMatt Le Tissier quits Southampton role after backlash over Russia-Ukraine and Covid tweets [NEWS]Harry Kane 'curious to hear Man Utd offer' ahead of another Tottenham saga [GOSSIP]Man Utd giving Erik ten Hag information 'every week' on transfer budget and signings [REPORT]  "I don't think he's getting picked for the fact of just what he's done for Ajax in terms of being successful because you expect that at Ajax. But what they've done in the Champions League in terms of getting to the semi-final, how they play their football, their performance in the group stage this season. "They'll be disappointed to go out to Benfica but I think it's a brave choice because I do think Manchester United now need to start making brave decisions, and some of them about the players as well, in terms of Pogba and Cristiano Ronaldo need to go." Pogba is out of contract at United in the summer but a decision is yet to be made over his future. Meanwhile, Ronaldo has a year remaining on his deal but has been linked with an exit.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here