Tottenham chief Daniel Levy is desperate to convince Harry Kane that his future is best served at the club but time is running out. But there are some big moves in the summer that might aid his decision. Tottenham chief Levy has an obvious choice to make this summer that could end up securing Kane's future at the club. Several teams are still interested in his signature despite batting off a transfer last year. Manchester United are keen on the striker and reports have indicated that Kane is open to hearing what the Red Devils have got to say. While Paris Saint-Germain had been exploring a potential deal as they prepare to say goodbye to Kylian Mbappe. But that is all about to change amid the news that PSG are on the verge of sacking Mauricio Pochettino - just days after securing the Ligue 1 title. The fans are unhappy with the Argentine, as well as the board members at the Parc des Princes, after failing to convince in the Champions League. PSG were knocked out by Real Madrid despite being two goals up and 45 minutes away from the quarter-finals and all the signs point towards the French club potentially hiring Antonio Conte. Le Parisien report that the Italian has offered his services in a blow to Levy, who did everything in the club's power to convince the former Chelsea manager to join. However, the Spurs supremo can turn this into a handy opportunity. With Conte out the door and Pochettino back on the market, a sensational return can be worked on that will see the 50-year-old back in north London. The manager has already stated that he would love to return where he has unfinished business. And that would make Kane a happy chap indeed due to the fact that the duo have a brilliant relationship and the striker's concerns only grew after Pochettino left the club. Having the two of them back together would be a massive plus for Levy, who might not be able to swat off another summer of transfer activity in his main man. The move would also deny any other club from stealing in and hiring the former Southampton boss before them. Chelsea have been long-term admirers, though there is no indication that Thomas Tuchel will be going anywhere for a long time. While Real Madrid have long been keen on Poch's services with Florentino Perez a known fan of his managerial ability. Carlo Ancelotti might be leading Los Blancos to a potential Champions League final but the axe is never too far away at the Bernabeu.