Everton players have been accused of 'cheating' Frank Lampard after Liverpool defeated them 2-0 on Sunday. Jurgen Klopp's men had struggled to break down Everton's dogged defence in the first half but put in a sterling performance after the break to leave their rivals' Premier League status hanging by a thread. Liverpool had to wait until the 62nd minute to find the breakthrough after a disciplined first hour from Everton. Andrew Robertson put Liverpool ahead, meeting Mo Salah's cross at the back post to nod in past Jordan Pickford. Divock Origi, who has a history of scoring against Everton, came off the bench and doubled Liverpool's advantage five minutes from the end. Everton now find themselves in the last relegation spot after Burnley claimed a precious three points against Wolves earlier on Sunday - albeit with a game in hand. And the Everton players' attitudes has been called into question by Jamie Carragher after the Liverpool icon was left confused by their sudden will to fight following a string of poor results. "They’re cheating the manager and the supporters," he told Sky Sports. "To put in a performance like that. Everton haven’t won an away game since August now and they need to look at themselves some of them players. Nothing short of disgraceful. There’s been a lot of money spent on the squad. A club like Everton not to win an away game since August is poor." Ex-Everton star Kevin Campbell agreed with Carragher, saying: "That’s a good place to start that’s for sure, you need to have that (the right attitude). You can question the players and football club on trying to get results away from home. For the next six games, this is the least you expect. They showed they can compete today but they need results." Everton have now not won a match on away soil since beating Brighton 2-0 back on August 28. Despite this latest loss consigning the club to the relegation zone, Lampard insisted he is remaining optimistic about their chances of survival. Speaking after the match, Lampard said: "It will be spoken about (current position) but we have got six games left to Burnley's five. Leeds are in there, so they play tomorrow. But we had to expect that Burnley might win today and focus on our own job. "There's still 18 points to fight for, which is a lot of points. It's important for the players, the fans, and the club not to get sucked into that in a negative way. We're realistic, it is what it is but there are lot of games for us to go and win. And with the attitude we showed today and the togetherness and spirit, maybe a few things go our way - they didn't today - and we'll get the results."