Each week, they could receive a £89.60 top up via Attendance Allowance. Attendance Allowance is a benefit which helps individuals with daily living expenses. It helps with extra costs if people have a physical or mental disability, or illness severe enough that makes it hard for them to look after themselves. Every four weeks, the Department for Work and Pensions gives eligible claimants either £240 or £358.40. This extra payment, as well as the state pension could make a huge difference. The state pension is a regular payment provided each month to Britons when they reach state pension age - which is currently 66. The state pension provides essential financial support for over 12.4 million older people across the UK, however many people are unaware they can also claim Attendance Allowance payments. People can apply for Attendance Allowance if they need help or supervision throughout the day or night. READ MORE: Britons getting Universal Credit & Pension Credit may be able to get NHS prescription free  People should also claim if they need help or supervision throughout the day or night and have: Britons can receive either the lower rate - £60 - or the higher rate - £89.60 - a week depending on the level of care they need because of their condition. People can spend the money any way they choose and it can help them stay independent for longer. This might include: The Attendance Allowance application, otherwise known as the AA1 form, contains a number of personal questions. Questions 27 to 43 are especially focused on a person's care needs in relation to their personal tasks. It is crucial for a person to mention the impact of their illness or disability. The completed form should be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance. People do not need a postcode to a stamp to send the application Alternatively, claimants can call the Attendance Allowance helpline. Attendance Allowance can be backdated to the date of one’s claim. This is usually the date when the form is received or the date someone calls the enquiry line (if they then return the claim pack within six weeks). Attendance Allowance isn't means-tested so it doesn't matter what other money people may have coming in or how much they have in savings. Attendance Allowance will not affect one’s state pension and people can even claim it if they are still working and earning money. Other benefits might increase if one gets Attendance Allowance such as As it is a tax-free be, claimants are exempt from the Benefit Cap so they won't have money taken away from any other benefits.