Piers Morgan did not hold back and told radio host Julia Hartley-Brewer about how he would interview Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, and the questions he would ask them. Mr Morgan claimed that the only reason they are holding on to their royal titles is for the money they can earn from having them. He then went on to criticise the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's push for people to live more environmentally lifestyles, all whilst flying around in Elton John's private jet. Ms. Harltley-Brewer said: "Would you want to interview Harry and Meghan, I mean hey, everyone else has. "What would you ask them?" Mr Morgan told TalkTV: "I would do a proper interview with them, a proper one not a... Oprah one or with James Cordon on the bus in Hollywood, where they all say nice things to each other. "I would say this to them, fundamentally Id say this, you're entitled to lead your lives how the hell you like. "But the reason the title issue that Trump raises is so significant I think is if you're called the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. JUST IN: Boris urged to overrule Northern Ireland protocol with new law - Brexit POLL     Mr Morgan added: "If you genuinely have a problem with all this racist callous Royal Family and the appalling institution of the Monarchy that you had to leave the country to flee these ghastly people. "Why would you keep the royal titles, and we know why, they keep the royal titles because they're making hundreds of millions of dollars from companies like Netflix and Spotify and others. "Exploiting their royal status, without those titles nobody would pay them a dollar, so they want to have their royal cake and eat it. "And they're also the type of people, they in a way represent the very worst in the woke culture, where they want to have the right to preach to us all the time.  READ MORE: Druzhba explosion: Russian oil depot engulfed in flames following 'multiple explosions'     Mr Morgan said: "About things they themselves never do, so they preach to us about carbon footprint and they do it from Elton John's private jet. "Which is they've been using as a taxi service, on the day that she had her half a million baby shower in New York, they actually put a Tweet out about the need to remember poverty. "I mean you couldn't make this stuff up, Harry last week, he couldn't go to Prince Philips memorial but he could somehow find it in him to go to his own event in the Netherlands round the corner. "He starts preaching about equality, equality! This is a guy born into privilege and wealth."   DON'T MISS:Blow for Prince Harry as Princess Anne to replace Duke in key Royal Marines role [LATEST]Royal rift POLL: Should Prince William work to resolve the feud with Prince Harry? [VOTE]'No genuine smile!' Harry's 'signal of deception' lets slip how Queen meeting REALLY went [ANALYSIS] Many royal experts have been criticising the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, for their decisions to sign mega multi-million dollar deals with media giants Netflix and Spotify. Pauline Maclaran, a Professor of Marketing and Consumer Research in the School of Management at Royal Holloway, told Express.co.uk: “It does seem that Harry and Meghan may have over-extended themselves in terms of the Netflix and Spotify deals, although, of course, we have to recognise that producing content does not just happen overnight and high-quality programmes will take many months/years to generate. “However, they do seem to be involved in so much at present – building a media empire with insufficient foundations - that it’s hard to see where their focus really lies. “Certainly, there is a lot of doubt now surrounding their abilities to produce content at the level and quality required for both media outlets.” 