Conservative Lord David Frost has claimed the Brexit agreement on Ireland and Northern Ireland “isn't working”. The Minister of State demanded the terms of the protocol “must be renegotiated” with the reluctant European Union. Lord Frost raged at the inconsistencies in an agreement that “cannot survive” as the UK adjusts to independence from the EU. The Protocol on Ireland and Northern Ireland, established as a core part of the UK Withdrawal Agreement, is flawed and will inevitably lead to “serious difficulties” warned Lord Frost. “I don’t understand why the EU won't renegotiate it,” argued Lord Frost. The Member of the House of Lords has been outspoken surrounding his disapproval of the current Brexit Protocol on Ireland and Northern Ireland. Lord Frost described the 2019 negotiations as “imperfect” as politicians rushed to “deliver referendum results.” He claimed the agreement surrounding trade in Ireland has not “had the careful handling that it should have,” and warned the failures of the contract could lead to serious problems in the future. READ MORE: Ruling at expense of common sense, says ANN WIDDECOMBE In a recent statement, Lord Frost claimed polls across the country showed “a large majority across Northern Ireland” share his concerns that the current agreement holds risks. Lord Frost argued “treaties are in practice often renegotiated,” to better reflect the evolution of political concerns. “Why do you imagine the EU is rather deaf to our requests?” asked Nick Ferrari, presenter for LBC. Lord Frost explained he could not understand the motivations of the EU in the commission’s refusal to reconsider Brexit terms but he remained adamant that the EU and UK must urgently work together to resolve the issue. Read more: EU savaged for shameless ‘spin’ as it gloats over Brexit move   The protocol agreed upon within Brexit negotiations aims to uphold the Good Friday agreement of peace across Ireland. The terms of the agreement stipulate that there will be “no new checks on goods crossing the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland in an effort for trade across the island to remain in flow. According to a previous statement from Lord Frost, this acts to respect Northern irelands “internal market and customs territory.” However, as the UK has now left the EU following Brexit discussions, Lord Frost claimed the protocol has created “burdensome customs” and delays for “goods moving between Great Britain and Northern Ireland”. Don't miss:Britons will 'never rejoin corrupt EU' after Lord Frost's warning [INSIGHT]Irish PM savaged after claiming Brexiteers are 'undermining' EU deal [REPORT]Brexiteer warns Liz Truss has a month to act over protocol [REVEAL] The current arrangement outlined Northern Ireland will remain in a free trade agreement and the flow of goods to the Republic of Ireland will not be restricted with new customs protocols. This term allows trade to flow between Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland and the EU in the same way as when the UK was a member of the EU. However, Lord Frost has highlighted that the arrangement threatens essential supply levels in Ireland as significant goods, including medicine, are sources from other areas in the United Kingdom. Lord Frost called upon the EU to recognise the “obvious” and dangerous flaws of the existing agreement and urgently reconsider the terms of the Brexit protocol.   