Kwasi Kwarteng appeared on Good Morning Britain via video link as he spoke with ITV hosts Kate Garraway and Adil Ray about the rise in energy prices and Rishi Sunak's wife. Ray and Kwarteng ended up clashing after the MP was put on the spot about why Sunak's wife, who has a non-domicile status, doesn't pay UK tax. "Why is it that the people watching this show have to deal with high national insurance," Ray began as he asked: "Whereas the very wealthy like Rishi Sunak's wife can choose to make sure her tax isn't paid here?" Kwarteng replied: "So I'm not an expert on her tax affairs, but from what I understand, she's an Indian citizen, so she doesn't have dual citizenship she has Indian citizenship. "And as a consequence of that, she has what is called a non-domiciled..." Garraway was quick to interrupt the MP as she pointed out: "I think that's Adil's point that she has chosen not to take up UK citizenship." READ MORE: Kate Bliss children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children?  "She's been here seven years," Ray raged. "My father came from Pakistan, he had no choice and he drove buses, he had to be a UK citizen. "He doesn't get these options, these options only seem to be available to the wealthy. "She can come to this country, live here for seven years, benefit from being a UK citizen but choose not to pay her UK taxes?" Kwarteng hit back: "But, she's not a UK citizen, she's not a UK citizen."  Ray fumed: "She benefits like a UK citizen, she has been here for seven years, Mr Kwarteng. Why is that fair?" "So, she is an Indian citizen and so she can't have dual citizenship if she is an Indian citizen that is my understanding," the MP replied. Garraway said: "She could choose to become a UK citizen, I think that's Adil's question." "She's made that decision, hasn't she?" Ray asked putting Kwarteng on the spot. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders ending explained: What happened to Finn Shelby? [CAST]Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert details new role after show exit [INSIGHT]Vera's Aiden Healy star details 'special' moments filming series [NEWS] The MP seemed to hesitate before he explained: "So, you're quite right after 15 years she can't be a non-dom, she will have to pay tax on everything here. "In the meantime as an Indian citizen, she pays tax on UK income here that she generates here in the UK." "We know it's not illegal," Garraway interrupted. "She's not trying to get out...it's not illegal." The interview left viewers divided and many took to social media to share their thoughts.  Some branded the debate a "car crash" while others praised the hosts for putting the MP on the spot. Donal MacRae penned: "Another car crash interview trying to make something out of something that is not illegal." "Car crash interview - no attempt to listen to some of the answers, interruptions. Awful watching. Can these amateur presenters just shut up occasionally and let us hear the answer," Mark Cash fumed. While Nigel tweeted: "A b****y good question! how the hell if Sunak's wife doesn't pay any tax in this Country how could we the taxpayers pay her company's furlough?" (sic) Peter Maclaren pointed out: "They’re there to ask questions on behalf of the public we all know as they do that they’re better off than the average person. Some people can’t understand accountability can they." (sic). Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.