Today marks the beginning of the Invictus Games, an international sporting event for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women, both serving and veterans. Originally scheduled for two years ago, the event will take place between April 16 and 22 in The Hague, Netherlands, after plans for 2020 and a revised 2021 games were postponed as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. Harry and Meghan were seen in Europe together as a couple for the first time since 2020, when they opted to ditch their royal titles and break away from life as senior members of The Firm. Prior to their appearance in the Netherlands, Harry and Meghan visited the Queen at Windsor Castle. The games remain among Harry's most cherished roles, and were first hosted in 2014, going on to attract huge audiences. As a former serviceman, Harry founded the games to give other veterans and serving personnel the chance to compete in sporting activities they specialised in. But some have been critical of Harry's move in 2021 to sign a deal with Netflix to video the games, for a documentary that will be released following the conclusion of events in 2022. The deal with Netflix was reported to be worth around £109million ($142m), and the documentary is expected to be called Heart of Invictus. Among the critics was Loose Women's Jane Moore, who claimed the couple had only secured the deal because of "who they are" not "what they have proved they can do". Last year, Ms Moore said it had "irritated" her that Harry and Meghan had been chosen for a huge funding package, as opposed to "young talent". When asked whether they deserved the deal, she replied: "No. End of discussion." JUST IN: Meghan and Harry 'in and out in 15 minutes' on secret visit to Windsor She continued: "It irritates the hell out of me. "I'm a writer myself. I know there are so many writers and producers, there is so much young talent out there trying to come through, who would love to get into Netflix's door - let alone be given this deal. "They have been given this deal because of who they are, not because of what they have proved they can do." Ms Moore, who has also worked on shows such as Crimewatch, and published five books, admitted her issues with the deal would have been relinquished had they spent time building up a portfolio of work to demonstrate their talents. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry to introduce Lilibet to Queen [BLOG]Meghan and Harry pose with US delegation [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton and Prince William miss out on Harry's visit [ANALYSIS] Instead, though, Ms Moore added: "I'm all for if, ten years down the line, they have made lots of programmes and come up quietly and got the deal then [that would be different]. "But I think, them just parachuting in is not good for the creative industry as a whole, Ryan Murphy has a deal, Shonda Rhimes, these are proven really good creative writers, producers, creators." In a statement at the time of the deal, Meghan and Harry said: "Through our work with diverse communities and their environments, to shining a light on people and causes around the world, our focus will be on creating content that informs but also gives hope. "As new parents, making inspirational family programming is also important to us, as is powerful storytelling through a truthful and relatable lens." Some, however, have been less critical of the deal, including royal insider Marlene Koenig, who told Express.co.uk in 2021 that the deal was "great and important" for the couple. Alongside Harry's Invictus Games documentary, Meghan herself is producing the animated show Pearl. Pearl sees a 12-year-old girl and her "heroic adventures" brought to life, as the character talks to noteworthy women from across the generations. Ms Koenig said: "They're looking for projects that support what their work wants to be like in supporting minorities and mental health - telling stories that will be of interest." Harry's decision to set up the games came after he participated in two frontline tours of Afghanistan in 2008 and 2012, during his ten-year stint in the British Army. Harry and Meghan's appearance in Europe comes a month after they didn't attend a memorial service for the Duke of Edinburgh, the royal's grandfather, in London.