LG could finally lose its spot as one of the top two biggest TV producers worldwide. That's because new statistics have revealed that Chinese electronics firm TCL could be about to overtake LG and become the second largest TV maker in the world for the first time. After years of shrinking the gap, it looks like TCL could be about to pip LG to the silver medal spot on the podium, just behind Samsung in the table of biggest market share. According to market research firm Omdia, this year TCL is looking to order even more panels for its TVs than LG. TCL is looking to get 36.5 million panels compared to LG's 34.3 million units. This news comes after TCL, which produces a range of 4K TVs for those on a budget, has steadily narrowed the gap to second place. In 2019, the gap between TCL and LG for TV shipments was 6.84 million while in 2021 it had narrowed to just 2.76 million. In 2021, LG shipped 27.33 million TVs, while TCL shipped 24.57 million sets. Meanwhile, Samsung was crowned the world's biggest television producer for the 16th consequence year is now looking to get enough panels to produce even more televisions this year. Last year, Samsung shipped 42.23 million TVs, while this year the market leader is looking to secure enough panels for 55.6 million TVs.  Omdia did note that these numbers won't necessarily translate into final shipment numbers or sales. But it does show a signal intent from TCL who are at least preparing to produce even more TVs than LG in 2022. Part of TCL's success in recent years could be attributed to the wide range of budget 4K TVs the firm offers, which can be picked up even cheaper in the sales. One such option is the TCL 43RP620K Smart TV, which comes with the Roku platform already loaded on it. This means you don't need to buy a streaming dongle for your shiny new TV saving you even more money in the process. This 43inch 4K TV usually costs £299.99 but right now can be picked up from Currys for £249. You'd be hard pressed to find a 4K TV at a better price than that. Other Roku TVs also come with Android TV loaded onto it, giving you more choice if you prefer Google's OS to Roku and also once again saving you money as you don't need to pick up a Chromecast.  Omdia did note that these numbers won't necessarily translate into final shipment numbers or sales. But it does show a signal intent from TCL who are at least preparing to produce even more TVs than LG in 2022. Part of TCL's success in recent years could be attributed to the wide range of budget 4K TVs the firm offers, which can be picked up even cheaper in the sales. One such option is the TCL 43RP620K Smart TV, which comes with the Roku platform already loaded on it. This means you don't need to buy a streaming dongle for your shiny new TV saving you even more money in the process. This 43inch 4K TV usually costs £299.99 but right now can be picked up from Currys for £249. [ LINK: TCL 43RP620K Roku 43" Smart 4K Ultra HD HDR LED TV ] You'd be hard pressed to find a 4K TV at a better price than that. Other Roku TVs also come with Android TV loaded onto it, giving you more choice if you prefer Google's OS to Roku and also once again saving you money as you don't need to pick up a Chromecast. 