Nadiya Bychkova, 32, has explained that her father and grandparents are still stranded in Ukraine during Russia’s ongoing invasion. The Strictly star also said she fears she will struggle in this year’s Strictly professionals tour, without partner Aljaz Skorjanec beside her. The Ukrainian-Slovenian dancer appeared on Thrusday’s This Morning with dancer Graziano Di Prima ahead of The Professionals tour. Speaking to hosts Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary, the ballroom dancer said her family had difficulty leaving. She explained that her dad was “too young” and her grandparents “too old” to leave. “I have some family there and friends and it's very sad my dad couldn't get out due to his age," she said. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show “He is too young to leave and my grandparents are too old.” Continuing, Nadiya added: “Some friends came to Europe and I try to check on them every day. “I hope it will be over as soon as possible.” Men aged 18-60 in Ukraine are unable to leave right now in case they are called to arms. Meanwhile, Strictly stars will soon be dancing around the UK once more for the 2022 tour. However, the show will continue without co-star Aljaz, who announced his decision to leave the show last month. Nadiya explained she feels the show will be very difficult without him there. She also revealed her excitement for the upcoming tour for which rehearsals began yesterday. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] Graziano, sitting next to her, said that he was very ready for the tour. It comes after Nadiya went public with her relationship with Kai Widdrington. The two were spotted walking hand-in-hand through Belfast airport. They had only just arrived in Ireland from Luton airport on Sunday morning to watch fellow Strictly professional Giovanni Pernice’s live show later that evening. An unnamed source told MailOnline that the pair made no attempt to hide their feelings for each other as they walked through the arrival lounge. The source said: “They looked like any normal couple breezing through arrivals holding hands. “They were wearing sunglasses but didn't seem to mind that people clearly recognised them from Strictly. “Nadiya was giggling and the two of them looked totally loved up.”