Liam (played by Jonny McPherson) took to the stand in the most recent episode of Emmerdale as the day of Meena's (Paige Sandhu) murder trial finally came. The doctor was supported by his wife, Leyla (Roxy Shahidi), as he recalled the moment the villain had told him she murdered Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger) almost a year ago on the ITV soap. However, the beloved villager also got some comfort from an unlikely source as he came face to face with Carol Butler (Laura Pitt-Pulford), the sister of the killer's first victim, Nadine. The moment came as Liam arrived in court, trying to block out any distractions as he got ready to testify against the villain. With Leyla receiving messages from work, she proceeded to take her seat in the gallery to give her husband some time to collect his thoughts. Not long after she had bid him farewell and good luck, Carol came around the corner asking him if she was going in the right direction for Meena's trial. "Yes, court one, any minute," Liam replied, to which the newcomer added: "Good. Well, it's not good, really, is it?" Having no idea who Carol was, the doctor asked: "Sorry, are you a friend?" with Nadine's sister stating: "Of Meena's?" READ MORE: Emmerdale star explains how sexuality affected acting career "No. That lunatic destroyed my family," she continued before Liam told Carol Meena had killed his daughter, making her aware of who he was. The newcomer replied: "That's awful. You're that doctor. I'm Carol, Nadine's sister, the one that the police never listened to. "If they had, maybe it would have stopped her," Carol added, soon apologising as she had realised the insensitive tone of her comments. She continued: "At least you might get justice. The crown prosecution service refused to charge her for my sister's death. "They stand by the coroner's verdict of suicide," she stated, to which Liam apologised for the pain she was going through. After being called into the courtroom, Carol turned to Liam and said: "Send that animal to prison, for you and your daughter. As the newcomer walked into the courtroom, Liam couldn't take his eyes off her, realising they both had the same goal. Even though they didn't know each other too well, the pair knew they had a bond over the loss of someone they loved at the hands of Meena. When Liam eventually took to the stand during the episode, he was in for a big surprise as he was told by Meena's lawyers the pair had engaged in an affair whilst she was still living in the village. This pushed his buttons and by the end of the episode, he was launching a vicious tirade at the villain, leading the court to be adjourned for the day. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Paige Sandhu teases Meena’s trial fate in tense scenes [COMMENT]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] It seemed by the end of the episode, Liam had jeopardised his testimony being viable with the jury to take into account. Devastated he might not get justice for his daughter's death, the doctor would be looking for some comfort from his wife. However, she could still be distracted by her work duties and therefore, he could be left on his own to drown his sorrows. This is when he could bump into Carol again as she might be looking to do the same after seeing Meena again after so many years. But as one thing leads to another and the pair end up drinking too much, they could end up falling into bed with one another. After being wrongly accused of having an affair behind his wife's back, the doctor might have made the fictional tale a reality. He would have a lot of explaining to do as Leyla would want to know why he didn't come home the first night after the trial. Of course, he wouldn't want her to discover his secret and would do his best to lie through his teeth. Unfortunately, secrets don't stay harboured for too long in the village and he might be forced to confess to sleeping with Carol. Will this be a tragic end to his current storyline as he doesn't get justice for his daughter's death and he loses his wife? This would be a huge storyline twist to conclude Meena's time on the show as viewers have been promised an epic end to the murder plot. Earlier this year, executive producer Jane Hudson detailed what would be happening with the killer in an interview with Express.co.uk and other media. Jane said: "Judgement Day for Meena is coming. Whether she will get away with murder or not, you'll have to wait to find out. "There are still some more twists and turns to be had and some you won't see coming, but I think we're all agreed that Meena can do pretty much anything. "Judgemental Day for Meena won't play out quite as you expect and it will have a lasting effect on quite a few of our villagers. I think within the next few months Meena will get what's coming to her." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.