On Wednesday, Christian Brueckner was named as an official suspect by Portuguese authorities. The German man, who is in his mid-forties, is currently in prison in Germany serving a sentence for rape. Now, in a five-page letter sent from his prison cell Brueckner has claimed that he wasn’t there at the time of Madeleine’s disappearance He also stressed he was not “living close to the place” and protested his innocence in the letter. He alleges that the authorities have no DNA evidence to convict him with. Mr Brueckner also claims he is now "the most known bad person in the world and did nothing - well almost nothing". Three-year-old Madeleine disappeared from the Portuguese resort of Praia da Luz on May 3, 2007, when she was on holiday with her siblings and parents Kate and Gerry. On Thursday, the child sex offender was handed a document at Oldenburg jail, informing him he was being made an “arguido” in the case by Portuguese prosecutors. A written statement issued by the Portimao section of the Faro Department of Criminal Investigation and Prosecution (DIAP) said: "As part of the investigation into the circumstances surrounding the disappearance of Madeleine McCann in 2007, a person was made an arguido on Wednesday." In his letter, Mr Brueckner wrote: “Welcome to the biggest adventure you can imagine. “I'm the most-known bad person in the world and I did nothing - well almost nothing.” READ MORE: Terrified child clings to cat after escaping death from Putin's troops He added: 'I wasn't kidnapping anybody and of course I wasn't killing anybody." Referring to the McCann case, he wrote: "Perhaps I was a suspect, after all, they found out about me. Drug dealer, breaking into houses, living in cars and there was something with kids when I was 17. "But they had not even one proof (sic) that I was involved with the McCann case. And they still don't have it. "I know why. Because they have no hairs or anything from Maddie what means (sic) that nobody can put anything like that into my stuff to find it. "The idea behind that all perhaps was to make the BKA (German police) and German prosecutor famous as well known all over the world as the smartest organisation ever." DON'T MISS New Covid variant spreads throughout UK- 1300 cases on Friday alone [INSIGHT] Boris Johnson has reached 'critical mass' as PM is engulfed in crises [REPORT]William left 'furious' over Harry's 'trapped' claim in Oprah interview [REVEAL] Mr Brueckner, who lived in the Algarve from 1995 to 2007, went on to claim there was “no proof” against him. He also claimed the authorities in Germany were leaking information to portray him in a bad light. He claimed the truth was being “manipulated in an unprofessional way” so much so it was making him “laugh”. The Daily Mail, who have seen the contents of the letter, say it was sent from his prison cell to a woman, whom they did not identify. Madeleine went missing from a holiday apartment her parents were renting back in 2007, just a few days before her fourth birthday. Her parents were eating dinner at a nearby tapas restaurant, situated within the holiday resort. Kate and Gerry “welcomed” the news this week that Mr Brueckner had been made an “arguido”. A source close to the couple claimed: “Anything that implies progress in the case is to be welcomed and that is the view of both Kate and Gerry. “They won't be saying anything publicly just yet but that's not to say they won't in the next few days ahead of the anniversary of Madeleine's disappearance. “Kate and Gerry both still have hope they will get answers in due course to what happened to Madeleine and anything which goes towards that is welcomed.” Naming Brueckner as an “arguido”, meaning a named suspect, comes ahead of the upcoming 15th anniversary of Madeleine’s disappearance. Portugal’s statute of limitations has a strict 15-year time limit for serious crimes.