The M25 has been backed up with traffic and closed now for over 5 hours, due to a lorry spilling cooking oil all over the dual carriageway. The oil spill has affected Brits heading to Enfield as junction 23 for the A1 has been closed. Road safety officials from National Highways have been attending the scene to clear up the mess and redirect cars. Many have been sat in traffic on the M25 with no food or water, and no option for a toilet break.  Motorists have been slowly diverted off the motorway to ease tensions and build up. But scenes taken on the M25 show streams of cars for as far as the eye can see, sat waiting to move further along the road. Complete gridlock with some drivers getting out and talking to other people in cars sitting and waiting. Many drivers with children have been erupting at the National Highway's slow reaction to clear up the mess, as their children sit for hours, hungry waiting to move.  JUST IN: Energy crisis: Sunak tipped to scrap £153 green levy: 'Millstone around necks!'     National Highways tweeted at 2.30 pm: "The M25 clockwise remains closed between J23 and J25 following a collision and a large spillage of cooking oil across all of the lanes. "Contractors are working to remove the oil from the carriageway. Delays of up to 60 minutes on the approach. Twitter users who have been caught up in traffic responded to the Tweet. @Beth Kivela said:"I’ve been stuck in stationary traffic between j24 and j25 since 11:30am. I have a screaming and v distressed 10 month old baby in the car who needs changing and feeding. What on earth is going on and when can I expect to be on the move?" READ MORE:Five men arrested after 'rival gang' shooting in broad daylight   @Timgully said: "Been stuck with kids for 3 1/2 hours - when do we expect to move again?" @KateFenneberg said: "Please can we we told when we will move? Been stuck for 4 hours with two children, one with severe learning difficulties and he’s so stressed!! This is actual hell on earth!! Why are more people not clearing g the spillage or get one lane open??" @JulesMoutain said: "Genuine question - what consequences are there for the companies whose lorries cause this disruption? Presumably they don’t just get to wash their hands of the huge cost of cleaning up, and the inconvenience to thousands of other motorists?" @NannaJanice said: "60minutes delay. We’re not at the airport with miss information about a delayed flight. Been sitting here for 6hrs!!! Where’s the police when you need them. Oh yes nicking a speeding motorist. Have called to ask for water no response."  DON’T MISS: Prince Harry set for major US interview TOMORROW with Royal Family braced for bombshells  @Bennyboy25 said: "It's absolutely insane to not even have a 1 lane diversion open! 60 minutes?! We've been sat here since 11.30!!!!!!!!!!!! I hope you're ok x" @Fithdg said: "Hours and hours stuck. Hungry child in the car and my husband has missed his flight. Please give a more accurate picture, other outlets saying closed until 16.00. Why hasn’t the traffic been turned around?" @Gemletti said: "This is now ridiculous!!!! Nearly 6 hours sitting here, no toilet, no water, and no news!!! What the hell are you doing to fix this????????" @A1mee said: "Why are you saying 60 min delay. I’ve been sat here since 11.30 and still no movement forward or back - surely you can open 1/2 lanes for an hour or so to let stuck traffic through slowly and then get on with clearing up!!!"