Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, Simon, David and fellow Britain's Got Talent judges Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon talked about the upcoming ITV series of the popular talent show. As the group discussed working together on the show for 10 years together, Simon ended up calling David "desperate" because he starts "campaigns" over his nominations to encourage his followers to vote for him. Britain's Got Talent returns to screens on Saturday after a hiatus due to the COVID-19 pandemic. With a special double instalment this week, the show will continue on Sunday so audiences can enjoy more hilarious, emotional and stunning auditions. The judges promised the series would be as enjoyable as ever and teased there would be more spectacular talent and dramatic twists. During the press Q&A, the four noted how this series marks the 10th consecutive show that the current group of judges has fronted. READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts When asked if anyone's coaching styles have changed in the decade they've worked together, David joked: "I think Simon has tried to copy me. "Because he realised I was very popular being the nice one and being the funny one. "So now he's constantly trying to be nice all the time." Amanda cut in to say: "David's just bitter because Simon's funnier than David now." "Possibly, yes," Simon agreed, adding: "Also, I don't do like a whole campaign when I'm nominated for one of these judges, which I've actually seen him do. "He never stops telling all of his followers to vote for him, I mean that's desperate." "You forget about the pile of books under the desk that he gives out to people whether they want them or not - they're signed already," Amanda mocked. When asked why the current panel seems to work so well, Simon replied: "I don't know, we just get on." DON'T MISS... The Chase fans fume over absence of Darragh Ennis 'Where is he?' [REACTION]A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton explains 'tough' aspect of job [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders theory: Dotty Cotton exits Square after Vinny confession [THEORY] He added: "We've all got different opinions. And I said that to someone the other day, everyone in their way has got their own kind of expertise. "You know, David, he's sometimes a comedian. Alisha knows an awful lot about singing and dance. "I know quite a bit about music and Amanda... juggles." Turning to the presenter, who appeared on camera with him from his home in the US, he joked: "You know a lot about juggling." "I am a really good juggler, yeah" Amanda played along. "But the truth is that you know you've got a good group around you when you can argue without feeling bad about arguing," Simon expanded. "So in other words when we disagree - and we do a lot - it's not uncomfortable. "And that's when you know. It's a fun thing, a fun place to work." Britain's Got Talent series 15 kicks off on Saturday at 8pm on ITV.