It looks like it is all over for Tom Hardy fans. The Venom star has been one of the favourite actors primed to take over from Daniel Craig as James Bond following his final movie, No Time To Die. But the Peaky Blinders actor has had a bad time in the Bond odds this week. As it stands, Hardy is currently fourth in line to claim the much-coveted role of 007 in the next movie. Hardy currently has a depleting 8/1 on becoming Bond from Ladbrokes. The actor has played a number of action-focused roles during his career thus far, including Bane from Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy, Max in Mad Max: Fury Road, the Kray Twins in Legend, and Charles Bronson in Bronson. With such a strong career behind him, Hardy is primed and ready to take on the role of 007. But with such decreasing odds, has his chance passed him by? Either way, the British star himself has confessed he would never discuss the possibility of becoming Bond. He previously said of the rumours: "If I mention it, it’s gone. You know, there’s a saying amongst us in the fraternity of acting, and in the fellowship of my peer group, that if you talk about it you’re automatically out of the race. So I can’t possibly comment on that one." Meanwhile, there are currently a number of big names ahead of him in the Bond race. Regé-Jean Page is currently at the top of the Bond odds leaderboard. The former Bridgerton actor gripped the nation with his portrayal of the Duke of Hastings. Since then, his suave sophistication has left him a leading favourite with the bookies. Ladbrokes have given him an incredible 9/4 to become 007 in the near future, making him the current favourite. However, he said on a recent edition of The Tonight Show that he doesn't consider these rumours to be serious. READ MORE: Sean Connery 'hated directors': Michael Bay 'so scared' of Bond star Page said at the time: "I think there might be an element of cultural translation to be done here. If you're a Brit, and you do something of any kind of renown that people regard well, then people start saying the 'B' word. It's like a merit badge. You get the 'B' word merit badge." He added: "I'm very, very glad to have the badge. I'm glad to be in such wonderful company of people who have the badge. But it's a badge." Ladbrokes' Alex Apati said of the frontrunner: "It's been a solid week on the betting front for Regé-Jean Page, who continues to pull away from the chasing pack in the race to replace Daniel Craig." Page isn't out of the woods just yet, however. He has two Hollywood stars just behind him that could beat his lead at any moment. DON'T MISS...Sean Connery 'hated directors': Michael Bay 'so scared' of Bond star [INFO]James Bond: Roger Moore drank for his nerves on For Your Eyes Only set [INSIGHT]Next James Bond odds: Regé-Jean Page's Bridgerton co-star enters race [NEWS] In second place in the Bond odds is Henry Cavill. The Superman actor has made quite a name for himself over the past few years, appearing in franchises such as Enola Holmes, Mission: Impossible and The Witcher. And the Netflix star's hard work has paid off. At the moment, Ladbrokes have awarded the star an impeccable 4/1 on becoming the new-and-improved James Bond. This is even more exciting for the Brit, considering he was previously turned down for the role. Cavill famously went up against Craig in 2005 for the role of James Bond in Casino Royale. But, when he arrived at the audition, he was told he was looking "a little chubby". He recalled: "I didn’t know how to train or diet. And I’m glad [the director] said something, because I respond well to truth. It helps me get better." Could he have what it takes this time around to become the hero fans want him to be? Meanwhile, a BBC star is also in the upper echelons of the betting. Aidan Turner, who is best known for playing Poldark, is currently in third place. He has a not-that-bad 7/1 on becoming Bond next. The Irish star is also best known for playing the Dwarf Kili in the Lord of the Rings spin-off trilogy, The Hobbit. James Bond No Time To Die is available on digital, DVD and Blu-ray now.