Retired soldiers in two cities in Siberia have been asked to join the Russian Army after an estimated 15,000 troops died in the conflict. Russian media reports state that the Kremlin has called for former soldiers near retirement age to rejoin the military in Chelyabinsk and Tyumen. Tank commanders, snipers and engineers are among the roles the Kremlin is keen to fill. Russian President Vladimir Putin recently signed a decree ordering 134,500 new conscripts into the army as part of Russia's annual spring draft. The country's defence ministry said the annual call-up for men aged from 18 to 27 had nothing to do with the war in Ukraine. The Kremlin says it is not deploying conscripts in Ukraine, but on March 9 the defence ministry admitted some were sent to Ukraine after Putin had denied this on a number of occasions, saying only professional soldiers and officers had been sent.  NATO estimates that 15,000 Russian troops have been killed in Ukraine while Kyiv puts the total at 18,300. Mathieu Boulègue, a senior research fellow in Russian warfare at Chatham House, said: "Conscripts are used to drive a truck from point A to point B. "They are not destined for war-fighting operations. If they need someone to drive ammunition or medical supplies, that can be accomplished by a 60-year old." Ukraine's government has declared a general mobilisation, meaning conscripts and reservists have been deployed to fight.  READ MORE ABOUT MEGHAN AND HARRY'S HOROSCOPE Most new Russian military recruits are from Krasnodar, Perm, Dagestan, Ingushetia and Kalmykia, according the The Ministry of Defence of Ukraine. Kyiv estimates that Russia is looking to boost its troop numbers by 60,000. Military intelligence also suggests Russia is redeploying some forces in Georgia to bolster its invasion and could be preparing to send new conscripts to join the war. A western official said: "According to our defence intelligence, Russia is redeploying elements of forces in Georgia to reinforce the invasion of Ukraine.   DON'T MISS: Britain braces as bitter -6C arctic blast to bring deep freeze [REPORT] Police warn parents over scary 'Huggy Wuggy' TikTok craze [REVEALED] Kate’s concern after giving birth to Prince Louis [LATEST] "We don't think this was planned. It's a very odd thing for the Russian military to do so we expect it's indicative of the problems they're having in Ukraine. "They've done the biannual draft but Putin has signed over 130,000 new conscripts into the army. The timing aligns with previous spring drafts but we think that's an unusually high number. "We do think there is a realistic possibility these conscripts will be sent to Ukraine, even though the Russian MoD have said only professional soldiers will go to Ukraine." There have also been reports of conscripts in the Russian-backed Donbas region being sent into front-line combat against Ukrainian troops with no training, little food and water and inadequate weapons.  Donbas armed forces fight alongside Russian soldiers but they are not part of the Russian armed forces, which have different rules about which troops they send into combat. Some Donbas conscripts have even given the highly dangerous mission of drawing enemy fire onto themselves so other units could identify the Ukrainian positions and bomb them, according to one source and video testimony from a prisoner of war published by Ukrainian forces. After being pushed to the front line near the port of Mariupol, one group of about 135 Donbas conscripts laid down their arms and refused to fight on, according to Veronika, the partner of a conscript, who told Reuters her husband was among them.  Meanwhile, British military intelligence said on Tuesday that Ukrainian forces have retaken key northern terrain, forcing Russian forces to retreat from areas around Chernihiv and north of Kyiv. Western officials say Russia is probably planning to shift its focus to the south and east of Ukraine, refitting forces in Belarus. The United States and Europe were planning new sanctions on Tuesday to punish Moscow over civilian killings in Ukraine. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has warned more deaths were likely to be uncovered in areas seized from Russian invaders. 