Luther actor Idris Elba is the face of a brand new BBC Two series which is set to air its first instalment on Sunday, April 17. In Idris Elba’s Fight School, the TV star is seen trying to empower young people across the UK through boxing. Idris is hoping through the intensive training the recruits will be able to change their livespeaking ahead of his series’ debut, the father of two revealed what the “hardest part” of his job was. When discussing the most challenging elements of the series, he said: “This was my first time filming something like this, a social experiment of sorts. “Taking on the responsibility for these young people’s lives is not something I take lightly, and I wanted to be there for them as much as possible and to make sure that there was an incredible support group of trainers and mentors around them as well.   is own experience of learning to box when he was younges something he credits as giving himself a "sense of purpose". When asked how the idea for the programme began, Idris explained: “When I was young, I joined a boxing club and my trainer Joe took me under his wing, which was a real turning point in my life teaching me discipline and control moving forward. “During my own experience of fighting, there was a level of peace I was able to achieve. “Boxing requires you to switch off all the noise and focus on the moment, a skill that I believe all people need, especially younger people who need direction.   “Looking back at my own experiences, I’m reminded of how powerful boxing can be on disadvantaged young people, giving them a sense of purpose.” The Hackney musician went on to add to the BBC: “This was the inspiration behind Fight School.” In the series, Idris collaborates with former national boxing champion Rachel Bower, 39, and Greg White, 35, who is the head coach at Camden Boxing Club in Hawley Wharf, Kentish Town Road, which also has a gym in Rathbone Street. The new group of recruits live together while gaining boxing training, nutrition advice, and the challenger’s access to a life coach and mentors. Sharing how she began a career in boxing, one of the coaches, Rachel, spoke to newsreader Nina Warhurst on BBC Breakfast. She said: “I was 23 [years old] which is quite late for a boxer. “I worked as a police officer in London in the Met Police and I found myself being bored in-between shift work having time off during the week and I just really wanted a hobby. So someone suggested that I try boxing and. I got hooked,” she smiled: “Forgive the pun. Nina then asked: “But people can see boxing as quite an intimidating sport to join, walking into a boxing gym for the first time it can be seen as quite male-dominated. “How did you overcome those barriers?” she wondered. Rachel replied: "I was really lucky in that. The police team I joined had a really strong female team I think in the first or second year I was there. I think we have something like six champions or medalists in the national championships. 