MPs have been away from Parliament for nearly two weeks now, in which time the weekly session of Prime Ministers Questions (PMQs) hasn’t taken place. The traditional assembly gives politicians, including the Labour Leader Sir Keir Starmer, an opportunity to put questions to Prime Minister Boris Johnson. However, for a second week in a row there will be no PMQs. MPs are currently in the middle of their Easter recess - a period when the Commons is not sitting. The remaining recess periods for the Commons in 2022 are as follows: READ MORE: 'Boris has surrendered!' Fury as PM caves in fishing row with France  A provisional date for the Commons to rise for its Summer 2022 recess has been announced (July 21), but is not yet confirmed. The chamber was adjourned on Thursday, March 31 which means no sessions will be held in the Commons. Easter recess is due to end by Tuesday, April 19 at which point MPs will reconvene. As a result the next session of PMQs is scheduled for Wednesday, April 20.  However, the Scottish National Party and Liberal Democrats have been leading calls for Parliament to return early from its Easter break after Mr Johnson was fined by the Metropolitan Police for a breach of lockdown rules. On Tuesday, the Government announced that the PM along with his wife, Carrie Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak had all received fixed penalty notices for attending a birthday gathering for Mr Johnson in Downing Street. All three individuals have apologised for their actions, though opposition parties led by Sir Keir have called on the PM and Chancellor to resign immediately. In a tweet, the Labour Leader said: “Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public.  DON'T MISS: Rishi Sunak considered resigning after partygate fine [INSIGHT]London's Blackheath sees 'serious disorder' - Parents issued warning [EXPLAINED]Gove blasted as report finds changes made situation worse for renters [NEWS] “They must both resign. The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern. Britain deserves better.” Generally, PMQs take place each Wednesday and last from 12 to 12.30pm. The session will begin when the Speaker of the Commons, Sir Lindsay Hoyle, formally announces “questions to the Prime Minister”.  An MP will then ask the PM a question about their engagements to kick-off the discussion - known as an ‘open question’. Following the answer, the MP then raises a particular issue, often one of current political significance. The leader of the opposition then follows up on this or another topic and is permitted to ask six questions - the most of any politician in the Commons. Meanwhile, the leader of the next largest party in the House of Commons - currently Ian Blackford of the Scottish National Party (SNP) - is permitted two questions. Backbench MPs can also put questions to the PM. They must enter their names on the Order Paper, which will then be shuffled in a ballot to produce a random sequence. 