Gardeners across Briton are preparing to soak up the summer sun in the coming months, whether that's chilling out with a drink on the patio or hosting friends and family. But if you do have a concrete patio in your garden, now is the best time to give it a post-winter clean. Though a pressure washer is certainly the quickest way to blast away the dirt and grime of a long winter, there is another easy way you can restore your patio to its former glory. In fact, you don't need a pressure washer at all. According to Go Cleaners London, the answer may well be tucked away in your kitchen cupboard. They recommend a "straightforward" method of cleaning concrete without a pressure washer "using baking soda and dish-washing detergent". READ MORE: How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is often hailed as a multi-purpose cleaner around the home. The reason baking soda works so well as a base cleaner is due to its alkaline properties. This works to dissolve organic compounds like dirt and grease, while the mineral structure of each baking soda particle provides a gentle abrasive to clean without leaving scratches behind. Dish soap, on the other hand, is made for cleaning. The special mixture of surfactants in most dish soap is what makes it so good at cleaning - not just bowls and plates, but other surfaces too. DON'T MISSHow to clean your washing machine with easy ingredients [EXPLAINER]'Swear by it': Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove weeds from driveway [COMMENT]How to make your own ‘week killer’ for driveways and paving [INSIGHT] To begin, add half a cup of baking soda to one gallon of water. Next, mix one-eighth of washing-up liquid into the solution. Transfer the mixture to a spray bottle, and spritz it onto your concrete patio. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Allow the liquid to sit for half an hour - this gives it plenty of time to get to work. After the solution has had time to soak in and work its magic, it's time for a little bit of elbow grease. Scrub the area thoroughly before rinsing with fresh, clean water. You can use a hose to speed up this process. For added protection, you can apply a coat of concrete sealant to protect your patio during the summer months. Concrete sealant can be purchased from most DIY and garden shops.