Unai Emery may be the next Jose Mourinho after Villarreal stunned Bayern Munich in the Champions League on Tuesday. The La Liga side went into the game 1-0 up from the first leg. And a 1-1 draw at the Allianz Arena saw them book their place in the semi-finals of the competition, meaning they could replicate Porto’s achievements under Mourinho in the process. Villarreal went into their tie with Bayern as underdogs last week. But they managed to battle their way to a surprising victory at the Estadio de la Ceramica, with Arnaut Danjuma scoring the only goal of the game. Still, prior to Tuesday night’s contest, few were giving the La Liga side a chance of making it through. Bayern, after all, are one of the best clubs in the world - with one of the globe’s best bosses in Julian Nagelsmann, too. And the Bundesliga giants looked like normal service was going to resume when Robert Lewandowski struck to level the tie. However, there was one final twist in the tale. With just two minutes left on the clock in Munich, Samuel Chukwueze struck to send Villarreal through and break Bayern hearts. Now, they’re just three matches away from matching Porto’s achievements under Mourinho. Back in 2003, the Primeira Liga side won the UEFA Cup by beating Celtic in the final. While Henrik Larsson struck twice for the Hoops, a brace from Derlei and a strike from Dmitri Alenichev propelled them to glory. And Porto then won the Champions League under Mourinho the following year, with their previous win acting as a catalyst. They were far too strong for Monaco in the final in 2004, cruising to a 3-0 win with Benni McCarthy one of the stars of the show. And if Villarreal are able to do the same, Emery will effectively become the next Mourinho. It’ll be fascinating to see what the La Liga side are capable of, with Liverpool potentially lying in wait in the next round. Villarreal previously made the semis of the competition back in 2006. Yet they lost to Arsenal at that stage, with Juan Roman Riquelme infamously missing a late penalty. For Bayern, they’ll now have to regroup and go again. Nagelsmann is on course to steer them to yet another Bundesliga title in his first season since replacing Hansi Flick. But make no mistake about it, this defeat will hurt. Nagelsmann was hired to win the Champions League. Instead, it’s Emery and Villarreal who now have genuine ambitions of going all the way.