Evelyn (played by Maureen Lipman) was on hand to support her grandson Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) as his former lover, Fiz Stape (Jennie McAlpine), left Coronation Street as she moved house with her new partner, Phil Whittaker (Jamie Kenna). The battle-axe had her own unique way of helping the mechanic, which included leaving him with her dog whilst she made a trip to the doctors so he had something to take his mind off what was happening. However, as the pensioner tried to explain why she had been so long, she seemed too quick to respond with a story. So could she be lying to her grandson as she prepares to make a permanent exit from the ITV soap after receiving some news about her health? The battle-axe saw her grandson snooping around the van which Fiz was using to move house and wondered what he was doing. Evelyn spotted he was rifling through some of the boxes and realised her grandson was struggling more than he was letting on about the move. "It's the start of a new chapter for all of us," she said dropping the first hint something big was going to happen in her life. Although she has been a part of the Dobbs/Stape household, the move wouldn't have such a big impact on Evelyn apart from the fact she wouldn't see her granddaughters every day. Needing to dart off, she handed her grandson her dog and he was stunned not to realise she had a doctor's appointment to attend. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King "Got to nip to the surgery. They're starting me on some new blood pressure tablets, nothing to do with the pressure you're putting me under," Evelyn explained as it seemed she was brushing off the severity of whatever was happening. "I wouldn't worry about me, I've only got work this afternoon," Tyrone said, meaning his lack of compassion meant Evelyn might have done her job in making him not worry about her health. "Mind you, they're so slow in that surgery, they could have me waiting all day but you will manage," the soap favourite remarked before running off. The battle-axe was gone for some time and it seems she could have been told a bit more than she had a problem with her blood pressure. It could be Evelyn was recently told she was dying but with Fiz's move and how upset Tyrone was going to be, she didn't want to tell him. Therefore, she will have gone to the doctors on her own to discuss how she would be able to cope in the last few months of her life. With the medical professionals writing her a prescription, the battle-axe could have gone to collect it before returning to the cobbles. This way, there would have been less chance she would have bumped into someone she knew and would have had to explain herself. This didn't stop her grandson from questioning her about where she had been as it seems he might have picked up on the fact all was not well. DON'T MISS...Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [COMMENT]Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT]Corrie’s Beverley Callard begged Ricky Gervais for role in After Life [COMMENT] "Are you still sniffing around Fiz's boxes?" Evelyn said as she came peering around the corner to collect her dog from Tyrone. The mechanic replied: "No. We've just been packing up some boxes whilst she went off to see Ruby but she's been gone ages, as have you." Evelyn looked a bit shifty as she tried to explain herself as she said: "I did warn you that surgery was dead slow and then I had to go into town to get my tablets." It wasn't long before the conversation was back on Fiz as she packed up the last few bits of her stuff into the van. By the end of the episode, the legendary character had left the cobbles and Evelyn was seen putting her feet up at home. Not too long after, Tyrone came bursting through the doors as he told her he was going to move back in with her and her dog. He had been living with Faye Windass (Ellie Leach) and Emma Brooker (Alexandra Mardell) since he left Fiz last year following his affair. However, he told his grandmother there was an atmosphere in the flat and he wanted to move back in somewhere he felt comfortable. Although, this could all be a lie as he actually wants to keep tabs on the battle-axe and watch her closely as he knows there is something he isn't telling her. Will he discover Evelyn is gravely ill and will make her exit from the show very soon or will she keep her secret until the very end? Last year, the actress who plays Evelyn, Maureen, took some time out from the show because of the pandemic and spoke about her reasonings for making a brief exit. The soap star explained: "Well it has been a time that I can’t personally complain about except on behalf of the people who have not been as fortunate. "I continued in Coronation Street after the first initial lockdown. "I went back and I am still officially working on it except that I am taking a bit of sabbatical until I get my vaccination at the moment," she added in an interview with the Outspoken Beauty podcast. More than a year later since this announcement was made and with Evelyn not featuring in as many storylines, could the character be written out? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.