The price for the fruity tipple has bubbled up by 7.5 percent since 2019. This soaring inflation sees it rise by 12p to £4.03 a pint, in just a year, according to a report by Herefordshire cider maker Westons. Experts say that the increase is not just the result of inflation, but also a result of Britons’ choice of beverage leaning more towards craft drinks, which tend to be more expensive. Spokesman for Westons Tim Williams said: “Brits are drinking less in terms of volume, but choosing better quality, more premium options.” Marston’s Brewery, one of Britain’s biggest pub chains, is also increasing its prices, ramping up the price of a pint by as much as 45p. The brewery attributed the price rise to the energy crisis, as well as operating costs. A spokesman said: “The price increase is a direct impact of the soaring energy prices and operating costs as being experienced by all businesses and households across the country.” The firm owns six breweries and over 1,500 pubs. Data from the Office for National Statistics suggests that draught ale has suffered its biggest price jump since records began this year. READ MORE:Sturgeon’s finance chief warned ferry chaos ‘likely to pull government [INSIGHT] The average pint is up more than six percent compared to before the pandemic, when the average cost was £3.73. Drinking spots in Leeds are currently charging £3.83, with Coventry at £3.86, Sheffield £3.87 and Northampton £3.91. London has the average price of a pint at £6 while in Edinburgh it is £5.10, Bristol £4.52, Liverpool £4.48 and Birmingham £4.46 - breaking the £4 barrier in recent years. Industry experts highlight the impact of Covid lockdowns on the industry as well as the soaring costs faced by landlords. DON'T MISS: PM hails 'brilliant' Express project to help Ukrainian refugees in UK [REVEAL]Martin Lewis gets emotional over energy crisis 'frustration' [INSIGHT]Fears man dead in blast may have bought appliance to 'deal with cold' [ANALYSIS] Nik Antona, from the Campaign for Real Ale, said: “Our pubs have been under significant financial pressure following two years of lockdowns, restrictions and partial closures, which is feeding these increases. “From rising energy bills and the cost of goods going up, to VAT increases and the end of business rates holidays, pub owners are feeling the squeeze from all sides.” Mr Antona added: “It’s going to be a very tricky few years for our locals and more support is urgently needed to help these vital community hubs weather the storm.” Meanwhile Steve Alton, from the British Institute of Innkeeping, said publicans’ “margins are being squeezed across every area” — forcing them to pass on costs to drinkers.