Prince Louis of Cambridge will turn four on Saturday, April 23, and the little royal has likely got a fun-filled day ahead of him with Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Prince William and his siblings Prince George and Princess Charlotte. But in the run-up to Louis' birthday, Kate likely has a busy night ahead, putting the finishing touches on the celebration plans. Royal birthdays are usually celebrated in private, so exactly what the Cambridges have planned for their youngest's special day on Saturday isn't known. But royal fans will certainly be treated to a new official picture of Prince Louis now he's turning four years old. And it could be that his mum Kate, who is a keen photographer, has taken this photo as she has for her children's previous birthdays. Royal social media accounts are also likely to share their birthday wishes for Louis, including the Royal Family and Clarence House Instagram accounts.  READ MORE: Queen's driver forced to slam on brakes in terrifying near miss As well as some presents and a special birthday dinner, Louis has also probably got a special cake to look forward to on Saturday. Kate is likely lovingly making the cake for her son on Friday evening, as she has in previous years. A few years ago, Kate made an appearance on Mary Berry's cooking show, A Berry Royal Christmas, and she explained how she loves to make her children's birthday cakes every year. Kate said: “I love making the cake. It’s become a bit of a tradition that I stay up ’til midnight with ridiculous amounts of cake mix and icing and I make far too much. But I love it.”  Cakes are serious business in the Cambridge household, with one of Louis' first words being 'Mary' after Mary Berry as Kate makes so many of Mary's recipes at home. Kate added: "One of Louis’ first words was 'Mary' because right at his height are all my cooking books in the kitchen bookshelf. "And children are really fascinated by faces, and your faces are all over your cooking books and he would say 'that’s Mary Berry'. DON'T MISS:Harry slammed by palace insiders as Charles 'furious' [ANALYSIS]Prince Louis pictures through the years as he celebrates birthday [PICTURES]Royal Family ranked: Where Harry and Meghan stand in latest ratings [INSIGHT]  "He would definitely recognise you if he saw you today." As well as baking cakes for her three children, Kate also makes time in her busy royal schedule to bake tasty treats as gifts for other people. During a visit to a Ukrainian support centre last month, Kate brought homemade brownies and granola bars that she'd baked at Kensington Palace. William and Kate also previously baked poppy cupcakes for the Poppy Appeal 2020, which they displayed proudly on their social media account. 