Influencer Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on Instagram after she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Fans of the cleaning guru now regularly share their own advice, including how to removew signs of mould from washing machine seals. Asking for help on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean the rubber area on her washing machine. Kerry Burton wrote: “Please help! How do I get mould of the rubber on my washing machine at the bottom of the drum and it’s a thick bit? “I have used a washing machine cleaner and it hasn’t done anything to it!” The washing machine seal is one of the main places that mildew and other nasty smells build up as it gets trapped here between washes. READ MORE: Window cleaning: How to achieve 'streak-free' windows - ‘magic’ As this seal keeps the water in your washing machine, and prevents it from leaking out, it retains a lot of moisture. All this moisture makes it the perfect environment for mould and mildew to grow. If not cleaned regularly, the obstructions may prevent the door from creating an airtight seal, resulting in a risk of water leakage from the drum. Group members took to the comments to share top tips on getting rid of the mould and gunk. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [EXPERT]Gardening: Alan Titchmarsh shares how to avoid weeds ‘reappearing’ [TIPS]Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [INSIGHT] The most popular comment was to use white vinegar with kitchen roll to clean washing machine seals. Lily Forbes said: “Soak kitchen roll in white vinegar and leave overnight on the mould. You’ll see amazing results the next day.” Daisy Parker commented: “White vinegar soaked on kitchen roll and jam them in and on the affected parts soak and leave for 24 hrs.” Denise Burton suggested: “Using white vinegar is the easiest way to clean the seal part of the washing machine. “Leave it soaking overnight and you’ll find the mould disappears the next day.” White vinegar makes a great cleaner and disinfectant because it is made from acetic acid. The acetic acid is so powerful it can dissolve mineral deposit, dirt, grease and grime. It is also strong enough to kill bacteria. White vinegar can be purchased from Tesco for as little as 29p. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested pairing the white vinegar with baking soda to “create a paste”. Steph Wilford said: “Use white vinegar and baking soda to create a paste and leave to sit overnight.” Marghani Joan commented: “Baking soda and white vinegar, mix to a paste and rub it on, leave one hour on a wash cycle.” Lisa Scott added: “I vouch for the white vinegar and baking soda. It worked for me.”