For many, the prospect of a full home makeover can be daunting, with new trends coming in regularly. This can mean that properties can quickly look outdated, and it can be costly to update. The bathroom is the place to relax, unwind and have some much deserved ‘me-time’ after a long day. Being one of the most intimate places in a home, and also often one of the smallest, it can sometimes be difficult to balance both style and function. With experts at Sanctuary Bathrooms seeing a 41 percent growth in bathroom unit sales and online searches for ‘bathroom cabinets’ skyrocketing to a total of 239,000 during the last 12 months, it seems lots of homeowners are ready to refresh their bathroom aesthetic with the addition of stylish extra storage in hopes that it makes their house “stand out”. Art Deco was first embedded into our homes in the 20th century and originally came from France but still proves popular today as many of us are looking to add a splash of ‘ooh la la’ into bathrooms with 446,000 having searched for the trend in just the last year. James said: “Art deco bathroom furniture can help enrich a conventional-looking space thanks to its bold glamorous patterns without making drastic changes to your interiors. “Its distinctive aesthetic reflects styles of two eras as it combines a traditional look with geometric shapes. “You can embellish your bathroom with glamorous additions to achieve this sophisticated retro vibe. For example, a patterned wallpaper can help boost creativity and create the illusion of more space. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants “You should also choose metallics for taps and handles to create that shiny luxurious touch.” For those interested in an edgy yet practical approach to bathroom renovations, then industrial-style cabinets are the solution for them. James explained: “This unique style reflects our factories and manufacturing past due to its display of raw building materials such as copper, tin and iron. “It helps give the bathroom a modern and minimalist twist which will make it stand out from the rest of the house.” DON'T MISS:Weeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds [TIPS]How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to unblock drains using hair removal cream [COMMENT] Seaside style replicates beach hut vibes Homeowners who are after a more bolder theme to have in their bathrooms, a seaside style might just be the right design. James said: “If you prefer a calm and neutral colour palette in your bathroom, then beach-style cabinets will do it! “Opt for bathroom cabinets that are reminiscent of the seaside, featuring light blues, whites and sandy tones, usually manufactured from light wood.” Keep it classic with sophisticated vintage Vintage design often refers to pieces that render homage to the past, so these cabinets are perfect for more traditional-looking interiors. The expert explained: “An important aspect of this popular aesthetic is nostalgia and admiration for simpler times. “Along with modern concerns for the environment, upcycling vintage pieces can be a way to compromise between past and future when remodelling your interiors.” The Moroccan interior style is a curated balance between rustic and boho elements with a nod to the outdoors thanks to earthy tones such as soft browns, reds and low-key greens. James advised: “Bring your bathroom to life with Moroccan design. “Choose rounded cabinets in bold colours and vibrant geometrics. “Echo this lively style throughout your suite with patterned flooring to intricately designed furniture.” What better way to keep your bathroom interiors timeless other than choosing shaker-style cabinets? This type of furniture reflects a classic, practical and sophisticated approach for a makeover. James said: “This practical tallboy style is dominated by the use of wood and rectangular shapes, contributing to a rustic yet elegant aesthetic. “The natural materials and colour palette help create a homely environment”.