Ethan (played by Emile John) has been getting to know Emmerdale newcomer Marcus Dean (Darcy Grey) for a couple of months now and it seems everything is heading in the right direction. Although they both have busy lives, the new pairing on the ITV soap seems to have been capturing the odd moment together, whether it be a drink in the café or a steamy rendezvous in the Hop office. However, when the lawyer's new case brings up a whole load of moral dilemmas, it seems the romance could be over before it's begun as Ethan begins to make some questionable choices with regard to a new face in the Dales. The drama begins with things looking up for the loved up pair and Marcus even ends up helping Ethan move into a new place. Knowing his father and the village vicar, Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin), thinks he is quite funny with his quick-witted comments, his son asks him not to wind up his love interest. But this doesn't seem to put Marcus off as when the lawyer gets some good news about his career, the pair end up sharing a toast together. When it seems passion is about to ensue, a phone call interrupts them as the legal eagle is called into work for an emergency case. This leaves Marcus defaulted but he understands and when Ethan arrives at the police station, he meets newcomer Joran (Jack Parr). READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ Arrested on suspicion of assault, the newcomer needs representation and in order to keep in his bosses good books, Ethan takes on the case. However, he is horrified to discover Jordan's victim was Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle), one of the lawyer's neighbours in the village. With the connections being made, in the hospital, Billy tells his wife Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley) the attack was racially motivated. The beloved character has also sustained serious injuries in the assault and he is wanting to get justice for what's happened to him. Back at the police station, Ethan does declare he knows Billy to the authorities but explains there is no conflict of interest. Wanting everything to remain above board, however, he tells Jordan he might want to consider hiring another lawyer just in case. Having seen Ethan at work, Jordan tells him he wants him to be his legal representation and Marcus' partner is left feeling rather awkward. As Billy sits and loses faith in getting justice for himself, Ethan is told by Harriet Finch (Katherine Dow Blyton) he should withdraw from the case. Knowing the backlash he will receive for representing someone who has attacked Billy, she warns Ethan this will have a huge impact on his personal relationships. He will be left with a huge dilemma over whether to put his career first or whether he should let it go for the sake of having a calmer personal life. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker bids sad farewell to co-star Paige Sandhu [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Katie Hill told to go back home by bosses after blunder [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT] If he chooses his career over his personal relationships, Ethan could see his relationship with Marcus come to an end. Not only because of the hours he works meaning they can't see each other as much but Marcus might not agree with the lawyer's stance on the case. This is where Marcus could prove he is nothing like his father, Pierce Harris (Jonathan Wrather), as he knows the difference between right and wrong. Knowing Ethan is also friends with Billy could make Marcus confused as to why his love interest is willing to represent the person who attacked him. As battle lines are drawn and the village turns on Ethan, being on Jordan's side could mean he bids farewell to his lover. The actor who plays Ethan, Emile, recently spoke out about his character's latest storyline and discussed his relationship with Marcus. Emile said: "Ethan finally, at long last, seems to be on track to having a fruitful and meaningful relationship and although they began in quite uncertain territory, slowly but surely they are finding their rhythm. "I think because of this, Ethan is happier than he has ever been in the village. It's nice to play this giddy, childlike version of him. "I think viewers will really warm to this version of Ethan and be in support of his new relationship," he added but just how long will it last? Asked about how Ethan will react if people turn their back on him, the soap star added: "I don't think Ethan would do too well being shunned by his friends in the village." "He likes to be liked," Emile commented so could this mean he is willing to save his relationship rather than take on a case he knows wouldn't suit him morally? Aside from the drama, the actor has expressed delight in being able to focus on a storyline surrounding his character's job. The soap star said: "Finally, we see Ethan putting in a shift, I've seen how viewers online just think Ethan aimlessly walks around the village getting involved in other people's affairs, and to be honest... he does, but we love him for it! "It'll be nice to see him operate in surroundings that he's used to. We really see Ethan in his element during this storyline. Well... to begin with." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.