Ethan (played by George Rainsford) was left a single father when his wife to be, Fenisha Khatri (Olivia D'Lima), was killed off in a tragic accident on Casualty last year. Over the past few months, the beloved doctor has been trying to put more focus into his career and raising his son than getting distracted with romantic endeavours on the BBC drama. However, in upcoming scenes on the television programme, he will decide to take a dive into the deep end which could lead to his departure from Holby City. The drama begins in the second episode of the night, which will focus purely on Ethan and the impact Fenisha's death has had on him. With it having been eight months since his wife to be died, he is finally set to embark on a new romance with police officer, Amy (Catrin Stewart). In a break from the conventional format of the show, the instalment will feature numerous flashback scenes as viewers are given an insight into how Ethan came to meet his new love interest. As they enjoy a drink together, the newcomer will want to hear about some of the horror stories the doctor has from working in the Emergency Department. Although he has many tales to tell, Ethan's mind will stretch back to the summer he enjoyed with Fenisha before her tragic demise. READ MORE: Boris slaps down TalkTV's Tom in tense cost of living probe Running alongside the timeline of present-day and the past will be a third timeline, looking at the most recent past. It will explain how Ethan came to meet Amy but viewers of the show are likely to be more focused on Fenisha's return. The actress who played the late character, Olivia, reprised her role for the special scenes, which will document how in love with Ethan she was. In the weeks leading up to their wedding day, the couple will have been stronger than ever, completely unaware of the heartache which would unfold. Back in the present day, the father of one will realise his emotions over Fenisha's demise are still too raw to face. Although he does like Amy and it seems they would get along together, he eventually tells the police officer he cannot pursue things with her. It seems Amy will be ok with this as they will part on good terms and Jan Jennings (Di Botcher), will offer him a shoulder to cry on. She tells him although now might not be the right time to move on from Fenisha, one day he will feel strong enough to let her go. However, this could give him a lot to think about as he knows he cannot live in the same place they met and developed their relationship. There are too many memories for him in Holby City, including reminders of how his late brother, Cal Knight (Richard Winsor) died. DON'T MISS...Casualty legend Amanda Mealing on 'chaotic' Coronation Street job [COMMENT]Casualty's Amanda Mealing blames Queen for Coronation Street chaos [COMMENT]Holby City legend Amanda Mealing speaks out about show's axe [COMMENT] Deciding he needs to put himself first for once, Ethan could decide he is going to pack his bags and begin a new chapter of his life elsewhere. He will always have a reminder of Fenisha when he looks at their son but being somewhere new will help him to move on. Having been a part of the show for eight years, it will be heartbreaking for viewers to see the beloved character bow out. The actor who plays Ethan, George, has spoken out about the special episode which will air on Saturday night and the impact Fenisha's return will have on his character. Appearing on ITV's Loose Women, the soap star gave a bit more context to the dramatic instalment, stating: "It's the first date with this character, who we meet next week." "The episode takes place over several timelines, so you find out when they met for the first time," the actor continues. "She's a policewoman and she comes into the hospital. She's trying to basically interview one of the patients of Ethan's, so they're at loggerheads, to begin with." Discussing the return of his co-star, Olivia, who plays Fenisha, George added: "So that was exciting and it was nice to have Olivia back. "What was nice was that because it was a flashback, it was happier times, which we didn't massively get to establish. "It was really fun," he remarked. There has been no official announcement on whether George will be leaving the show, but viewers have recently taken to Twitter to comment on Ethan's recent storylines. Scully commented on the social media platform: "Love Ethan #Casualty Flashbacks have been brilliant... they've done loads lately #Loosewomen." Beckie added: "Can’t deny that I’m a bit besotted with Ethan." Ryan remarked: "I'm pleased that Ethan and Fenisha's parents have built bridges. Ethan gets to see Bodhi again which is lovely even if it is part-time." Tom wrote: "Ethan is one of the most down to earth people #casualty," so could there be heartbreak if Ethan does actually exit? Casualty continues tonight at 8:40pm on BBC One.