William Saliba is set for crunch talks with Arsenal chiefs in the summer when he returns from his loan at Marseille. There has been talk that the Frenchman could leave on a permanent basis if he is not promised the first-team football he craves. Arsenal loanee Saliba will seek showdown talks with the Gunners board at the end of the season when he makes his return from Ligue 1. The defender has spent the season on loan at Marseille, where he has become a star at the back. The French club are desperate to keep hold of the 21-year-old while he has yet to make a single appearance for Arsenal despite being signed back in the summer of 2019. They are set to make another attempt to sign Saliba this summer but will have to await a crucial meeting between the player and club. According to Football London, the centre-back's representatives are set to meet Arsenal technical director Edu in the coming weeks with Saliba's future set to be the discussed. The current squad at the Emirates does not offer a pathway to first-team football. Ben White was signed for £50million last summer from Brighton and has become a mainstay in the back-four while Gabriel is Arteta's favoured option due to the fact he is left-footed and is able to play out from the back. It means breaking that partnership looks a tall order for Saliba. It is likely that, with some form of European football on the way back to the Emirates, that the youngster could be used as a rotational option while also covering any serious injuries. There is also the possibility of converting to right-back. Saliba has played in that position at times this season for Marseille while Takehiro Tomiyasu has had injury troubles this season. Hector Bellerin and Ainsley Maitland-Niles, the other options at right-back, are expected to leave permanently this summer, while Cedric's future is also up in the air. But whether Saliba will want to take onboard that role remains to be seen when at Marseille, where he is enjoying himself, he is a fan favourite and one of the first names on the teamsheet. The defender recently made his debut for France as a result of his fine form and will not want to let that go. The former Saint-Etienne star will feel that he is deserving of a first-team position and will see anything else as a step back. He said recently: "They are often in contact with my agent. "They send me messages. They watch my matches. They tell me to continue like this. I haven't played much with the Gunners. The coach [Mikel Arteta] made his choices, that's life. I left on loan, I played matches and, thanks to my performances, I became a [senior] international."