Prime Minister Boris Johnson said, "Britain will never waver from supporting our friends" in a sign of the increased commitment to defending Ukraine. Mr Johnson highlighted the Nlaw and Javelin anti-tank systems and Starstreak anti-air missiles which the UK has already supplied to Ukraine, as well as protective helmets and body armour. But BBC Security Correspondent Frank Gardner said supplying Kyiv with anti-ship missiles could be a step too far. Speaking to BBC News, Mr Gardner said: "Boris Johnson has been suggesting that Britain should supply anti-ship missiles to help defend Odesa. "These are missiles that have a range of about 130km to hit or at least deter Russian warships from pounding Odesa from the sea. "I just wonder how President Putin is going to react. "If a British-made missile sunk a Russian warship that would be seen in probably Moscow as an act of war. READ MORE: Orban triumphs in Hungarian election after celebrating 'huge victory' "But then again he's called pretty much everything the West has done in this as an act of war so, he's already used that expression. "I think it's a dangerous time both for Ukraine in terms of surviving because their regular armed forces are at risk of being encircled in Donbas. "They will fight for every inch there but they could be heavily outnumbered. "And there is the risk of escalation in this conflict of NATO being drawn further into it. "If they start supplying big weapons platforms like tanks, warplanes, and anti-ship missiles then we're into a different paradigm and we don't know how Moscow is going to react." Mr Johnson said the discovery of mass graves in areas where Russian forces had withdrawn from around Kyiv was "sickening" and promised "we will not rest until justice is done". Foreign Secretary Liz Truss will meet Ukrainian counterpart Dmytro Kuleba in Warsaw on Monday ahead of key G7 and Nato talks later this week where she will push for tougher economic measures against "the Putin war machine". Ms Truss argues that weakening Russia's economy will help strengthen Ukraine's hand in peace negotiations with Moscow. DON'T MISS Germany backs down and REFUSES to cut energy ties with Russia [INSIGHT]Calls for Hungary to be stripped of EU seat mount as Orban wins vote [ANALYSIS]Putin taunted over Ukraine as US highlights Russia's failed war aims [VIDEO] She will hold talks with Polish counterpart Zbigniew Rau on Tuesday and has also pledged a £10 million civil society fund for Ukraine, including support for organisations dealing with sexual violence following reports of Russian forces using rape as a way to terrorise the civilian population. There has also been widespread international outrage about other atrocities, including possible mass executions carried out by Russian forces as areas around the capital, Kyiv, returned to Ukrainian control. The Prime Minister said: "The discovery of more mass graves outside Kyiv is sickening. "The UK will not stand by whilst this indiscriminate and unforgivable slaughter takes place. "We are working to ensure those responsible are held to account. We will not rest until justice is done."