If you're one of the millions who tune into TV via Freeview there's good news. The free-to-watch platform has announced that two new channels are arriving on this service in April which include That's Music and Talk TV. If your Freeview device has already updated itself automatically then you should find both of these channels in your programme guide with That's Music available on channel 237 and TalkTV appearing on channel 92. Freeview says that users should already be able to get their daily dose of classical tracks via That's Music with this update going live during the Easter break. Those wanting to watch TalkTV will have to wait a little longer as, although it's now showing in the telly planner, it won't actually begin broadcasting until April 25. Once live, this agenda-setting service will feature live chat and debate on all the latest news and will be hosted by stars including Piers Morgan and Sharon Osborne. TalkTV is also promising to bring viewers hourly news updates along with entertainment, sports, straight-talking opinions and world-class expert insight on news and current affairs. “Piers Morgan Uncensored at 8pm, will be our flagship prime time show - a fearless forum for lively and intelligent debate, big-name interviews and plenty of fun, fronted by one of the most outspoken and popular figures in international broadcasting," said News UK EVP, President of Broadcasting, Scott Taunton. "Ahead of that, The News Desk with Tom Newton Dunn will provide the news that matters to the UK, in a straight and balanced way. And, following Piers, Sharon Osbourne and a panel of famous faces will debate the issues of the day. It will be must-see TV and everyone in the UK will be able to tune in live or on-demand, either on their television or on any personal device.” TalkTV will also be available on Sky, Virgin Media and Freesat. News of these updates to Freeview come just a few after users were treated to the W channel which had previously only been available on premium platforms such as Sky. W, which is actually owned by UKTV, is promising a bunch of brand new shows including Alex Jones: Making Babies, Rochelle Humes: Interior Designer in the Making, Nurses on the Ward and Dating With My Mates. Plus there's all the usual content including Stacey Dooley Sleeps Over, MasterChef USA, Australia and Canada, and Inside the Ambulance. If you want to make sure your Freeview device is up-to-date with all the latest channels here's how to retune your device • Press menu on your box or TV remote control • Select ‘set-up’, ‘installation’, ‘update’ or a similar option. If you’re asked for a password, the default code is ‘1234’ or ‘0000’. • Select ‘first-time installation’ (sometimes called ‘factory reset’, ‘full retune’ or ‘default settings’). • Press ‘OK’ if your equipment asks if it's OK to delete existing channels and then your retune should start automatically. If you’re prompted to, save the channels that are found.