Sharon Osbourne, 69, previously presented on CBS’ The Talk, but left last year after an on-screen clash with co-host Sheryl Underwood. The outspoken personality defended her good friend Piers Morgan after his controversial comments on Meghan Markle, 40, which led to his departure from Good Morning Britain. After her on-air comments last year, CBS confirmed the mother-of-three would be leaving The Talk, and the show itself would go on a hiatus. It has now been confirmed that Sharon will be hosting her own show on Talk TV, alongside Piers, who is set to return to television with his show Uncensored on the same channel on Monday. He shared his thoughts on Sharon being axed from The Talk, telling The Sun’s TV Mag: “I’m particularly delighted about that, because Sharon got cancelled from her show The Talk in America after 10 years, a show that she loved and was the star of, because she tweeted her support for my right to have an opinion. “She didn’t even agree with the opinion, she just said I was entitled to it, which by the way I was.” READ MORE: Ulrika Jonsson's racy ‘nip slip’ landed her in trouble with daughter He added: “What happened to me was bad, what happened to Sharon was disgusting,” claiming she was “basically made unemployable” by the backlash. Since then Sharon has given a TV interview to Bill Maher where she told her side of the story. Piers expressed fears that anyone with a different opinion to Meghan, could now be at risk of ending their career early. He typed in his MailOnline column: “Sharon Osbourne has given her first TV interview since losing her job for defending me over the Meghan ‘Pinocchio’ Markle debacle. “Appearing on US chat star Bill Maher’s HBO show, she said she was ‘angry’ and ‘hurt’, and Maher – who like me is liberal but anti-woke – mocked the whole furore by saying: ‘Piers Morgan was called a racist and lost his job, and you were called a racist and lost your job. “‘Who’s the racist and why? This is what I’m trying to figure out. You have to agree with everything Meghan Markle says or you’re a racist? Is this the standard now?’” Piers, who left his six-year tenure at Good Morning Britain after receiving over 150,000 complaints to Ofcom for not “believing” Meghan’s comments, fumed: “Apparently so!” The former BGT judge had slammed the Duchess Of Sussex at the time of her interview airing on ITV last month, after she said a member of the Royal Family had expressed concerns about "how dark" her son Archie's skin would be, and that her pleas for help while suicidal had been ignored. DONT MISS:Peter Kay says he’s doing ‘great’ as he makes rare public appearance (PHOTOS)Rod Stewart’s neighbours fume council only fixed his potholed roads (NEWS)Ulrika Jonsson's racy ‘nip slip’ landed her in trouble with daughter (LATEST) Piers was later involved in an on-air row with GMB weatherman Alex Beresford over his comments, which led to the former walking off the show and his subsequent resignation. Sharon had rowed with her fellow presenters on the Talk when she was asked about Piers shortly after he made headlines for storming out of the television studio In facing questions about the former newspaper editor on The Talk, Sharon has since said she felt she was being “set up”. Her co-host Sheryl Underwood had asked Sharon: “What would you say to people who may feel that, while you’re standing by your friend, it appears that you gave validation or safe haven to something that he has uttered that is racist, even if you don’t agree?” A heated on-air debate followed in which Sharon responded: “I feel even like I’m about to be put in the electric chair because I have a friend who many people think is a racist so that makes me a racist.” The wife of Ozzy Osbourne has since apologised for any offence caused,  and also challenged Sheryl to provide evidence that Piers was racist. News UK’s new network, Talk TV launches on Monday, April 25, with both Piers and Sharon being given shows on the station.