EastEnders resident Linda Carter (played by Kellie Bright) hasn't had much luck lately as she struggles to battle her alcohol addiction while raising her newborn baby. Linda's alcoholism spiralled out of control when she saw her ex Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) grow close to Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks). Things were made worse when the pub landlady saw Janine behind the bar of her beloved Queen Vic. Despite Janine continually trying to make Linda jealous, the tables could soon end up turning in upcoming scenes. Earlier this week, Linda decided to try and get her life back on track and began working behind the bar again. Despite her family worrying about whether she will be able to cope with being surrounded by booze all day, Linda insists she can do it. During Wednesday night's instalment, Mick and Janine got the surprise of their lives when they saw Linda back at the pub. Seizing her opportunity, Janine decided to cause further drama as she attempted to make Linda jealous. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry "I can't believe that Nancy agreed that Linda should be working here," Janine said. Mick replied: "It was a bit of a shock, I am not going to lie." "Shock?" Janine raged. "It's a safeguarding issue, Mick. Linda working around alcohol and trying to parent Ollie. It is a recipe for disaster." "I will have a word with her later, let me do it," Mick argued back as Janine added: "If anything I feel sorry for her. "It can't be easy seeing me and you here together." However, Janine's plan to drive Linda out of the pub could soon backfire on her when the landlady and Mick share a moment together. When the pub owner tried to have a word with Linda about being around alcohol, she asked him whether it is because he would struggle to control himself around her. "You think it's a good idea coming back here to work?" he asked Linda. "Yeah," she simply replied as Mick continued: "Well, I am worried about it. "I am worried about you working with Janine, I am worried about the booze... you throw Ollie in the mix and it sounds like it's going to be a nightmare." DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC  [NEWS]Louis Theroux ex-wife: Star’s ‘marriage of convenience’ in New York [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [CAST] "You think I am bothered about Janine?" she asked. "As if... I need to work. It is my name above the door, I'm an excellent landlady and every inch the professional." "L...sorry," Mick awkwardly said before Linda teased: "Maybe it's you who can't trust yourself around me?" As Linda walked back into the bar she smiled at Janine before she continued to work. Is Linda right and will Mick be able to control himself working closely behind the bar with her? The pair were married for years and already share a daughter together so they could easily slip back into old habits. Towards the end of the episode, Janine added to the theory that she could soon get booted from the Queen Vic when she discussed her sex life with Mick. "What exactly did Linda say earlier?" she asked before Mick replied: "Yeah, she ain't having it, she is staying." "It's ridiculous," Janine raged as Mick added: "What do you want me to do? I can't force her out, Janine. "If we're all going to be working here together, you're going to have to tone it down a bit. "Meaning you have been going on like our holiday was Carry on Camping." As Janine told her love to lighten up, he raged: "Don't talk about our sex life." "Our sex life?" she hit back. "Because from what I remember we don't actually have one." Could Mick be pushed back into the arms of Linda, and will Janine end up leaving Walford following the rejection? EastEnders airs weekdays at 7.30pm on BBC One.