A lone T-64 tank was filmed firing several rounds at Russian vehicles just 50 miles outside Kyiv. The footage, taken from a drone, showed the Ukrainian tank taking on a convoy of Russian BTR-82A armoured vehicles on a road in Nova Basan, west of the capital. The well-positioned tank was able to set one Russian tank on fire before raining artillery down on further vehicles. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has called for fighter jets and tanks to help repel the Russian forces, but the plea has met some resistance from Nato allies hesitant of provoking a wider conflict. The leader accused Moscow of committing "real genocide", as he appeared visibly emotional, flanked by his soldiers and wearing a bullet-proof vest. Ihor Zhovkva, deputy head of the office of the President of Ukraine, said Mr Zelensky "will give all the evidence" to the international community at the Security Council meeting. "If these awful atrocities will not change the agenda of all the world, what will change?" the adviser asked on BBC Radio 4's Today programme. READ MORE: Kremlin directly explodes at UK with new announcement Mr Zhovkva said Ukraine needs "additional weapons", including tanks and missiles, to "liberate more cities" from Russia control. Dame Barbara Woodward, Britain's UN ambassador, called images coming from Bucha "harrowing, appalling, probable evidence of war crimes and possibly a genocide". She cited hundreds of bodies being dumped in the streets or in mass graves and allegations of rape. Also on Tuesday, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss will hold talks with her Polish counterpart, Zbigniew Rau, during the second day of her visit to the capital, Warsaw. She has called for Russia to be hit with the "maximum level" of sanctions and for more weapons to be supplied to Mr Zelensky's forces to help repel the Kremlin's troops. "The idea that we should wait for something else bad to happen is just completely wrong," she said, applying pressure to allies. "The reality is that money is still flowing from the West into Putin's war machine - and that has to stop." It comes as Boris Johnson, who spoke to Mr Zelensky over the weekend, used a video posted on social media to show his support for the country's efforts to resist the Russian invasion. DON'T MISS Putin's alleged daughter once hit out at reporter: ‘You know little’ [INSIGHT]EU cuts €4bn off Putin's war machine with ban on 'important revenue' [ANALYSIS]Putin 'won't stop at Ukraine' as Russia's neighbour fears next steps [VIDEO] He said: "All the tanks and guns in Vladimir Putin's arsenal will never break the spirit of Ukraine's people or conquer their homeland." Mr Johnson highlighted the Nlaw and Javelin anti-tank systems and Starstreak anti-air missiles which the UK has already supplied to Ukraine, as well as protective helmets and body armour. But in his talks with Mr Zelensky on Saturday he indicated there will be further help on offer. Mr Zelensky said there will be a "new package" of "very, very tangible support", while No 10 said the Prime Minister "committed to continue to step up defensive support". No 10 would not be drawn on exactly what could be provided but the Prime Minister's official spokesman said scenes over the weekend were "barbaric".