This means more ordinary middle income families are getting dragged into the IHT net as house and share prices rise, and the threat will grow thanks to Chancellor Rishi Sunak's five-year tax freeze. Families are being urged to fight back to protect their wealth from HM Revenue & Customs. The nil-rate inheritance tax threshold has now been frozen at £325,000 all the way through to 2026. By then, it will have been stuck at the same level for an astonishing 17 years, while the value of family assets will have spiralled in that time. The Treasury is already enjoying a massive windfall as a result. It collected an extra £700 million from IHT between April 2021 and February 2022. That is a massive 14 percent increase on the previous year, taking total receipts to £5.5 billion, with plenty more to come. In a multi-pronged stealth tax raid, Sunak has also frozen the income tax and capital gains tax thresholds, and the pensions lifetime allowance, until at least April 2026. Instead of rising by inflation at the start of the new tax year on April 6, they will stay the same. No wonder many are furious to see Sunak's wife Akshata Murty use her non-domicile status to save millions of pounds in UK tax on dividends paid by her family’s overseas business empire. Freezing tax bands is a form of stealth tax, because it increases the amount that HMRC can generate each year, without people realising it. Christine Cairns, personal tax expert at PwC UK, calculates that if the £325,000 IHT band had not been frozen but instead rose in line with inflation every year since 2009, it would stand at £478,078 from today. That is £153,078 higher and means that anything up to that amount could have been passed on tax free. Instead, a chunk of that wealth will get swallowed up by the punitive 40 percent inheritance tax rate. The dead person's grieving family could pay an extra £61,231 to HMRC due to the freeze. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak backlash grows – ‘I’m getting £2 extra pension' There is a further inheritance tax band, known as the nil-rate main residence threshold, which allows families to pass on £175,000 from the family home to children and grandchildren. However, Sunak has also frozen this IHT band until 2026, which will steadily erode its value too. Cairns said: “The IHT freeze is just one example of how more and more mid-to-lower income households will be pushed into paying more tax as prices rise.” Yet these stealth tax raids still pass under most people's radar. Many will not see that £153,078 as a "cut" to the IHT allowance, but in practice that’s what it is. And it will get worse as inflation rockets, with house prices jumping by 11 percent in the last year, Halifax reported yesterday, while the IHT threshold hasn’t shifted. DON'T MISS:10 ways to pay less inheritance tax to HMRC as more people hit by levy [EXPERT]State pension to rise £700 as triple lock is back - now fight for it [WARNING]Now tax-mad Sunak ‘fines’ Brits 55% for saving in pension [GUIDE] The average home is now worth £282,753 after jumping by a staggering £28,113 in a year. Over the two years since lockdown, the rise is £43,577. Yet the IHT bands have not shifted and that is not going to change for at least another four years, and possibly longer than that. Sunak isn’t the first Chancellor to use frozen allowances as a stealth tax, but he is lifted the art to new levels. Mike Hodges, tax partner and head of the Private Wealth Practice Group at Saffery Champness, said he is raising billions from taxpayers “on the quiet”. “The IHT freeze is, to all intents and purposes, a tax rise by another name. Combined with the continuing rise in property prices, the effect will be to drag more and more families, especially those of middle income, into the IHT net.” Hodges said those who are already liable to pay IHT will end up paying more, and urged families to slash their tax exposure now by careful gifting and planning.