US legal drama Bull became a huge success for CBS after the series first landed on the network in 2016. With the show currently in its sixth season, the most recent episode continued to enthral viewers as fans took to Twitter to praise the instalment.  Bull followed the professional life of Psychologist Dr Jason Bull (played by Michael Weatherly) and his employees at his jury consulting firm, Trail Analysis corporation (TAC). As a Psychologist and trial-science expert, he combined his skills to start his firm which sought the right jurors for his clients. He would also help his clients' lawyers decide which type of arguments were guaranteed to win over jurors, the best. As well as the intriguing storylines, viewers gained a huge insight into that line of work as the show was inspired by the early career of Phil McGraw who is best known as Dr Phil.  READ MORE: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview The insightful series returned to screens with its latest episode titled ‘The Other Shoe,’ which was praised highly by fans. The episode saw the team work together to help AUSA Reilly (Patrick Breen) take down one of the world’s most dangerous drug lords. However, as the lawyer once prosecuted Jason for jury tampering, their differing opinions and techniques meant they clashed a few times. This was seen when Reilly was hesitant about Jason’s style of working and wanted to go by the book instead.  Viewers watched as the DEA made a huge break in a case and was able to capture Danileo Kovalev (Lev Gorn), an international drug lord who had been wanted for years. However, despite the victory, they were faced with a huge obstacle after discovering the only witness to a Kovalev murder was a dirty cop whose testimony wouldn’t hold up in court. Refusing to give the cop immunity to testify, Reilly enlisted TAC who helped him find a witness. But problems ensued in court when the witness pretended to have memory loss and denied meeting Kovalev.  DON'T MISS...Charlene White suggests Harry's 'protection' remark aimed at Andrew [INSIGHT]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly speaks out on ‘great day’ from show [INSIGHT]Bull's Michael Weatherly shares regret at not bringing co-star back [INSIGHT] With these unexpected twists being one of the many things fans love about the series, they took to Twitter to share the excitement. @abpf91 who was live tweeting the episode wrote: “Great episode tonight you guys I will see you all next week.” An excited @Walksaaa added: “It was SOOOOOOOO GOOD!! One of my favourite episodes to date.” @Pattylipscomb shared: “It went by soooo FAST! Was Bullicious!”  Another fan, @MNewmanca62 remarked: “Another FaBULLous episode!” Thankfully for viewers Bull will return next week for another instalment of the legal drama with the episode titled ‘Opening up.’ This hints at a potentially personal, dramatic or emotional episode, which will see a CEO stand trial. The synopsis for the upcoming episode reads: “When Bull is sidelined with a back injury, Marissa and Chunk are forced to go to court without him to defend Marissa’s closest childhood friend, Kyla (Annika Boras), a tech CEO accused of wrongfully terminating an employee.” Bull is available in the US on CBS. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 