Kate Whistler (played by Tori Anderson) and Lucy Tara (Yasmine Al-Bustami) have had CBS viewers feeling a whole host of emotions throughout the first season of NCIS: Hawaii. After striking up a secret office romance, the pair’s relationship eventually fell apart just as Kate appeared to be opening up to going public when Lucy discovered her other half already had a secret partner in Washington. Lucy was left completely blindsided earlier this season when she arrived at Kate’s apartment to be greeted by Cara (Juliana Folk). “I didn’t know that she was coming,” Whistler protested but Lucy saw the bigger issue: “Well, I didn’t know she existed!” Kate tried to explain that she was under the impression Cara also felt their romance wasn’t working when they both lived in Washington - without explicitly splitting up with her. “And you didn’t break up with her?” Tara grilled but Kate continued to plead her case, admitting she had no idea Cara would turn up and still think they were an item. READ MORE: NCIS season 20: Fans fear for Gibbs’ future after 'concerning' clue Lucy eventually dealt the hammer blow that while she’s open to giving chances, Kate had ruled herself out of being one of them. The pair have continued to work closely since the revelation, with a few lingering glances hinting they may rekindle things soon. And now, a key inside clue could tease Whistler and Tara shippers will get their reunion. TV Line’s Matt Mitovich said in his Inside Line column: “I am hearing that the last three episodes of the season really lean into the Kate/Lucy storyline. “The exes will be forced to face their feelings for each other — as well as face the risk of losing each other. “By all accounts, one sequence in particular in the May 23 finale will have ‘shippers talking…” But what exactly could this finale sequence entail? Will it be the two finally leaning into their feelings for one another? Fans will have to wait to find out exactly what Matt’s tease means but in the meantime, the synopsis for episode 20 could shed more light. DON'T MISS: NCIS: Why did Muse Watson leave NCIS as Mike Franks?NCIS LA season 13 theory: Sam takes on LAPD in Roundtree revengeHow to watch all 19 seasons of NCIS online right now Titled Nightwatch and set to air on CBS in the USA on May 2, the plot line reads: ”When a navy seaman is involved in a murder, the NCIS team is called to work the case on their day off. “Also, Lucy finds out Whistler turned down a promotion in DC to stay in Hawaii.” This sounds like it’ll be a very big step in Kate’s attempts to win Tara back around. After all, with Cara presumably back in DC, this is a real sign of intent that Whistler only has eyes for Lucy. There will be just a handful of episodes to go after Whistler decides to stay in Hawaii. And the fallout of the decision will undoubtedly take centre stage away from the drama the likes of Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) faces in the field. So with NCIS Hawaii season two already confirmed, will it begin with a Whistler and Tara romance intact? NCIS: Hawaii continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.