Emma Raducanu has detailed the damage she has sustained to her feet after intense clay court training. She has never played on the surface before, but that will change this weekend when she represents her country in the Billie Jean King Cup. As British number one, she will be key to her team's hopes of success against the Czech Republic. But a big stumbling block might be her lack of experience on this surface – her last match on clay was in 2018, when she took part in the junior French Open. Raducanu has been working hard to get up to speed with some intense training on clay in preparation for her debut. However, as she revealed this week, putting in so much time and effort has taken its toll. "I have no toenails. It's just my foot, my shoes, they've just been sliding around a lot," she said. Playing with such discomfort will not be ideal, especially considering the Brits are already very much up against the odds. JUST IN: Raducanu 'ready to embrace position' and lead British team to success British tennis bosses have never really invested in clay court training, which goes a long way to explain why athletes from this country have struggled for success. By comparison, the Czechs are among the leading nations in the world when it comes to women's tennis. They are affected by injuries, but can still call on two top 50 players for this competition. World number 32 Marketa Vondrousova lost to Raducanu at Wimbledon last year, but is strong on clay and reached the French Open final in 2019, while Tereza Martincova, ranked 50th, is no novice either. Raducanu has been working with Italian coach Ricardo Piatti while her regular trainer Torben Beltz is on holiday. Explaining the situation, she said: "Torben had been travelling for weeks and weeks and he went on holiday with his kids, so I thought I might as well take the opportunity to go to Italy in and spend some more time on the dirt. It was just a good experience to see how other places operate." DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic mistake highlighted by coach Goran IvanisevicRafael Nadal warned Djokovic will 'be ready' for French OpenHarriet Dart backed for breakthrough year after 'huge milestone' Despite her lack of experience on the surface, Raducanu feels she has learned a lot through her intense training regime and has enjoyed it. Other players, like men's number 36 Alexander Bublik, have expressed their deep dislike for playing on clay, which can be a divisive subject. The Briton added: "I feel like I do like sliding, and once I time it right and spend more time on clay I'm sure this could be a really good surface for me. I feel like I have got a lot more potential physically. I'll learn more about it over time. I feel like I can really use it and play aggressive whilst also being able to move well." Harriet Dart is first up for Great Britain on Friday as she takes on Vondrousova, before Raducanu faces Martincova later in the day. On Saturday they will switch and play the other opponent, before the doubles gets under way. The winners will be guaranteed a place in the finals even later this year. 