One of the symptoms is extreme tiredness. Other symptoms include:• A dull or aching pain in the top right of the tummy• Unexplained weight loss• Weakness. If NAFLD isn’t treated cirrhosis of the liver can develop resulting in jaundice, itchy skin, swelling of the legs, ankles, feet, or tummy. READ MORE: Arthritis: Regular tea consumption reduces risk  There are a number of factors that can increase a person’s risk of developing NAFLD including if someone is obese, has type two diabetes, a condition that affects how the body uses insulin, or insulin resistance. Other risk factors include:• An underactive thyroid• High blood pressure• High cholesterol• Metabolic syndrome (combination of diabetes, high blood pressure, and obesity)• If a person is over the age of 50• Smoking.  Once a person is diagnosed with NAFLD, there are several treatments and changes that person can make in order to improve their condition. While there is no NAFLD specific medication available, treatment is available for conditions associated with the condition such as high blood pressure, diabetes, and cholesterol. Furthermore, medicines may also be prescribed to treat these conditions as well as encouraging the patient to lose weight and adopt healthier lifestyle choices. The reason for this is because NAFLD often occurs in people who are overweight or obese. If a patient has developed severe cirrhosis of the liver they may require a liver transplant. Instead of the whole liver being transplanted, only a part of the liver may require to be swapped out; this is because the liver can regenerate. Although NAFLD isn’t caused by alcohol the NHS says: “Drinking may make it worse. It’s therefore advisable to cut down or stop drinking alcohol.” Meanwhile, a new study has found even a small amount of alcohol can affect overall heart health. Published in JAMA, the study concluded: “Alcohol consumption of all amounts was associated with increased cardiovascular risk but marked risk differences exist across levels of intake.” As a result, the more alcohol a person consumes the higher their risk of cardiovascular disease. The NHS recommends a person consumes no more than 14 units of alcohol per week, the equivalent of six pints of medium strength beer. Alcohol Change has a unit calculator, the link to this calculator can be found here.