Kate has been tipped to be the next Colonel of the Grenadier Guards, making her the first female colonel of the regiment in 80 years. The Queen held the role in 1942 - making her the last female to hold the title. A senior royal source confirmed that the move is being "seriously considered". This comes after Prince Andrew was stripped of all his military titles in January this year. A royal source told Reuters Andrew would no longer use the title 'His Royal Highness' in any official capacity and his other roles would be distributed among other members of the Royal family. The source said they would not return to Andrew. The Duke of York had served as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards since 2017, taking over the role from the Duke of Edinburgh. Prince Philip had held the role since 1975. After Prince Andrew was stripped of his titles, the Queen took the role back by default. The Duchess of Cambridge has also been lined up to stand in for the Queen at the Sovereign's Parade, taking place at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst. In January, it was claimed that senior members of the Grenadier Guards were lobbying for the Duchess of Cambridge to take on the role. READ MORE: Queen strips Prince Andrew of ALL royal and military titles A senior member of the regiment told The Sunday Times: "From straw polling through the ranks, they would all love it to be Kate. "We all admire the way she has fitted in and behaved, she never seems to put a foot wrong. "Everything she has taken on she really commits to, and we want someone who will really engage with us." Responding to the news that Andrew had been stripped of the title, the Grenadier Guards gave "three cheers" for the Queen. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle ‘doing all she can’ to undermine Queen claim [INSIGHT] 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed [REVEAL] Kate dazzles as Duchess arrives at Easter Sunday service with William [PICTURES] In an email sent to all troops, Lieutenant General Walker said: "I am sure you will offer a personal ‘Three Cheers’ for the colonel, an appointment she first held in 1942, 80 years to the day on February 24 this year." The regiment, founded in 1656 by Charles II, has fought in almost every single major campaign of the British Army, including the Napoleonic, Crimean, Boer, First and Second World Wars. In February this year, Kate was also made patron of the Royal Rugby Football Union (RFU) and Rugby Football League (RFL). This came after Prince Harry was forced to relinquish his patronages after he stepped down as a senior member of the Royal Family. He held the patronage between 2016 and 2021. The move made the Duchess of Cambridge the first member of the Royal Family to have been passed on patronages previously held by Harry and Meghan.