Traditionally, the Easter period involves families coming together to celebrate some time off with plenty of chocolate and bubbles. As the Easter weekend involves several bank holidays many businesses will have slightly different opening times, including supermarkets. So, when exactly do you need to make time for getting your food shop in? The good news for Brits is that Lidl will be open on Good Friday despite it being classed as a bank holiday. Branches of the retailer will be open between 8am and 10pm. Lidl will also be open for the same period during both Saturday and Easter Monday, though it will be closed on Easter Sunday. According to the supermarket’s website its Scottish stores will stay open during the Easter break as unlike in England and Wales there are no trading restrictions in Scotland.  READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans on how to remove tap limescale with 2p coin Like Lidl, Aldi will be welcoming customers as usual on Good Friday, between 8am and 10pm. The only difference in its opening times falls on Easter Monday, where shops will close two hours earlier at 8pm. As is the case with every other food retailer Aldi will be awarding its staff with a well deserved day off on Easter Sunday.  Sainsbury’s opening hours for the Easter period are as follows: For Sainsbury’s, opening times may vary somewhat depending on your local store. You can check their store locator app to find out what time any branches near to you are open. DON'T MISS: Kill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water [INSIGHT]‘Perfect time’ to eradicate moss from lawns - how to ‘kill it’ [EXPLAINED]M25 rush hour HELL: Drivers face one hour delays after oil spill [NEWS] Retail laws for large shops in England and Wales state they must close on Easter Sunday every year. The same ruling applies for Christmas Day. The legislation also stipulates that shops over 280 square metres can open on Sundays but only for six consecutive hours between 10am and 6pm. On the other hand, small shops in England and Wales can open any day or hour. According to the Government, a small shop is one that measures up to and including 280 square metres.  Retailers which are exempt from the Sunday trading restrictions for large shops include: 