Russian state TV: host Vladimir Solovyov stated that Western countries do not have enough weapons to protect themselves in such an event. Mr Solovyov claimed that the war in Ukraine was entering a new phase as Ukrainians were speaking to NATO and getting help from them. Russian President Vladimir Putin has continued to threaten NATO countries with nuclear action if they involve themselves in the war by putting boots on the ground. The Russian state media host then went on to push the Kremlin line on denazifying Ukraine and explained that other NATO countries will get the same treatment, along with the wider world and he believes a war against Europe is beginning to develop.  Mr Solovyov said: "I believe the special military operation is entering a new stage. "Ukrainians alone are no longer enough, now they're talking about NATO countries supplying de-facto their own weapons. "We'll see not only NATO's weapons being drawn into this but also their operations de-facto. "We're starting to wage war against NATO countries, we'll be grinding up NATO's war machine. JUST IN: 'Going to wreck people's lives' Livid commuter hits out at rail union chief over strike Mr Solovyov added: "As well as citizens of NATO countries when the operation concludes, NATO will have to ask itself: do we have what we need to defend ourselves? "Do we have the people to defend ourselves, and there will be no mercy. "Not only Ukraine will be denazified, but the war against Europe and the world is also developing a more specific outline. "Which means we'll have to act differently and to act much more harshly." READ MORE: Macron delivered hammer blow as poll finds Le Pen 'more in tune with daily issues' Many military experts have been questioning if the West are ready for a war with Russia, due to threats coming from the Kremlin against NATO-aligned countries. General Sir Richard Barrons has warned that the West is not prepared for that type of Russian onslaught. Sir Barrons said: “The second aspect would be if whatever happens in Ukraine causes President Putin to escalate it for his own purposes into other parts of NATO. “Then it’s a very much easier question because we will be dealing with a breach of Article 5 [NATO’s mutual defence pact]." Sir Barrons added: “My overall concern in answering that question is that the main reason we are keen to avoid a war between Russia and NATO is that NATO isn’t ready. “And we should be ashamed of that.” Defence experts have also been warning that  Russia resorting to using nuclear action is now more possible than before. Military expert and Air Marshal Edward Stringer, a former RAF chief, told LBC Radio that nuclear war is "no longer unthinkable." Mr Stringer added: "It's in the realms of possibility, and that's what people have to get their heads around."  