Dillian Whyte, 34, will be taking to the ring this evening to fight Tyson Fury, 33, in an all-British heavyweight world title fight. The boxer keeps his life very private along with his relationship with bodybuilder Carolina Pasquali along with her variety of talents. Carolina has a life in the sporting world with her brother Tiziano Pasquali playing for the Italian Rugby Team. She herself loves her fitness as she takes to her Instagram to share a variety of workout pictures. The social media personality regularly shares pictures of her enviable toned physique along with pictures of her young son she shares with Dillian. Carolina also takes to show off her stunning hidden talent, as she shares incredible paintings. READ MORE: Michael Bublé says he and wife almost ended their marriage She uses her Instagram page to promote her paintings, asking her followers to message her privately if they wanted a portrait. In a post dated August 10, 2020, Carolina posted a picture of herself posing with a customised tiger painting. She captioned the post in view of her 7,404 followers: "Never lose sight of your goals... We all fall in life, the question is who gets back up. "Second tiger, ready to be delivered to the USA, actually enjoyed reproducing this piece. "DM me for art enquiries." Many social media users took to the post's comments to compliment Carolina's amazing work. Ys_fitness1 said: "Wish I was super talented! Keep up the good work!" Sean_es_mi_nombre added: "My wall is ready!" (sic) Carolina does not post many pictures of her relationship, with her last picture of the couple going up on Instagram in 2018. DON'T MISS... James Martin shut down marriage plans with girlfriend [RELATIONSHIP] Midsomer Murders’ Annette admits ‘naughty’ temptation as Fleur Perkins [COMMENT] Ronnie O’Sullivan’s mum ‘branded ex-fiancee Laila Rouass prostitute’ [INSIGHT] Dillian, similarly, uses his Instagram primarily to promote his boxing career in view of his 482,000 followers. The boxer dithered and hesitated when signing the contract to fight Tyson, despite having to wait for his entire career for an opportunity to fight for the world title. Although he did not jump at the opportunity, he signed the contract minutes before the deadline. Excitement for the match has been at extreme levels due to Dillian not participating in news conferences or promotional events until fight week. Tyson has won 31 bouts, with 22 knockouts and drawn one as a professional. Dillian however, has won 28, with 19 stoppages, but has twice tasted defeat. After years of social media back and forth, it was expected that tempers may flare but Tyson and Dillian, surprisingly, shared a great deal of mutual respect. About Dillian, Tyson said: "He's a decent bloke. A decent fella and he's got good morals. "I'm not going to sit here and slate the fella because I've got nothing to slate him on."