The basic amount of Working Tax Credit is £2,070 with additional amounts added depending on someones circumstances. Roughly seven million Britons already receive this, with some receiving over £3,000 with the add ons. The rate of Working Tax Credit one receives depends largely on their circumstances and income. However, a change in circumstances could also change this rate such as starting or stopping work or if one’s partner dies. The benefit is paid directly into Britons’ bank or building society account every week of every four weeks. Usually, claimants will be paid from the date that they successfully claim until the end of the current tax year.  As the 2021 to 2022 tax year ended this week, eligible Britons could claim now to receive the benefit until the current tax year ends on April 5, 2023. While the basic amount pays up to £2,070, Britons working at least 30 hours a week will receive up to £860 per year. Single parents and couples applying together can receive up to £2,125. People with a disability can receive the highest rate of £3,345 and those with a severe disability can add an additional £1,445 on top of this rate.    Britons paying for approved childcare that takes place in-person can receive up to £122.50 for one child or £210 for two or more children per week. Britons will only be eligible for Working Tax Credit if they already receive Child Tax Credit. It should also be noted that people who cannot apply for this benefit could look towards Universal Credit or Pension Credit instead, depending on their age. People aged between 25 and 59 must be working at least 30 hours per week to be eligible. Britons working 16 hours per week could be eligible if they are: Couples with one or more children will usually need at least 24 hours between the two adults, with at least one working a minimum of 16 hours. In this case, a child is classified as someone under the age of 16, or under the age of 20 if they are in approved education or training. For couples with children there are some exceptions if they do not work a combined 24 hours. If at least one of the adults works 16 hours per week and is disabled, aged 60 or over or their partner is incapacitated due to disability or ill health. As part of the eligibility criteria, in this situation ‘work’ is categorised as: In order for self-employed Britons to be eligible their work must have plans to make a profit and be commercial, regular and organised. Additionally, they must work regularly, keep business records and follow regulations that apply to their work such as licencing or insurance.