As the ex-wife of the heir to the throne, Diana would have reconciled her differences with Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles, whom she famously described as the third person in their doomed marriage. However Diana and Camilla were unlikely to have ever become great friends, but simply acquaintances. That is the insight from royal author Stewart Pearce. Pearce, one of the Princess Of Wales's closest friends in her final years, reckons that bitter rivalry and tension between the two high profile women in the mid 90s would have eased. He added even Camilla's future role alongside Charles would not be an issue as Diana was "in touch with a position of her own power". The Queen had announced earlier this year that Camilla would become Queen Consort when Charles becomes King. Pearce, Diana's "voice and presence" coach said: "I am sure that Diana would be in full support of it. "She would have had 26 years of living with the idea of separation." He added: "At the very core of Diana's being, she was one of the most generous, one of the most kind, one of the most gracious people I've ever met. "Measuring the way that Camilla has been over the last 25 years, and particularly over the last 17 years in relationship with Charles... I feel that she has been extraordinary in the role that she's performed. "She's taken it almost like a duck to water, obviously she's had the unbelievable support of the Queen, her husband and, when he was alive, Prince Philip."  Asked if the women would have become friends, Pearce responded: "I am sure they would regard one another with great interest and great curiosity. But, of course, they are very, very different women." He added: "They would not be the greatest of friends." Pearce believes that Camilla's humour is an asset in her marriage. "The one thing about Camilla that I always love is her humour. She's actually very, very funny. "And so, she's able to dislodge any of the hypersensitivity that exists in her husband." Diana met with Pearce, who authored bestselling book Diana The Voice of Change, under strict confidentiality, perfecting her voice, poise and expression. The veteran voice coach also trained Margaret Thatcher. 