Rafael Nadal has been hailed for continuing to fight through injuries days after being told he made a mistake by playing Indian Wells. The world No 3 picked up a rib injury during his semi-final against Carlos Alcaraz that has sidelined him for four to six weeks. Nadal started the season by winning three titles - including a record 21st Grand Slam - and his first 20 matches in a row. His last victory came against Alcaraz in Indian Wells when the 35-year-old ended up with a stress fracture in his rib, something he didn't find out until after he had played and lost his final to Taylor Fritz the following day. The Spaniard was criticised for playing Indian Wells by seven-time Major champion Mats Wilander, who admitted Nadal paid the price for competing in Indian Wells instead of resting up for the clay season after his title win in Acapulco. "I thought, after he won Acapulco, beating Danill Medvedev again, that he would take free time and skip Indian Wells and Miami, that he would take a month off for the clay court season. I think he put too much strain on his body, but Rafa Nadal loves tennis so much and to compete, he felt good, he left and ran to the maximum," he told Eurosport. The man known as the 'King of Clay' will now be forced to miss the first two events of the clay swing - the Monte Carlo Masters and Barcelona ATP 500 - as he recovers from his rib injury, but a seasoned tennis coach has admitted he "admires" Nadal for pushing on through injuries despite Wilander believing it was the wrong move in Indian Wells. JUST IN: Djokovic 'admired' for sticking to vaccine stance amid controversy  Rob Steckley, the former coach of Denis Shapovalov, admitted he and the world No 14 used to marvel at Nadal's ability to keep on fighting. "Nadal, that guy. He seems like he's falling apart but he just never leaves us," the Canadian tennis coach told the Match Point Canada podcast. "When I was coaching Denis, we'd always talk about when that guy was ever gonna leave tennis." Before picking up a stress fracture in his rib, Nadal was forced to miss the back-end of the 2021 season with a chronic foot problem, undergoing a medical procedure. He then won his first 20 matches after a six-month injury layoff and his second Australian Open crown, 13 years on from the first. Steckley said the Spaniard had nothing left to prove after reaching the all-time record of 21 Major titles for a male singles player but heralded his ability to keep finding the desire to compete. DON'T MISSMedvedev praised 'strong' Osaka before tearful return to big finalUkrainian tennis star 'ignored' by Russians as mum 'teased' by bombsCarlos Alcaraz may follow in Djokovic and Nadal's footsteps "And he's that guy that literally, there is nothing else for that guy you know. He's got the most money in the world, he's got everything," the 42-year-old added. "And still, that guy will, even with one leg, he's still gonna try to compete and do what he does, so that's also admirable and courageous." The good news for Nadal is that he looks set to be on the road to recovery from his latest injury already after being spotted in the gym of his own Rafa Nadal Academy just seven days after announcing his new injury. His doctor also shared their hopes to shorten the time frame for recovery though admitted four to six weeks was the most realistic.