Piers Morgan, 57, sent his heartfelt condolences to Cristiano Ronaldo, 37, after he announced that his baby boy has died. His partner Georgina Rodriguez, 28, gave birth to a twin boy and girl, but only their daughter survived. The Manchester United player confirmed the sad news in a statement on Instagram this evening. Ronaldo wrote: “It is with our deepest sadness we have to announce that our baby boy has passed away. It is the greatest pain that any parents can feel. “Only the birth of our baby girl gives us the strength to live this moment with some hope and happiness. We would like to thank the doctors and nurses for all their expert care and support. “We are all devastated at this loss and we kindly ask for privacy at this very difficult time. READ MORE... Queer Eye star blasts royal who 'asked Harry about baby's skin colour'  “Our baby boy, you are our angel. We will always love you.”  Piers reposted Ronaldo’s statement to his 7.9 million Twitter followers.  The emotional journalist then wrote: “Desperately sad news,” along with a crying emoji.  He also commented on Ronaldo’s Instagram post, saying: “Heartbreaking news. My deepest condolences to you and all your family.”  Thousands of Ronaldo’s fans and loved ones have also shared their commiserations after hearing the devastating news. The official Instagram for Manchester United said: “Your pain is our pain. Sending love and strength to you and the family at this time.” His Portuguese teammate Edinho Silva wrote: “My feelings brother. Big hug.” Jamaican sprinter Yohan Blake echoed: “So sorry my friend.” DON'T MISS:Stacey Solomon on 'harsh reality' at home after Joe Swash 'loses it' [VIDEO]Monty Don talks gardening duties as wife steps in [COMMENT]George Alagiah leaves fans tearful at BBC return amid cancer battle [HEALTH UPDATE] And YouTuber Mark Goldbridge penned: “So sad to hear this.” Cristiano and Georgina announced they were expecting twins in October last year and revealed it was a boy and a girl in December. The couple had their first daughter, Alana Martina, in 2017. Ronaldo is also father to son, Cristiano Jr, 12, and twins Eva and Mateo, five. Last month, Georgina shared a series of snaps of her twins’ nursery as she prepared for the birth. The room was adorned with two Moses baskets, cots and highchairs. A few days earlier, the model posted a gushing tribute to Ronaldo as the family celebrated Father’s Day in Portugal. Alongside a photograph of the footballer playing in the pool with the children, Georgina wrote: “Every day by your side is happy and special. “We love you infinitely. Thank you so much to the best father in the world.”