  Rylan Clark has explained how he and Alan Carr are helping each other through their respective divorces. Rylan, who split from husband Dan Neal last year, admitted he couldn’t wait to “wingman” his pal Alan.      Comedian Alan, 45, announced at the beginning of this year he and husband Paul Drayton planned to divorce. Rylan, 33, went through a similarly public split with husband Dan last June. On a happier note, Rylan has since shared he has offered to take Chatty Man Alan on a night out when the pair feel ready to find new romance. He said: “Alan and I know each other very well, we’ve both discussed what we’ve been going through as it’s a similar situation. READ MORE: David Beckham holds Victoria’s hand as they watch son Brooklyn wed      “It’s actually quite nice to have a chat with someone who knows what it’s like.” Alan and Paul’s split back in January came after three years of marriage and 13 years together. Meanwhile, Rylan and Dan also called it quits after six years as husbands, which caused the former to step away from the spotlight for several months. Now, it seems like Alan and Rylan appear to have each other’s backs as they attempt to navigate newly-single life together.      Rylan said: “I can’t wait to take Alan on a night out to wingman him. “I think he’d like to get buff too - he was feeling up my new muscles, left right and centre,” he added in his interview with the Sun. Express.co.uk have contacted Rylan and Alan’s representatives for comment. Radio 2 DJ Rylan met husband Dan through Celebrity Big Brother back in 2013. READ MORE... Will Smith's 10-year ban already wrecking A-list career [INSIGHT] Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer [INSIGHT] Brooklyn Beckham's star-studded £3m wedding with heiress Nicola Peltz [NEWS]      In an interview with Express.co.uk this week, Rylan admitted being under the spotlight has sometimes been tough on his mental health - especially at the time of his split from Dan. At that time, the star admitted he had become very ill and lost weight, retreating from public life for months due to his mental health struggles. Speaking about his knack for being open with the public, Rylan said: “I think that's part of why I'm still here 10 years on. “I've always been honest. I've been honest with the public, I've been honest with my family, I’ve been honest with my relationship.      “I have had a lot of support from the public,” he added. “It was also one of the things that contributed to me not feeling great, being who I was, and then being put in a position to say something that wasn't necessarily true, being so ill." Since then, Rylan has been on the mend and said he is now feeling “ready” for what his future holds. The star recently announced that he would be releasing a new book, Ten, to celebrate a decade of working in the showbiz industry.    