Brooklyn Beckham, 23, and his wife Nicola Peltz, 27, tied the knot in a lavish ceremony after enjoying a £3 million wedding celebration at a £76 million ocean-front villa in Palm Beach. The newlyweds have since taken to Instagram and shared their devastation over the war in Ukraine and issued an urgent plea. The couple explained that they did not want wedding gifts and instead asked guests and fans to donate to the crisis in Ukraine. Taking to Instagram stories, David and Victoria Beckham's eldest son shared a candid message in view of his 13.7 million followers. Brooklyn addressed his father-in-law, Nelson Peltz, who made an emotional speech during the ceremony. The budding chef wrote: "Nelson spoke about this in his speech at our wedding. READ MORE: Game of Thrones actor Joseph Gatt arrested for sexual chats with minor "Nic and I are devastated about what is going on in Ukraine and have asked for donations to @careorg in lieu of wedding gifts. "Our link is below. Anything helps." Nicola also shared the same post in view of her 2.6 million followers. "My dad spoke about this in his speech at our wedding… B and I are devastated about what is going on in Ukraine and have asked for donations to @Careorg in lieu of wedding gifts," the newlywed wrote.  Nicola then shared a link especially created for their wedding. "Join Brooklyn and Nicola Peltz Beckham in providing life-saving aid to Ukrainians in need," the title of the page reads. It continues: "Please consider making a donation in our names to help fund CARE's mission to save lives, defeat poverty, and advance social justice." Donations on the page range from $250-$10,000, although guests can also input their own amount. Brooklyn and Nicola's request is similar to royals such as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex who sent their guests a list of charities to support after they tied the knot. DON'T MISS... Johnny Deep laughs in court as friend praises Amber Heard's teeth[LATEST]Victoria Beckham dressed celeb pals at Brooklyn's wedding[PICTURES]Danni Menzies reignites row with viewer over 'hooker outfit' swipe[INSTAGRAM] Kate and William supported 26 different charities with their wedding list, while Meghan and Harry asked for monetary donations for seven different charities when they tied the knot in 2018. Meanwhile, Brooklyn and Nicola's wedding day was a three-day affair that included a number of famous celebrity pals attending the ceremony. The couple kicked off the festivities with dinner on Friday followed by a reception at Nelson's £76 million Palm Beach mansion. It concluded with a post-wedding brunch which was held on Sunday. Since the wedding, the Transformers star has been continuing the celebrations with a trio of female friends - her best pal Angela, her PR rep Alex Shack and her stylist Leslie Fremar. Name-checking her dream team on Instagram, she posted a photo of the three clutching huge bouquets of flowers and described them as her "queens". "My crew, my idols, my icons," she continued. "I am so lucky to have you girls by my side." However, all eyes have been on the new diamond ring, which replaced the emerald-cut jewel she had been flashing on her finger ever since her 2020 engagement.