Richard Ecclestone, the Extinction Rebellion Police Liaison Officer, discussed recent protests by XR where people have glued themselves down. He was forced to defend the actions after Mr Castle said he was not allowed in the studio. Mr Castle said: "We can't have you in the studio because you might glue your head to the desk or something stupid." Mr Ecclestone replied: "I don't think so that's not my bag." The LBC host continued: "But people are doing these sorts of things. "People are going to get injured, potentially there could be a loss of life here. "This is the power of people's belief, isn't it?" READ MORE: PICTURED: French warship spotted sailing away from UK harbour The protester added: "It's not so much belief, it's about the irrefutable scientific facts that are before us right now. "People feel they must do what they can to highlight these issues to the Government and to the businesses who are contributing to these issues, these problems. "Sometimes our methods might seem a little bit odd to those sitting at home. "However, we really have to do all we can and what we're asking is for others to step up too." It comes as the two people have scaled a London landmark to hang a banner as protests against fossil fuels continued for a seventh day. A man and a woman climbed up two pillars on Marble Arch in central London to hoist a green banner, which was about 10 metres wide and read "End fossil fuels now", shortly before 6pm on Saturday. By 9pm, 40 people had been arrested at the demonstration by campaign group Extinction Rebellion. The action came after protesters had gathered in Hyde Park earlier in the day and paraded through the capital's streets. DON'T MISS Radio host dismantles Just Stop Oil and XR's eco-disruption tactics [VIDEO]Extinction Rebellion block four London bridges in latest mass protest [INSIGHT]Britons lose patience with eco-extremists [ANALYSIS] The protesters waved flags, set off orange flares and danced in the street while music played on speakers. Soon afterwards they settled in the road next to Marble Arch. A group of eight activists later locked themselves on to a car in the road, while two glued themselves to the roof. The woman who scaled the arch spoke to police surrounding her on the ground below. She said: "Are you going to arrest me? There's been no criminal damage. "I think you should let me go."