The lovestruck motorist who was pulled over on Easter Sunday explained to officers he was on his way to see his girlfriend. A Thames Valley Police spokesperson quipped: "The motorist stopped doing 102mph was driving to see his girlfriend and said love made him do it. "Rock legend Meatloaf: 'I would do anything thing for love, but I just won’t do that!' (Speeding?). Reported straight to Court." According to the force, other drivers were stopped for speeding at 91mph, 90mph and 89mph. Two more were stopped for careless driving after undertaking at speed with one motorist found to be "not in proper control of their vehicle", according to BuckinghamshireLive. Meanwhile after an unrelated incident, Thames Valley Police is appealing for witnesses after three teenage girls suffered serious injuries in a crash on the H3 Monks Way by Linford Wood, Milton Keynes.  A black Mercedes E Class was travelling towards the V7 Saxon Street when it collided with the three girls at about 5.29pm on Saturday. The three girls suffered serious injuries with two taken to Milton Keynes University hospital and the third rushed to John Radcliffe hospital in Oxford. They are all from Milton Keynes, according to the police. The Mercedes driver remained at the scene and did not need hospital treatment.  READ MORE ABOUT THE QUEEN SURPRISING STAFF IN LOCKDOWN Investigating officer, PC Christopher Ruvolo-Jones of the Joint Operations Roads Policing Unit, based at Milton Keynes, said: "We are appealing for witnesses following this collision. "We would like to talk to anyone who may have witnessed this collision or seen the pedestrian’s prior to entering the H3 Monk’s Way dual carriageway. "Additionally if anyone was travelling on the dual carriageway around the time of the incident and has a dash-cam we would ask them to check their footage and get in touch if it shows anything which maybe of assistance to our investigation." Call Thames Valley Police on 101 quoting reference 1555 16/04/2022.  DON'T MISS: Covid hotspots mapped: 12 UK counties reporting staggering case levels [REVEALED] Park boss hires 5 chefs from India over staff crisis [REPORT] Brexit Britain leads the way as number of non-EU migrants soars [LATEST] Saturday's crash came two days after a man died in a crash on the A33 in Reading. A red Kawasaki motorcycle collided with cars on the A33 southbound carriageway close to the junction with Rose Kiln Lane at about 7.25pm last Thursday.  The motorcyclist, a 42-year-old man from Reading, died as a result of his injuries. Police have informed his next of kin who Thames Valley Police said are being supported by specially trained officers. Investigating Officer PC Gareth Miles of The Joint Operations Roads Policing Unit said: "This collision occurred at a time when the A33 was quite busy. "I would appeal to any motorists we have not already spoken to or drivers with dash cam that may have seen the motorcycle prior to the collision to please contact us."  Anyone who has information or dash cam footage can make a report by calling 101 quoting reference 43220161464. Additional reporting by Tom Burnett 