Cruise holidays are firmly back on the agenda after a difficult pandemic. But what should holidaymakers pack for a cruise holiday? Emily Norris, The Family Packer, shared her top tricks and tips to avoid a packing disaster with Express.co.uk. She said: “Jewellery can be a tricky thing to pack! A great hack is to store your jewellery in a hard sunglasses case or a pill organiser box to separate them. “Thread necklaces through straws to keep them from tangling.” Necklaces can be a nightmare to pack and often become tangled when they’re in a holiday suitcase. Threading jewellery through straws could save tourists from spending an afternoon untangling their valuables. READ MORE: How most expensive cruise ensures 'perfect' bananas on 12-day trip While it’s tempting to bring expensive jewellery for a formal cruise, holidaymakers should avoid wearing it on excursions. Cruise passengers can be targets for thieves at ports and jewellery could attract unwanted attention. One option is to pack cheap costume jewellery rather than the most valuable items. Passengers can also use safes which are included in many cruise cabins. Emily added: “Sun hats are so easily squashed inside suitcases! To avoid this, pack the head of your sun hat tightly with clothes so that it keeps its shape.” A stylish sun hat can make or break a holiday outfit so make sure it stays on top form by packing it among clothes. Emily told Express.co.uk: “Mini products are cute but they are more expensive and not great for the environment, especially when you’re packing for the whole family. “Decant your and your family’s favourite products into mini reusable containers so that you can travel with everything you need.” Mini products are nearly always more expensive than full size and also have a cost on the environment. Decanting products could save cruise holidaymakers some extra cash to spend on vacation treats. Another option is to take a bar of soap instead of mini shower gels. A soap will easily pass through security and can be kept safe in a soap case. Emily added: “Sort out your and your family’s heaviest items so you can pack them at the bottom of your suitcase. “This will help to distribute the weight, making it easier to pull and stopping it from falling over!” She added: “When we go on a holiday with no laundry facilities, I take two thin mesh laundry bags. “One for lights and one for darks. This makes doing laundry for the family so much easier when you get home! Unpacking can be a nightmare so it’s a good idea to make the challenge easier by separating laundry before arrival. Find more packing tips from the Family Packer with MSC Cruises.