Karen Gillan starred in the hit sci-fi show Doctor Who between series five and seven as the eleventh doctor (played by Matt Smith's) companion Amy Pond. With the upcoming 60th anniversary of the flagship show approaching and Jodie Whittakers time as the doctor comes to an end, Karen has opened up about her time on the show and admitted she "misses it" after not ruling out a return to the show. Joining the show in 2010, Amy travelled to multiple universes with the Doctor during the days of Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss writing for the show. She left in 2012 but returned for one episode when Matt Smith took his final bow as the eleventh doctor before Peter Capaldi took over the role. As the 60th anniversary approaches, Karen has revealed that she missed the show. When quizzed: "Will Karen Gillan return to Doctor Who?" READ MORE: Pensioner insists she's not hard up on £12K a year 'I'm happy' She responded: "Never say never! If I was asked, I would be really, really interested and keen. "It would be really amazing, I would like to do it with Matt Smith and Arthur Darvill if I was gonna go back." During the interview, she also revealed: "I was 21 years old [when I joined], so a baby, that was the big break of my career." "I went from not working very much as an actor to being in a very beloved show in the UK – and I miss it so much, actually," the actress told WIRED Autocomplete Interview. Viewers of the show have been eagerly awaiting for the second special, "Legend of Sea Devils". It will be the penultimate special episode before Jodie Whittaker regenerates and the new Doctor takes over. The BBC has recently announced the second special will air on Sunday, April 17 and fans will see a "swashbuckling adventure". An official synopsis read: "In a swashbuckling special adventure, the Doctor (played by Jodie Whittaker), Yaz (Mandip Gill) and Dan (John Bishop) come face to face with one of the Doctor’s oldest adversaries: the Sea Devils. DON'T MISS...Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker should be replaced by Tim Peake [INSIGHT]Doctor Who bosses confirm return date of series and new special  [LATEST]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker's replacement unveiled as Hollywood star? [WATCH] "Why has legendary pirate queen Madam Ching come searching for a lost treasure? What terrifying forces lurk beneath the oceans of the nineteenth century? And did Yaz really have to dress Dan up as a pirate?" It is rumoured that BBC bosses are planning to host a string of former time lords to celebrate the 60th birthday of the series. According to The Sun, the new Doctor will hardly appear in the show when it returns in 2023. A TV insider said: “The BBC wanted something unique to mark six decades of Doctor Who, and while getting all the former time lords together will be a challenge, it’s one Russell might just achieve. "After all, he was the man responsible for signing up Christopher and David back in 2005, and he is one of the few people who might convince them to be a part of the show again. “It remains to be seen if he can achieve an exact copy of The Five Doctors, but he will certainly want to capture some of the spirits of that landmark episode in these specials." Names that have been highly circulated to take over from Jodie have included Hugh Grant, Olly Alexander and Lydia West. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes has previously said: "Lydia West is a firm frontrunner in the race to replace Jodie Whittaker, and the odds suggest it'll most likely be her or It's A Sin co-star Olly Alexander who gets the gig." Doctor Who: Legend of the Sea Devils will air Sunday, April 17, on BBC One.