A motorist was left fuming after he noticed a Tesco petrol station was closed to the public, but a member of supermarket staff was being allowed to fill up their car. The supermarket chain, however, said that it was the customer’s behavior that was unacceptable. Large queues built up outside the Tesco branch in Hamilton, Leicester over the last week as protests at fuel plants across the UK have led to a shortage of petrol. As a result, the Tesco station has been forced to turn away customers. However, frustration eventually boiled over for one member of the public after he noticed that the station was closed and coned off, but a member of staff was being allowed to fill up their car. He then posted a video of him on TikTok confronting a worker at the petrol station and their colleague who was filling up. READ MORE: The UK council that issues the most bus lane fines makes £3.7million In the video, the TikToker says Tesco has "closed the petrol station", but staff are "getting petrol, all day long." The man then swore while walking up to the pump and noted the worker put £53 worth of fuel in his car. One of the members of staff then explained that it was a colleague who was filling up and asked him to stop filming. The man refused and said: "So you guys have got petrol, but you're refusing to give it out? DON'T MISS Drivers warned of risks during Easter weekend [WARNING] More than 3,000 fixed speed cameras installed on UK roads [REVEAL] Cyclist hits out at driver who braked and injured him [SHOCKING] “I literally have no petrol. I need to get to work. So what about other people?" The worker filling the car with fuel replied that he was a key worker. The TikToker then became angry while shouting and swearing at the staff. He also used homophobic language in the video, which has been viewed on the social media platform by more than 100,000 people, LeicestershireLive reported. Tesco revealed the worker filling up his car was a delivery driver who was allowed to get fuel from the forecourt, even though it was closed to the public. A spokesperson for Tesco said: "We do not tolerate abusive behaviour of any kind towards our colleagues, and the use of homophobic language towards any Tesco colleague is clearly unacceptable.” The news comes after the UK was hit with yet another fuel shortage. Drivers across the UK were spotted queueing in search of petrol and diesel. The most recent shortage seems to be caused by climate protesters blocking major fuel depots. This in turn is exacerbating existing supply issues due to increased demand post-Covid lockdowns and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Several cities and towns across the UK, including London and Birmingham, saw a wave of petrol station closures last week. Petrol stations have been suffering from supply chain issues after climate activism groups Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion have teamed up to block key terminals across the country to protest the environmental effect of oil and gas. Both groups said they want to disrupt fuel supplies to London and the South East of England and will continue to do so until the Government agrees to stop all new fossil fuel investments immediately. Oil pipeline distributors ExxonMobil UK said the protest, which started on April 1, shut down three of its terminals as a result. Cambridgeshire, Oxfordshire, and parts of the Capital have been particularly impacted over the last week, with many filling stations closed or suffering from long queues as people tried to fill up.