The embarrassing gaffe was an attempt to bring voters’ attention to border issues across the country. In the advert, former MP Jenny Chapman is depicted as “your MP” who “voted against the Borders Bill.”  Taking to Twitter to highlight the error, Henry Zeffman wrote: “Conservatives ramping up attacks on Labour MPs who voted against the borders bill. “Only issue with this one is Jenny Chapman hasn’t been the MP for Darlington since December 2019, when the Conservatives defeated her.” The original advert paid for by the party read: “They voted to keep illegal migrants in Britain. “Your MP voted against the Border Bill – which takes back control of our borders, allows us to remove those who are here illegally, and tackles channel crossings.” It ended with the words: “You can’t trust Jenny Chapman.”  Mr Zeffman was not the only person to mock the blunder. James Metcalfe said: “The Conservatives really do take voters' support for granted, so much so they don't even know which seats they represent before spreading their disingenuous graphics.” Speaking of the actual MP for Darlington, Peter Gibson, Mr Metcalfe continued: “Darlington deserves better than an MP who's so absent, even his own party have forgotten about him.” This was backed up by IndyBookShop who said: “It’s because Peter Gibson is so bland and follows the party line that he's forgettable, even by his own party.”  READ MORE:Peston says Tory MPs defending Boris in Commons today could lose jobs Worried about the integrity of the advert, Ben said: “Surely this is the sort of campaigning that should be reported to the Electoral Commission?” Mr Gibson himself became involved in the affair taking to Twitter to set things straight. He said: “Turns out it was a computer glitch, now resolved. “Undoubtedly had we not turned Darlington blue in 2019 it would have been accurate.” Ms Chapman currently holds the position of Shadow Minister of State at the Cabinet Office and has been made a life peer. She lost her seat to Peter Gibson in 2019 in a close vote during the so-called Tory red wall sweep. Mr Gibson secured 20,901 votes to Ms Chapman’s 17,607.  DON'T MISS:Dog sniffs out coins worth £6,000 on his first walk [REVEAL]Macron humiliated as own town turns back on Presiden [INSIGHT]Germany whinges that UK hasn't supplied tanks to Ukraine [REPORT] Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk about the incident, Mr Gibson said: "I am mildly amused this has happened and has received so much attention over a computer glitch." Adding on how he feels about migration in Darlington, Mr Gibson said: "I am standing up on promises made to the people during my manifesto. "In terms of migration, we promise to take back control and follow the steps laid out by the Home Secretary whom I fully support. "The process is not simple, easy or quick, and requires innovative solutions to overcome. "With no alternatives being proposed by other parties, we cannot simply open our borders to migrants, it is not what we voted for in 2016, nor in 2019." The Conservative Party are facing a tough week as Prime Minister Boris Johnson overcomes pressure to resign following the revelation he has been fined for attending parties at Downing Street. The news has seen members of opposition parties call for Mr Johnson to admit he misled the house, and a vote is scheduled to take place to ascertain whether he did. With the Conservative Party enjoying a large majority over Labour, the recent scandals and gaffs have raised questions as to how the party will fare in future elections.  Rory Stewart, a political commentator and author said: “Every day Boris Johnson remains tarnishes his party and the office of the Prime Minister. “Removing him is not only the ethical thing for Conservative MPs to do.“It is also profoundly in their long-term interest.” Yet, defending the party, British Alba said: “Isn’t it interesting the remainers, left-wing media, and opposition parties all seem so desperate to get Boris out of Downing Street. “If he was such an electoral disaster for the conservatives, you would think they would want him to remain in power so Tories lose next election?” 