Will Kirk has been making TV appearances since 2013, having featured on Channel 4's The French Collection and BBC's What to Buy and Why. However, he really hit the big time when he joined the cast of The Repair Shop in 2017 as the show's wood restoration expert. So it's no surprise that fans are eager to know all there is about the 36-year-old. Will got to marry his long-term girlfriend Polly in August 2021 after their wedding was postponed due to the coronavirus pandemic. Nevertheless, their big day last year at the Kings Head Hotel in Cirencester went off without a hitch. Will shared several pictures from their wedding, including one which had familiar faces from The Repair Shop, including Jay Blades and Suzie Fletcher. Polly works as a Trainee Child, Community and Educational Psychologist at The Tavistock and Portman NHS Foundation Trust. READ MORE: Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos? Despite only being married since 2021, Will and Polly are now expecting their first child together. He took to Instagram in March to confirm the good news, sharing a picture of himself holding up a mug that reads "Papa". The caption reads: "A new mug to add to my collection this summer. "We are so excited for our new little arrival and to extend our family." Comments of congratulations soon rolled in on social media from The Repair Shop fans. Whitbymemories wrote: "Wonderful news! Many congratulations to you both!", while Amy Heather replied: "Could not be more excited for you guys". Steve The Flub also commented: "A massive congratulations to you both. My boys are my life and I'd never change it for the world, I hope it'll be the same for you both." He then joked: "So, are you making a cot or buying one?" DON'T MISS...Suzie Fletcher makes touching tribute to BBC co-stars [TRIBUTE]Jay Blades promises ‘more stuff to come’ after dyslexia documentary [EXPLAINER]The Repair Shop’s Suzie admits restoration ‘could be a disaster' [CAST] His wife Polly officially became a doctor last year with Will gushing over her success. Sharing a picture of his future wife on graduation day, he wrote: "After years of hard work, I'm immensely proud of my fiancée for becoming a doctor." Like most of The Repair Shop cast, Will tends to keep his personal life out of the spotlight. So there are very few pictures of him alongside his new wife, bar their wedding pictures. But he did give a small insight into their life in 2020 when the country was in lockdown. Even though he wasn't able to work on the show during this time, Polly was still getting Will to do the odd DIY jobs. He told Lorraine Kelly on her ITV daytime show: "I've been putting up lots of shelves, the lovely fiancée has been keeping me very busy!" The Repair Shop is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.