GB News presenter Eamonn Holmes has taken to Twitter to urge his followers to vote for him in the TRIC Awards, claiming they'll be "p*****g off the doubters" by casting their votes for the TV star. The annual TRIC Awards celebrate the best of British broadcasting and this year the 53rd annual award ceremony is set to take place on the 6th July. In view of his one million followers, the former This Morning presenter, 62, gave his fans a compelling reason to vote for him in the TV awards. Eamonn wrote: "Please vote early and often ..... "At the very least you'll be p*****g off a lot of doubters if you do." The star was responding to a post by Jonathan Shalit, the Founder of InterTalent Rights Group who had penned a message of support to the former ITV host. READ MORE: Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel on advice from tour manager He wrote: "Congratulations to @EamonnHolmes @IsabelWebster_ @GBNEWS for "double" @TRICawards nomination 'Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel' for Multi-Channel News Programme and individually both as News Presenters." Eamonn has been nominated individually for News Presenter and alongside his co-host Isabel Webster for their morning show, Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel for the Multi-Channel News Programme award. The TV host's Loose Women panellist wife Ruth Langsford has also been nominated for a TRIC Award, appearing in the category of TV Personality. Following Eamonn's tweet, the star was soon inundated with messages of support from his fans. @EgoEire told the GB News host: "You got my 2 votes on merit, as did Ruth & Loose Women, best of luck to ye both." (sic) @bobwarans commented: "Always Eamonn and Isabel. My mornings are so refreshed. Such a joy to watch xxxxx." (sic) @KarmerSteer added: "You have my vote, love GB News in the morning." Eamonn made his debut on GB News earlier this year alongside his co-host Isabel. DON'T MISS... Bruce Willis’ aphasia has ‘been hard' for his wife Emma [INSIGHT]The Wanted's Max George shares heartbreak following Tom Parker's death [UPDATE]Piers Morgan faces Will Smith's Oscars slap in mocking photo [ANALYSIS] It comes after his ITV exit where he had presented This Morning with wife Ruth for 15 years. The couple had been replaced by Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary on their regular slot hosting Fridays and during school holidays. Speaking about his departure from the broadcaster, Eamonn previously told The Sun: “Put it this way, I’m looking forward to a move somewhere new where they’re pleased to have me. “But I wish everyone well at ITV.” Since moving to GB News in January, the star had faced criticism of his and Isabel's breakfast show. Following his debut, Eamonn's show was branded "too right wing" by Twitter user Pat, leading the star to fire back. He typed: “Obviously u aren't watching Breakfast Pat.” (sic) Days later, he hit back at criticism after a Twitter user took issue with the broadcaster's "political orientation", writing: "Outside #ManUtd I don't have much of an orientation. I'm there to serve you breakfast," he added. You can cast your vote for the TRIC Award nominees here.