Ralf Rangnick was reluctant to give out too much information on Manchester United's interest in hiring Erik ten Hag, but did confirm that other managers have also been "spoken" to. United appear to making headway in choosing their next manager heading into the summer transfer window.  Ten Hag has emerged as the top candidate in recent weeks with talks already taking place. The Dutchman is said to have impressed United officials and the Red Devils will reportedly only need to pay Ajax £1.7million in compensation. Interviews are said to have been taking place behind the scenes with Ten Hag setting out a five-year plan for the Old Trafford club. No final decision has been made on Ten Hag coming in as United's next manager though, and Rangnick has hinted at other options being available to the club. The United interim boss didn't want to go into too much detail on United's interest in Ten Hag, but praised the Ajax boss as a "top coach".  "I think this is the press conference for tomorrow's game and I don't intend to speak about any possible new managers here," Rangick said. "From what I know, all the managers with whom the club have so far spoken are top managers, top coaches. "If this includes Erik ten Hag, then it's also true with him. That's all I can say at this stage." Speaking earlier this month, Ten Hag admitted to talks taking place with United behind the scenes.  But he appeared to distance himself from leaving Ajax in the summer with plans in place for next season. "Everyone knows each other in the industry," Ten Hag told Sport1. "There are always talks with representatives from other clubs, that's normal. "Manchester United is a great club with great fans. But I can only repeat myself: My full focus is completely on Ajax. We are already planning for the new season." For now, United's focus remains on the fight for a top-four spot with Rangnick's side currently down in seventh. They return to action on Saturday against Frank Lampard's Everton, who are fighting their own battles at the bottom of the table. 