Ronnie Wood, 74, is best-known for being a member of the legendary rock band The Rolling Stones since 1975. However, the rockstar revealed today that music is not his only talent as he showed fans his painting of the Queen. Ronnie commemorated Her Majesty’s 96th birthday by creating a painting in her honour. He shared a picture of his creation in view of his 620,000 Twitter followers. The rocker could be seen looking dapper in a floral print shirt as he held up the masterpiece. He captioned the shot: “Wishing Her Majesty The Queen a very happy 96th birthday today! “She was my muse for this recent portrait @RoyalFamily.” Fans of the Rolling Stones musician were left amazed by his painting skills as they replied to his tweet to heap praise on the portrait. BrakemanRd said: “This is fabulous Ronnie! Brilliant! “Thank you for sharing it! #HappyBirthdayYourMajesty” CarolineVine1 added: “Your so clever Ronnie, how I wish I had your gift of painting as well as best rock band ever! “I am learning the drums and loving every minutexxx” Triton76 quipped: “Nicely done Ronnie! “You’ve got a future as a painter if that flash in the pan rock n roll thing doesn’t work out.” DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [LATEST]Nick Knowles ‘rages’ at backlash over new partner 'Wealthier than me!' [UPDATE]Stacey Solomon issues apology over 'unrelatable' swimming pool update [INSIGHT] Hatdrummer1 penned: “Love this Ronnie! Could you do another of Her Majest The Queen when she was in her twenties or when she was in service during the war? (Sic) “Forever young... Happy Birthday @RoyalFamily” Earlier this year Ronnie revealed he had painted a portrait of Prince Philip before his death last April. Speaking to the Daily Mail, Ronnie said Prince William had asked to see the painting and that he wanted it to show the Monarch. The musician said: “I did a wonderful painting of the Duke of Edinburgh shortly before he died where he is tipping his hat. “I’ve been asked by Prince William to present the picture to him in the coming weeks and he’s going to show the Queen so it’s a real honour for me.” Ronnie went on to explain that he was “very pleased” with the artistic creation. He added: “It’s charcoal, a brown sepia pastel of the duke and I finished it shortly before he died and I was going to show it to him.”