The Loose Women panel were exploring the criteria of belonging to a certain class and debated whether or not money earned later in life can change a person's social status. While Charlene argued people with a lot of money can no longer call themselves working-class, Carol insisted they could. When the former and Coleen Nolan shared experiences of being made to feel inferior by people of a higher class, Carol refused to believe them and argued they had allowed themselves to feel "intimidated". During the debate, Carol pointed out: "That's the difference between America and here. "In America, money counts for everything and they accept that. "They don't mind, they don't mind talking about money. They'll tell you what they earn and what they're worth. "Here, we have this thing where we can't talk about it, we can't say." READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits "Because it's [considered] vulgar," Coleen nodded, agreeing with her co-host. Carol elaborated: "Yeah, and people resent it, they absolutely resent it because I think in this country we are obsessed with class, and actually all it means is where you were born and what you were born to. That's your roots and respect that." "I respect people who remember where they came from and appreciate where they are now," Coleen added. Turning to Charlene, she added: "But you're right that other people wouldn't class them as working-class."  "Yeah," Charlene replied, detailing: "And it's about the way other people treat you, so you could be working-class, walking into a room with a load of upper-middle-class people who can make you feel like less than the dirt at the bottom of their shoe because they see you as being-" "But that would be you!" Carol shouted, adding: "It would be you feeling that way!" "No, I promise you, when you go into those kinds of environments, you are made to feel like that," Charlene pointed out. "No, I don't -" Carol began, before Charlene cut in to say: "That just proves that you've not personally been in that situation, but people have been in those situations." DON'T MISS... Dan Walker details how Strictly stint prepared him for Channel 5 move [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Jean Slater in danger after fleeing Walford? [THEORY]Ranvir brutally mocks Prince Andrew 'Who would touch him?' [VIDEO] Carol vehemently hit back: "No, I have! I have, but I won't let it get to me, I won't have it." "It doesn't matter if it gets to you but it still happens," Coleen stated. "I've walked in and because of the way I speak and where I come from, especially in the north when I come down south, they have looked down on me and gone 'she's a bit too common'." "No, I don't believe it," Carol protested, dismissing her colleagues' stories. "Well, you should believe it because I've heard it!" Coleen argued. Carol went on: "So if you feel intimated by people and the way they-" "I don't feel intimidated," Coleen interrupted, adding: "But I can't change the way they feel and that's something that people have said about me." Linda Robson chimed in to remark: "I'm proud to be common as muck." Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.