Golden visas grant non-EU citizens some residency rights if they invest a certain amount of money in a country. However, following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine some countries have been cracking down on the practice. The UK Government ended its own scheme in February as Home Secretary Priti Patel saying she wanted to stop “corrupt elites”. The EU commission has criticised countries such as Malta for their lucrative golden visa schemes where many applicants were Russian. However, since the UK left the EU golden visas are one way for British expats to relocate to an EU country. Could the current crackdown affect British expats looking to move to sunnier spots such as Portugal or Spain? READ MORE: Burnham warns Manchester Airport queues to go on for ‘two months’ Express.co.uk spoke to Murat Coskun, founder of Get Golden Visa, a visa assistance service, to find out more. He told Express.co.uk: “ The current level of scrutiny varies between different investment residency programs. “It is true that with the current developments in Europe, the European Union may possibly become more cautious about such investment migration programs. “This is actually a blessing in disguise. Thorough due diligence will push advisory firms to act with more responsibility, and the investors to really fit the bill in order to invest and apply.” He added: “In our experience, Golden Visa investors from Britain have typically been very rigorous, transparent, and meticulous in their investment and application process. “So, generally speaking, Britons should have nothing to worry about as these programs get more cautious in nature.” British expats could use a trusted advice service to make sure they meet all the requirements for a visa. Murat told Express.co.uk: “Transparency has to be at the very centre of these residency and citizenship by investment programs. “The investors should know all the details of the types of investment they will deploy their funds in, while the host countries should know the source of these incoming foreign direct investments. “Going forward, higher regulation and stricter due diligence will enable the healthy continuation of these global mobility-enabling programs." But which EU countries offer the best schemes for British expats looking to make investments abroad? Murat recommended sunny Portugal as a great value choice for Britons who want to relocate. Portugal golden visa holders can become eligible for citizenship within five years, a much faster timeline than many other countries. Britons also only have to invest 280,000 euros (£233,000) in property to qualify, although they will have to pay more for desirable areas. Although property in some of the most popular Algarve hotspots won’t qualify for a golden visa, British expats could still join the scheme by purchasing in smaller Algarve towns such as Sagres and Aljezur. According to the Annual Global Retirement Index, Portugal is the fourth best country in the world to retire. Visit Get Golden Visa to find out more information about golden visas.