The Queen has been head of the Royal Family for seven decades, and she oversees how the Queen is represented by her working royals. Several members of the Royal Family, including the Queen's children and grandchildren, support the Queen in her royal role. But there are lots of members of the extended family that only appear at some royal events and do not work officially for the Crown. While there isn't a definitive list of the most senior Royal Family members, there are those considered working royals who are directly linked to the throne. The Queen is obviously the most senior member of the Royal Family, and Prince Charles and Prince William hold precedence as the two people next in line to the throne. Charles' wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, is also considered a senior royal as the future Queen Consort, as is William's wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. READ MORE: Prince Andrew will not be seen at a public event again The monarch's children are usually considered senior members of the Royal Family, and in the Queen's case, she includes Princess Anne, Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex as working royals. The Queen's second son Prince Andrew stepped down from royal duties in 2019. As the son of the heir to the throne, Prince Harry was also considered a senior royal with his wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, but they stepped down from royal duties in 2020. Other working members of the Royal Family include the Queen's cousins, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Gloucester and Princess Alexandra, although these royals complete fewer duties nowadays.   Aside from the working members of the Royal Family, several other people in the Queen's family do not serve the Crown in an official capacity. Royal historian Marlene Koenig told Express.co.uk: "There is a group that are separate from being the Royal Family, those who are the 'royal family'. It does not make you 'royal'. "Royal is if you are HRH, you are a Prince or Princess. That's it."  DON'T MISS:Inside Princess Charlotte's 'fantastic friendship' with Beatrice [INSIGHT]How Queen intervened to stop Princess Charlotte from being a 'Lady' [INTERVIEW]Confident Lady Louise Windsor is 'very close' to the Queen - expert [ANALYSIS] The Queen's two granddaughters through Prince Andrew, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, are both princesses and HRH but they are not considered working royals. The Queen's other grandchildren include Princess Anne's children Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall, who are without titles, and Prince Edward's children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. The Queen also has 12 great-grandchildren to date, all of whom are without royal titles except for Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis of Cambridge. A Letters Patent was granted by the Queen to ensure all of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's children were born Prince or Princess.  In the British peerage system, royal titles are ranked in descending order as: In the British Royal Family there are also some particularly prestigious royal titles, such as the Prince of Wales title Prince Charles was given by the Queen in 1958 as her heir. Princess Anne was also given the Princess Royal title by the Queen, and it has been traditionally awarded to the Sovereign's eldest daughter for centuries. 