Gary Lineker has taken to social media to rave over Barcelona starlet Pedri after the player scored a sensational goal to hand his side a 1-0 La Liga victory over Sevilla on Sunday night. Barca have enjoyed a resurgence under manager Xavi and are now second in the table, despite their woeful form during the early stages of the season. Sevilla were above Barcelona in the La Liga table ahead of Sunday’s match at the Nou Camp and frustrated the Catalan giants for large spells of the encounter. And the game was still goalless with 20 minutes remaining. But Pedri had no intentions of seeing his side drop points and provided the moment of magic to decide the game in the 72nd minute after receiving the ball 25 yards from goal. The 19-year-old feigned to shoot with his left foot before cutting the ball back onto his right as he took a Sevilla defender out of the game. And he dummied a second time as another Sevilla defender went to ground. Pedri’s trickery gave him space to shoot from the edge of the area and, when he finally unleashed his effort, it flew into the bottom corner of the net beyond the reach of away goalkeeper Bono. READ MORE: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds   The magnificent strike ensured the Catalan giants enjoyed a beautiful day as they continued their fine form under Xavi. And Lineker was quick to laud Pedri’s effort. “What a goal from Pedri,” the Match of the Day presenter wrote on Twitter. “Unbelievably talented young footballer.” And 10 minutes later, Lineker took to Twitter again as he posted a video of the goal. “Such humiliation of defenders should be illegal,” the former England striker quipped. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford jobTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle winLiverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader'     Pedri has enjoyed a rapid rise to prominence at Barcelona and has already made 71 appearances for the club, despite the fact he won’t turn 20 until November. Last season, he played 52 games for the team in all competitions. The youngster was forced to miss four months of action this season, however, after being struck down with a hamstring injury. The ace started his side’s first two La Liga matches and first two Champions League games of the season, but didn’t play again until the end of January. And his team struggled in his absence. But Pedri has cemented his place at the heart of the Barcelona midfield once again and will surely be a key figure as his side look to build on their impressive run of form, which has seen them lose just once in La Liga under Xavi. And he could even make the difference as the Catalans go in search of Europa League glory after reaching the quarter-finals. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 