Edinson Cavani’s decision to leave Manchester United will not change despite Erik ten Hag’s expected appointment, according to reports. The Uruguayan’s contract at the Red Devils expires at the end of the current campaign, where he will be free to depart the club on a free transfer. Despite extending his stay at Old Trafford by another year, Cavani has found himself largely confined to the side-lines under Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. He has only started six Premier League matches for the Reds this season, as he has found himself stuck behind Cristiano Ronaldo in the United pecking order. While injuries have also scuppered the former Paris Saint-Germain striker’s playing time, he has largely remained as a peripheral figure when he has been fully fit. Cavani was linked with a move away from Old Trafford in the January transfer window, only to be convinced to remain at the club by Rangnick. The German manager will step aside at the end of the season and make way for the club’s next permanent boss. However, Cavani is still expected to depart the club at the end of the campaign, whether it is Ten Hag as expected or somebody else. READ MORE: Man Utd target Milinkovic-Savic 'destined to leave' Lazio this summer Fabrizio Romano understands Cavani is still expected to see out his contract before moving to a new side at the end of the current campaign. La Liga is expected to be the next destination for the South American hitman who has amassed 128 international caps for Uruguay. He is one of six United players who are expected to depart the club at the end of their current deal. Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata, Lee Grant, and Cavani are all expected to depart the club at the end of their deals. Lingard is another United player who was surprisingly retained by Rangnick in spite of interest from numerous clubs. The likes of Newcastle United and West Ham were believed to be linked with a move for Lingard in January. However, United were reportedly unwilling to part with the United duo at a tense time of the current Premier League campaign. “I told him from the first day that he is a highly important player. He is probably the only one who can play as a striker back to goal and face to goal,” Rangnick said at the start of January. “His professionalism, his work ethic is amazing and I told him that I desperately want him to stay until the end of the season. He also knows how highly I rate him and respect him. “He knows that I will definitely not let him go. I would rather have another Edi on top of that but for me it’s clear that Edi has to stay. With regard to the other players [leaving in the transfer window], yes, our squad is maybe a bit big with regards to numbers but we still have Covid, we have three competitions.”