London and Geneva-based trade and border consultant Dr Anna Jerzewska claimed a group of tourists recently became angry about being denied access to the EU passport queue. She tweeted: "Landed in the EU. Group of Brits push their way into the EU passport queue shouting that they can still take advantage of the benefits. "No, you can't mate. That's exactly one of the things you can't do!" But Express.co.uk readers have reacted with fury to the claim. Reader SanjayP commented: "Only the Remoaners complain about their lost 'freedoms'. Get used to it.Better to queue a few minutes than be shackled to the EU." Responding to the initial tweet, Tory peer Lord Moylan joked: "What do you expect from deluded Remainers? I apologise for them." But Dr Jerzewska disagreed, tweeting: "Something tells me these guys voted to leave."  Express.co.uk reader RY28, in response to the story, chimed in: "Deluded Remoaners trying to join the EU passport queue - not the sharpest tools in the box are they?" AnglosphereStrikesBack raged: "These delusional Remoaners need help, or at least locking away from society. "Denial is the first of the seven stages of grief so you're not moving on." Ohtukei commented: "The usual Remoaner cooked up stories. Remoaners sounds like leeches. They keep hanging on refusing to let go. The worst kind of ex."  READ MORE ABOUT TRIDENT MOVING OFFSHORE IN THE EVENT OF SCOTTISH INDEPENDENCE WidowSon said: "Remoaners still wanting to be accepted and then getting rejected, funny. You wouldn't find a Brexiteer in the EU queue." And BritishSovereign chimed in: "The remainiacs said there would be wage collapse, mass unemployment, food and medicine shortages, even world war 3. The best they can manage is a queue at an airport. Who cares." Fellow readers shared their own experience of travelling in the EU post-Brexit, including Malt who said: "I travel in the EU regularly and have not encountered exceptionally long queues, in fact no different to pre Brexit. "[I]f truth be told often EU queues are longer as everyone has to queue to show Covid passes."  DON'T MISS: Russia sends ominous warning on 'destruction' of Finland [REVEALED] Belarus admits soldiers crossed border to Ukraine [LATEST] Finland and Sweden could join NATO in weeks [REPORT] Petefrombristol commented: "The EU lane was much slower that the ‘others’ lane, arriving and departing Tenerife last year!" The comments come as Manchester Airport warned passengers on Friday to expect queues of up to 90 minutes due to staff shortages. Charlie Cornish, chief executive of owner Manchester Airports Group, urged departing travellers to arrive three hours before their flight to avoid missing it. Passengers have faced long delays and chaotic scenes in recent weeks, with queues outside terminals to reach check-in desks with hordes of people waiting to get through security and pick up luggage.  Karen Smart, the airport's managing director, resigned on Tuesday. After cutting thousands of jobs during the Covid pandemic, the aviation industry, in general, is suffering from difficulties recruiting staff and waiting for security checks to be passed on new employees. There has also been a recent spike in coronavirus-related staff sickness. Pressure on airlines and airports has increased due to the surge in demand for travel during the Easter holidays.  Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said he warned the aviation sector to be careful about cutting jobs during the pandemic, predicting demand for travel would come back again. Asked whether security checks for new recruits can be completed faster, he said: "We can't take shortcuts on security and passengers wouldn't want us to do that. "Vetting and checking, particularly for people who are going airside, is absolutely critical. We do need to make sure that work is carried out properly. "I know that the Home Office are expediting it as much as possible but no-one wants us to cut corners when it comes to their safety and security." 