UK aid in the amount of £58 million is being given to India despite New Delhi’s refusal to condemn the brutal invasion of Ukraine. LBC presenter Andrew Pierce asked if the money is being misplaced while “war crimes” are being perpetrated against Ukrainian civilians on President Vladimir Putin’s orders. Dr Adnan Naseemullah, a lecturer at King’s College London, said that while India has shown itself to be an ally of Russia, it is still deserving of international aid from the UK. He accused the UK Government of needing “to be a little more generous” in directing funds outside of the home nations and argued that Indian support for other countries does not change the fact they are “a very poor country”. LBC host Andrew Pierce asked the lecturer: “Do we have to give money to a country that resolutely refuses to criticise Putin or the invasion of Ukraine, which is an illegal war? Most people think Putin’s troops are committing war crimes on his orders.” Suggesting that India’s need for aid might be overstated, Pierce added: “And isn’t India also, Dr Adnan, creating a space programme?” Dr Adnan responded: “Yes, India is trying to develop a space programme. A lot of countries are trying to. “India is still, though, a very poor country, significantly poorer, actually, than Ukraine. “More broadly, the idea is that the UK needs to be a little bit more generous in terms of international aid full stop. “This current Government has spent a lot of time trying to cut the aid budget, which has actually made them less effective in persuading other countries to move in what we might consider the right direction.” READ MORE: Russia to bypass EU sanctions with India in swipe to the West [REVEAL] Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov visited New Delhi at the end of last week, during which he referred to the nation as a “friend”. The two countries have agreed to a financial deal that will see them continue to trade in crude oil, arms, and other products via a rupee-rouble scheme designed to bypass Western sanctions. The move has been criticised for undermining attempts to stifle Putin’s brutal invasion of Ukraine, in which tens of thousands of people have died. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has refused to speak out against Putin having met with the President at the end of last year. India was also one of a handful of countries that did not vote against the Ukrainian invasion at a UN meeting earlier this year. DON'T MISS: 'Bucha just the beginning' Experts fear more war crimes by Russians [INSIGHT] Russia retreat is sign Vladimir Putin 'not finished' in Ukraine [INSIGHT] Have your say: What should we do as Putin's army commits atrocities? [POLL] British foreign minister Liz Truss said she respected India’s decision to continue buying crude oil at a discounted rate from Russia. But she took an indirect swipe at the second-most populous country in the world while at a policy exchange economic forum in New Delhi. She said: "I think countries across the world, regardless of their specific size, status or structure, understand there is a fundamental problem if an aggressor can get away with invading a sovereign nation, and that does violate international law and violates the UN charter." Indian external affairs minister, Subrahmanyam Jaishankar, however, ­­was quick to point out that European consumption of Russian oil and gas had risen in the last month by 15 percent despite the invasion.