White vinegar and baking soda have been used in cleaning for several years and they can be used in different areas of the home. As well as cleaning surfaces and appliances, the combination of the products can also be used in laundry as a detergent, fabric softener and odour removal. One expert has shared top tips on how white vinegar and baking soda can be used when doing washing. Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, told Express.co.uk: “You can use white vinegar and baking soda as a gentler alternative to laundry detergent. “As your clothing gets older and more worn, it becomes increasingly defenceless against the harsh chemicals in laundry detergents. “A cheap and gentle substitute for detergent is a solution of baking soda and white vinegar. “Add half a cup of both ingredients into your washing machine’s compartment before a cycle, and it’ll brighten and clean your clothing, particularly your whites.” READ MORE: Prepare the grass for ‘healthy growth’ now by weeding and aerating The solution can also neutralise any unwanted scents. It can also be used to remove stains from clothing, bedding and towels as well as carpets. The cleaning expert said: “For tricky clothing and carpet stains, mix an equal ratio of water and vinegar in a spray bottle. “Spritz a moderate amount onto the target area and let it soak into the fabric for 10 to 15 minutes before gently dabbing the stain with a sponge or cloth and a soapy solution.” DON'T MISS:Co-living: The new way of renting with Folk at The Palm House [PICTURES]Mrs Hinch fans share how to use 2p coin to ‘dissolve’ limescale [COMMENT]Use cupboard essentials to tackle kitchen grime - baking soda and salt [INSIGHT] Baking soda, which has been used to clean around the home for years, can be used on its own to absorb excess grease and oils. Deyan added: “Just leave it on the target area for at least 20 minutes, before brushing or vacuuming it away.” Many use baking soda to clean their mattress as it can help to absorb sweat and neutralise any odours. The cleaning expert also recommended using white vinegar as a fabric softener replacement. He explained: “Rather than forking out extra cash on fabric softener, white vinegar is a great home substitute. “It has the same conditioning properties and can also work at removing stains on your clothing. “Unlike fabric softener, it also prevents a build-up of residue on items that can eventually turn materials scratchy and make them lose their colour. “Just add half a cup of distilled white vinegar to your washing machine’s detergent compartment before you run a cycle.” For those wanting to get rid of nasty odours, white vinegar can also be used. Instead of buying a fabric freshener, making your own is a great cost-effective alternative. Deyan said: “Mix equal parts vinegar and water together, before adding a few drops of your preferred essential oil into the solution. “Then spray the solution over your clothing to remove any musty or smoky odours. “Alternatively, you can seal your item in a bag overnight with baking soda, as the powder will absorb unwanted odours. “Then, wash your item by adding half a cup of lemon juice or vodka to the washing machine to leave your clothes looking clean and smelling fresh. “Always check the label. Some items are too delicate to wash even with baking soda and white vinegar, so make sure you check the label first. “Some items, like silk, will need to be hand washed, and others might need to be cleaned by a professional.”