Frank Lampard claims Everton deserved a penalty in the second half of their Merseyside derby defeat to Liverpool at Anfield and that if it was Mohamed Salah going down under the same challenge, a foul would have been awarded. At 0-0 Anthony Gordon, booked for diving inside the box in the first half, went down after coming together with Joel Matip but a spot-kick was not awarded. Everton went on to lose 2-0 through goals from Andy Robertson and Divock Origi. Post-match Lampard aired his frustrations that Everton did not get a penalty when the game was still goalless. He said: "It was a penalty, you don't get them at Anfield. If that was Mohamed Salah at the Kop end, I think he [the referee] gives that. It was a foul on Anthony." He added to Sky Sports: "Yeah. I think it was [a penalty]. I'm not sure how clear cut it was. The ref was quick to whip a yellow card and when the little stuff went off in the middle of pitch and if you look back at that with VAR, there's some questionable things going on in that, too. Maybe that's to be expected when you come here." Everton produced a spirited performance away at their neighbours but end the weekend in the relegation zone after Burnley's win over Wolves earlier in the same day. Lampard added: "I thought we played well. In terms of possession, the game plan was understanding they are one of the best teams in the world, with what they are doing to other teams recently. Can we be disciplined and work hard within that? Yeah. Could we break and create chances? Yeah. "They didn't threaten our goal at all in the first half. We had a couple of opportunities, Doucoure running through, moments in their box. First half good, start of the second half good. If we get the first goal, the game feels completely different. "You know with Liverpool there's always either a moment of brilliance, Mo Salah for the first goal, or because of the aggressive nature of their game, an overhead kick bounces into the floor and lands on Origi's head. That's the qualities that they have. I can't ask for much more from our players. If we get our goal while we were not giving them real chances, the game feels completely different." On the threat of relegation, the Everton manager added: "It will be spoken about, but we've got six games to Burnley's five left. Leeds are in there, they play tomorrow. We had to expect Burnley might win today and worry about our own job. There's 18 points to fight for which is a lot of points. It's important for the players, fans and club not to be sucked into that in a negative way. "We're realistic, it is what it is. But there's a lot of games for us to try and win. With the attitude and togetherness and spirit we showed today, maybe a few things go our way, we'll get the results. We're at that point now where we showed great organisation away from home which is something we've been striving for and working towards so every game we have to be spot on and fight and absolutely believe. "The whole club has to do that. There'll be some negative chat now but we've been in this fight for a long time since I got here. If it goes to the end, let's take it to the end. In terms of the performance, I'm more positive off the back of it." Everton sit 18th on 29 points from 32 matches with Burnley two points ahead having played one game more. The Toffees have a week until they return to action when they host third-placed Chelsea, Lampard's former club, at Goodison Park.