Carlos Alcaraz has been backed to follow in Novak Djokovic’s footsteps by reaching the world No 1 ranking despite his early loss in Monte Carlo. The Serb’s former coach Boris Becker believes the 18-year-old will reach the top spot of men’s tennis if he continues his current trajectory in what is the latest in a series of big predictions for Alcaraz from former pros. Alcaraz has been tipped for huge success after becoming the youngest man ever to win the Miami Open, a month shy of his 19th birthday. The world No 11 suffered a disappointing follow-up tournament in Monte Carlo where he received a bye to the second round and lost to fellow Next Gen star Sebastian Korda, but Boris Becker isn’t alarmed by the Spaniard’s recent defeat. The man who worked with current world No 1 Djokovic for three years, including what many see as one of his most dominant seasons in 2015, has backed Alcaraz to emulate the Serb’s ascent to the top of the rankings. "If everything continues normally, then yes he can be world No 1,” he told Eurosport's 'Das Gelbe Vom Ball' podcast. The German, who won his first-ever Grand Slam title as a teenager aged just 17, silenced doubters after Alcaraz’s three-set loss to Korda in Monte Carlo, continuing: "He's only 18, but you only have to look at the way he's played over the last six months. He went to Miami and just kept winning.” JUST IN: Djokovic's brother 'in talks' with Nick Kyrgios after Serbia Open snub  Alcaraz also surpassed Djokovic and Rafael Nadal as the youngest man ever to teach back-to-back semi-finals in Indian Wells and Miami with his runs during the ‘Sunshine Double’, having lost to his compatriot in a closeIndian Wells semi. Becker noted that the 18-year-old’s ability to bounce back from the loss and aim higher by winning the title in Miami proved he could be a future world No 1. “He has the mentality to not just be satisfied with reaching a semi-final, or be playing the best players in the world - he wants to go further and [we saw that] by winning his first Masters title against a top opponent,” he said of the current world No 11, who has well exceeded his original goal for the 2022 season to track the top 15 by the end of the year. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu retains public backing but gold rush puts it at riskMedvedev's Wimbledon ban threat slammed by Djokovic's ex-coachNadal split with uncle Toni 'can't be compared' to Djokovic situation   "So he can become No. 1, but anything can happen in sport,” Becker added. Alcaraz is next set to compete in next week’s ATP 500 in Barcelona before he returns to the Madrid Open at the beginning of May, the site of his maiden Masters 1000 match win as a wildcard last year. Following his 6-4 6-0 victory over Adrian Mannarino in the first round back in 2021, Alcaraz faced his hero Nadal for the first time on what was his 18th birthday where he crashed out 6-1 6-2. Less than 12 months later the teenager is already a Masters champion at a career high, and will be gunning to go further at the site of his first taste of success at 1000-point level when he returns to the Caja Magica next month. 