Spanish holidays to destinations like the Canary Islands and the Balearic Islands are on the cards for many Britons this year. Although, coronavirus restrictions are still in place, despite most restrictions ending in the UK. Companies such as TUI, Jet2, Ryanair, EasyJet and British Airways are all offering holiday and flight deals in the holiday hotspots. Although the majority of coronavirus restrictions in the UK are a thing of the past, Britons may be met with some as they travel overseas. In recent weeks, the Spanish authorities have sparked confusion after they announced unvaccinated Britons could enter with a COVID test. However, they U-turned on the decision hours later due to a misunderstanding. What are the latest travel rules for Spain, the Canaries and the Balearics?  READ MORE: How to get cheap train tickets: Hidden deals for the ‘best price’ If you want to visit Spain, you will need to show proof of either being fully vaccinated or having recently recovered from coronavirus. To be considered as fully vaccinated you will need to have completed a full vaccination course at least 14 days before travel. If you completed this over 270 days (nine months) before travelling to Spain, you will need a booster jab to qualify as fully vaccinated. Although the rules apply to anyone aged 12 or over, Spain has eased its restrictions for unvaccinated teens, aged 12 to 17, who can visit if they have proof of a negative coronavirus test taken before travel. If you are fully vaccinated, you do not need to fill out a pre-travel health form. However, travellers entering with proof of coronavirus recovery, or unvaccinated teens aged 12 to 17 will need to fill out a pre-travel online form, which must be completed no more than 48 hours before travel to Spain. Currently, unvaccinated Britons will not be able to enter for holidays unless they can show proof of recovery. As for local coronavirus rules, Spain recently relaxed its face mask rules meaning people will no longer be required to wear these at indoor venues such as restaurants and bars. The country has already axed a requirement to wear face coverings outdoors. The Canaries' rules are similar to those of Spain, as you need to be fully vaccinated or have proof of recovery to visit. Again, unvaccinated teens aged 12 to 17 can visit provided they have proof of a negative test taken within 72 hours before travel. You may also be required to show proof of a negative coronavirus test for your accommodation - check with your tour operator or travel agent. All travellers will need to fill out a pre-travel online form before visiting the Canaries. If Britons are travelling to the islands from Spain, the Foreign Office travel advice notes: "To travel to the Canary or Balearic islands from mainland Spain, you may need to show a negative COVID test depending on the region you are travelling from. “Check with your travel operator and the local authorities in your final destination for guidance on domestic entry requirements." In a recent holiday boost for Britons, the Canaries have ended their local coronavirus restrictions, which included removing capacity limits for venues such as bars and restaurants, and once again allowing dancing in nightclubs.   Travellers will need to be fully vaccinated against coronavirus if they want to enter the Balearics for holidays. According to the Balearics Tourism Board website, proof of recent recovery or a negative coronavirus test will not be accepted for travellers arriving from the UK. Anyone entering the Balearic Islands will need to fill out a pre-travel health check form online. Children under 12 years of age are exempt from vaccination and testing requirements. If you are travelling to the islands from Spain, the Foreign Office travel advice notes: "To travel to the Canary or Balearic islands from mainland Spain, you may need to show a negative COVID test depending on the region you are travelling from. “Check with your travel operator and the local authorities in your final destination for guidance on domestic entry requirements." 