The latest hypersonic missiles are reportedly so complex they require a computer to build them, and NASA has created an AI to do just that. Hypersonic missiles travel at over Mach 5 (3,836mph), meaning they can strike anywhere on the planet within an hour of being launched. These devastating weapons can carry nukes and avoid almost all missile defence systems as they cannot react fast enough, all while operating with a high level of precision. But due to the large amount of power and fuel required to reach these high speeds, their application has so far been limited by relying on using rockets. However, writes tech writer Will Lockett, an alternative option is a “scramjet”. Scramjet stands for supersonic combustion ramjet, and works exactly the same as a jet on a plane, but with no moving parts. Mr Lockett explains: “In a typical jet a turbine compresses the incoming air, fuel is then injected and ignited, which then forces the air out of the jet, creating thrust. But a scramjet does away with the turbine. “Instead, it uses the craft’s speed to ram air into the combustion chamber with sufficient pressure to get optimal combustion. “This makes them far more efficient and powerful than an average jet.” These use highly efficient thrust mechanisms to achieve much higher speeds, and can be built much smaller, lighter, and with greater range than ordinary rockets. In order to create these missiles, NASA has created an AI to design them, to account for the immense complexity required in doing so. Mr Lockett adds that the AI “could design a hypersonic missile that is far faster and with greater range than any other in the world, sending the US to the forefront of this military arms race.” These missiles are launched into space from a jet, before orbiting the Earth and striking in precision spots within minutes. The UK recently announced it will join forces with the US and Australia to build the missiles and stay ahead of China and Russia. However, Russia has also claimed to have developed their own hypersonic missiles. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin urged to bomb 'totally boorish Britain' [INSIGHT] In March the Kremlin said it launched a hypersonic missile called “the Sizzler” at Ukraine to destroy an underground ammunition depot. The Kh-47M2 Kinzhal air-launched ballistic missile is allegedly capable of reaching Mach 10 speeds (7672 mph) and distances up to 1,700 miles. It can also theoretically carry a nuclear warhead. Russia’s Defence Ministry also said that Kalibr cruise missiles, capable of travelling at up to five times the speed of sound, have been launched from ships in the Black Sea off the coast of Crimea at Ukrainian military infrastructure. Russian MoD Spokesman Igor Konashenkov said: “Workshops at the Nizhyn repair plant used for the repair of Ukrainian armoured vehicles damaged in combat operations were destroyed with sea-based Kalibr cruise missiles launched from the waters of the Black Sea.” Speaking at an energy forum in Moscow last year, Putin also said that his “intercontinental” weapons can travel five times faster than those being developed in America. He bragged: “This is not just a hypersonic, this is an intercontinental missile.”