Melissa Rawson was one of the many hopeful singletons who were eager to find love on Married at First Sight Australia. She walked down the aisle to find that she had been matched to radio host Bryce Ruthven who had been the series' villain, with fans accusing him of gaslighting his new wife. As the latest season has come to an end, viewers are now eager to know what happened to her after the cameras stopped rolling. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia. While some viewers were very much against Melissa staying with Bryce during the process, the couple remained strong. Despite various ups and downs, including rumours of him already being in a relationship, Melissa stuck by his side. They went through the entire experiment as a couple and agreed to stay together during the final commitment ceremony. What fans of the reality series didn't realise at the time was that Melissa and Bryce would in fact live up to their promises. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge When the experiment came to an end, Melissa and Bryce quickly moved in together, finding a place for themselves in Melbourne. They even started getting to work on their little family with a new Border Collie puppy called Sonny. This was just the beginning of their ongoing love story, however, as last year, Bryce took their relationship to the next level. During a romantic helicopter ride, Bryce popped the question, proposing to Melissa in the sky. Taking to Instagram, Bryce wrote:  "A helicopter ride we’ll never forget! "I wanted @lissrawson to help design it as it’s hers for life. "It features a 2ct black pear-shaped diamond with smaller diamonds around a white gold band. "Thank you to @shannakian_fine_jewellery for creating this gorgeous ring!" DON'T MISS...Ukraine general forced to sit out war freed 'Banged up in Germany' [EXPLAINER]Bryce MAFS Australia: Where is Married at First Sight's Bryce Ruthven? [CAST]Samantha MAFS Australia: Where is Samantha Moitzi now? [REAL LIFE] Just a few months later and the happy newly engaged couple revealed that they were expecting twins. In October 2021, Melissa gave birth to their sons 10 weeks earlier than expected so they had to be looked after in ICU (Intensive Care Unit). They have since been able to come home with over-the-moon Melissa and Bryce. The reality star pair decided to call their twin boys Levi and Tate. Married at First Sight will be back for new episodes later this year but this time with the UK version. A start date hasn't yet been revealed by E4 so it could be some time before it begins. It was revealed though that the new series will consist of 30 episodes in total. Married at First Sight Australia is available to watch on E4.