Currently, free bus pass is available for Britons living in the UK once they reach state pension age, which is 66. But under current Government proposals, the state pension age is set to increase in the upcoming years. Due to the change, Britons over 60 will have to wait even longer for the benefit that they would have otherwise been able to get. As a result, Britons in the over 60s age demographic will have to wait even longer for a “freebie” benefit they would otherwise have been entitled to. In England, residents can claim a free bus pass once they reach the state pension age, whereas those living in Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland and parts of the UK including London could claim at age 60. This could see England residents waiting six or more years to get the same travel benefits as their counterparts in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. If the Government’s proposals remain in place, the state pension will rise from 66 to 67 between 2026 and 2028. READ MORE: Mother of two ‘distraught’ after losing ‘all the family’s savings’ in convincing scam This can be used until they are eligible for a Freedom Pass. To receive the free pass, residents can contact their local council in England to get help. People can access free travel on the bus, tube, tram, DLR, London Overground TfL Rail and most National Rail services in London as well as discounted fares on the Emirates Air Line and River Services using the photocard. A Freedom Pass is a concessionary travel scheme to provide free travel to residents in England, who are aged 66 and over or who have a disability. For applicants in other parts of England, they can go to the Gov.uk website where they will be asked to enter their postcode. They will then be redirected to a corresponding council website where they can download the application form. Scotland residents can apply for a National Entitlement Card. Residents are eligible for this scheme at the age of 60 or if they are disabled. Residents are eligible for this scheme at the age of 60 or if they are disabled. This provides free travel on local and long-distance bus services throughout Scotland. Before applying, residents are advised to have the following: