The end of the week will see a three-day weekend, as the bank holiday on May 2 falls next Monday. This means for those due to typically receive state benefits on that day including Universal Credit and Tax Credits, will instead see payments land in their respective accounts early. The reason for this being that banks are shut over the bank holiday, which means benefit payments are processed differently during this period. Payments will automatically be made to your account - meaning you don’t need to do anything ahead of the new payment date. Whenever there is a bank holiday, those receiving certain benefits will be affected. This typically affects those receiving Attendance Allowance, Carer’s Allowance, Child Benefit, Disability Living Allowance, Employment and Support Allowance, Income Support, Jobseeker’s Allowance, Pension Credit, Personal Independence Payment, State Pension, Tax Credits, and Universal Credit. The frequency of which these benefits are paid depends on the type of support you claim, for example, Child Benefit is usually paid every four weeks on a Monday or Tuesday, whereas Tax Credits are paid every four weeks or weekly.  READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants could get an advance on their first payment  Due to the bank holiday weekend, those who would have usually received a benefit payment on Monday, May 2, will see the money land in their account on Friday, April 29. This new date covers those mainly receiving Tax Credits, pension payments, and Universal Credit, as well as any others usually paid on the date falling on the upcoming public holiday. The second bank holiday in May typically falls on the last Monday of the month, however, due to the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, the holiday is being pushed back for workers to have a long bank holiday weekend to celebrate.  That bank holiday will now fall on Thursday, June 2, stretching over to Friday, June 3, to mark the jubilee. This means those due to receive payments on either of these days are more likely to be paid on Wednesday, June 1. If you don’t receive your payment when you expect to, it’s important to first check the date on the award notice. If the date is correct, you should phone the relevant helpline - a list can be found here. Although it should be noted most are likely to be shut over the bank holiday.  DON'T MISS: Working Tax Credit: Eligible Britons could receive over £2,000 [EXPLAINED]Carer's Allowance: Nearly half a million missing out on DWP benefit [ANALYSIS]Universal Credit help: Advance payments to budgeting loans [INSIGHT]    The UK has already celebrated three bank holidays and England and Wales due to see six more, whereas Scotland and Northern Ireland will see eight and seven respectively. The following bank holiday dates to take place across England and Wales include: 