Michaela Strachan, 55, has revealed that she has ambitions to compete in Strictly, but the producers haven’t been in touch just yet. The 55-year-old is taking part in ITV’s All Star Musicals, which returns tonight. Michaela would also like to compete in the BBC dance show. “It’s no secret that I’ve always wanted to do Strictly,” she said. The former children’s TV presenter explained: “I’ve actively put my hands up for it but never been asked! “I’ve been asked to do Dancing on Ice a couple of times and haven’t made the final line-up. READ MORE: Jada Pinkett Smith filmed ‘laughing’ as Will Smith slapped Chris Rock Michaela added that she has been enthusiastic about joining other dance shows, like Dancing on Ice, but circumstances meant she couldn’t do them. She said: “The last time I was asked I had to turn it down due to Covid travel restrictions [Michaela has lived in South Africa for 20 years], so when All Star Musicals came along, I was like, ‘Oh, my God, this is my dream!’ “I don’t even have to worry about hurting myself unless I do something really stupid…,” she told Radio Times. The Springwatch presenter was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2014, which she chose not to disclose for a few months. The former pop singer said she didn’t want viewers to be distracted by the news. She continued to present the show despite her diagnosis. Michaela added: “I wanted to just plough on as if it wasn’t all happening." In January, Michaela had to address speculation that she had gained weight. DON'T MISS:Richard Williams ‘doesn’t condone’ Will Smith Oscars slap [NEWS]POLL: Should Will Smith have his Oscar taken away for Chris Rock slap? [POLL] Jamie Lee Curtis weighs in on Will Smith's infamous Oscars slap [LATEST] The BBC star told Winterwatch viewers her appearance was due to an oversized coat on an exceptionally cold filming day. The show was broadcast live from Norfolk. Michaela joked that viewers may think she’d gained weight, but that this wasn’t the case. Chris Packham, Michaela’s co-presenter, asked the star how many layers she had on for the show. She replied: “Do you know, I've got about five layers on, and I've got a hot water bottle and a duvet.” “People might think I've put weight on since “Springwatch, but no I'm just well wrapped up,” she said, jokingly. GMB's Alex Beresford, actress Jacqueline Jossa, Coronation Street's Lisa George, actor Colin Salmon and rugby player Danny Care will also be taking part in All Star Musicals. Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times. 