Doing lots of loads of laundry can be a time-consuming chore as well as being expensive if buying lots of scented products. However, there are ways in which households can wash their clothes for cheaper, including using white vinegar and baking soda. White vinegar works by loosening dirt particles in clothing as well as softening clothes without harsh chemicals. Baking soda has great deodorising properties as well as helping to brighten clothes. Deyan Dimitrov, CEO of Laundryheap, the world’s leading on-demand laundry and dry cleaning service, told Express.co.uk: “As your clothing gets older and more worn, it becomes increasingly defenceless against the harsh chemicals in laundry detergents. “A cheap and gentle substitute for detergent is a solution of baking soda and white vinegar. READ MORE: Britain struggling to cope with transfer and storage of green energy “Add half a cup of both ingredients into your washing machine’s compartment before a cycle, and it’ll brighten and clean your clothing and neutralise any unwanted scents.” Deyan said this works particularly well for white clothing. White vinegar can also be used to remove stubborn clothing stains. The expert recommended mixing an equal ratio of water and white vinegar in a spray bottle. DON'T MISS:‘Household drinks’ to use when watering the garden [COMMENT]Phil Spencer: ‘Concentrate’ on the ‘bare bones’ when viewing homes [EXPERT]Houseplants: ‘Telltale signs’ your plant needs repotting [INSIGHT] Deyan added: “Spritz a moderate amount onto the target area and let it soak into the fabric for 10 to 15 minutes before gently dabbing the stain with a sponge or cloth and a soapy solution. “Baking soda can also be used to absorb any excess grease and oils, just leave it on the target area for at least 20 minutes, before brushing or vacuuming it away.” White vinegar can be picked up from retailers for as little as 39p. Fabric softener can be expensive, especially if washing clothes for a large family. Instead the expert suggested using white vinegar as a substitute. Deyan explained: “It has the same conditioning properties and can also work to remove stains on your clothing. “Unlike fabric softener, it also prevents a build-up of residue on items that can eventually turn materials scratchy and make them lose their colour. “Just add half a cup of distilled white vinegar to your washing machine’s detergent compartment before you run a cycle.” For those wanting to get more wear out of their clothes, making a deodorising spray at home is the best way to do so. The cleaning expert recommended mixing vinegar and water together before adding a few drops of essential oil into the solution. Once made, the solution can be sprayed over clothing to remove any musty or smoky odours. Deyan added: “Then, wash your item by adding half a cup of lemon juice or vodka to the washing machine to leave your clothes looking clean and smelling fresh. “Always check the label. Some items are too delicate to wash even with baking soda and white vinegar, so make sure you check the label first. “Some items, like silk, will need to be hand washed and others might need to be cleaned by a professional.”