House prices reached another record high in March for the ninth month in a row, according to Halifax’s latest house price index. Since March 2020, house prices have increased by an eye-watering £43,577. This has taken the national average house price from £239,176 in March 2020 to £282,753 in March 2022. Russell Galley, managing director at Halifax, said 2021’s strong momentum has continued into 2022 with the annual rate of house price inflation (11 percent) track at its highest level since mid-2007. The property expert said the new record price of £282,753 is an increase of £28,113 compared to one year ago. Property prices are remaining inflated due to limited supply and increased demand across the nation, despite there being increased pressure on the cost of living. There has been some evidence that more homes are coming onto the market, however, “the fundamental issue remains that too many buyers are chasing too few properties”. READ MORE: How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas He continued: “The effect on house prices makes it increasingly difficult for first-time buyers looking to make their first step onto the ladder, but also challenges homemovers who face ever bigger leaps to move up the rungs to a larger property. “However, in the long-term we know the performance of the housing market remains inextricably linked to the health of the wider economy. “There is no doubt that households face a significant squeeze on real earnings, and the difficulty for policy-makers in needing to support the economy yet contain inflation is now even more acute because of the impact of the war in Ukraine. “Buyers are therefore dealing with the prospect of higher interest rates and a higher cost of living. DON'T MISSHow to save spring bulbs after flowering - 4 easy steps to follow [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share dishwasher tablet tip to clean oven doors [UPDATE]Avoid keeping milk in door compartment of fridge to save hundreds [ANALYSIS] “With affordability metrics already extremely stretched, these factors should lead to a slowdown in house price inflation over the next year.” The southwest of England has now overtaken Wales as the UK’s strongest performer in terms of annual price inflation. The region has seen its highest rate of annual increase since September 2004, with the average house price now £298,162 - a record for the region. While Wales has not recorded the UK’s highest annual growth this month, house price inflation remains strong in the region, at 14.1 percent. The average house price is £211,942 which is an all-time high for the country. Property prices in Northern Ireland also continue to be on the rise, with annual growth now at 13 percent, and an average price of £177,265. The southeast has also recorded a large increase with house price growth at 11.6 percent, and an average of £385,790. London’s annual growth remains on an upwards trajectory with prices now up by 5.9 percent year-on-year, with an average price of £534,977. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Jason Tebb, Chief Executive Officer of property search website OnTheMarket.com, said: “As we head towards Easter and what tends to be a busier time of year for buying and selling homes, the market continues to break records. “With the biggest increase in monthly house price growth for six months and average prices reaching another record high, there remains a remarkable level of confidence in the housing market. “Buyer and seller sentiment continued unabated in March despite considerable upheaval in the wider economy and the cost of living crisis. “The market continues to adjust to a ‘new normal’, an elevated, faster-paced version of what we saw pre-pandemic. “We’re seeing an uptick in new homes coming to market, as you’d expect for this time of year, but still not enough to keep pace with demand. “It’s time for buyers to be bold and decisive or risk missing out.”  Nicky Stevenson, Managing Director at national estate agent group Fine & Country, said: “The housing market may well have hit maximum overdrive with this latest spike in prices. “While markets don’t always move in straight lines, we’ve seen so many records broken that these surges have begun to feel like the new normal. “Buyers are being encouraged to pay more and more because levels of housing stock remain low and competition is so fierce. “While agents across the country are beginning to see a rise in new listings, far more is needed to satisfy demand. “It’s as if the housing market has decoupled itself from the rest of the economy and the cost of living crisis has yet to make any dent on the prices people are willing to pay. “Whether buyers are forced to reassess their budgets later in the year will depend on how acute affordability pressures later become."