Thomas Scarrott, owner of Vale Holiday Parks, based in Aberystwyth, said hiring from abroad was more expensive, but added he attempted to hire locally. Mr Scarrott said hiring the five Indian chefs was not "through want of trying to fill those positions with people from the local area". He said his business, including nine holiday parks across Wales, had "tried and tried and tried" to hire locally, but with no luck. His business had held a jobs fair expecting 100 attendees, but only two turned up. He then added: "We've now got a team of sous chefs who've come over from India on a two-year sponsorship.” Speaking to the BBC, Mr Scarrott said recruiting from overseas was more expensive and time-consuming than employing local workers due to Home Office rules and the need to pay recruitment firms. He said: "It's not a cost-saving exercise. It's the only option we have." Mr Scarrott noted that across the hospitality industry, he said workers spent Covid lockdowns learning new skills and others opted to find jobs elsewhere with more sociable working hours. The workers that did return after Covid restrictions eased faced "pretty bad" abuse from customers while trying to enforce Covid rules, Mr Scarrott added. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Fishing row erupts as Falklands hammered by tariffs 1597243 UK Hospitality Cymru said following Covid, the sector employed up to 15 percent fewer staff than before the pandemic. David Chapman, Executive Director of UK Hospitality Cymru, said: “Staff have been furloughed, and they didn't know if they would even have a job to come back to afterwards. "A lot of these people went home to their families, and then, you know, two years on, they have found other ways to live their life." He also said: “The economic benefits, including the taxation returns, aren't the same [as pre-Covid], so it's more than a double whammy, it's more of a quadruple whammy at the moment.” The Welsh government said it "has been working with the sector on a recruitment campaign to highlight the range of personal development opportunities and potential career paths on offer in the sector". It said: "Since the start of the pandemic, the Welsh government has pulled every lever possible to back Welsh businesses. "To support businesses over the next 12 months, we're providing a £116m package of non-domestic rates relief for businesses in the sectors most directly affected by the Covid-19 pandemic. "This means retail, leisure and hospitality ratepayers in Wales will receive 50 percent non-domestic rates relief for the duration of 2022 to 2023." It comes after P&O Ferries fired 800 UK workers, and replaced then with Indian seafarers who earned as little as “£1.81-an-hour”. In March, the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) said replacement workers on P&O Ferries’ boats were being paid well below UK minimum wage. RMT General secretary Mick Lynch said the pay was “a shocking exploitation of those seafarers” and a “gut-wrenching betrayal of those who have been sacked”. From April 2022, the living wage in the UK is £9.50 per hour.