At an event at the White House Rose Garden, the American President announced his plans to tackle gun violence by cracking down on “ghost guns”, which have increasingly been used in crimes involving shooting. A new law introduced by Biden would make it easier for the police to track down and catch those who order these weapons online, which are not marked with a serial number making it very difficult to trace them.  President Biden has been under pressure to tackle gun deaths in the US, however not everyone is pleased with his new measures. In a clip shared by @Breaking911 on Twitter, Biden demonstrates how to put together one of these “ghost guns” and warns his audience about how easy it is to use. He said: “This is the gun. It’s not hard to put together. “A little drill, a hand drill at home, doesn’t take very long. “Anyone can order it in the mail. Anyone.”  Twitter user @SethPlaut backed the President’s stance, tweeting: “Huge W! Most Americans fully support common sense gun control like this!” Another user @gruzman28 wrote: “Good, now let’s take away the rest to make a safer America!” But user @jchip was less convinced by the new rules, writing: “There is a very long history of privately made firearms. “Technology changes, rights do not.”  READ MORE: Donald Trump savaged over Ukraine policy In another clip posted by @Breaking911 the POTUS stated: “I know it’s controversial but I got it done once - ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines!” He hit back at those who claim to need such weapons when they go out hunting, adding: “What do you think the deer you’re hunting wear Kevlar vests? “What the hell ya need 20 bullets for? You must be a hell of a terrible shot. “No, I’m serious. Think about it.” On Twitter @PeppetheFrog98 wrote: “As an American citizen I say we shouldn’t be allowed to have guns.”  DON'T MISS:Trump blasts Biden over immigration 'tidal wave' and makes 2024 hint [INSIGHT]Joe Biden missing in action while Boris walks streets of war-torn Kyiv [UKRAINE WAR]Biden-appointed Kennedy humiliated on US ambassador role to Australia [WORLD NEWS] However there were many opponents of Biden’s position, who referenced the Second Amendment of the US Constitution as a defence for gun possession. The Second Amendment states: “A well-regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.” Twitter user @inst_Koop asked: “What does deer have to do with the 2nd Amendment?”, whereas @RandyBoeBandy questioned: “What if we have a situation like Ukraine?” Another user @90DaysAgo shared a picture of a deer with the caption: “You don’t need 30 rounds to hunt with. “True. But the Founding Fathers didn’t write the Second Amendment because the deer were coming.” 