Prince Harry's aides are reportedly building a 'resolution' plan for him to visit the UK with his family during the celebrations, despite the Duke and Duchess of Sussex publicly stating that they haven't decided whether they intend to return, the Mirror reports. It is believed that Prince Harry will want to fulfill his grandmother’s wish and join his family this summer, according to sources close to the Sussexes. One source told the Mirror: “Harry is certainly in favour of going, so naturally plans are being put in place for him to make the trip should he want to confirm. “There is the issue of security and the ongoing court case which needs to be sorted out. “Previously it was a red line for Harry but there might be a resolution in the offering. “Everything will hinge on that, but Harry loves seeing his grandmother and wants to spend time with her and his family.” The Duke is currently in a legal battle with the Home Office after a row broke out over his security when visiting the UK. A potential 'resolution' in the battle, like the sources claimed, could include Prince Harry ultimately being offered security protection funded by UK taxpayers. The Sussexes have been invited to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Platinum Jubilee celebrations in the UK will last four days, from June 2 to 5. Meanwhile, Prince Harry has stated that he wants his two young children – Archie, two, and Lili, 10 months – to meet the Queen. He made the statement during an interview with journalist Hoda Kotb for the breakfast show Today. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'pathetic weak young man!' Harry slammed after interviewQueen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane MooreAussie TV hosts savages Meghan Markle as the 'Yoko Ono' of the royals  When asked if he will attend the Jubilee celebrations, he said: “I don’t know yet, there’s lots of things – security issues and everything else. “So this is what I’m trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her.” The Duke and Duchess's attendance at the Jubilee celebrations would cause a headache for Buckingham Palace staff, amid a series of rifts that have intensified following Harry’s interview. Prince Harry said that he went to see the Queen last week, ahead of a trip to The Netherlands to host the Invictus Games. He said he did it in order to make sure she is “protected” and that she has "the right people around her”. DON'T MISS: 'Incredibly tactile' Meghan and Harry's unusual public interactionRoyal Family ranked: Where Harry and Meghan stand in latest ratingsMeghan Markle and Prince Harry 'pushed out' Royal Family to stop clas  Prince Harry also met with his father, Prince Charles, last week, in an "awkward" 15-minute meeting last Thursday. A source told the Mirror: “Harry loved seeing his grandmother again and he is acutely aware of her advancing years. “He is desperate for Lily to meet her great-grandmother and for Archie to see her again now he is likely to enjoy and remember the event.” Sources close to Prince Charles told the Mirror that he is “at a loss” to explain his son’s latest comments to Hoda Kotb, regarding the Queen being "protected". A poll by Express.co.uk showed that the couple would not be welcome in the UK should they decide to return permanently. A whopping 17,579 people voted, with 97 percent of those polled (17,079 people) responding “no” to the question: “Would you welcome Harry and Meghan back to live in the UK permanently?” 