Piers Morgan has launched a furious attack on 'patronising' Lee Dixon after the former Arsenal star told the TV presenter to 'get over' Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's exit. Aubameyang was allowed to join Barcelona in the January transfer window after falling out with Gunners boss Mikel Arteta. The striker has been transformed at the Nou Camp, scoring nine goals in 13 appearances since joining Xavi's side. Since his departure, Morgan has frequently blasted the decision to allow him to leave and returned to criticising Arteta after Aubameyang's goal against Levante on Sunday. "Aubameyang scores again for Barcelona. His 10th goal in 14 games since Arsenal gave him away for free. Now officially one of the worst decisions in managerial history," Morgan tweeted. But Dixon, who won four top-flight titles with Arsenal disagreed with the media personality. "Piers. Really. You are really making yourself look rather silly. Enough. Get over it. He was disruptive. Club always bigger. You know that," he replied to Morgan. But the former GMB presenter fired back, blasting Arteta's 'mis-management' of the Gabon international. READ MORE: Piers Morgan uses Harry Kane performance to fire more shots at Arsenal "I don’t agree. We lost a world class striker because our manager mis-managed him. Quite clear from his form at Barca, where Xavi loves him, that he’s still a magnificent player. And we’re left with Lacazette who hasn’t scored this year. Terrible decision that will cost us Top 4," Morgan said. Again, Dixon disagreed with Morgan, replying: "Some players fit others don’t. Opinions is where it’s at. Our coach decided he didn’t fit. We all have our faves. He quite clearly is yours. Banging the Aub drum suits who? You and your agenda which is fine. But doesn’t help anyone but you. I would say ease off and support." DON'T MISS: Arsenal risk falling foul of Arsene Wenger’s Champions League aim (INSIGHT)Arteta warned Arsenal will go nowhere until he solves major issue (ANALYSIS)Arsenal's disallowed goal vs Brighton leads to rule change request (NEWS) But Dixon's comments infuriated Morgan, who slammed the Gunners legend for being 'patronising'. Morgan said: "You don’t need to be patronising. I’ve supported Arsenal for 50 years and always will. My only ‘agenda’ is for us to be a competitive team again. Giving our best striker away for free and bringing in no replacement is proving to be the terrible mistake I said it was at the time." While Aubameyang scored to help Barca defeat Levante, Arsenal were reeling from suffering their second successive defeat. Brighton's win at the Emirates means that Arteta's men are now three points behind fourth-placed Tottenham in the race for the final Champions League qualification spot.