The Scottish First Minister and the SNP have repeatedly sought another vote on a split from the rest of the UK before the end of next year. Nicola Sturgeon's devolved Government made clear its intent to lay a bill before Holyrood to legislate for a second Scottish independence referendum, but said it will only do so after next month's local elections. The SNP have tried to hammer home the case for Scottish independence - despite Scotland voting against it by a margin of 55 percent to 45 percent in 2014. But Martin Keatings, the man behind the “People’s Action on Section 30” court case, has claimed there is not enough time to legislate for, prepare for, and hold Indyref2 before the end of 2023. He organised a crowdfunder that saw around 11,000 people donate in excess of £155,000 to have the courts in the country answer whether or not the Scottish Parliament had the power to legislate to hold an independence referendum. The Scottish Government has continued to make clear its plan to fight the UK Government in the court over the right to hold a second independence referendum, should the bill be challenged. However, Mr Keatings claimed it is highly unlikely that Indyref2 will happen on the Scottish Government’s stated timescale. He said: “Let’s say the UK Government only challenges it [in the Supreme Court] once, that’s going to be at least a year while all that works itself out. "Then you’ve got at least another six months on top of that for putting through the appropriate bills at Holyrood for the question, the franchise, all that sort of stuff. "Then you’ve got another six months for putting all the resources together to hold a referendum. Then obviously you’ve got to allow time for campaigning. “So it does not matter what happens now, there will almost certainly not be a referendum by the end of 2023.” READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: 'UK leading by example!' Britons FURIOUS after attack Ms Sturgeon has continued to insist she will do everything possible to hold an independence vote before the end of 2023. Last month, she told LBC: “We, right now, should be reminded, above all else, how lucky we are to live in a free democracy where we can put forward our case for political constitutional change, argue that case passionately, whatever our views on that might be, and trust people to decide.” But the First Minister's timetable for a new independence referendum has come under further pressure with the overwhelming majority of Scots rejecting her plans. In a poll that will make horrific reading for the SNP and independence activists, just over a third (36 percent) of Scots are in favour of a vote taking place in 2023. DON'T MISSDamning chart shows shock amount EU still imports from Russia [REPORT]Have your say: Does EU row on Russian sanctions justify Brexit? [OPINION]'UK took action years ago!' Britain hits back at demands to follow EU [COMMENTS] When "don't know" results are excluded, there is a 60:40 ratio split against a vote in 2023. The findings from YouGov, which spoke to 1,029 Scots between March 29 and March 31, risk throwing the SNP's plans into jeopardy. The poll also found a majority of Scots would vote to stay in the UK in any referendum. Just over half (53 percent) would say "yet" to sticking with Britain. The remaining 47 percent would choose "no" if a vote was held tomorrow. However, if the vote was posed as a "Remain/Leave" question, support for remaining part of the UK increases to 59 percent compared to 41 percent in favour of independence. 