You’d be hard-pressed to find a dentist or oral hygenist who doesn’t recommend electric toothbrushes over manual ones. READ MORE: 14 best treadmills for home workouts 2022: Folding, silent and under £1000 READ MORE: 14 best mattresses 2022: Memory foam, pocket sprung and hybrid  Electric toothbrushes give your teeth a deeper, more thorough clean and also help you make sure you brush your teeth for the correct amount of time, with most models having built-in timers. But don’t be fooled - not all brushes are created equal, and while you can find a bargain, it’s worth it to do a bit of research to make sure your brush is doing everything you want it to. The answer to this question lies in narrowing down exactly what your needs are and what you’re looking for. The best electric toothbrush for you depends on what you’re looking to get out of your brush. For example, if you struggle with tooth sensitivity you should keep an eye out for a brush that’s been designed to be extra gentle. Or, if you’re looking to buff away stays you should look for one that’s been designed with whitening in mind. In order to help you find the best electric toothbrush for you, we’ve rounded up the seven best models for the most common dental concerns in 2022. Oral-B is the brand recommended number one by dentists worldwide, and this level of trust from dental professionals should give you peace of mind this sensitive model will be gentle on your sensitive teeth. The unique round head removed 100 percent more plaque than a standard manual toothbrush, while the 360-degree pressure control technology lets you know when you’re brushing too hard, helping to protect your teeth and gums from the damage that can come from overbrushing. Specifications: Battery life: Two weeks | Spare heads included: No | Pressure sensor: Yes | brushing modes: Three Without an effective oral hygiene routine, you’re putting yourself at the risk of contracting a gum disease, which can not only be extremely painful but can also lead to bad breath and tooth staining. This Sonicare Advanced brush from Philips comes with four brush heads so you can have backups at home when you need to replace your brush head, which is vital when preventing gum disease. The brush comes with four modes clean, white+, gum health, deep clean+, and three intensities for a personalised brushing experience. Specifications: Battery life: One week | Spare heads included: Three | Pressure sensor: Yes | brushing modes: Four Brushing with an electric toothbrush over a manual toothbrush removes up to 100 percent more plaque, so matter what model you go for you’re doing yourself a serious favour. This ProtectiveClean model from Philips has three intensity settings and a pressure sensor so you can ensure you’re blasting any plaque build-up without brushing too hard and causing damage to your teeth and gums. Specifications: Battery life: Two weeks | Spare heads included: No | Pressure sensor: Yes | brushing modes: Three Teach your little one healthy dental habits from a young age by introducing them to electric toothbrushes with this one from Oral-B that has been specially designed for kids. The automatic two-minute timer teaches them to brush to the dentist-recommended two minutes, and the round brush oscillates, rotates, and pulsates in order to remove 100 percent more plaque. Specifications: Battery life: One week | Spare heads included: No | Pressure sensor: No | brushing modes: One When you have braces, getting in between the braces to give your teeth a proper clean is extra tricky. And there’s no point spending thousands on orthodontic treatment only to let your hygiene fall by the wayside. This Waterpik Complete Care 9.0 set comes with a high-quality electric toothbrush and a water flosser, which will help you get into those hard to reach areas between your braces and ensure each tooth is getting a proper clean. Specifications: Battery life: One week | Spare heads included: No | Pressure sensor: Yes | brushing modes: Three This top of the line electric toothbrush from Philips is one of the best sonic brushes on the market - and promises whiter teeth in as little as one day. Electric brushes help to whiten your teeth more than a manual brush by buffing away the stains that cause yellowing, on top of helping to remove plaque. It sounds simple, but proper oral care with a top-quality toothbrush means you clean your teeth properly, which results in whiter teeth. Each of the four cleaning modes and three intensities in this Philips toothbrush helps you personalize your brushing experience for your brightest, healthiest smile. If you’re someone who travels a lot, the included charging travel case and 14 weeks of battery life in this brush mean the chances of it running out unexpectedly are fairly slim. Specifications: Battery life: 14 weeks | Spare heads included: No | Pressure sensor: Yes | brushing modes: Four This gentle yet thorough electric toothbrush helps to remove stains, effectively cleaning while still being gentle on gums. Using a new and innovative kind of technology, this brush can dissolve the molecular bonds that cause impurities to adhere to the tooth surface without the use of chemicals or special toothpaste. Specifications: Battery life: Two weeks | Spare heads included: No | Pressure sensor: Yes | brushing modes: Three According to most dentists, yes. Electric toothbrushes remove up to 100 percent more plaque than manual brushing alone, which leaves your teeth healthier, whiter, and brighter. The built-in timer also ensures you’re brushing your teeth for the correct amount of time, which can be hard to do when using a manual brush. While manual toothbrushes are usually a fair bit cheaper, you may be saving yourself a fair bit in future dentist fees if you make the swap to electric. That depends on the battery life, which we have outlined for our selection above. A good electric toothbrush can last up to fourteen weeks between charges, making it convenient to use and perfect for taking away on holidays. Lower quality models tend to need to be charged daily, as they aren’t as technologically advanced as their competitors. Most dentists recommend replacing your toothbrush head every three months in order to follow proper hygiene practices. Any longer than three months and your toothbrush head may be spreading more bacteria than its cleaning. If you struggle to remember to do this, some modern electric toothbrushes will send you a notification when it's time to replace your brush head. Otherwise, we recommend keeping a note on your phone so you can keep track. Yes, it is. Especially if you are someone who struggles with gum sensitivity. And even if you’re not, brushing too hard can actually cause gum sensitivity (and even receding gums). This is why it's so important to look for a built-in pressure sensor in your electric toothbrush, as it will instantly alert you when you’re brushing your teeth too hard so you can avoid enamel and gum damage.