The first two police officers to arrive following the attack in Leigh-on-Sea, Essex did not have guns, only batons. They tackled Ali Harbi Ali without stab vests or any other protective clothing. The 26-year-old Londoner had radicalised himself by consuming extremist material online before he stabbed Conservative MP Sir David Amess to death. Islamic State lone wolf Ali Harbi Ali secretly plotted his murderous act of terrorism for many years despite being known to authorities, police said. Following his conviction, Detective Chief Superintendent Dominic Murphy, said Ali had been involved with the Prevent deradicalisation programme in 2014. He said: "By Ali's own admission, and through our thorough investigation, we've identified that Ali was subject to Prevent in 2014. "He spent some time in Prevent and then came out of Prevent and by his own admission, carried on his activity in secret over many years, forming his plan and conducting reconnaissance and focusing his efforts on many MPs. READ MORE: Big Power Switch Off: When will UK blackout take place? "We say he was the true example of a committed terrorist and exactly the type of people that we should be focusing our efforts on." Mr Murphy said Ali did not engage with anyone else as part of the plot and conducted the attack entirely alone. "By his own admission, he spent an awful lot of time on the internet as part of his radicalisation journey and his research into conducting this attack," he said. Mr Murphy, from the Met's Counter Terrorism Command, declined to speculate on whether there were any missed opportunities to stop Ali. More to follow... He said the issue would be examined in more depth at any future inquest into the death Sir David. After Ali launched his attack in Leigh-on-Sea, Essex, he was apprehended by two officers armed with batons, the Old Bailey had heard. Mr Murphy said: "The Essex officers that attended on that day showed immense bravery, challenging an armed terrorist at the scene of a crime." The senior officer hailed the members of public who called 999 while remaining "extremely calm" in "very harrowing circumstances". DON'T MISS David Amess trial: 'Lone wolf' attacker Ali Harbi Ali found guilty [INSIGHT]Terror suspect who killed MP wanted to be martyr [ANALYSIS]Sir David Amess trial: 'MP's killer' wanted police to fire at him [VIDEO] In his police interview, Ali went on to give a detailed account of his terrorist activities to officers who "did an amazing job". On the wider investigation that followed, he said: "It would be tempting to think this was a relatively simple investigation, given that he was at the scene and armed with a knife. "But every investigation into a terrorist is really complex, very, very detailed, and needs to be methodical. And that is what has happened here." Despite Ali's apparent confession to police, he had pleaded not guilty to murder and preparing acts of terrorism.