Antonio Rudiger has been accused of financial greed by former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan after informing Chelsea of his desire to leave the club ahead of next season. The German defender is widely expected to join Real Madrid on a free transfer over the coming months, with the Spanish giants said to be closing in on a lucrative four-year deal to bring him to the Bernabeu. Rudiger has emerged as one of Chelsea's most important assets over the last few years but looks set to walk away from Stamford Bridge after failing to agree terms over an extension to his current contract in west London. It has been claimed by The Telegraph that Rudiger turned down the offer of a £200,000 weekly salary in order to hold out for an even bigger wage and a signing-on fee in excess of £10million.A number of Europe's biggest clubs have been linked with Rudiger over the last few months but Real Madrid now appear to be in the best position to snap him up after making plenty of recent progress in their efforts to secure his signature. However, Jordan is not best pleased with Rudiger's decision to leave Chelsea in search of a major payday and has launched a tirade of criticism towards the Blues defender via talkSPORT."He was into his last year, not because of a fall-out with [Frank] Lampard, he was into his last year with his mate [Thomas] Tuchel," said Jordan. JUST IN: Carlo Ancelotti compares living in Liverpool to 'a constant pandemic' "And if Tuchel wanted him, he could have perhaps done a deal with him last summer before all these restrictions came on. Have a look at the conditions, are you looking at some of the conditions they [Rudiger and his representatives] want?"£200,000 a week, which by the way is outrageous amounts of money. He wants a £10m sign-on, he wants his gastly, wretched agent £10m."This is madness. Greed, it’s absolute greed. He’s going to Real Madrid because he’s greedy, end of discussion. Good riddance." It remains to be seen whether Rudiger's proposed move to the Spanish capital will eventually come to fruition over the next few weeks as he begins to prepare for life away from Chelsea in advance of next season. Tuchel confirmed earlier this month that Rudiger had informed the Blues of his desire to seek a move elsewhere but insisted that he will continue to play a key role in their squad until the end of the campaign."We gave everything, me and the club, but we could not fight anymore because of the actions," said the Chelsea boss. "Without the sanctions we would at least be able to carry on fighting, but our hands are tied."We don't take it personally, it is his decision. He is a key figure and will stay that way until the end of the season, but it is disappointing, we will miss him a lot." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE