This Morning host Phillip Schofield has won the hearts of many breakfast TV viewers, but among the praise has been the "vile and disgusting" presence of social media trolls. The Dancing On Ice presenter has now confessed that he's cut the app out of his phone completely in protest. "I've deleted it... and I'll quite openly say that," he bluntly exclaimed. His comments emerged following the news that Elon Musk's bid to buy Twitter has been approved. There has been talk since of the possibility of all users needing to have their identity verified before engaging with the app - and that's a suggestion Phillip supports. "There's the side of the argument where, if you're gonna say something, make sure you can back it up with your own name," he stated. READ NOW: Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip "If that isn't the case, then it could become even more of a cesspit than it already is!" The ITV star continued: "There is a section that is wonderful and magnificent and funny and informative, [but] there is a section that is vile and disgusting and I want no part of it in my life." Phillip's most recent tweet was sent prior to Christmas last year - and, for a showbiz star, that's an uncommonly long time without a status update. He remains active on Instagram, where he has an impressive three million followers, but has comments on all of his photos switched off in a bid to deter the trolls. His This Morning co-star Vanessa Feltz echoed his sentiments, stating that she had "never been anywhere near it". "I've never even looked at it and the reason why is that I just don't think I have a strong enough constitution," she joked. "I would detest it, quite frankly. I'd be scared and I'd be horrified!" She added finally: "I don't wanna get embroiled in it at all." DON'T MISS... Peter Kay says he’s doing ‘great’ as he makes rare public appearance [INSIGHT] Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore [DEBATE] Gogglebox’s Malone family pulled aside at airport security after gaffe [LATEST]  However Vanessa did make news last year for her decision to join Instagram and post naked footage of herself in the bath-tub with a glass of champagne. The star joked later that her two daughters had disgraced and "disowned" her over the provocative pictures. She and Phillip had been talking about the dark side of social media on ITV's This Morning. Phil has previously landed himself in hot water with his cheeky humour on the show. For instance, on a This Morning cooking segment, the presenter branded a lamb kebab and couscous dish produced by chef Phil Vickery "horrid". He was seen recoiling and screwing his nose up in horror at the thought, leaving Holly to reassure him that at least it wasn't polenta. "You hate polenta!" she teased after seeing his dramatic reaction. Though Phillip might have abandoned his 4.4 million Twitter followers for now, he can still be seen regularly on This Morning.