Liverpool ace Joe Gomez could be reluctant to join Aston Villa this summer as the west Midlands side will not be able to offer him European football. The centre-back has been a bit-part player at Anfield since returning from a serious knee injury at the start of the season. Gomez joined the Reds from Charlton Athletic in 2015 and went on to become a first-team regular. The 24-year-old was heavily involved during Liverpool’s Champions League-winning 2018/19 campaign and formed a formidable partnership with Virgil van Dijk at the heart of his side’s defence as the Reds won their first Premier League title the season after. But Gomez was dealt a huge blow in November 2020 when he injured his patella tendon during an England training session and was ruled out for the rest of the season. By the time he returned to action, the likes of Joel Matip and Ibrahima Konate had moved ahead of him in the pecking order at Anfield. And the defender now struggles to get a game. Gomez will surely now be looking to resurrect his career elsewhere. But, according to The Mirror, Villa boss Steven Gerrard faces a major battle to convince the star to join his side as they won’t be competing in Europe next season. And he may therefore opt to move to a different club. MUST READ: Newcastle ‘ask’ Real Madrid chiefs about Marco Asensio transfer   Gerrard left Anfield to join LA Galaxy in the summer of 2015, just as Gomez was arriving. So the duo never got the opportunity to play together. But the former Rangers manager will still be looking to use his Liverpool links to persuade the defender to move to Villa Park. Gerrard was able to sweet talk Philippe Coutinho into joining him in the west Midlands in January as the Brazil international linked-up with his former Reds team-mate for a loan spell. And Gerrard’s pull should not be underestimated. The 41-year-old is highly-respected in the world of football after winning 114 caps for England and playing 710 times for Liverpool. DON'T MISS Arsenal to watch Tammy Abraham ‘up close’ as Roma set asking price Real Madrid boss Ancelotti responds to Rudiger question - 'Who?' Jules Kounde's view on joining Chelsea has not changed      Gomez, meanwhile, has started just nine games this season. But five of those have come in either the FA Cup or Carabao Cup. And he hasn’t been handed another England call-up since returning from his lengthy spell on the sidelines. So the player won’t want his career to stall for much longer. If he does end up leaving Anfield, the team who sign him will have to stump up a big fee as he still has two years remaining on his current deal. But in return they will get a player who has proved in the past that he can mix it with the best.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here