Ricky Gervais fans spotted him in Netflix documentary Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story, interviewing Savile before his sex crimes became known to the public. The programme documented his rise to fame and many celebrity supporters before his true, sickening nature was revealed. Savile died aged 84 in 2011, and shortly afterwards it emerged hundreds of allegations of sexual abuse had been made against him, leading police to conclude he may have been one of britain’s worst ever sex offenders. His victims ranged in age from 5 to 75, and included patients at a psychiatric hospital as well as paralysed hospital patients. One former Broadmoor nurse claimed she’d heard him confess to necrophiliac acts with corpses, having been given unrestricted access to the Leeds General Infirmary. His various charity work as well as his friendships with high-profile people including Margaret Thatcher and Prince Charles meant the public trusted Savile, though allegations of sexual abuse had plagued him throughout his career, despite them never resulting in a conviction. Ricky Gervais, the creator of The Office, appeared in the documentary, Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story, where he could be seen telling the BBC star he “looks absolutely brilliant” on his TV show Meet Ricky Gervais. In response, Savile jokes that he is 100 years old. Ricky calls Savile a “ladies man” who is “mad like Murdoch” but “not in a good way”. While the footage was filmed ten years before his crimes fully came to light, some fans were disappointed to see Ricky affiliated with Savile, and they were surprised to see Ricky was duped by him. When the disgraced disc jockey died, Ricky had tweeted: “RIP Jimmy Saville. My first guest on my first TV show. A proper British eccentric." Some Twitter users took aim at the fact Ricky had criticised celebrities for being friends with sex offenders Jeffrey Epstein and Harvey Weinstein while hosting the Golden Globes, but had held Savile in such high regard. James E Shaw wrote: "Most of his jokes about Ronan Farrow and Jeffrey Epstein would carry credibility if he wasn't the same Ricky Gervais who paid tribute to Jimmy Savile after he died." "Watched the Jimmy Savile documentary last night,” began Jesse Custer. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress [PICTURES]Kate Garraway 'moving to better place' after struggles, co-star hopes [INSIGHT]Dan Walker admits 'upsetting' Sally Nugent amid replacement update [ADMISSSION] “As well as disgusting me it also made me angry how he could dupe PM’s , royal family, celebrities (was that Ricky Gervais and Craig Charles fawning over him?) into letting him become part of the establishment. #JimmySavile.” “@rickygervais just seen the Jimmy Saville doc. You were duped by him too,” added @jwalt1974. Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Ricky for comment. Piers Morgan recently admitted he was mortified to have recorded a diary entry gushing over Savile when he first met him. He wrote in the Daily Mail in January: “In March 2009, I attended a friend’s wedding, and another guest came up to me to exclaim: 'Your TV shows are BRILLIANT. "'And as I’ve been in the telly business for 50 years, you can take that as an informed view.'" Piers added shamefully: "I proudly recorded this exchange in my diary and gushed: 'I’ve always loved Jimmy Savile.'"