Yesterday US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin held talks with President Volodymyr Zelensky in Kiyv on Vladimir Putin's barbaric invasion of Ukraine. They travelled via train from Poland to speak face to face in a sign of solidarity with the Ukrainian government. Mr Blinken pledged to further increase America's support for Ukraine to combat Russia's attacks, including an extra £560million in defensive aid. "We certainly saw people on the streets of Kyiv, evidence of the fact that the battle for Kyiv was won," Mr Blinken told a news briefing. "But that's in stark contrast to what's going on in other parts of Ukraine, in the south and the east, where the Russian brutality is just horrific." No10 today praised the US for increasing its support to Ukraine, pointing out that it had been Britain who first stepped in to help Kiyv prepare for war following Putin's annexation of Crimea in 2014. READ MORE ON OUR UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  The Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "I think it is welcome that this democratic coalition of countries supporting Ukraine continues to broaden and deepen. "We see that most clearly from the United States who are providing a huge amount of support alongside the UK. "Obviously we have been at the forefront of this work going back many years. "There's been operational orbital training - providing training to the Ukrainian armed forces - and of course one of the first countries to provide defensive lethal aid. We will keep going further with our allies." Operation Orbital was first launched in 2015 with around 100 UK Armed Forces personnel at any one time in Ukraine helping to provide training. It has focused on a range of areas including basic infantry and medic skills to help Ukraine modernise its forces. READ MORE: Russian TV panel LAUGHS while discussing nuclear attacks  Since the outbreak of conflict on February 24, the UK has also continued to train Ukrainian personnel in Britain. Last week they were taught how to use 120 British armoured vehicles before returning with them to fight Putin's forces on the ground. Last month President Zelensky heaped praise on Mr Johnson for the UK "helping more" than other Western allies in standing up to Moscow. DON'T MISS:Russia's 'only oil pipeline to EU' in flames - 3 countries face crisis [INSIGHT]'One chance to win the war' Putin facing do or die moment [UPDATE]Putin humiliated by mouse as Russian chopper destroyed in Ukraine [PICTURES]  "To be honest, Johnson is a leader who is helping more. "The leaders of countries react according to how their constituents act. "In this case, Johnson is an example," the war leader said in a magazine interview. Taking aim at other Western allies he accused France of being "afraid of Russia" and Germany of "making a mistake" by attempting to balance their economic ties with Moscow and their support for Ukraine's independence.  He added: "Britain is definitely on our side. "It is not performing a balancing act. "Britain sees no alternative for the way out of the situation." A street in Ukraine has even been renamed "Boris Johnson Street" in honour of the Prime Minister. 