EastEnders star Patsy Palmer has sparked anger for charging her most dedicated fans £17.99 for “exclusive” Instagram content. One fan berated her, pointing out there is a cost of living crisis. Since departing EastEnders, where she played Bianca Jackson, Patsy has become a DJ and moved to Malibu. To help pay the bills, she set up an Instagram page called The Good Life, where she shares how she “keeps herself sane” and “deals with the mental stresses of this world”. On her personal page, she shared a photo of herself with her 371k followers. “Would you subscribe to A GOOD LIFE,” she asked. Being a woman is about owning my power within. “My days are filled with being a mum , wife , entrepreneur, actress , haircare brand / wellness owner , DJ , writer , influencer and public figure . My time is very precious and who I share that energy with is becoming more important to me . “I’m so happy that Instagram have created a space for creators to give exclusive time and content to their loyal fans / followers .” Patsy continued: “Would you want to know how I keep myself sane , how I deal with the mental stresses of this world ? A behind the scenes look at Malibu life . “I’ll be sharing exclusive curated content with people that are on this wellness journey to creating a good life for themselves . “I have a lot of life experience to share in various things all leading back to inspiring you to create a GOOD LIFE for YOU!! “Let me know what content you would like to see , what inspires you . Do you thinks lives are the best or do you enjoy seeing beautiful content of my trips in nature ? Behind the scenes of what it is to live in MALIBU and the local way of life ? “It’s all new and exciting and I’m grateful to meet you all on this journey to the lighter side of life”. Some of Patsy’s fans were unimpressed, as Julzfoxy wrote: “I don't understand why as fans, we have to pay £17.49 per month to get the full patsy life? good luck with your journey, I'll be waiting back here, enjoying the lovely stuff you post for the rest of us … and I'm not trolling in anyway! “Before anyone gets rude, just sad we have to pay now... “ (Sic). Another replied: “£17.99 a month,” alongside a shocked face emoji. “I don't understand why as fans, we have to pay £17.99 per month to get the full Patsy life?” asked a third, according to the Daily Mail. “Unfortunately there are so many things we have to pay for now, monthly, it's a very selective choice. I am in the process of canceling and resetting what I subscribe to,” (sic) added a fourth. Patsy hit back at the negative remarks, replying: “Without resource we cannot create better. Creators work extremely hard to deliver what there followers want from them. “Mostly creators operate from a different head space than other people which makes it very hard for them to monetize because they want to share expression with others. She continued: “There are limits on the energy people have that create, so having an exchange of energy. “Be it exchanging talents and gifts that each have to offer or using money to enjoy the creators talents, inspirations, art, music, TV, coaching, teaching etc is a far better way to receive the best they have to offer at any given time.”