Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick has played down suggestions that growing speculation about Erik ten Hag is affecting his squad amid a dire run of results. On Saturday, the Red Devils looked uninspired again as they fell to a disastrous defeat against relegation-threatened Everton. Rangnick made six changes, some enforced, from the lacklustre 1-1 draw against Leicester City last weekend. But it didn't spark improvement as Anthony Gordon's deflected first-half strike inflicted a 1-0 defeat at Goodison Park, one of the worst of United's nightmare campaign. During the week, reports surrounding the club's manager hunt intensified, with Ten Hag thought to be the chosen candidate with talks at an advanced stage. However, Rangnick has denied the media storm regarding United's next boss is negatively impacting his players. After full-time, he told reporters: "I don't see any connection [when asked if Erik ten Hag talk is a distraction]. I don't see any connection between this issue or this excuse. A new manager is coming soon. It doesn't matter if it is announced in five days, 15 days or 20 days." JUST IN: Five things we learned as Mount stars in Chelsea romp vs Southampton United have won just one of their last seven games in all competitions and are winless in their last three. Saturday's dire defeat kept Rangnick's side in seventh, three points behind fourth-place Tottenham ahead of their trip to Aston Villa. And the German coach has admitted his squad currently 'don't deserve Champions League football' after failing to score at Everton. He continued: "All the players want to play at the highest level, in the Champions League, but if we play as we did today, then we don't deserve it. The players shouldn't struggle with the expectation at this club. You have to score the first goal in a game like this." READ MORE: Man Utd star David De Gea hits out at attackers after Everton loss Rangnick cited his attackers' lack of penetration against Everton's low block as the primary reason for United's struggles at Goodison. But he re-insisted his determination to help Cristiano Ronaldo and co develop their attacking effectiveness for the remainder of the season. "We have to help the team to find better solutions," Rangnick added. "We had four strikers on the pitch for the first 60 minutes and played as we did. We need to be more penetrative, but in total, we just didn't have enough players in the box." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here