Edwina Currie, who appeared via video link on Wednesday's instalment of Good Morning Britain, stressed how "it is not the right time" for Boris Johnson to resign, especially at the moment with Russia continuing to invade Ukraine. The broadcaster's remarks came in the wake of the Prime Minister and Chancellor Rishi Sunak breaking coronavirus laws. Ranvir Singh stated: “You said you’re pretty sure Boris Johnson he did break the rules, he must have broken the rules. “Do you mean the ministerial rules about misleading parliament? Do you believe now we know what we know, he’s been fined, he did break the law that you do believe, as you said quite casually in a way, that you think he did break the ministerial code. “But actually, that in itself shouldn’t be enough to make him resign. Is that what you’re saying? I just want to be clear.” “Ranvir I don’t care,” Currie hit back. “I really don’t care. What matters for me and what matters for millions of people in this country is the results we get from our politicians. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage “The results we get from Boris are pretty good. I want to hold him to account for all sorts of things. “We’ll get to a general election in 2024. Well, just let me put it on the record, last week we had a by-election here in the peak and we took a seat from Labour which means we took control of the borough from Labour and everybody had the opportunity to express their view point and what happened was we won the seat.” It came after Currie told the hosts: "You have been reporting on Ukraine, we have millions of refugees in Europe, we have a vicious war going on and we have thousands of refugees actually arriving in this country. "If we de-stabilise this country by getting rid of the Prime Minister, the Ukrainians would think we would be crazy getting rid of Boris as he is known as one of the strongest supporters in ensuring they actually win this war and Putin would be laughing. "Is that actually what we all want?"  She continued: "If we destabilise this country by getting rid of the Prime Minister in an undemocratic way, when in fact it is the right of the electorate to do that when it comes to a general election, how are we going to cope with the other crises and problems this country is facing?"She explained her husband died during the pandemic following a battle with cancer and while she wanted 300 people at the funeral she was only allowed 30 due to lockdown restrictions.However, she stressed: "That's then, we can't undo that, let's get the fines paid and move on."Boris has a job to do and I think he is doing it rather well."  DON'T MISS...GB News guest on what Tory MPs are using to determine Boris's fate [LATEST]'You'd have no functioning government' BBC's Kay tears into Reeves [VIDEO]Nick Ferrari calls for reality check over partygate fines [INTERVIEW] Currie's controversial comments divided ITV viewers on Twitter, with Eileen Beer commenting: "I would have loved nine minutes of sitting with my dying father with a bit of birthday cake but I followed the rules and now the guilt I feel is overwhelming. I can’t move on. Please try and understand how this has made people feel."Brian Johnson fumed: "No. You are wrong; now is the perfect time to get rid of the PM."Jane Carrington stated: "How can we move on @Edwina_Currie and draw a line under it when every time I switch the news on I'm reminded I lost my dad? I didn’t see him for weeks before he died, I live with the guilt daily he died alone, my precious dad."Val Watkins remarked: "I have no words for this person. In her words “she doesn’t care” and that seat they won last week, was before people heard about the fines!" However, Simon Green backed Currie's comments and added: "Sadly she speaks sense. Now is no time to change. Just make it clear they will go once the country settles."Ray Clarke said: "Exactly Edwina, spot-on. Now is not the time. Let him get on with the serious problems going on at moment both at home and internationally."The Prime Minister has admitted it “did not occur” to him the nine-minute birthday celebration had breached lockdown rules.But he apologised “in the spirit of openness and humility” and explained he understood voters’ anger after he “fell short”.