Her Majesty’s orange head scarf and dress combo, worn during a tour of the West Indies in 1966, also featured in the top 20 most iconic looks. Other outfits included a simple black dress, pearl necklace and a bundle of poppies at The Royal Albert Hall for Remembrance Sunday in 2001, and a more casual look of a blazer, knee high boots and colourful head scarf worn at the Windsor Horse Show in 1988. It also emerged a quarter of adults have felt personally inspired by her majesty’s looks. And 40 percent believe the nation as a whole has been influenced, due to her classic style (50 percent), distinctive look (43 percent), and “simple yet effective” outfits (42 percent). But 38 percent believe the Queen’s style has evolved to be more colourful over the decades, with the most popular shades to see her in being light blue (27 percent), yellow (22 percent) and navy blue (21 percent). And 67 percent think that no-one else dresses like the Queen. The research, commissioned by centre:mk ahead of the Platinum Jubilee, saw respondents predict a silver look for the celebrations, with gold and lilac also proving popular. Almost half believe the Queen will be remembered for her style, with 45 percent always looking forward to seeing what she is wearing at a royal event. Kim Priest, from centre:mk, said: “It’s great to see how many people appreciate the Queen’s unique, quintessentially British style ahead of this year’s Jubilee celebrations. “The Queen’s style is, and always will be, recognised by the nation. She is best known for her statement hats, handbags, as well as head scarves, and her use of colour. “Inspiring many, her most iconic outfits range from the 1950s all the way up to today, showing that her looks have evolved over time. It proves that style doesn’t have to vanish with age – it really is timeless. “The survey shows both her formal and informal looks are popular – from boots being worn at horse shows, to elegant dresses at royal events. “The Queen has always been confident in her style. She is an inspiration to us all to be comfortable in what we wear.” The study also saw those polled typically describe Her Majesty’s style as classic (41 percent), elegant (38 percent) and colourful (34 percent). But over the years, many believe her looks have evolved – either to be braver and bolder (24 percent), to fit in with current trends such as popular colours (23 percent), or to make more of a statement (20 percent). And nearly half (43 percent) believe pop culture about the royals, such as “The Crown”, has altered how people perceive the Queen’s style, with half of 18-24 year-olds personally inspired by her looks – more than any other age group. A fifth also said the Queen has inspired them to feel more confident with colourful fashion. Specific fashion trends inspired by the Queen are handbags (49 percent), brooches (31 percent) and hats (26 percent), along with head scarves (22 percent) and dress coats (22 percent). The study, carried out via OnePoll, saw Kate Middleton (47 percent) and Princess Diana (41 percent) named among other members of the royal family Brits believe to be style icons – with Prince William (11 percent) being the top male. TOP 20 LOOKS WORN BY THE QUEEN: