The Berkshire Hathaway vice-chairman shared his hilarious plan as he was questioned about how the company would handle a potential nuclear war. Charlie Munger, 98, said: "I know a guy that says if a nuclear war starts, I’m going to crawl under my kitchen table and kiss my ass goodbye." He added: “Berkshire has no ability to save the world from nuclear war.”  Joining in the hilarious response, partner Warren Buffett added: "Charlie is in charge of our risk control." Mr Buffett, 91, who is Berkshire's chairman and chief executive, and Mr Munger fielded questions in a downtown arena in Omaha, Nebraska. Vice-Chairmen Greg Abel, Buffett's designated successor as CEO, and Ajit Jain also joined them. It followed Berkshire revealing it had scooped up more than $51 billion of stocks in the first quarter, including a much larger stake in Chevron Corp, and has for now stopped repurchasing its own stock. JUST IN: 'Pray for your moss-covered Queen' Putin mouthpiece loses it in bizarre anti-UK TV rant The company also said operating profit was little changed in the first quarter, as many businesses were able to boost revenue despite supply chain disruptions caused by the Omicron variant of COVID-19 and Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Mr Munger also hit out at calls to remove Mr Buffett as chairman of the company. He said: "It’s the most ridiculous criticism I ever heard. "It’s like Odysseus would come back from winning the battle of Troy and so forth and some guy would say, ‘I don’t like the way you were holding your spear when you won that battle." READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares 'magic number' predicting when to fix your energy bills to save  The comments come after the California Public Employees' Retirement System said earlier this month they would vote in favour of a shareholder proposal to remove Mr Buffett from his position. Mr Munger added: "Some guy that’s never run any business, doesn’t know anything — I don’t think too much of this activity." Shareholders will vote later on whether Berkshire should replace Buffett with an independent chair--he would remain chief executive--and disclose how its dozens of businesses promote diversity and address climate risks and mitigation. Berkshire's board opposes the proposals. DON'T MISS: Interest rates to reach three percent next year [ANALYSIS] Euro plunges to lowest level for 5 years in EU disaster [LATEST] Barclays sees earnings soar off rising interest rates [SPOTLIGHT] 