Kate Middleton stepped out with Prince William for Anzac Day, today. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge attended a service at Westminster Abbey, and royal fans saw Kate opt for a cream coat dress, and black accessories. She chose Princess Diana’s Collingwood earrings for the occasion, and wore a matching cream headband with a black bow at the back. The dress is not a new item in Kate’s wardrobe it is the same dress she wore for Princess Charlotte’s christening back in 2015. The coat dress is by designer Alexander McQueen and is a classic knee-length but features a sharp shift-style silhouette. There is a dramatic inverted neckline and exaggerated lapels on the upper half. The dress is said to be custom-made for the Duchess for her daughter’s christening service. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte to inherit Diana's 'iconic' jewel over Lilibet In terms of accessories, the Duchess chose Princess Diana’s Collingwood Pearl earrings. These earrings were given to Kate’s later mother-in-law as a wedding gift, and she wore them for the first time a month before her nuptials with Prince Charles and continued to sport them frequently thereafter. Kate was first seen wearing the earrings in 2017 for the Spanish state banquet. The Duchess also wore the earrings in one of the photos for her 40th birthday portraits. DON'T MISS... Prince Harry savaged as Trump rages over Queen's treatment [VIDEO]'Best person for the job!' Princess Anne tipped to replace Harry role [INSIDER]Kate Middleton to shake up 'outdated royal rules' as Queen consort [UPDATE] She wore them again, more recently, for Prince Philips's memorial service, pairing them with one of Diana’s favourite patterns, polka dots. The Collingwood diamond and pearl earrings are said to be worth £30,000, according to Steven Stone jewellers. Kate also carried a black clutch bag and a pair of cream gloves. The gloves are said to be by glovemakers Cornelia James and are the 'Maud' style in colour Parchment. They are suede cotton dress gloves with leather trim and are priced at £185 online. Kate also wore a cream headband, which featured a black bow at the back, with her hair in a half-up, half-down style. Headbands seem to be a new addition to Kate’s style. Today’s cream and black bow headband was designed and created by Jane Taylor. She also designed and created Kate’s pale blue headband which she wore for Easter. On her feet, Kate had chosen classic black heels, said to be Gianvito Rossi suede pumps On the left lapel, Kate also wore a red poppy and a small diamond brooch.