The parking charges are split up into bands which categorise which vehicles will have to pay based on how environmentally friendly the car is. The maximum charge is £33.50 for those wanting to pay for up to nine hours, who have a non-Euro 6 compliant diesel vehicle. For Band 5 - which is all non-Euro 6 compliant diesel vehicles that produce more than 201g/km of CO2 - one hour of parking will cost drivers £5.50. In comparison, cars in Band 1 that release less than 100g/km of CO2 will only pay £1.50 for parking. All electric vehicles will benefit from this, as the price to stay for up to nine hours is £13.50, just £1 more expensive than it would be for a diesel car to park for three hours. Express.co.uk readers have now shared their huge dissatisfaction with the new parking proposal with some calling the measures a “pure dictatorship”. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined thousands for wearing too baggy jeans One reader named Cas1919 said: “This country is becoming a pure dictatorship to all drivers, the rules/regulations in this day and age are appalling. “People complaining about polluting the air are obsessed with the ozone and 'saving' the planet but what about India, China, and Putin playing with his toys yet nothing is said about that because the Government and Councils 'working' from home penalise drivers.” Another Express reader Jon Joe said: “The councils are supposed to represent the people. “They seem obsessed with money, yet services don’t improve. DON'T MISS Red diesel ban will create 'perfect storm' of costs as drivers warned [WARNING] Huge road changes could be made to protect people from 'silent' EVs [REVEAL] Electric car driver fined £100 after charging for just five minutes [SHOCKING] “There is something seriously wrong here, all the money they make, yet invent even more charges & then plead poverty. “All in the so-called name of saving the planet, the biggest con & guarantee to make money. “Time they were taken to task enough is enough.” KDave added: “So petrol and diesel drivers are forced to pay car tax on their car’s emissions and are now forced to pay for their emissions in the form of parking surcharges! “It's a bit like going into a restaurant paying for a meal, then having to pay again to have the plates cleared up and washed!” Another reader commented: “I guess they think EVs don't produce any emissions...when we all know they are just as 'dirty' to produce what with all the quarrying for lithium and the power to run them comes from coal-powered power stations.” A reader named Expert added: “I think there is going to be an uprising over a policy like this. “Green now looks like mud to many in this country. “Green is also a now a rich man’s way to have our roads to themselves. “If we cannot use our roads then nor will the rich.” However, there were other users who disagreed. Some commented that the new rules will help in persuading drivers to get rid of their “polluting” diesel vehicles. One Express reader said: “Good! Hopefully, it'll help to persuade drivers of old diesels to get something less polluting. “Sick of having to breathe in the toxic stench these things leave everywhere they go. “Somehow, people seem to think they have a right to pollute the air we all breathe. “Sorry, you don't. Get something cleaner and it doesn't have to be electric either.” The car park is run by Lewisham Council, who have launched this new charging scheme as part of its Climate Emergency action plan, according to MyLondon. Council bosses expect to bring it around £300,000 extra a year from the changes to short-stay parking for cars and vans.