The Met Office has warned that winds will pick up across northern Scotland, Northern Ireland, North Wales and North West England across today and tomorrow. It has also said that snow will fall on high ground today, as well as on the Pennines and North Yorkshire Moors tomorrow. By Sunday, the forecaster told Express.co.uk, temperatures will drop to lows of -5C in the North and -2C in the south. This comes after the Met Office issued six yellow warnings for wind and snow earlier today. The wind warnings, issued in North West England, Wales and Northern Ireland, are in force overnight on Wednesday into Thursday morning. The snow warnings are in force in Central, Tayside & Fife, Grampian and Highlands & Eilean Siar. The forecaster warned that there could be some delays to road, rail, air and ferry transport, adding that "short term loss of power and other services is possible". It said: "Winds will increase this evening across parts of Northern Ireland, with gusts to 50 or 55 mph likely in places, perhaps 60 mph in a few exposed spots, before easing beyond midnight. "Across North Wales and northwest England, winds are expected to peak during the early hours, when gusts will widely reach 50 to 60 mph, and possibly around 70 mph close to some coasts." Speaking to Express.co.uk, the Met Office's Richard Miles said: "It will be windy in places today and tomorrow, particularly northern Scotland, Northern Ireland, North Wales and NW England, with gusts up to around 60mph possible around the Irish Sea tonight. "Snow accumulations are likely to be confined to high ground – mainly in Scotland but on Friday the Pennines and North Yorkshire Moors could see some wintry showers. "In general it will stay relatively mild in the south today but turning colder everywhere over the next few days. "Wet in the north today and tomorrow, showery elsewhere, continuing into the weekend although eastern parts might remain fine all day on Saturday. READ MORE: Met office weather warnings: Power loss alert amid heavy wind and snow "Frosty starts Friday to Sunday, with minimum temperatures of perhaps -5C in the north and -2C in the south." Meanwhile, weather forecaster WXCharts has predicted up to 5.5inches (14cm) of snow in parts of Scotland by Thursday, with up to 2.4inches (6cm) falling per hour across the region. On Thursday, up to 0.4inches (1cm) per hour is likely to fall in Newcastle and 0.1inches (0.3cm) per hour in Liverpool. According to WXCharts, minimum temperatures will reach lows of -5C in Scotland on Sunday, -1C in Newcastle and 0C in Birmingham and London. DON'T MISS: Jet stream to freeze Britain - rain, snow and icy gales till Easter [REPORT] Spain holidays in ‘jeopardy’ after Costa del Sol hit by storm [INSIGHT] Snow tracker: Scotland braced for -6 Arctic blast - Met Office [ANALYSIS] Wind gusts will reach maximum speeds of 55mph (89kmph) in the north and 47mph (75kmph) in London on Sunday. Jo Farrow, forecaster for Netweather, said that the cold temperatures are caused by "cold Arctic air". She said: "Gradually through Wednesday another frontal divide pushes down from the northwest, and it is behind this that the cold Arctic air begins to spread in. "The original front still bringing rain, sleet and wet snow to the Northern Isles, showery rain in clusters moving across Britain from the west. "There could be wet snow over the highest hills on Wednesday too, all on a brisk wind.  "Then through Wednesday night, the front in the far north looks to move over northern mainland Scotland with more snow and showery outbreaks of rain, sleet and snow wrap around into Northern Ireland and more of Scotland. "There could be snow over northern England by Thursday morning as well as eastern Scotland and disruption possible for the morning commute. She added: "The overnight low into Thursday will also bring strong winds. "Turning colder for all of the UK but very windy around the low for NW Scotland and Northern Ireland into the North Sea early Thursday. "Then back to real cold by Thursday afternoon in a brisk north to NW wind, with a damp feel to things. "The winds fall light during the next few nights so a widespread frost, with the risk of ice."