Over the past two weeks, a number of revelations about Johnny Depp and Amber Heard have been outed due to their ongoing defamation lawsuit. Depp has sued his ex-wife for $100 million over an op-ed she wrote; Heard countersued for a further $100 million. In the trial this week the topic of Depp's severed finger came up, and how it affected his job. During the hearing, Depp claimed Heard cut the tip of his right middle finger off during an argument. Depp said Heard followed him to the bar in his Australian home, yelled at him for drinking, and "threw two bottles at him". He added that one of these bottles hit him in the hand. He said: "It made contact, and it shattered everywhere. I honestly didn't feel the pain at first, what I felt was heat, and I felt as if something were dripping down my hand. Then I looked down and realized that the tip of my finger had been severed, and I was looking directly at my bones sticking out and the meaty portion of the inside of your finger." (Via Insider) This debilitating injury left him with a large portion of his finger missing. What's more, it massively affected how Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge was shot. The Disney movie was Depp's fifth Pirates of the Caribbean film, where he starred as Captain Jack Sparrow. The Edward Scissorhands actor revealed the House of Mouse was forced to use CGI to make his finger look more "normal" in the film's final edit. He said in the stand: "They would put little green dots on the splint or whatever, the bandages. "So in post-production, they could use what's called computer-generated imagery - CGI - to erase the bandage and replace with it a normal finger. And that's how we finished the film." The filming of Salazar's Revenge was plagued with a number of issues on top of this. READ MORE: Pirates of the Caribbean 6: Johnny Depp speaks on Jack Sparrow future Depp was also reportedly fed his character's lines through an earpiece while on set. But, despite the fact Heard allegedly cut his finger off and changed how Pirates of the Caribbean was being shot, Depp didn't tell the police. Depp said he did not tell the hospital that Heard had anything to do with his cut finger. He revealed: "I didn't want to disclose that it had been Ms Heard that had thrown a vodka bottle at me and then took my finger off. I didn't want to get her in trouble." DON'T MISS...Pirates of the Caribbean 6: Johnny Depp speaks on Jack Sparrow future [NEWS]Johnny Depp rewrote Pirates of the Caribbean character [NEWS]Johnny Depp claims Amber Heard stubbed cigarette out on his face [INFO] Depp added: "I tried to just keep things as copacetic and easy as possible for everyone. I didn't want to put her into that mix." Heard, on the other hand, denied any wrongdoing. She wrote in a statement in response to his lawsuit: "I did not throw a vodka bottle — or any other kind of bottle — at Johnny, nor did I cause that injury to Johnny's finger." Instead, she claimed Depp was "supposed to be clean" at the time, and she yelled at him for drinking. The 36-year-old said he severed his fingertip by "slamming a hard plastic phone against the wall". Between the gruesome details of Depp's lawsuit, more information was given about the future of the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise. Depp was asked by Heard's attorney, Ben Rottenborn: "The fact is, Mr Depp, if Disney came to you with $300 million and a million alpacas, nothing on this earth would get you to go back and work with Disney on a Pirates of the Caribbean film? Correct?" The star responded: "That is true, Mr Rottenborn." The last Pirates of the Caribbean movie was released in 2017. No new film has been announced yet, but Margot Robbie has been confirmed to star in the next addition to the series. The Pirates of the Caribbean films are available on Disney Plus now. SOURCE / SOURCE