The Portuguese Man O' War jellyfish, which is a highly toxic and very dangerous species, has been found on Famara beach, a popular spot in the northwest of Lanzarote. The Lanzarote Security and Emergency Services reported a "significant number" of the dangerous jellyfish at the popular holiday spot on Wednesday. The lifeguard services also put up a flag warning about the danger in the coastal area of the municipality of Teguise. Holidaymakers could be facing one of the most poisonous and painful stings of jellyfish. The toxic species can cause fever, headache, local inflammation, nausea, vomiting or nervousness. READ MORE: BA cancels over 100 flights   Eugenio Robayna, councillor for Emergencies at Teguise Town Hall, said that the warning signs have been placed along the coastline this morning so all holidaymakers are aware. He explained that there have been no stinging incidents so far but the region remains on high alert. This species' sting is produced in a matter of milliseconds, so people have too little time to react and try to avoid it. Although it can be very painful, it is not fatal.  The pain disappears after a couple of hours. Bathers should contact the emergency services or the lifeguards at their beach as soon as possible if they spot one, as care should be taken whether one is found in the sea or dead on the shore. This is because its venom can still cause harm. National Geographic said about the Portuguese Man O' War jellyfish: "These long, thin tendrils can extend 165 feet in length below the surface, although 30 feet is more the average. They are covered in venom-filled nematocysts used to paralyze and kill fish and other small creatures. For humans, a man-of-war sting is excruciatingly painful, but rarely deadly." The NHS states what people should do if they've been stung by a jellyfish. The health body says: "If help is not available: Rinse the affected area with seawater (not fresh water) Remove any spines from the skin using tweezers or the edge of a bank card Soak the area in very warm water (as hot as can be tolerated) for at least 30 minutes – use hot flannels or towels if you cannot soak it Take painkillers like paracetamol or ibuprofen."  The NHS also warned people should never "use vinegar or pee on the sting". It added: "Do not apply ice or a cold pack, do not touch any spines with your bare hands and do not cover or close the wound."