Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has claimed that Romelu Lukaku 'didn't look bothered' during Chelsea's 4-2 defeat to Arsenal on Wednesday night. The Blues slumped to a surprise derby day defeat to the Gunners, who put Thomas Tuchel's side to the sword to end a three-match losing run in style at Stamford Bridge. It was another miserable night for the Londoners' club-record £97.5million signing, who was hauled off by Tuchel after just an hour. And Hasselbaink was in no mood to defend the former Inter Milan hotshot - with the former Chelsea striker insisting that Lukaku's body language left a lot to be desired. Hasselbaink told Sky Sports: "I think for Chelsea today it was a bad performance, a really, really bad performance. Certain players are getting an opportunity like (Romelu) Lukaku, (Malang) Sarr, (Andreas) Christiansen and when we go back to Lukaku, he does not do enough. "If you want to be the man, you need to at least run around. You have to try and show that you are bothered and that you want to suffer, and he simply does not run around, he does not go into gaps and he doesn’t go into space and without doing that, you are not going to score. Chelsea were very static and if you are going to have players that play like that, you have no chance." READ MORE: Man Utd 'ready to sell' three defenders as Red Devils revive interest Lukaku - who was booed by a portion of Chelsea fans as he trudged off - has struggled to live up to expectations since he completed a romantic return to Chelsea last summer. The 29-year-old made an electric start to life back in the Premier League - netting three goals in as many games - but the goals have dried up, with Tuchel preferring Kai Havertz in the central striking role in recent weeks. As well as Lukaku's disappointing displays on the pitch, he's also drawn the ire of Tuchel and Chelsea fans with a number of controversial comments in the media. Before the match, Hasselbaink had backed Lukaku to make an impact after being handed another chance to impress Tuchel, with the Burton Albion boss insisting that a manager "never gives up" on their players. But it's looking more and more likely that Lukaku is already on borrowed time - less than 12 months after his mega-money return to SW6. Despite another inept display, Tuchel refused to single out Lukaku or any other Chelsea players after the demoralising defeat in a tense post-match exchange. The Blues boss raged after the match: "We conceded seven goals with Toni [Rudiger] against Brentford and Real Madrid, that answers the question. It's not about individual players. A defensive performance is a team performance, and an offensive performance is a team performance. You need to have the tactics right, which is doubtful I had this right, and you need the team selection right, again it's doubtful I had this right. "Then it's a game for the players. They get full praise when they do it when they did it for the last three matches. And they have to face the reality that it's impossible to win matches if you make this amount of mistakes of this calibre. It's simply impossible. I don't see it in any other matches, but I see it now in consecutive matches of our games, and it has to stop."