Horse racing holds a special place in royal hearts: the Queen has had an interest in the animals since she was very young, and thoroughly enjoys the breeding — and racing — of her horses. Today will be no different, with the 174th Grand National getting underway at 5:15pm. Her Majesty is one of the most successful horse race owners in royal history, having racked up £584,000 in prize money last year — her best yet. She has amassed an estimated £7million through the years, with Prince Philip previously using the winnings to spruce up the Walled Kitchen Gardens on the Sandringham Estate. The Queen is by no means the first member of the Royal Family to gain pleasure — and riches — from horses. But it has not all been fun and games: before her, the Queen Mother suffered one of the cruellest defeats in horse racing history when, in 1956, she fell victim to the dreaded commentator’s curse. She was estimated to have owned more than 500 winners in her lifetime, and was on the brink of winning the Grand National — something no royal has ever achieved. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan have 'no room to heal' relationship with Royal Family Her horse, Devon Loch, successfully cleared all 30 fences and seemed certain to win. Surging many lengths ahead of its nearest rival, the commentator famously said: “Devon Loch can’t lose.” But, just as Devon Loch passed the jubilant Queen Mother sitting in Aintree’s Royal Box, the unthinkable happened. For no apparent reason, the horse jumped and landed on his stomach a mere 40 yards from the finish line. The jockey stayed on the horse, just, but Her Majesty’s race and dream was over. Devon Loch’s nearest challenger, ESB, had been five lengths behind, but went on to win the historic race by some ten lengths. Devon Loch, ridden by Dick Francis, got back to his feet but could not finish the race. Quite what happened to the horse remains one of racing’s biggest mysteries, though various possible explanations have been touted along the years. DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle 'likely to raise eyebrows' with new legal move [EXPERT]Harry blasted over 'baffling' belief [QUOTES]Jimmy Savile claimed to have unfettered access to Royal Family [INSIGHT] Some have questioned whether he might have seen the shadow of another fence on the course, and mistaken it for an obstacle, causing confusion and prompting him to half-jump in the air. Others have suggested that the horse might have cramped up, or could have been startled by the crowds in attendance. The Queen Mother was remarkably gracious in defeat, saying: “Oh, that’s racing.” She and the current Queen are the two most successful royal racing owners in history, boasting more than 1,000 winners between them. However, the Queen Mother was later reported to have been very embarrassed by the incident. When Central Television produced a documentary on her involvement in racing in 1987, she is said to have requested that they leave out any mention of the disastrous race. She never came close to winning the Grand National again and seemed to be plagued by ill-luck after that. However, between 1964 and 1965 she enjoyed a prolific spell when her horses won some 27 races. She left a remarkable legacy within the racing community, with legendary trainer Nicky Henderson saying after her death that she was like the “patron saint” of the sport. Her last winner, First Love, was trained by Henderson in a March 2002 race at Sandown. While the current Queen does not have any horses running in the Grand National this year, she is expected to attend Royal Ascot later in the year. Her Majesty adores the iconic event, and has never failed to open proceedings, arriving along the track in a horse-drawn carriage. Officially or in a private capacity, the monarch takes great pleasure out of watching her horses running. Coverage of the main event at Aintree begins at 2pm and runs until 6pm, with the race due to begin at 5:15pm.