Twitter users spoke in glorious terms about the appearance of Meghan and her husband Prince Harry. One Twitter user, called Dani APG, tweeted: "Just Prince Harry looking at his beautiful wife Meghan." A Twitter user called 'natasha' said: "The hair. The makeup. The outfit. The smile.  The Dutch ambassador to the UK, Karel van Oosterom, tweeted: "The Invictus games kicked off in The Hague the Netherlands. "Founded by Prince Harry, here accompanied by his spouse Meghan Markle. "These games are for wounded and injured military personnel, using sport to help with recovery and rehabilitation." One of the Invictus British team members spoke of how it was "fantastic" that Prince Harry had arrived at the games. Lieutenant commander James of the UK team added that it was "a nice surprise yesterday when he turned up for the welcome reception".   The Invictus Games were founded by Prince Harry and the first event was held in 2014. The games are an international sporting event for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women. The games hope to generate a wider understanding and respect for all those who serve their country. However, one Twitter user took time to remind readers of the true purpose of the Invictus Games. JUST IN: Meghan and Harry’s 'personal' visit to Queen 'in the works'  A Twitter user called Roslyn The Brodster’s mum said: "You do know Invictus is about injured vets, not about her or Harry." The Duchess of Sussex appeared at this year’s Invictus Games alongside Prince Harry. The appearance was part of the Californian couple’s highly anticipated trip to Europe for the first time in two years. Meghan waved to fans at the event as she wore an all-white suit and an off-white handbag all made by Valentino. She walked hand-in-hand with Prince Harry, who wore an unbuttoned navy blue suit and white collared shirt sans tie. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle steps out in white suit for Invictus Games Reception [PHOTOS]Western analysts unpick Russian video of captured Briton [ANALYSIS]Russian TV declares Ukrainians must be 'erased' in genocidal claim [VIDEO]  