Soft Cell star Marc Almond joined the BBC Breakfast team to discuss his career, his shyness and why he doesn’t understand TikTok. As he spoke with Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt, viewers were quick to comment on his appearance on the show, with many insisting he was “absolutely adorable”. Commenting on meeting his heroes, Marc explained: “I’m always very star struck by people actually, I’m always very shy of meeting stars. “People come up to me and say, ‘Oh I love that song and love what you do.’ I’m always quite shy about it.” Charlie asked: “Like who?” as Marc teased: “Oh don’t put me on the spot Charlie. “I can’t think but people who you meet in music. I always thought I’d never meet a lot of my heroes because I’ve always avoided a lot of heroes. READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' “I like to be a fan you know, someone who buys records and loves records. “I was always very happy I didn’t meet David Bowie properly. I never really met people who I really admired and liked so I can still be a fan.” As the interview progressed, viewers were quick to comment on his appearance on Twitter. Muriel Gray tweeted: “Marc Almond is on bbc news right now, being absolutely adorable.” “Oh dear - feeling old when I hear Marc Almond talking about bus passes #WaveHelloSayGoodbye,” Jeannie Shapiro posted. Jane A Dickinson added: “Aw gorgeous Marc Almond what a lovely, funny, gentle guy @BBCBreakfast #icon.” Billy McDiarmid shared: “What a lovely guy Marc Almond is. Don’t think I’ve ever seen an interview with him before.” “Good lord, Marc Almond looks a bit rough these days, putty faced... Looks like Marilyn Manson,” Russ C posted. DON'T MISS...'Tell us the names!' Charlie Stayt turns up pressure on Ashworth [WATCH]Eamonn Holmes fumes at litter louts ruining UK countryside  [VIDEO]GB News hit with Ofcom complaints after Eamonn's Prince Harry remark [LATEST] However, Sian C argued: “Comments on Marc Almond this morning divided between those who see the joy in the interview and the man and those, the most beautiful people in the country, criticising his looks #bbcbreakfast #stopjudgingpeopleonhowtheylook.” Also in the interview, Marc addressed Soft Cell’s Tainted Love going viral on TikTok during the coronavirus lockdown. “I didn’t know what TikTok was,” he explained. “I know that sounds awful. “Everyone says, ‘Oh it’s gone mad on TikTok,’ and I just thought, ‘Right, that’s fantastic. What’s TikTok?’ “But I’m kind of glad. The whole lockdown period was a strange period because I wrote the while album through lockdown and recorded all my vocals for the new album through lockdown. “So it really was a strange time that reflected on a lot of the themes of this album.” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily from 6am.