Outlander season six is on Starz and the historical drama has raised many questions in its latest outing. Viewers noticed the familiar sound of the Colonel Bogey March and someone was heard whistling the tune. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the mystery behind the final moments. Wendigo Donner (played by Brennan Martin) is a time traveller and Native American activist in the series. In 1968 he, as part of the Montauk Five, attempted to prevent the genocide of the Native Americans. Unfortunately, each member of the group was sent to a different time period. In Diana Gabaldon's A Breath of Snow and Ashes, he is among a group of men who kidnap Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) in 1773. In 1774 he visited River Run and whistled Yellow Submarine to get the attention of the Brianna (Sophie Skelton). READ MORE: Outlander cast return to set as filming for season 7 underway After telling her he was a time traveller, he was informed he needed a gemstone. He ended up in Fraser's Ridge, demanding such stones from Jamie (Sam Heughan) and Claire. He is in prison, but viewers did not see the face of the man at the end of the latest episode. The mysterious man was heard whistling the Colonel Bogey March, with fingers pointing to the antagonist. The real piece of music was composed by Lieutenant F J Ricketts in 1914. He was a British Army bandmaster and at the start of the Second World War, the popular song became a part of the British way of life. The song was featured in episode five of Outlander's sixth season and it seemed to determine Wendigo Donner was back. The music continued to play through the credits, leaving viewers with many questions. Claire and Jamie may find themselves in imminent danger in upcoming scenes. In the books, fans will have read their home goes up in flames. DON'T MISS... Outlander fans predict Claire and Tom Christie affair [DISCUSSION]Outlander season 6: Claire in danger as new promo teases poisoning [INSIGHT]Outlander season 6: John Bell details Ian and Malva kiss cut out [INTERVIEW] A newspaper article found in the 1970s claims the pair died in the fire. If the series stays true to the book, Wendigo will soon break into Claire and Jamie’s house in search of a gemstone. In the process, he accidentally knocks over Claire’s ether which catches fire. The fire brings Wendigo's storyline to an end and it will also mark the final part of Brianna's journey. Having time travelled to find out what happened to her parents, her questions will be answered. Fans took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the moment a mysterious figure was seen behind bars. Gwen said: "Is this Wendigo and he has a gemstone from Flora’s necklace. Is he looking to travel. Claire also recognized his whistle." [Sic] Laura added: "Very clever way to bring the Wendigo storyline in! Brilliantly thought out! "Can’t wait to see the rest of the season. With each ep, it’s growing to become my favourite since s1. SO good! #Outlander" [Sic]  Outlander season 6 airs on Starz and Starzplay.