The acclaimed follow-up to Vince Gilligan’s ground-breaking drama series Breaking Bad has been nothing but intense drama and non-stop twists since it began back in 2016. With the series coming to an end on AMC and Netflix later this month, fans have been placing their bets on what will happen to Jimmy McGill/Saul Goodman (played by Bob Odenkirk) in the final episode. A new theory has proposed Saul - under his new alias as Gene Takavic - will turn himself in to save his wife Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) if the final episodes of Better Call Saul transport viewers to the present-day. The first part of the AMC drama’s last season will begin later this month before the second half brings the cartel lawyer up to speed with his older self in Breaking Bad. Co-creator Vince’s Breaking Bad prequel also reveals Jimmy’s life as Gene Takavic after the events of the original series, which is where some viewers believe much of the action of season six will take place. One attentive fan recently took to Reddit to speculate what’s to come, including how Jimmy and his wife Kim Wexler’s feud with Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian) could play out after they plotted his downfall in the season five finale. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show User savory_aidan posted: “My prediction is that Jimmy and Kim will go through with scamming Howard. “Somehow, Jimmy will get very little to no punishment whereas Kim will get a big fat one, possibly even life.” Kim used to work closely with Howard before partnering with her boyfriend, now husband, Jimmy to form twin firms known as Wexler McGill. Howard’s reputation has been dragged through the mud throughout the series, in part thanks to Jimmy’s aggressive harassment campaign. Jimmy’s devoted yet calculating wife wants to derail his career even further, however, and the last season ended off with them both seemingly agreeing to take him out for good - although Jimmy was much more hesitant than his other half. However, their scheme will come with a heavy price, and Kim could end up taking the fall if their plan goes too far. “This could possibly explain the more questionable and morally flexible side of Saul Goodman we see during Breaking Bad,” the post continued. “As Saul feels there’s really no possibility of really seeing her again.” DON'T MISS:Power Force’s Gloria star opens up on shocking death [INSIGHT]Moon Knight: Accent expert calls out ‘Americanism’ catchphrase [ANALYSIS]The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon risks derailing filming [VIDEO] With his wife in jail and, by the end of Breaking Bad, his next client Walter White (Bryan Cranston) dead, Jimmy has no choice but to lie low with a new identity. Unfortunately, Jimmy is now even more paranoid his cover could be blown after a taxi driver appeared to know more than he should, including £5 million worth of ‘blood money’ he was left by Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul). Worried his enemies could be closing in, Jimmy - as Gene - may decide the safest option is to turn himself in, freeing his wife and protecting himself from the cartel in the process. The fan predicted: “He returns to Albuquerque to try and reason with the DA, using himself as a bargaining token to try and get Kim out. And he will succeed and end up in jail. “I think this plays in quite nicely with a statement I think I recall one of the creators made about the characters ‘getting what they deserve’, as Jimmy initially moved to Albuquerque in an attempt to ‘better himself’.” Co-creator Peter Gould previously told Entertainment Weekly: “One of the questions you have to ask yourself is: ‘What does this man deserve? “Not just: ‘What’s going to happen to him?,’ but ‘What would be a deserving end to this?’” After building his career off deceit and corruption, spending the rest of his life in prison could certainly be a fitting end for Jimmy, but will fans be satisfied to see Kim go free? Better Call Saul season 6 premieres on AMC in the USA on April 18 and the next day on Netflix in the UK.