Heading into the spring and summer months, many may want to make the most of the longer days by letting as much natural light into their home as possible. Increasing the amount of natural sunlight that filters into the home can help to make it feel both bigger and brighter, according to experts at Hillarys. One step to help bring more natural light in is to rearrange furniture. The experts said: “If your house is cluttered and full of big, bulky furniture, you’re going to struggle to let in a large amount of natural light. “Think about moving your furniture to allow more light into the room and to ensure that you’re not blocking windows or light sources. “If you have furniture which reflects light such as glass or clear acrylic tables and chairs, position them so that they’ll reflect light around the room.” READ MORE: Britain struggling to cope with transfer and storage of green energy When it comes to painting the home, it often comes down to personal taste. However, there are several considerations to think about when it comes to picking a colour. Certain hues can make residents feel more energetic and motivated, while some may do the opposite. According to the experts at Hillarys, homes should be painted in a light colour to let as much light in as possible. DON'T MISS:'Cheap and gentle' laundry substitutes to use when doing laundry [EXPERT]‘Household drinks’ to use when watering the garden [COMMENT]Phil Spencer: ‘Concentrate’ on the ‘bare bones’ when viewing homes [EXPLAINER] They said: “It may sound obvious, but if you have any dull, dark coloured walls, it may be worth repainting them to a lighter colour to brighten up your home. “However, if you don’t want bland, boring, beige or white walls, you could consider painting your walls a light green, or a light shade of yellow. “Light green walls will brighten the space in the morning, while keeping it cool in the afternoon, whereas light yellow walls will help enhance natural rays of light from the sun.” For small spaces, using mirrors to create the illusion of a bigger room is a good idea. Mirrors will make the most of the sunshine by catching and reflecting the glimmers of light in the room. The experts added: “It’s best to hang the largest mirror directly opposite the largest window in the room and then strategically place some smaller mirrors around the space to help the light flow.” It was also recommended to “clean windows” to ensure they are “smear free”. The interior experts said: “Although it may seem like a chore, cleaning your windows can seriously affect the amount of sunlight that enters your home. “Don’t focus on just the outside of your windows however, it is important to clean the inside of the windows too so that fingerprints and other dirty marks don’t smear the light. “Create your own cleaning solution of water and white vinegar and apply with paper towels to ensure there aren’t any annoying streaks left behind.” Flooring can also make a huge impact when it comes to letting light into the home. According to the experts, flooring can absorb a lot of light and make rooms feel a lot darker than they actually are. They said: “It’s important to make sure that you have the right flooring to ensure you get the most natural light into your space. “Wooden, ceramic or stone floors are great light reflectors and will therefore make the room look brighter and will reflect a lot more light than carpets. “However, if you prefer to have carpets in your home, choose a light, natural colour.”