DC Comics' upcoming film The Flash is set to change the entire landscape of the ongoing DCEU. The recently released trailer has already revealed that Ezra Miller's Barry Allen will not only be teaming up with another version of himself, but also Michael Keaton's Batman, and a new Supergirl. In a surprising piece of news, Superman will also be making a comeback - but not as fans know him. Henry Cavill has been the DCEU's official Superman since 2013's Man of Steel. He made a comeback in 2016's Batman V Superman, and 2017's Justice League - but rumours have since claimed he has been written out of the ongoing series. Now, Daniel RPK claims Superman will be making a return, but will be played by the original man behind the cape, Christopher Reeve. However, he has reportedly claimed that Reeve, who died on October 10, 2004, will be appearing in a cameo capacity with some "archive footage". The comic book movie leaker has not always been 100 percent correct with his claims, so the information should be taken with a grain of salt. With that said, another noted movie leaker, ViewerAnon, also corroborated this claim. Speaking on the DCEU Leaks Reddit, they wrote: "I’m not sure it’s archive footage. I was told [Lynda] Carter, [Adam] West, and [Christopher] Reeve were low poly VFX shots after two screenings. I think they may be going for 'photo-real' CGI." This supposed leak also suggests classic Batman and Wonder Woman stars Adam West and Lynda Carter will be involved in The Flash. Reeve played Superman from 1978 in Superman, to 1987 in Superman IV: The Quest for Peace. READ MORE: Next James Bond odds: Henry Cavill ‘now twice as likely as Tom Hardy’ In 2006 Brandon Routh continued the story in Superman Returns. DC fans will no doubt be ecstatic about the return of these behemoth actors - but is the company attempting to make a multiversal romp just like Spider-Man: No Way Home? The latest Marvel movie brought in previous web-heads Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield to help out Tom Holland. With this new information, the same could be said for the classic heroes. What's more, a new Supergirl is arriving. DON'T MISS...Next James Bond odds: Henry Cavill ‘now twice as likely as Tom Hardy’ [NEWS]Henry Cavill Superman and Ben Affleck Batman ‘safe and can return’ [INFO]Outlander’s Sam Heughan on Superman audition that made him 'change' [INSIGHT] Supergirl's arrival into the series was announced last year. This new version of Kara Zor-El will be played by Sasha Calle, bringing the hero to the big screen for the first time since the 1984 film. After casting Calle as Supergirl, The Flash's director Andy Muschietti said: "I saw more than four hundred auditions. The talent pool was truly amazing and it was very hard to make a decision, but we finally found an actress who was destined to play this role." The Flash hits cinemas on June 23, 2023. SOURCE / SOURCE / SOURCE