The biggest compliment that can be paid to Mikel Arteta and Arsenal is that back-to-back Premier League defeats can now be put down as an aberration. The same was not said six months ago.  Damaging defeats to Crystal Palace and Brighton will prove the defining week in the season should this Arsenal side not bounce back and reignite the spark that turned them from free-falling underachievers to exuberant Champions League hopefuls. Europe’s elite was within Arsenal’s grasp before humiliation at Selhurst Park and a lack of response at the Emirates against Palace’s low-scoring rivals was perhaps even more alarming. Manchester United’s malaise has opened the door for the Gunners to seal fourth spot this season but the incentive and momentum has swung in the favour of Antonio Conte and Tottenham. Spurs are flying and the scintillating duo of Heung Min-Son and Harry Kane can be looked at with envy in this seesaw run-in. But Arsenal’s season of hard work cannot be undone in six days and Arteta has to prove his side have built a backbone since their brittle start to the season. With a tantalising North London derby in May, Champions League qualification remains in Gunners hands. READ MORE: Man Utd forward Greenwood confronted by supporter as police investigation continues  Three opening season defeats without scoring a goal left Arteta clinging on for his job at one stage but, with the aid of no midweek European football, he has cultivated a squad with fight and ambition. The opening day horror show against Brentford, where Arsenal lost 2-0, was perhaps the nadir and Arteta and his side were justifiably maligned. Gary Neville lamented Arsenal’s propensity to be outfought by a newly-promoted side. "There's nothing worse than thinking your team are a little bit soft,” Neville said back in August. “Brentford have looked at them and thought, 'yeah, we'll have you', and that's the worst feeling. Arsenal fans will go away from here tonight thinking 'we've been bullied',". The United great added:"I don't get the strategy and l don't get the direction. I think they have a really talented manager but even if he gets the best out of them, l don't think they can make the top four." DON'T MISS Ray Parlour singles out three Tottenham stars in Paul Merson disagreement[QUOTES]Mikel Arteta can solve Arsenal issues by dropping two players and making tactical tweak [COMMENT]Erik ten Hag ‘close to deciding on Man Utd job’ with three assurances key [GOSSIP]  Since then, Aaron Ramsdale and Ben White have helped form a steady spine, while Martin Odegaard and Bukayo Saka have been electric and have won games single-handedly. But Arteta’s progress will matter not if he can not make his side respond. Neville may have temporarily been proven wrong about Arsenal’s potential but the final eight league games will ultimately decide the outlook and the Spaniard's side cannot afford to wilt. The Gunners, starting at wounded Southampton on Saturday, must show they have evolved and can respond to adversity. A clear message needs to be sent across north London that Arteta’s men will push Spurs to the wire. Arteta has to find a way of reversing the diminishing impact of Alexandre Lacazette, while defensive solidity is of paramount concern with goals not free-flowing. The Gunners have eight matches to prove their doubters wrong. 