Paris Saint-Germain starlet Kylian Mbappe is reportedly set to make a huge u-turn and instead of joining Real Madrid will sign a new contract at the Parc des Princes. The forward had previously been heavily rumoured to be joining the Spanish giants on a free transfer in the summer. Mbappe's contract is up in the summer, with every elite club in the world likely to be interested in his services upon its expiration. However, Real Madrid's financial power alongside Mbappe's willingness to join the 13-time Champions League winners put Florentino Perez's men firmly in the driving seat. Multiple reports suggested the Frenchman was due to move to the Bernabeu on a free in the summer, with astronomical wages set to be offered. But according to RMC Sport journalist Daniel Riolo, the Bondy-born star is set to stay in France with a new contract expected to be signed at PSG. The publication reports that an announcement will be made in May, with club chiefs wanting Mbappe to be in their squad once the World Cup comes around, as he is expected to star for France out in Qatar. Mbappe spoke about his future earlier last week after his superb performance in the 5-1 drubbing of Lorient. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Fred vindicates Alves claim after rescuing Leicester draw  And he appeared to have opened the door to a stay at the Parc des Princes by confirming he was yet to make a decision on his future. "There is no need to talk a lot," Mbappe said. "There are new elements that I will consider for my future. It's not an easy decision, my family will help me. I don't want to make any mistakes. My choice hasn't been made, the whole world knows that". PSG were knocked out of the Champions League by Real Madrid, despite Mbappe doing all he could by putting Les Parisiens 2-0 up on aggregate at half-time in the second leg. But it looks as though he will not be joining Los Blancos any time soon. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford jobTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle winLiverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader'  Mbappe, 23, joined PSG in a £160million deal from Monaco when he was just 18 years of age. The attacker shot to prominence with a string of impressive performances for the Monegasques, bagging 26 goals in just 44 games before his move to the capital. Since then he has scored 190 goals in just 281 games for PSG, alongside scoring 26 goals in 54 games for the French national team - for whom he scored four goals at the 2018 World Cup, including a goal in the final against Croatia.