Gerard Gilleran, 66, was walking Tommy in Coundon Park, Coventry, on Tuesday morning when the horror attack took place. The 16-month-old Jack Russell cross Yorkshire Terrier was off the lead when a larger dog ran towards him. Mr Gilleran told Coventry Live: "I was walking my dog as I do normally in Coundon Park. "It was 9am and my dog was off the lead because as soon as he gets into the park he just runs around and does his thing. He is only a little tiny dog. "So I was walking the same route as I always take and I as I was walking down by the bottom end of the park there was a dog in the distance, a really big dog with a guy. "Aside from that, I did not take much notice, but the next thing I know the dog comes running toward my dog. "So my dog spots him and runs towards him as well and the guy that owns the dog was running behind him saying 'Put your dog on a lead!' and I thought why do I have to put my dog on a lead, there is nothing wrong with my dog, he is only a little tiny thing." Mr Gilleran said the larger dog then "clamped onto" Tommy. The 66-year-old said: "Next thing you know the two of them started running around in circles because obviously, the big dog was trying to get my dog. "I am shouting at my dog saying 'Tommy stop!' and when I do that he lies on his back submissively and I usually go and pick him up. "But when Tommy did that the dog grabbed him and would not release him, the guy came up and started shouting 'Kaiser' at his dog saying 'Release the dog!' but he was not releasing him. "I tried everything, I pulled my dog and did everything to try and get him out of the jaws of the bigger dog, but he was just clamped onto my dog. "When he did let go you could see all the bite marks on the stomach of my dog, he just lay there traumatised, he never moved, never barked and never flinched.  READ MORE: Calls for dog-on-dog attacks to be made offence after pet killed "It was the most horrible situation anyone can go through." Bystanders helped Mr Gilleran rush his beloved pet to the vets. But on Wednesday, he received the heartbreaking news that Tommy had died. Mr Gilleran said: "I am traumatised, absolutely traumatised. My wife has been non-stop crying, she has not stopped crying, we both loved our dog so much. We are absolutely devastated. "How is anyone allowed to run a dangerous dog around a public park? He was not on the lead and he was not muzzled. It is absolutely shocking.  DON'T MISS‘Upsetting’ Farmer SHOOTS dog after it attacks sheepPregnant sheep killed in savage dog attackWoman and dog mauled by 'Staffy' at popular beauty spot "Sometimes I walk with my granddaughter in Coundon Park. What would happen if the dog had got hold of my granddaughter? "I do not want anyone else to suffer the same consequences I did at Coundon Park because it is the most traumatic situation anyone could be in. It is awful, absolutely awful. I am in bits." Mr Gilleran was also injured as he desperately tried to free Tommy and had to go to hospital for six stitches on his hands. A spokesman for West Midlands Police said: "We’re investigating after a man was injured while trying to save his dog from an attack at Coundon Hall Park, Coventry on Tuesday morning. The man was walking his dog in the park at around 9am, when it was bitten by another dog. "Both owners have been in touch with us about what happened. We do not underestimate just how scary and upsetting the incident was. We sadly understand that the dog who was bitten has since passed away. "Anyone with information is asked to contact us via Live Chat at west-midlands.police.uk. Please quote investigation number 20/414122/22." Additional reporting by Jaspreet Kaur. 