Conservative MPs fear ministers are falling for Brussels' game by finding themselves locked in endless talks over the implementation of the Brexit withdrawal agreement. What was originally touted as three weeks of "intense" talks in November to find a solution to the problems caused by the Protocol has dragged on for six months. The Government is concerned the EU's "purist" implementation of the international agreement is having a detrimental impact on the UK's internal market by creating barriers to trade between Britain and Northern Ireland. Ministers had threatened to trigger Article 16 of the treaty, the legal means of suspending aspects of the deal, unless Brussels renegotiated. Threats to use the Article 16 mechanism have dropped off as talks have dragged on, with Tory MPs fearing the EU has tricked the UK into not taking action to fix the problems caused by the Protocol. One former minister told Express.co.uk: "It's pure revenge. Don't forget the EU vowed Northern Ireland would be 'the price' for Brexit. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG "They actually said that, they admitted it. "So they have no real intention of negotiating, they don't want the Protocol to work. "Triggering Article 16 is the best way to get the EU to finally start engaging." The MP referred to comments alleged to have been made by the former head of the EU's civil service, Martin Selmayr. In 2018, Dominic Raab, who had previously served as Brexit Secretary, claimed the EU wanted to "carve up" the UK. "You would hear swirling around in Brussels - particularly the people around Selmayr, Martin Selmayr in the Commission, and some others - that losing Northern Ireland was the price the UK would pay for Brexit," Mr Raab said at the time. DON'T MISS:Ask Dr Phillip Lee your burning questions on Brexit [GET INVOLVED]Brexit fury as EU Phantom of the Opera tour coming from China [REACTION]Britain's economy grew faster than thought as GDP increases by 1.3% [INSIGHT] "This was reported to me through the diplomatic channel." Mr Selmayr has always denied making such comments. Frustration among Tory ranks that the UK could be being played by the EU in talks comes after Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis admitted earlier this week he believed EU member states were blocking a new deal on the Protocol. He said he believed European Commission vice president Maros Sefcovic, who is leading talks for the EU, appeared "pragmatic" but was constrained by the strict red lines set by the bloc. Mr Lewis told the Northern Ireland select committee: "I have to say, my experience over the last six or nine months, I have not seen the sort of flexibility from the EU that I was expecting to see. "I've not seen the flexibility and pragmatism that would allow us to agree a deal - otherwise we would have agreed one by now. "And certainly not the flexibility and pragmatism that would allow us to remove some of the challenges that are there that are causing so many problems for businesses in Northern Ireland." He added: "I think that vice president Sefcovic is that he is someone who is pragmatic. "I think he would like to find a way through this, but he is trying to work within a mandate. "I think there is a real issue that, from his point of view, the mandate does not give him the flexibility to find a way through this." Mr Lewis said the UK Government was committed to "strain every last sinew" to do a deal with the EU.