It has been reported Mark Labbett has lost nearly 10 stone (63kg) since embarking on his weight loss journey. The Chase quizzer regularly updates fans on his progress, and in recent months ‘The Beast’ revealed he had dropped three t-shirt sizes and can how shop in high street stores for his clothes. Mark reached a new milestone last month, claiming he is now the “smallest” he’s been in the last 30 years. Taking to his Twitter account, the quizzer wrote: “Happiness is buying a 42” M&S regular black jeans….and finding they are a bit loose :) “Last time I was this small it was the 1990s #skinnybeast.” Fans were hoping “Brad [Bradley Walsh] stops with the fat jokes” on The Chase. READ MORE: Women shed 5st without ‘restricting' foods - 'No miserable diet!' Mark replied, explaining: “The jokewriters openly admit they won’t stop with the fat shaming because it makes their job much harder :(.” At the start of the year, Mark revealed how many clothes sizes he had dropped. Posting a selfie on his Instagram account, the quizzer said: “Down to 52 inch chest from 60”. “So was 5xl, now 2xl. Still a lot of work to do #xlorbust.” DON'T MISS...Weight loss: How to lose 1st in 4 weeks - keto diet plan [EXPERT]Dieters can drink their way to weight loss with coffee [TIPS]Rebel Wilson kickstarted 5.5st weight loss with Mayr Method diet [INTERVIEW] Mark was at his heaviest in 2003, explaining to Loose Women that as a full-time teacher, he weighed over 28.9 stone (184kg). As for how Mark has gone about losing weight, when appearing on The Pet Show, he gushed about his unlikely “personal trainer”. To everyone’s surprise, the Chaser credited his dog, Baloo, for helping him fall into a regular exercise routine. Mark explained: “My wife promised me that when we first got him she would take care of everything – feeding him, walking him, and so on. “That lasted about two weeks before she decided ‘Actually Mark, look at your belly – you need the exercise!’” Before this in March 2021, Mark revealed the foods swaps he had been making in a bid to overhaul his unhealthy diet. “I’m on a high protein diet... so eating an awful lot of meat and lean meat, and as much as I love chips and other carbs, I’m having quite a bit less than I used to,” he told Loose Women. “And it’s sort of became a virtuous cycle, I’m not feeling that hungry, so you eat less, so you lose weight, so you’re not as hungry.” The quizzer also said his son, Lawrence, helped him stay active, particularly during lockdowns. “The principal thing has been running around after a hyperactive three-year-old in lockdown when the nursery was shut. “I found at the end of the evening instead of going to the fridge for late-night snacking, all I could do was collapse on the bed.”