Liverpool have been handed a huge boost in their hopes of reaching the Champions League final after Villarreal striker Gerard Moreno picked up an injury. The Spaniard is a doubt to face the Reds in the semi-final first leg at Anfield next week after suffering a hamstring problem. Head coach Unai Emery faced an anxious wait to discover the severity of the injury after Moreno suffered an recurrence of the muscle problem that has dogged his season. "Muscularly, he has noticed something. We will see how serious it is because he has suffered from a muscular injury again,” the ex-Arsenal boss said. And now the La Liga outfit confirmed the Spain international sustained a hamstring strain against Getafe, which is expected to keep him out for two weeks. A brief medical report read: “The forward Gerard Moreno suffers from an intense strain on the hamstring muscles of his right leg.” READ MORE: Liverpool stars support Salah as Alexander-Arnold slams critics The 29-year-old scored the opening goal in the 2-1 away victory and has hit 12 goals in all competitions this season for the Yellow Submarines. But he could pay a heavy price for his injury if he ends up missing the first leg on April 27. His absence will no doubt prove to be a relief for Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp in preparing for the semi-final clash on April. The Reds would have likely earmarked Moreno as the main threat, along with summer target Arnaut Danjuma, who has bagged six goals in the Champions League this season. And while Klopp will likely have a ridiculous choice of talented forwards to pick from such as Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane, Diogo Jota, Luis Diaz and Roberto Firmino, his counterpart Unai Emery has been left short of options. The Spaniard has Paco Alcacer or Boulaye Dia available to lead the line if the forward does not recover in time. DON'T MISSLiverpool's Jurgen Klopp has the perfect answer to RonaldoLiverpool 'have sounded out Gavi over summer transfer'Liverpool quadruple pursuit undermining Klopp’s fixture gripe  But attempting to topple Liverpool without their talisman makes the task even more difficult for Emery as he bids to reach his first Champions League final, although the Spanish side could have Moreno back for the second leg at the Estadio de las Ceramicas. Defender Pau Torres said: “We hope this is not serious and that he recovers quickly because we really need him." Klopp’s men are chasing an unprecedented quadruple in men’s football and clinching the European Cup for the seventh time in their history — with a potential all-English final against Manchester City — would be the perfect way for the German coach to commemorate the occasion. But they would do well not to underestimate their giant-killing opponents. Villarreal have already stunned European giants such as Juventus and Bayern Munich in the knockout rounds and have reached the last four for the first time in their history. They secured a shock 1-0 win at their own ground before silencing the Allianz Arena crowd when Samuel Chukwueze equalised in the 87th minute in the return fixture to hand them a 2-1 aggregate win.