Ordnance Survey has offered up some major inspiration for your next walking day as it looks at five beautiful Spring walks not to miss across Great Britain - check out their top picks below... With spring now here and summer on the horizon, there's no better time to explore Great Britain. Discover similar walks in OS Pathfinder Guides and 100 Outstanding British Walks or find longer hikes in Epic British Walks. Alternatively, use OS paper maps to plan your own routes to follow. Available at your local bookshop, outdoor retail or online at os.uk/adventure. 1. Helford, Little Dennis and Manaccan – Cornwall, England: 5 miles South Cornish perfection is all wrapped up in this short circular walk that follows the South West Coast Path from Helford. With stunning views across the Helford River, stroll towards Dennis Head for a grand panorama of Falmouth Bay, before looping back past the narrow and secretive Gillian Creek estuary – a paradise for wading birds. Round off the walk with a cream tea, Cornish Pasty or fish and chips in Helford. 2. Wray Castle and Blelham Tarn - Lake District National Park, England: 6 miles A chance to walk on the quieter side of Windermere, exploring a landscape that would have been familiar to Beatrix Potter, and which almost certainly sowed seeds for her successful series of books. This walk visits both Wray Castle, where Potter stayed as a child, and the beautifully set Blelham Tarn. Great spotted woodpeckers favour the broad-leaved woodland rising up the slope above Windermere. 3. Saundersfoot and Tenby – Pembrokeshire Coast Path National Trail, Wales: 4 miles A linear walk between the two most popular and picturesque resorts on the south Pembrokeshire coast. Starting in Saundersfoot follow a sheltered, highly scenic and well wooded route to North Beach at Tenby. Here you will find attractive colour-washed Regency and Victorian houses overlooking the harbour and glorious curving sandy beach. For the return, enjoy the route in reverse (for a total distance of 8 miles) or grab a bus. 4. Lochnagar and Loch Muick – Deeside and Lochnagar NSA: 14 miles For those looking for a challenge, this full-day walking bonanza is a demanding undertaking in terms of both distance and ascent, and should only be attempted in favourable weather, but, on the best of days, the walking memories made here will be treasured for a lifetime. Lochnagar is a monarch among mountains, and the view from the summit (a clear day is essential) takes in the grandest of all corries and landscapes. 5. Freshwater and Tennyson Down – Isle of Wight, England: 3¾ miles Tennyson’s monument marks the high point of the gradual climb over Tennyson Down, a tremendous vantage point over the English Channel on the edge of sheer chalk cliffs, which culminate at the Needles. The walk follows the clifftop path as it descends gently to Freshwater Bay, then continues through Afton Marsh Nature Reserve, passing the island’s only thatched church before taking a woodland way to complete the loop. Find out more on os.uk/adventure.