In March, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited three Caribbean nations as part of a visit arranged to commemorate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Prince William, 39, and Kate, 40, visited Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas for their eight-day royal tour. The trip was dubbed a “charm offensive” but was marred by controversy, which included the couple being accused of projecting an outdated colonial image. In Jamaica, the couple were met with significant resistance due to calls for reparations for slavery and revelations about a move toward becoming a republic. During their trip to Kingston, the Cambridges rode in the same Land Rover used by the Queen and Prince Philip during their 1953 trip to Jamaica and many branded the move as “tone deaf”. Photos from the visit show William and Kate standing in the open-top vehicle while waving to spectators as they are driven slowly through a military parade and the pair were criticised for perpetuating “colonial” ideals. A source claimed the atmosphere in the team summit after the trip soured after William expressed concerns about the “many pitfalls that could have been avoided”. The Duke also revealed his concerns over a perceived lack of input from his staff, according to the source. The Mirror quotes a source as saying: “The Duke was clearly frustrated at the lack of answers and the absence of any workable solutions being put forward. “The feeling was there were so many pitfalls that could have been avoided. “He knows full well that it is his reputation on the line. READ MORE: Anne pets military working dogs during animal training centre visit “In dealing with sensitive issues, such as the ones they met on the tour, if they aren’t in tune with what is going on in the world they will be left fighting for their futures.” Another source claims the Duke returned from the trip “totally deflated”. They said: “William was totally deflated after the tour, but now is the time for change. “If William wants to be seen as a moderniser, he needs to get his own house in order.” It is understood that the meetings held with senior staff from their team focused on how to modernise the image of the Firm after the criticism faced on the royal tour. DON'T MISS Kate and William will 'save monarchy' when Charles becomes king [REPORT] Meghan and Harry sought 'commercial arm' to royal life [REVEAL] Sophie and Edward: Why Wessexes royal tour has faced controversy [INSIGHT] The Duke and Duchess faced further scrutiny on their tour after pictures emerged of them greeting fans through a wire fence in Trench Town, Jamaica. The images originally made the rounds on social media and the royal couple suffered backlash as the images were shared without context. Royal experts were quick to rush to their defence, pointing out that the photos were tightly cropped, and were actually taken by a football field surrounded by mesh railings. The photos actually show the couple meeting local children at a football pitch in a neighbourhood in the Jamaican capital Kingston, shortly after William took part in a game with England striker Raheem Sterling. The footballer also posed for similar shots with excitable fans after appearing on the pitch with the royals. Moments after the snaps were captured, the royal couple went to greet fans out on the street. Upon arrival in Jamaica, the couple were also accused of benefitting from the “blood, tears and sweat” of slaves. A demonstration was staged outside the British High Commission in Kingston only hours before the royal couple’s plane landed. Protestors clutched banners reading “Princesses and Princes belong in fairytales… not in Jamaica” and “apologise” as they called on the Royal Family to pay reparations for its slave trade link.