Novak Djokovic is weathering one of the roughest patches of his professional career but will benefit from some home comforts at the Serbia Open. Despite displaying poor form and being barred from the Australian Open, however, Andrey Rublev is in no doubt as to who is the front-runner this week. Both players are nestled inside the world's top 10 travelling to Belgrade, where No. 8 Rublev has said he feels "practically at home" despite this being his first visit. In his second tournament of the clay season, the Russian is aiming to "better prepare for the rest of the season" and is respecting the competition. "I'll try to win," he told reporters, with the firm possibility of a final between the eastern European pair. "I came to play tennis. The same as everyone else here. We’ll see. Everyone is improving their game, they are professionals, and players are becoming ever better.” One talent in particular will naturally attract more attention than the rest, however, as Djokovic hopes to recover from his second-round exit at the Monte-Carlo Masters. But even that disappointment won't convince Rublev to take the veteran's threat for granted. READ MORE: Djokovic loses on return as Raducanu suffers new injury and Federer and Nadal give updates "It is too early to talk, but Novak Djokovic is definitely the favorite in Belgrade," the 24-year-old added when pressed on who's most likely to challenge for the top prize. "He will try to show himself in the best possible light and in front of the home fans." No.1 seed Djokovic opens his home contest against fellow Serb Laslo Djere, who bested wild card Hamad Medjedovic 6-4, 7-5 on Tuesday to reach the second round. Rublev will also open his campaign on Wednesday when he faces Czech contender Jiri Lehecka.  'Nole' may still be licking his wounds after the Monte-Carlo Masters, where he suffered a 6-3, 6-7 (5), 6-1 upset to eventual runner-up Alejandro Davidovich Fokina in his opening match. Rublev, on the other hand, came from behind to beat Alex de Minaur before he fell to quarter-finalist Jannik Sinner. Djokovic won two of the first three editions of the Serbia Open (2009 and 2011), and Matteo Berrettini was crowned king in 2021 after the tournament wasn't held for eight years. The 20-time Grand Slam-winner is hoping to get back on track in a familiar setting, having defeated Rublev 6-3, 6-2 in their only meeting to date at last year's ATP Tour Finals.