Derry Girls hasn't been seen for the past three years thanks to ongoing filming delays due to the coronavirus pandemic. The Channel 4 comedy set in the mid-1990s, follows the adventures of four Irish teenagers who attend a girls' Catholic secondary school, as well as English student James Maguire (played by Dylan Llewellyn). Fans were left very emotional in the series two finale which saw him almost leave the town for good. Following the 1994 IRA ceasefire, James' mum decided she no longer wanted to live in Ireland. She made plans to move back to London, leaving Erin Quinn (Saoirse-Monica Jackson), Clare Devlin (Nicola Coughlan), Orla McCool (Louisa Harland) and his cousin Michelle Mallon (Jamie-Lee O'Donnell), devastated. But knowing where he belonged, James put his foot down and demanded that he stayed with his friends. He whole-heartedly screamed that he was a "Derry Girl" at the end, which had fans laughing through teary-eyes. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry Derry Girls is making a comeback for season three on Channel 4, airing its premiere episode on Tuesday, April 12, at 9.15pm. The previous two series consisted of a total of six episodes each and season three will be no different. Derry Girls' third outing will be made up of six episodes as well, with a new instalment coming out in the same timeslot every week. If you're unable to watch the sitcom as it airs on Channel 4, there is no need worry. Once an episode has come out, it will then be available to watch on Channel 4's streaming service All4. The entirety of Derry Girls seasons one and two are already on the streamer. All series three episodes will be ready on there too once the series has reached its conclusion. As long as there are no delays in scheduling, Derry Girls' season three finale will be out on Tuesday, May 17. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk leave village [THEORY]Derry Girls season 3 episode 1 cast: Who is joining the final season? [CAST]Derry Girls’ James star ‘still processing’ final day on series [EXPLAINER] Unfortunately, this is the beginning of the end as it has already been announced that this will be the last ever series of the sitcom. The third season had already been ordered by Channel 4 when the news came out. But writer Lisa McGee revealed in September 2021 that it had always been the plan to end with three seasons. She explained the friends' story of growing up in an Irish town was slowing coming to an end. McGee tweeted: “It was always the plan to say goodbye after three series. "Derry Girls is a coming of age story; following five ridiculous teenagers as they slowly…very slowly…start to become adults, while around them the place they call home starts to change too and Northern Ireland enters a new, more hopeful phase — which was a small, magical window of time. “Derry Girls is a love letter to the place I come from and the people who shaped me. "It has been an honour to write it and I will be forever proud of everything it’s achieved.” Derry Girls season 3 premieres on Tuesday, April 12, at 9.15pm on Channel 4.