Carol Vorderman is no stranger to showcasing her various looks on social media and it was no different when the former Countdown presenter took to Instagram and unveiled her latest transformation yesterday. The BBC Radio Wales host joked that she had gone from "scruff to not scruff". Taking to the picture-sharing site yesterday, the mathematician shared a candid selfie of herself wearing no makeup. The 61-year-old unveiled her flawless skin and glowy complexion as she smiled for the snap. She could be seen sitting in the back of a car on her way to an event. Carol's blonde tresses flowed loosely over her shoulders as the mum-of-two appeared in good spirits. READ MORE: Martin Roberts has further tests on his lungs after hospital dash In a second photo, the former Channel 4 presenter looked glamorous as she showcased her stunning transformation. The age-defying beauty rocked heavy makeup as she had dolled up for the event. The on-screen star sported an off-the-shoulder striped dress. Carol donned a smokey eye which she teamed with a rouge lip as she pouted for the snap.  She accessorised her look with a pair of diamond earrings and her long tresses were in loose curls. In view of his 218,000 followers, Carol captioned the post: "Meanwhile in another parallel universe.... before and after makeup today in TV studio filming a show. "Scruff to not scruff....forgot to smile for the camera!!! Soz #makeup." The former Countdown star was inundated with messages of support from her legion of followers. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose flaunts her jaw-dropping curves in diamanté bodysuit[LATEST]Ulrika Jonsson's racy ‘nip slip’ landed her in trouble with daughter[ADMISSION]Amanda Holden, 51, hasn't aged since unearthed underwear photoshoot[PICTURES] Denise Van Outen commented: "Beautiful." Owain Wyn Evans remarked: "Très goegrouxè in both pic one and two mein CYNTAF dahling." Lucas Monrose said: "#Your Always Beautiful Carol." Frank Berry remarked: "Looking absolutely gorgeous as always Carol." "Love the before… natural beauty… be proud to take you out like that," Dolly Dolman commented. Keith Moore gushed: "Both looks are beautiful." Rocket Tron offered: "Just as beautiful without makeup Carol." "Natural beauty," Baoan added.