Helmut Marko’s comments claiming Lewis Hamilton should have retired at the end of last season was a ‘cheap shot’ at the seven-time champion, according to Johnny Herbert. The former driver turned Sky Sports pundit claims Hamilton was ‘on fire’ at the end of last season as he chased down Max Verstappen to take the title to the final race. Herbert even claimed Red Bull would ‘want’ Hamilton in their car and said the team understood the Briton would be a ‘big threat’ when Mercedes get on top of their issues. After the race in Imola, Marko was asked what he thought of Hamilton after he finished a lowly 13th. Marko responded: “He was lapped by us so maybe he should have stopped last year, he is thinking maybe.” Herbert refuted the claims, adding Hamilton is the man to beat come the end of the season. He told Sky Sports News: “What a cheap shot. Typical Helmut Marko and Red Bull to be honest. After everything that happened last year and what a battle there was between Max and Lewis and of course Red Bull and Mercedes, it went down to the wire. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton should have 'quit' to avoid Mercedes 'disaster' “The race at the end of the year as we know was completely and utterly wrong. But it was the man who dominated the last part of the year, that was Lewis Hamilton. “It shows that he was on fire at the end of last year. Would they want him in their car, yes they would. “But they know he’s a big threat for them once Mercedes get everything together and they start battling for those race wins again.” Mercedes have struggled to get on top of their car issues this season with Hamilton seemingly stuck in the midfield. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton's 'psychological strength' questioned after Imola [INSIGHT]Esteban Ocon explains why Lewis Hamilton was nearly hit in Imola pits [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton on worst run for nine years after 'weekend to forget' [COMMENT] The champion’s 13th-place finish in Imola was his second disappointing result of the campaign, following on from his 10th in Saudi Arabia. It left the Briton seventh in the drivers’ standings and already 58 points behind leader Charles Leclerc. Team-mate George Russell has fared slightly better with four successive top-five finishes leaving him fourth in the points. Sky Sports' Ted Kravitz warned Hamilton could call it quits on his time with Mercedes if they fail to provide him with a competitive car. He said: “He always needs to have a fight on his hands in order to motivate himself, he’s always at his best when he’s fighting against something. But this is the ultimate fight, having a car that even if he does galvanise himself and the team, he is only capable of being a midfield runner. “That is not the situation that Mercedes are used to. He’ll be questioning his future within the team as to whether he wants to hang around for that.”