Holly Willoughby, 41, and her This Morning co-star Phillip Schofield, 60, can usually be found laughing and joking around when filming, so it may come as a surprise to the latter that the blonde beauty thinks of someone else as her “funniest co-star ever”. Actor and comedian Lee Mack, 53, has been working with Holly on the new BBC show, Freeze The Fear, and the experience left her feeling like he is the most humorous person she has ever shared the small screen with. After a screening of the show, Holly revealed: “I've never worked with anyone as funny as Lee Mack. “On-screen, off-screen, we had the best time.” Holly was absent from This Morning in January, leaving Phillip fronting the show with guest hosts while she filmed with Lee. During the weekends, the 41-year-old did return to record Dancing on Ice with her regular host, Phillip. READ MORE: Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue Freeze the Fear is a show where celebrities push themselves to the limit by enduring challenges in sub-zero temperatures. Holly said she took the plunge herself. The show is also presented by Wim Hof, who is best known as The Iceman. Holly’s husband Daniel Baldwin is co-founder of Hungry Bear Media and an executive producer on the show. The mother-of-three explained: “In the hotel there was an ice-cold shower that we stood under and were like: 'Right, let's do it.' “I have it all on film and one day I'll put it on Instagram. “I was so jealous of what the celebrities were doing because you could see the change. “You could see the transformation, you could see what they were coming away with - and it's infectious.” DON'T MISS: Ricky Gervais mocks backlash over Chris Rock's Jada Pinkett Smith joke [LATEST]Will Smith 'set for more humiliation' over Jada's ex's tell-all book [UPDATE]Lewis Hamilton risks sparking neighbours' fury in 'plans to cut trees' [NEWS] Contestants on the show include Dianne Buswell, Professor Green and Gabby Logan. Last month, Holly was in hysterics after making a mess on the show’s cooking segment. Phillip didn’t see the funny side, though, and swiftly told Holly off for pouring lemon juice on him. The moment was captured on live TV. Gino D'Acampo was demonstrating how to cook a lemon chicken dish when things got messy. Poor Phillip was splattered with lemon juice as a result of Holly’s careless technique. It comes as a source has claimed viewers may be seeing more shows hosted by Holly, without Phillip by her side. According to The Sun, a source said of her stint fronting I'm A Celebrity with Dec Donnelly in 2018: “Holly loved I’m a Celeb so much it gave her the confidence to strike out on her own and do more mainstream solo TV projects.” Freeze The Fears airs tonight at 9pm, on BBC One and will be available on BBC iPlayer.