Daniel Ricciardo is remaining bullish about his team's chances of winning a race before the end of the year despite McLaren's wretched start to the 2022 season. Just a few weeks before lights out in Bahrain there was a real sense of optimism for the team but, just two difficult races in, much of the positivity has faded away. Neither Ricciardo nor Lando Norris managed to finish in the top 10 in the season opener, and the same was true for the Aussie last time out in Saudi Arabia. At least Norris took home six points for finishing seventh in Jeddah, but team principal Andreas Seidl and chief Zak Brown will want much more than that to fulfil their ambitions. After all, this is a McLaren team which has just come off back-to-back seasons in which it was battling to finish as 'best of the rest' behind Mercedes and Red Bull in the drivers' standings. That's what happened in 2020, while Ferrari managed to win the race to third place last year. It is early days in 2022 of course, but McLaren find themselves in eighth place after the first two races. Only the pointless pair of Aston Martin and Williams are below them in the standings, while the likes of Alpine, Haas and Alfa Romeo are all outperforming them so far. JUST IN: McLaren boss calls for FIA to introduce new calendar rule changes A lack of downforce and grip has been the main issue for both drivers, and in Bahrain in particular it rendered both cars entirely uncompetitive. Ricciardo's source of optimism going forward is that progress was made for the race in Jeddah a week later, signalling that the team is no longer in "crisis mode". "If it comes, it will come a bit later than certainly desired," he told The Race. "But without getting ahead [of ourselves], if we were to come and win a race at some point this year, I wouldn't actually be surprised because I still believe in the team and the process we have in place and the people we have in place to get the job done. "I have 100% faith and belief in people like Andreas [Seidl]. [Bahrain] was a bit of a crisis mode. I think we've got ourselves out of that, but it's true we've got to turn this ship around and I think he's at least one of the best guys to do it. So ask me in six months' time and I might not be surprised where we are." DON'T MISS:Daniel Ricciardo demands Mercedes fix engine issues as McLaren struggleLando Norris agrees with Max Verstappen on 2022 rule changesMax Verstappen cracks up laughing at Norris' bleak McLaren admission As one of six drivers yet to score a point, Ricciardo will want to see personal improvements sooner rather than later. What better time to do it than at this weekend's Australian Grand Prix, as he races in his homeland for the first time in three years. "I'm excited to go home, definitely, it's been a while," he said about the return to Melbourne. "I've heard sales have been nuts and it's going to be an awesome atmosphere so I cannot wait. "Max [Verstappen] is cheering! He's excited to go as well. It's personal to me because I am Aussie and it's a home one and that's a privilege, but every driver I speak to about Melbourne, they love it, they love it as an event. It's exciting to go through the track changes as well this year, see what kind of racing that produces. So, just a big bundle of excitement."