Money saving expert Beth is the Mancunian money guru behind Budget Jones Diary. The Chartered Accountant works full-time in finance and paid off a whopping £20k in personal debt. She spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk on how she is coping during the cost of living crisis. An advocate for the power of budgeting, Beth explained how she is adapting hers during the crisis. "Budgeting is all about adaptation," she said. The expert went on to list various "options" the British public has to survive the crisis. Beth said: "Costs are increasing at a serious rate and so you have a few options really." READ MORE: Leave a legacy for your family – not the taxman! Protect yourself from inheritance tax Beth's first option is for those who have enough to cover their bills. She said Britons could "simply do nothing but have less disposable income to play with." Of course, this will leave savers worse off, with less cash to potentially save. Beth's second and third options involve either spending less or increasing your income. She said: "Decrease other expenses where you can, by switching suppliers, using discounts or even cashback. "Or," she went on, "you could increase your income by starting a side hustle or negotiating a raise at work." DON'T MISSMum who saved £17k in a year shares sinking fund envelope system [INSIGHT] State pensioner slams increase as elderly 'dying of cold, not Covid' [PENSIONS] Britons could get reductions on their council tax on top of £150 rebate [HOW TO] For Beth, she is looking to the third option. "You can only decrease your expenses to an extent," she said. "So, for me personally, increasing my income is the only option. "I will continue to grow my Budget Jones’s Diary brand and lessen the burden of the cost of living crisis." The expert detailed her general budgeting tips to Express.co.uk recently. She said: "Creating your first budget may take time and it will be ever-evolving, but you must persevere with it and remain consistent – your hard work will definitely pay off!" Her tips to create your budget include; calculating your income, analysing your expenses, and writing down your goals. Rising energy prices The energy sector's regulator Ofgem has increased the price cap by 54 percent. Bills are expected to rise annually by £700. Rising national insurance National insurance is rising by 10 percent. Rising council tax Council tax is rising by 3.5 percent on average across band D properties. Some councils are raising the tax by more than four percent and one, Sandwell, by more than five percent. This will leave some in the band paying a huge £2,000 a year. Water bills rising Water bills are rising by 1.7 percent on average. Lateral flow tests are not free Lateral flow tests will no longer be free across the UK, rolling out first in England. This has left Britons financially squeezed compared to previous years, with many rightly concerned about costs. A deals expert has suggested a £20 heated blanket from Amazon, which works out as cheaper to run than heating a whole house. The money-saving option was suggested by Chloe Carmichael, money saving expert and founder of Chloe’s Deal Club. She told Express.co.uk readers: "I recently invested in a heated blanket which I use at my desk. "It’s much cheaper to run than heating and saves me heating the whole house."