Juventus are reportedly ramping up their interest in Ajax winger Antony in a major blow to incoming Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag. The Dutchman is supposedly keen to take the flamboyant winger with him to Old Trafford, but those hopes could be dashed if the Bianconeri put a tempting offer on the table. Antony is supposedly high on Ten Hag's priority list amid talk of a summer swoop once he takes charge of the Red Devils. The pair have worked together since 2020, forging a fruitful player-manager partnership which has seen the Brazilian flourish in the Netherlands. The prospect of a transfer to Old Trafford has, in the past, been irresistible to many but United are in a tough place at present. Calciomercato claim that Juve could capitalise on the hostility by tabling a bid of their own. A price-tag just shy of £30million has supposedly prompted the Turin giants to 'intensify' their contact for the 22-year-old. Indeed, they could make headway in the deal if talks progress while Ten Hag is still focused on his job at Ajax. JUST IN: Todd Boehly 'wins race' to buy Chelsea in £3.5bn deal to replace Roman Abramovich Dutch media claim that Antony is keen to take the next step in his career and leave Amsterdam this summer. Whether that lies in Manchester, Turin or somewhere else is set to be decided in a few weeks' time, and both sides have a strong Brazilian contingent that would seemingly make them an attractive destination. Antony's breakthrough came with Sao Paolo as a teenager, before taking the Eredivisie challenge in his stride upon moving to Ajax in 2020. Having hit double figures in all competitions last term, the youngster is on course for an even better campaign in front of goal and has the ability to wow fans with his quick feet and imagination. DON'T MISSRoy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]West Ham fans 'attack' German media after Michail Antonio goal against Frankfurt[REPORT]Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer[GOSSIP]  It remains to be seen if Ralf Rangnick, who will become a Man Utd consultant at the end of the season, is equally keen on the idea of competing with Juventus for Antony's signature. Exactly how much weight the current interim boss will carry is unknown, particularly after taking up a job to manage the Austrian men's national team after his Red Devils touchline duties are up. Antony could arrive amid a host of other attacking recruits this summer, with United set to be left thin on the ground. Mason Greenwood's future is in huge doubt, Marcus Rashford is believed to be mulling over a new challenge, as is Anthony Martial, while Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata and Edinson Cavani are all set to leave for free upon the expiration of their contracts.  Jadon Sancho and Anthony Elanga have the form and talent to boost Ten Hag's chances of hitting the ground running, but they will need back up. In recent weeks, Rangnick has stressed the need for United to go big in the summer transfer window. "There will be a rebuild here," he said earlier this month, "Six, seven, maybe 10 new players will come." 