Traditionally on Maundy Thursday, the Queen travels to a different cathedral across the country to hand out special coins to “men and women in recognition for their contribution to their community and church.” This year, however, the Queen had to pull out of the beloved tradition, with Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall representing her instead. The Queen will also no longer attend the Easter Sunday church service which usually occurs each year. Each Easter, most members of the Royal Family including Kate Middleton and Prince William, and Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie gather at Windsor Castle for the Easter Sunday church service at St George’s Chapel. After the church service at Windsor, the Royal Family usually head back to the £239million castle for a traditional roast lamb lunch. The monarch will still enjoy the religious festivity at home however, in Windsor Castle.  The King’s State Bedchamber is covered with red-patterned wallpaper, features red, ornate rugs and an impressive four-poster bed. Five paintings hang from the walls depicting famous scenes and landscapes. A white fireplace sits in the centre of the room and chairs line the walls with red upholstery. An intricate chandelier with multiple candelabras hangs from the ceiling. READ MORE: 'Smoking' Camilla would 'loll around' and have 'raucous dinners'  The dining room’s most impressive feature is its intricately carved ceiling which was completely restored after a fire ripped through part of the building in 1992. The State Dining Room, in the Prince of Wales's Tower at the north-east corner of the Upper Ward, was one of the most damaged rooms. The room is decorated with red carpets and drapes with a white, marble fireplace. Candelabras line the room and a huge painting hangs above the fireplace.  Like many of the rooms in Windsor Castle, this room is decorated almost exclusively in red and gold. The room has impressive floor-to-ceiling windows which boast stunning views of the surrounding countryside. The walls are decorated with red wallpaper and gold trim with matching furniture. The ceiling in this room is also incredible with intricate gold patterns and carvings.  This room has green upholstered chairs, multiple chandeliers and green wallpaper. While the other rooms are filled with fine art, this room seems to be full of mirrors as well as a few scattered paintings. The ceiling in this room is also impeccably decorated but seems to have a more geometric design. The room was also the location of Archie Harrison’s christening photos.  This room is lined with knights from the Order of the Garter and is used twice a year for state banquets. The luxury room is famous for being the location where Archie Harrison was first introduced to the world. This room was used as the location for The Prince of Wales and The Duchess Of Cornwall, Camilla Parker-Bowles’ official wedding photos. It was also used for Princess Eugenie's formal wedding photos. The White Drawing Room was decorated by Morel & Seddon and is more subtle. The room is white with gold trim with gold, pale blue and red carpets. Portraits line the walls along with mirrors and floral patterns. 