Arsenal's prospective transfer for Gabriel Jesus this summer might already be in peril for a number of reasons. The Manchester City star was in red-hot form on Saturday after scoring four against Watford. Arsenal might have a number of problems when it comes to signing Jesus from City. The Brazilian is expected to leave to make room for Erling Haaland. The Borussia Dortmund star is on the brink of moving to the Etihad this summer to bolster Pep Guardiola's already-terrifying attack. The Norway international is the top target at City, who are keen on signing a striker. But they are not the only ones looking to bolster their frontline with Mikel Arteta making a forward a priority this summer after losing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Several have been linked including Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Alexander Isak and Victor Osimhen. But the preferred choice has been reported to be Jesus, who Arteta knows well after coaching him at City. The Spaniard is keen to bring in the 25-year-old and give him the playing time that he feels he deserves. And with City preparing to sign Haaland - who will cost nearly £300million in total - offloading fringe players might be the best choice for the Etihad chiefs. However, that does not mean that a transfer for Jesus will be simple. There are several problems that could arise such as the fact that Jesus' brilliant form might make City think twice before losing him. While not always in the starting line-up, Jesus has been a reliable goalscorer for City over the years. His four-goal plundering of Watford saw his season tally boost to 11 - which coupled with his 12 assists - makes a fine return on just over 2,000 minutes this season. It means that Jesus might still have a role to lay in Manchester, especially considering Haaland's recent injury troubles. Lessening the squad is exactly why the door is still open on Liverpool winning the Premier League, who also are hunting down the Champions League and FA Cup. If City want to start cleaning up trophies, they will need all the reinforcements they can get. City might also just whack Jesus' price up after his fine form - which could see Arsenal ruled out of the running. The Gunners spent over £150m last summer and might have to rein in their spending somewhat. However, whatever the price will be will likely spark a feeding frenzy with plenty of clubs keen on signing a striker this summer. One of Jesus' quality will interest several sides, which could begin a bidding war where the only ones with the advantage are City.