BBC Breakfast presenters Dan Walker and Sally Nugent talked to the Morning Live team, including Gethin Jones, as they gave a preview of what was coming up in the next show. Dan couldn't help but stir things up as he made a cheeky dig at Gethin for missing his lunch plans with Sally, adding: "At least I'm reliable."  As the morning show cut to Gethin in the Morning Live studio, Dan chimed in to ask: "Geth, by the way how was your lunch with Sally yesterday?" Embarrassed, Gethin looked down as he replied: "Oh, it was perfect, thanks very much." Grinning, he added: "It was lovely, we talked about you a lot." "It never happened, did it?" Dan revealed as the presenter laughed. READ MORE: Louis Theroux ex-wife: Star’s ‘marriage of convenience’ in New York Referencing his upcoming exit from the show, he added: "You see, I might be going but at least I'm reliable." As Gethin nodded silently, Dan laughed: "See you later!" Back in the BBC Breakfast studio, Sally turned to her colleague and remarked: "You're such a troublemaker." "Sorry," Dan muttered, grinning. "You didn't get to lunch with him though, did you?"  Sally glared at him, cringing before the pair cracked up laughing. It came after former BBC Breakfast host Louise Minchin appeared as a guest almost six months after she left. After 20 years, she filmed her final show in September, and Dan took the opportunity to ask her to make a comeback. "There might be a vacancy here in a few weeks," he said, alluding to his imminent exit, as Sally stated: "We've done it before, Louise." DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent admits she can 'see change' in Louise [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes blasts Prince Andrew over title debate [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Bernie Taylor makes exit after betrayal [THEORY] Declining the jokey offer, Louise cited "the hours" as her reason for not returning. "It was hard enough getting up at 6am today," she admitted, laughing. Before the candid interaction, Gethin commented: "I love the fact she's like 'no, can't do 3am starts anymore!'" He also announced what would be coming up on the chat show. "We've got loads coming up on the show today," he revealed. "Including this - it's something many of us take for granted but a shocking 30 percent of families on low incomes can't afford to buy their children a bed." Co-presenter Kimberley Walsh added: "And chicken pox can often be seen as a childhood illness but it can often be worrying when caught later in life. "Doctor Punam is here to tell us why March to May is when we are more likely to catch it." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.