Take Scotland Yard, a name known to every policeman on the planet. The Yard was always the detective wing of the much larger Metropolitan Police, also revered as one of the greatest police forces in the world. Now we are told by an inquiry it is institutionally corrupt and took on 100 officers with criminal records in the past two years alone. These officers should never have been allowed to wear the uniform or take the oath to the Queen. How many Commissioners presided over this degeneration and why were they garlanded with honours, titles and pension pots? Another reputation we once had was for the brilliant and smooth expertise of the Civil Service, admired worldwide for its ability to get the job done efficiently and with quiet skill as fast as it could possibly be done. However, in the past few years we have seen, following the scuttle out of Afghanistan, the abandonment ment of hundreds who helped us and translated for us. As other countries hustled helpers out of Kabul, the Foreign Office provided more and more forms to fill, pending the arrival of permission to fly. Many never made it as the Taliban closed in. Competing in the fiasco stakes is the Home Office which might as well build a bridge across the Channel as thousands of illegal immigrants pour across unimpeded. These are overwhelmingly fit young men. But when old, female and under-age Ukrainians seek the help of a more-than-willing British public, they must sit on the Polish border in freezing cold while forms are filled, shuffled and studied. And, of course, our National Health Service, the first in the world, the prototype copied by others, admired globally, is now racked by crisis as other health services forge ahead in quality. The fault is not due to the front line - the doctors, nurses and paramedics - but due to the huge army of bureaucrats, half unnecessary and absorbing a great chunk of the budget, producing stupid or inoperable plans and, of course, generating a hurricane of paper forms. But never mind. At the top of the mountain is the Cabinet Office and on top of that 10 Downing Street, always promising reform and massive improvement as we taxpayers shovel our money into the Chancellor's bottomless pocket. And our chances? Well, both crews are now under Scotland Yard investigation for lying to us about parties during lockdown, which is also now alleged to have been a monstrous mistake anyway. So what does another porkie matter? Back in the days of National Service, we had a two-word phrase for this sort of thing. The second was "up" and the first not for use in a family newspaper. ---------- A SIMPLE if brutal military fact. Russia can go on pounding Ukrainian cities and pulverising buildings with people in them until they are blue in the face. They will not win that way. They can reduce every town and city to rubble - they will still lose. Only one machine can give them victory. Not the bomb, not the shell - it is the tank. Only when they have entered and occupied every town and village will they be able to say they have conquered Ukraine and they cannot do that with aeroplanes, ships offshore or faraway long-range cannons. They need tanks to support the infantry, for without them troops will be cut to pieces. That is why the anti-tank missiles we are sending Ukraine are so valuable. They are lightweight, shoulder bone, easy to fire and totally effective at destroying tanks. And when every Russian tank on Ukrainian soil dare not move an inch without revealing its presence and being reduced to a smoking ruin, Putin will have lost his genocidal gamble. My sources in the shadows indicate that it is coming, and we will go on sending them. AND THERE was me thinking contortionists were found in circuses. Not so. There is one at the Treasury. Name of Rishi Sunak. You may have heard of him. He doesn't need a suit for work; a leotard is fine. ----------- WE RESIDENTS of the South-east are officially told to be very careful of exercise due to impurities in the atmosphere. Not our fault, they come from abroad. Love it, love it. When the CO rabbits on about my fading fitness and tries to cajole me into a five-mile run, I can reply that, alas, it's forbidden. So carry on foreigners, keep sending in the muck and I can stay on the lounger in the sun. ----------- YOU CAN analyse our present economic crisis - and it IS a crisis - until the cows trot up the garden path, but it comes back to one problem: energy. If we had ample energy and a surplus to sell abroad, wholly within our borders and therefore ours, we could plunge our prices and pay off our debts. The fact we are desperate for every therm, paying through the nose for them, and trillions in debt, is partly the fiasco of our Covid-handling and partly 20 years of bone-idleness at governmental level. This crisis has been predictable for years. There are five basic energy forms. Coal, gas, oil (all now-discredited on eco-grounds) plus wind and sun (both completely unreliable and needing massive back-up from the traditional three). A little comes from nuclear fission (not fusion) and new reactors are being built at a snail's pace. But there are five "possibles" - all ignored by Tory and Labour regimes when they should have been priorities. There is wave power - those roaring tides flowing in and out twice a day, without fail and free. Geothermal energy - the blazing heat at our planet's core that's hardly been explored. And there are limitless oceans of shale gas and oil beneath our feet, forbidden thanks to unproven fears of earth tremors. Meanwhile, the US has forged ahead, sustained no seismic disasters and is now a net exporter, her energy problems solved. There is also carbon capture - the filtering out of the toxic carbons in waste matter to release into the atmosphere only hot air and water vapour. Instead of setting our brilliant scientists to work on the above, we have devastated our landscapes and seascapes with hideous wind turbines and covered green acres with black sheets. Neither provide more than a fraction of what we need. So our premier flies cap-in-hand to Saudi Arabia to be rebuffed and Putin funds his genocide on oil and gas which the West buys as Ukraine is raped. So we plunge into near bankruptcy and misery, as prices outstrip anything the old, frail, hard-up and low-paid can begin to afford, while the same premier is pictured in a variety of silly garbs on one media photo-call after another. They say only the congenitally stupid just go on and on disregarding evidence as they move from failure to failure. So what category does our Government fall into? We have to over-rule the luvvies, the WAILINGWILLIEs and the panickers - most especially those pursuing unproven theories and predicting unproven disaster. The very proven disasters of cold, hunger and misery for our most vulnerable are not on the horizon any more - they're here. ----------- APRIL IS the cruellest month, wrote TS Eliot as the opening line of The Waste Land. Honestly, what a daft thing to say. I love April - which dawned upon us today even though its weather came a week early. Everywhere Mother Nature, who has no wristwatch, is beaming. Green buds are upon the trees, the lawn has had its first mow and daffodils provide a blaze of gold along every verge up my lane. As songbirds nestle and warble, my feeding tables are being raided at levels not even seen through the winter. Chicks somewhere must be needing all those suet-flakes. Even as the cost of living goes through the rafters, even as we are told our £2.5trillion debt will cost us more £80billion in interest, even as petrol prices pass that of claret, and even as much of the world is plunged into war, misery and pain, we inside our sea-girt fortress home are broadly well, safe, fed and democratic. So Nature bids us perk up and be cheerful. After all, this is a new year. Surely we can make it better than the previous Covid-ravaged two?