John will appear in a news edition of Pointless Celebrities tonight at 7.50pm. The BBC’S former chief political correspondent will appear alongside other familiar broadcasting faces, including: Michael Buerk, Gavin Ramjaun and Nelufar Hedayat. The contestants will compete to score as few points as possible by trying to come up with answers no one else could think of. Mr Sergeant has over 50 years experience in the broadcasting industry, he is perhaps best known for his role as the BBC’s chief political correspondent. He later joined ITN as political editor, but retired in the early noughties. In spite of his retirement, Mr Sergeant still occasionally appears on TV screens. The veteran newscaster competed on Strictly Come Dancing 14 years ago and became a fan favourite despite his lack of dancing ability. More recently, he opined on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, who had been the subject of speculation following the confirmation that they would not be attending Prince Philip’s memorial service. Speaking to Dan Wootton on GB News last month, Mr Sergeant described them as “just awful” and hit-out at the “damage” he said they had done to the Royal Family. He said: "I think we should never hear from them again. "I would just like to wake up and for someone to say, who do you mean there. "It's just awful, the pointless damage they've done. "It's one thing to say they were treated unfairly, you know they weren't." Mr Wootton interjected to say that he believed the Sussexes had been treated fairly and claimed that the Royal Family had “laid out the red carpet” for them, and added: “They got everything they wanted." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to the UK after the segment was broadcast. DON'T MISS:  Meghan Markle fans rejoice at video of Kate seemingly being snubbed [REVEAL] Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim [SPOTLIGHT] During a secret stop-off on their way to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, they visited Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and later, the Queen. The royal couple stepped down from their positions as senior royals in a shock exit in 2020. Before their return, Harry had come back to his home country twice — once for the funeral of his grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh, and the second for the unveiling of a statue of his late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. Meghan had not been on British soil since their departure. The Sussexes' meeting with Charles and Camilla has been described as “edgy” in a number of reports. They later had tea with the Queen at her home in Windsor Castle. Harry spoke fondly of his reunion with his grandmother, telling NBC’S Hoda Kotb: "It was great. It was really nice to see her. To be able to see her in some element of privacy was nice. “I hadn't had the chance to go back the UK for couple of years apart from those two times — one for my grandfather's funeral and one for unveiling a statue of my mum. He added: “You know, she's on great form. She has always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure she's protected and has got the right people around her.  “I did [make her laugh]. Meghan and I had tea with her. It was really nice to catch up with her." The Duke did not talk about the meeting with his father and later avoided a question about him and Prince William, his older brother. Meghan and Harry have reportedly been invited to join the Royal Family for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations later this year. Events during the extended weekend will be broadcast live on BBC One, where Pointless Celebrities will be airing at 7.50pm tonight.