Al (played by Michael Wildman) and Cain (Jeff Hordley) are two of Emmerdale's most notorious characters at the moment as they continue to take revenge on one another without crossing the line too far. As things get heated over the next couple of weeks and the villain turns the Dingles against their strongest player, it seems Cain will be out for blood by the time next month gets underway. It has been teased by the producer of the ITV soap, Laura Shaw, the end is neigh for this storyline as it takes centre stage in the flashback week. However, instead of one of the men being killed off, it could be both of the characters will end up dead in one of the biggest twists in recent times. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, Laura explained: "When we get into the big week, on Monday we will start with a flashforward and you'll be absolutely screaming at your TV to find out what on Earth is going on. "I think I actually squealed with excitement when I saw it for the first time. And then we will reveal a little bit more each day, Monday to Thursday with the flashforward, with everything obviously being fully revealed by the end of the week. "We'll see the Cain and Al's rivalry resurface, and I can promise you that will take a big twist in the special week and lives will definitely be in danger. "When Cain ends that episode [the week before] saying this is just the calm before the storm, trust me he means it! "We know they have a simmering rivalry that's been building for months now, so I think it's obvious that it's going to be explosive when these two butt heads again." READ MORE: Casualty theory: Dylan Keogh's secret rumbled in affair twist "Will they both come away from the week unscathed or will something big happen that changes the dynamic between these two forever?" the producer continued. "I must admit it's going to be something big," she added and with a lot of talk about someone dying, it could be very possible they are both being written out. Some viewers might be pleased to see the back of Al, seeing as he has caused a huge amount of trouble since arriving in the village three years ago. However, Cain's demise will be one which will rock fans' hearts for years to come as is a stalwart of the Yorkshire-based drama. Having been a part of the show for 22 years, his departure will affect many villagers as they come to terms with the bad boy not being around. Teasing more about the week of special episodes, Laura added: "As well as all the exciting drama, the week is going to feature stunts and action too. "We filmed a fairly big stunt. It has been really exciting and fun to plan and to film, and I don't think we've ever done anything like it before, not in the 20 years I've been in Emmerdale anyway. "We know that the audience always loves it when we step out of our normal storytelling style. We've done a similar sort of thing to this before, we did the Big Night Out episode. "I think it's always exciting when we do these weeks. Emmerdale has become really well known for them now. It's always the question I get asked the most, when are we doing it again?" Whatever happens and whether two people die or not, the repercussions will be felt until the show's 50th anniversary in October. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Malandra Burrows admits 'heartbreak' over cancer diagnosis [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker bids sad farewell to co-star Paige Sandhu [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Katie Hill told to go back home by bosses after blunder [COMMENT] Laura said: "Certainly here it gets the whole building buzzing with excitement because everyone knows some of the storylines that have been bubbling along for a while are going to massively explode in a huge way. "It will also kick off other stories in big dramatic fashion that will take us through the rest of the year and of course, undoubtedly be big for our huge 50th celebration in October." The circumstances behind Al and Cain's feud coming to a head have not been officially revealed but last month, it was teased a car chase could be involved. Paparazzi pictures showed the actor who plays Cain, Jeff, and the actress who plays Chas Dingle, Lucy Pargeter, driving in a car. Al is nowhere to be seen but it could be assumed he is locked in the back of the vehicle as part of Cain's revenge plan. As one thing leads to another and the car skids off the road, the driver and passenger locked in the boot could suffer from life-threatening injuries. Chas could come out unscathed but her brother could be in a seriously bad way given the position the car is in when it flips. Upon impact, Al could have been killed instantly as he wouldn't have been protected in the boot of the car. Cain could end up being rushed to hospital, with the doctors working tirelessly to pull him through this but his injuries could be too severe. Life in the village would never be the same again as the Dingles would have to process their grief over Cain and the fact they wouldn't ever be hounded by Al again. Earlier this year, executive producer Jane Hudson, also teased the drama which is to come from the Al and Cain storyline conclusion. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, she said: "I think we can probably tease in our special week that Cain and Al's feud is definitely not over. "Something will happen that will make those two have to look at their relationship with each other. "So there's definitely going to be an explosive Cain/Al moment in our special week. I think the audience are really enjoying these two men constantly at war." So will they both end up six feet under as their greed and need for power results in them both making an exit from the show? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.