Neil Martin was delivering packages to Amazon customers in the area of Wigan, near Manchester, on March 16, when he began feeling unwell. At around 2pm, he began experiencing chest pains, feeling dizzy, and having cold sweats. Worried about his symptoms, the 46-year-old pulled over and contacted his employer, Deva Logistics, a contractor for Amazon. He informed his manager about his symptoms and asked to leave work so that he could go to the hospital. Mr Martin told the Liverpool Echo: “I asked if someone could come and get my packages because I wanted to go to the hospital. “They told me someone could come and take half my route off me but that they couldn't do any more than that." And so a standby driver met him to take some of the packages that he was supposed to deliver, and he 'had no choice but to carry on with the rest', as he told Liverpool Echo. Mr Martin said: "I didn't realise how serious it was at the time. “But it went on right through the afternoon, just getting worse and worse. “The dizzy spells were so bad I kept having to pull over because I couldn't see anything." Despite his situation, the worker managed to pull off his shift and returned the van to the Amazon depot in Knowsley at 6:30 pm. He said: "When I got back to the depot my manager asked me if I was alright to work tomorrow and said he had a smaller route over the water I can go on. READ MORE: Amazon is increasing prices for thousands of customers in the UK “I said I need to go to the hospital before I start thinking about packages." So he rushed to Whiston Hospital, where the doctors found his heartbeat racing at 320 beats per minute and told him he had already suffered a heart attack. Mr Martin had to be kept in the hospital for 10 days in order to be treated and monitored before he was sent home to recuperate. He said: "The doctors asked me why I had waited so long before coming in. I was disgusted. “It made me feel like delivering packages was more important than my health. “I am not blaming them for me having a heart attack, but I feel like I could have died on that road and they didn't care." A spokesperson for Deva told the Liverpool Echo that the company had understood that Mr Martin was relieved from all his packages and immediately sent home.