Sophie, Countess of Wessex has been a member of the Royal Family since 1999 where her figure has not really changed. What kind of diet does the royal follow to stay fit and healthy? Sophie follows a very healthy diet as a consequence of a near-tragic event in 2003 that badly impacted her pregnancy.  When pregnant with her first child, Lady Louise Windsor, the Countess began to haemorrhage. At the time, Sophie was alone at her and Prince Edward’s home at Bagshot Park and had to be airlifted to the nearby Frimley Park hospital. Louise was born a month early weighing less than five pounds and went straight to intensive care. Sophie lost nine pints of blood and spent more than a week in hospital recovering.  READ MORE: Prince Harry 'excited by his keen reception' in latest video  The experience reportedly made Sophie want to follow a healthier diet and lifestyle. She is said to eat a balanced diet full of organic ingredients and, as a result, has maintained a slim and toned frame. The Countess reportedly does not eat much bread, fried food, sugary puddings or pastries. She also consumes very little alcohol and eats foods that are high in fibre and protein.  These include smoothies and porridge for breakfast and chicken, fish, salad and vegetables for lunch or dinner. Fish, vegetables, and fruits make up the Mediterranean diet, which experts have claimed is “one of the healthiest diets” in the world. Nutrition expert and founder of The Detox Kitchen, Lily Simpson claimed Sophie eats “a diet of plant-based food and lean protein”. She added that this “has had a huge impact on the appearance of skin, as does keeping well hydrated and getting proper sleep,” she told the Daily Mail.  Sophie also reportedly enjoys picnics and barbecues during the summer. During a personal interview, she revealed her husband Prince Edward usually prepares barbecues in the summer. Sophie said: “He is very good at barbecues, and the children love those. “He takes our son fishing, does a lot of riding with our daughter, he is very engaged as a father,” she told The Start Magazine. 