Tina (played by Luisa Bradshaw-White) was tragically killed by Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) in December 2020 on EastEnders but it was only recently her body was found and her family were able to give her the send-off she deserved. In the coming weeks and months on the BBC soap, the likes of her sister Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) and her nephew, Mick Carter (Danny Dyer), will have to come to terms with their grief and how they will live their lives without her. However, they could be absolutely gobsmacked when a newcomer arrives on the Square claiming to be a relative of theirs, opening up yet another Pandora's Box from the family's past. It's being reported by The Sun that former Emmerdale star Aidan O'Callaghan will join the cast of the weeknight serial drama in a role to replace Tina. The heartthrob will land the job of manager of The Prince Albert gay bar and it is likely he will have lots of ideas to get the punters in. As well as making friends with Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden), it could be the youngster will watch the Carters from afar to begin with. When they start to suspect they are being followed, newcomer Lewis could come out of the shadows and explain he thinks his mother was Tina. Before she arrived on the Square, it was well known Tina had a daughter called Zsa Zsa Carter (Emer Kenny), who appeared on the show some years before she did. READ MORE: The Chase contestant sparks fury for knocking £8k off prize fund However, it would not have been known to the family Tina also had a son as she never seemed to make reference to having another child. It was explained some years ago Shirley had given birth to Mick when she was a teenager and was assisted by Aunt Babe (Annette Badland). The sinister character had planned to take the boy and give him away illegally as part of a money making scheme. It turned out Mick was given to Shirley's mother to raise and it wasn't until he arrived in Walford almost 10 years ago that the pub landlord realised who his mother was. This could have been a very similar situation for Tina as when she fell pregnant with Lewis, she could have panicked about whether she could be a mother at such a young age.  Seeing Aunt Babe as a mother figure, she could have agreed for her to take the baby away once it was born for what she believed was a legal adoption process. Tina wouldn't have realised she was part of the farming process and her child was given to someone illegally rather than by the books Due to the trauma of being ripped apart from her son, Tina could have completely blocked it out of her memory and therefore, would have never told her family. Lewis might have only discovered recently he was related to the Carters after his birth mother made headline news across the country. His parents could have had quite the reaction to her death, knowing the woman who would have given them the gift of a son. DON'T MISS...June Brown once invited to go clubbing by Lady Gaga after forming bond [COMMENT]Piers Morgan shares heartache over June Brown after Life Stories chat [COMMENT]June Brown's final appearance in EastEnders before death [ANALYSIS] Noticing they were acting particularly suspicious, Lewis could have grilled his parents on how they knew who Tina was. Sitting down with him and finally confessing their sins, they could have told him they accepted him from Aunt Babe as they were not sure social services would have deemed them responsible enough to have a child. Needing to meet his real family and pay his respects to his mother, the newcomer could have descended on Walford thinking it was going to be a short visit. However, after also hearing from locals his mother used to be the manager of the Prince Albert, he could have applied for the role. He would have made sure he was the standout candidate so he could be closer to Tina in some respect. When the Carters discover the newcomer's link to them, they will want answers as to how they didn't know about him and why Tina kept him a secret. Calling on Aunt Babe, they could learn Lewis was subjected to the same treatment Mick was and this would make them hate her even more. Not wanting Lewis to feel excluded and feeling as if he is the last part of Tina they have, the clan could welcome him with open arms. Only time would tell whether he had a few secrets of his own to hide and what repercussions they would bring if they were exposed. Also, he could be on the lookout for a new love interest and he could have his eyes firmly set on married man, Ben. It was revealed last year former executive producer of the show, Jon Sen, was going to be leaving and he would be replaced by Chris Clenshaw. Speaking of his appointment, Chris said: "I’m thrilled to be returning to Walford to work with the hugely talented team on a British institution that, for more than three decades, has given us some of the most memorable moments in popular culture. Becoming the custodian of one of Britain’s greatest dramas is a huge honour.” Head of continuing drama at the BBC, Kate Oates, added: "It is with great excitement that we look forward to Chris Clenshaw arriving back in Albert Square, this time at the helm of the show. "His love for the programme runs deep, and I know he’s already looking forward to telling fresh and exciting stories and celebrating the very best of our iconic characters." So could the new boss be taking the Carter family in a new direction with the introduction of Lewis? EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday at 7:30pm on BBC One.