Manchester United reportedly fear they won't be able to add Robin van Persie to Erik ten Hag's coaching team due to work permit complications caused by Brexit. It is understood Ten Hag is keen to bring the former United forward with him to Old Trafford should he be appointed the club's next manager, however a deal to secure a Red Devils return for Van Persie appears far from straight-forward. The former Dutch striker is currently an assistant coach at Eredivisie side Feyenoord, the club where he started and finished his professional playing career. Van Persie is wanted by Ten Hag as part of his Old Trafford backroom staff, but permit issues and his coaching inexperience could scupper those plans. According to The Times, United are concerned the 38-year-old will not be able to secure a UK work permit to allow him take up a role within United's ranks. It is understood regulation changes as a result of Brexit and Van Persie's lack of experience in elite coaching are likely to hamper his chances of taking up a position. The former forward enjoyed three stellar seasons at United between 2012 and 2015, with his first campaign in Manchester undoubtedly his best. After arriving from Arsenal in a £24million move, Van Persie scored 26 Premier League goals to help fire the Red Devils to their last title triumph. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘have submitted written offer’ as Erik ten Hag has big dreams for Old Trafford  Ten Hag remains the frontrunner to succeed current United interim manager Ralf Rangnick and it is believed a deal is being finalised to allow the Ajax boss to take over at Old Trafford come the end of the season. Should United resolve Van Persie's permit issues, the Dutchman would likely join up Steve McLaren as part of Ten Hag's coaching team. The former England national team manager is set to be confirmed as Ten Hag's No.2 should he be appointed, and he too would seal an Old Trafford return. McLaren worked as assistant to Sir Alex Ferguson between 1999 and 2001. DON'T MISSMan Utd forward Mason Greenwood confronted by supporter as police investigation continues [NEWS]Erik ten Hag ‘close to deciding on Man Utd job’ with three assurances key [GOSSIP]Gary Neville and Roy Keane agreed as duo pick title winner between Liverpool and Man City [QUOTES]  It is believed Ten Hag would also like to bring his current Ajax assistant Mitchell van der Gaag with him to Old Trafford. However, the 52-year-old is yet to accept United's offer, with the Red Devils thought to be facing competition from Bundesliga outfit RB Leipzig for his managerial services. Should Ten Hag accept and take the reins at United, he faces an almighty challenge. The Red Devils look set to miss out on a top-four Premier League finish and subsequent Champions League football next campaign with a 1-0 defeat to Everton at the weekend leaving them languishing down in seventh spot, six points adrift of fourth-placed Tottenham, with a mere seven league matches left to play.  