Below Deck’s Mediterranean spin-off was filled with just as much drama and conflict as the original series with stars Malia White and Bobby Giancola being no exception. Considering their onscreen feud, fans were delighted to see the pair had put the past aside and reunited.  The last time Bosun Malia and Deckhand Bobby appeared on screen together was during season two of Below Deck Mediterranean. Although the charter season started off well for the two, they encountered some rough waters before its finale aired. In the early stages, while the crew were still under Wes Walton’s leadership as Bosun, Bobby had even tried to romantically pursue Malia, to no avail. However, tensions rose when Wes named Malia lead Deckhand, instead of Bobby who ultimately had more experience. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story development This decision led to some major conflict with the yachties as they felt Wes’ choice was influenced as he was romantically linked to Malia. Fellow crew member and Deckhand Max Hagley later shared his opinion on the Daily Dish: “Wes' decisions were massively influenced by the whole Malia and Wes situation, them two hooking up. “Yeah, he's sort of going with his heart. It's a tough situation to be in, because obviously he's besotted by this girl.” He added: “At the same time, he needs to step back and go, 'This is not professional, if we're gonna have a relationship, we should have a relationship off the boat and pursue things after this season.  “But he's not. He's pursuing it while he's on board, and it's causing a bit of a storm.” As their last onscreen appearance wasn’t so amicable, viewers were surprised to see the two had reunited and shared photos of each other on their Instagram pages. On Malia’s personal page, the two were snapped together at Tortuga Music Festival in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. While Bobby shared a photo dump of the festival where he was surrounded by a number of friends including Malia.  DON'T MISS...Adam Henson gives sad update on beloved dog Peg [INSIGHT]Below Deck backlash as Down Under stewardess serves microwaved coffee [REACTION]Below Deck Med's inundated with co-star messages as she marries beau [INSIGHT] This caused a frenzy in both comet sections as fans were taken aback to see the two together again. Instagram user @go_tribe34 asked in disbelief: “Is that Bobby?” Another fan, @ggonthebch, was happy to see the pair reunite and wrote: “Love you two guys soooo much!!” Meanwhile @jjdeller added: “I love that y’all are all still good friends!!”  A fourth, @cej517, shared: “Bet you three had some laughs that night!!!” User @Braylinmariee commented: “Awww ! Love this photo.” Although the other crew members and a number of viewers were against Wes’s decision, he had the full support of Captain Sandy Yawn. After watching the episode she took to Twitter to share her thoughts and stated: “Wes made his decision. “Malia was the right decision cause of her interest on the bridge, she was always asking me q's about navigation (sic).” Below Deck Mediterranean is available on Bravo in the US and is available in the UK on Hayu. 