The French far-right leader of National Rally is closing in on Emmanuel Macron in the latest election polls, and is expected to be the candidate facing the French President in the second round. Le Pen has apparently moved on from her 2017 strong eurosceptic policies. Once a proponent of abandoning the eurozone, Le Pen now aims to show herself as someone prepared to reform the EU and work with Brussels. But according to Eurointelligence director, Wolfgang Munchau, "a closer look at her programme reveals that even if she stays away from provocative language, the substance of her nationalistic protectionism just reappears under a new header". He continued: "When she talks about preventing fraud, this turns out to be Frexit in disguise. "Les Echos was digging in her programme to find that this fraud prevention comes with an increase of border controls. In fact, Le Pen plans to hire 20,000 customs officers to get back to the level of 1990, the times from before the Maastricht Treaty. "So all these agents she plans to hire are to be placed at the borders with Italy and Germany to control merchandise coming into France. "Because, as her campaign booklet explains, there is the need for a re-establishment of French borders to counter the serious shortcomings in the mechanisms established by the EU. "This would question the foundations of the European single market, established in 1993. "She may not call this Frexit, but this is one way of pushing for it. "Fraud is now the new code word to divide the good and the bad, meaning France and the EU, allowing French companies to enjoy the benefits of the single market without granting the same to those coming into France." The candidate, whose presidential campaign has gained momentum in recent days, on Monday captured 48.5 percent of voter intentions in an opinion poll of a likely runoff against Emmanuel Macron, the highest score she has ever notched. READ MORE: Ukrainian troops recover 'treasure trove' after ambushing Russians Harris Interactive in a poll for business weekly Challenges said that a victory by Macron - which pollsters considered almost a foregone conclusion in past months - was now within the margin of error. "This is the first time that the two finalists of (the presidential election in) 2017 are tested so close," Challenges said on its website, adding that in March, Macron's lead still ranged between 53-47 percent and 58-42 percent. Monday's Harris Interactive poll - in line with every other survey over the last month - still shows Macron as the likely winner. But his lead has shrunk substantially as he entered the campaign late, apparently distracted by the Ukraine crisis. He has focused on rather unpopular economic reforms including raising the retirement age, unsettling his camp. DON'T MISS:Russian nationalists reach 'new level of extreme' [INSIGHT]Putin's troops 'execute Ukrainian mayor with husband and son' [VIDEO]Russian economy facing COLLAPSE with mega-recession this year [ANALYSIS] Less than one week ahead of the first election round, Le Pen's focus on the declining purchasing power of middle- and lower-income voters has paid off. Her ratings have continued to improve for both the first round and the April 24 runoff. Earlier on Monday, a poll by OpinionWay and Kéa Partners for Les Echos daily and Radio Classique also forecast a narrowing 53 percent-47 percent margin of victory for Macron. In 2017, Macron won the runoff vote against Le Pen with 66 percent.