The Chancellor today defended the Government’s rejection of a windfall tax on oil and gas firms which have profited from the spike in global prices. He believes it would risk putting off investment but he did not completely rule it out. When asked about the prospect of taxing energy firms’ profits to ease the country’s cost-of-living crisis, Mr Sunak said: “If we don’t see that type of investment coming forward, if companies aren’t going to make investments in our energy security, of course that’s something I’d look at. “Nothing is ever off the table in these things.” The Chancellor acknowledged people’s concerns over the expected energy price cap rise in October during an interview with Mumsnet. He hinted there could be further help for families struggling with soaring energy bills in the autumn. Mr Sunak said: “We’ll see what happens with the price cap in the autumn, I know people are anxious about this and wondering if they’re going to go up even more. “Depending on what happens to bills then, of course, if we need to act and provide support for people we will, I’ve always said that. But it would be silly to do that now.” The latest hike – which saw the cap on energy bills rise to £1,971 at the beginning of April – is expected to push millions of households into fuel poverty. Asked about measures to support families through the cost-of-living crisis, Mr Sunak said: “I know things are tough right now, of course they are.” He pointed to the raising of the national insurance contribution threshold, 5p cut to fuel duty and a £9billion package to help people with energy bills. Mr Sunak said “there’s a limit to how much we should be borrowing as a country”, adding that more borrowing could drive up interest rates. When asked how someone in his financial position can empathise with people struggling to make ends meet, Mr Sunak, whose wife is the daughter of an Indian billionaire, recalled his grandparents who emigrated to the UK “with very little”. He said: “Of course now I’m in a fortunate position but I didn’t start like that, that’s not how my family started.” " [I'm] trying to help people manage through some of the challenges we’re seeing with rising prices and I’ll never forget where I came from and the values that I was raised with”.