Conservative MP Craig Mackinlay explained why the new migration legislation had been implemented in the UK, to tackle the ongoing migration crisis. Many people have been erupting over the UK Government's decision to send those who enter the UK from France via rubber dinghies to Rwanda for processing. Mr Mackinlay praised the move and backed the plans, claiming the old system wasn't working in the UK. The Conservative MP also claimed to receive multiple emails from concerned Brits about rising immigration in the country. Mr Mackinlay told GB News: "Well I'm certainly hoping that this will be a solution, we've got the new borders and immigration bill going through parliament, final stages awaited. "Some of these proposals have been aired for some time, so I don't think it's anything new. "But what we've got is a failed system, we had 28,000 make these crossings via dinghy last year, the numbers thus far this year are even more excess of that on a monthly basis than we saw last year. "And 600 arrived just yesterday, so whatever we've got, is not working. JUST IN: White House considering to send Biden or US official to Kyiv to meet Zelensky Mr Mackinlay added: "Of course, this could've been solved, had France taken up that help that was offered by the Prime Minister for us to actually assist them in the patrol of the beaches to stop the beach incursions, and people actually launching from the beaches. "That I think, could have stopped things very quickly, but for whatever reason France doesn't seem to want to do that. "So we're reaching for offshore processing, I know it sounds fairly high stakes and it is because nothing else is working. "And let's not forget, we are spending currently £4.7million a day, on hotel accommodation for people who have been using these irregular routes, that can't continue. READ MORE: Edward VIII and Wallis Simpson's chateau seized by French government Mr Mackinlay said: "£1.5b per year, so this is new and it's all about discouragement, discouragement of the people traffickers coming to use these routes. Mr Solomon said: “appalled by the Government's cruel and nasty decision” to send those seeking sanctuary to Rwanda. "Offshoring the UK's asylum system will do absolutely nothing to address the reasons why people take perilous journeys to find safety in the UK." Mr Solomon added: "It will do little to deter them from coming to this country, but only lead to more human suffering and chaos - at a huge expense of an estimated £1.4 billion a year." Leader of the Labour party, Sir Keir Starmer slammed Mr Johnson for this new immigration plan. Mr Starmer said: "A desperate announcement by a prime minister who just wants to distract from his own law-breaking." 