The Prince of Wales and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall are due to visit Canada in May, as part of the celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. According to Clarence House, the royal couple will spend time in Newfoundland and Labrador, Ottawa, and the Northwest Territories. Prince Harry and his wife Meghan now reside in the US. Their move took place after the couple permanently stepped down from their role as working royals last year. Speaking on the Express's Royal Round-Up this week, Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer discussed the Canadian royal tour and if the couple could be visiting the Duke and Duchess of Sussex on their trip. Royal Roundup's host Pandora Forsyth asks Mr Palmer if the couple will do a "private trip" to meet up with Prince Harry and Meghan during their visit as Meghan "has ties to Canada". Mr Palmer responded: "I doubt it." "Things just don't seem to be good at the moment." He added: "People were asking me, do you think Charles might go over to the Netherlands and see them privately and I'm just not picking up sense of that happening at the moment." The royal expert noted that the dates of the Canada visit "haven't been released yet". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Sheer unadulterated nonsense' Harry savaged over Queen snub "I think its going to be quite a short trip, going to Labrador and Ottawa, the North West Territory up to the Yellowknife I believe. He continued: "I don't think Yellowknife specifically was mentioned to the British royal correspondents but Clarence House seemed to have put that out there." The royal correspondent also discussed Prince Charles and Camilla's recent wedding anniversary. The couple got married in 2005. They celebrated their 17th wedding anniversary on April 9. The date, this year, was also the one year anniversary of the death of Charles' father, Prince Philip. READ MORE: Meghan issued warning as feminists to launch attack on her new podcast 'Tread carefully!' Further details of the Canada tour will be released in due course. Charles has visited Canada 18 times and Camilla has been there a total of four times. The pair last toured the country together in 2017. Canada is the overseas country most visited by the Queen but the 95-year-old monarch called time on her international tours a number of years ago. Prince Harry and Meghan initially stayed in Canada after announcing they were quitting as working royals. The pair now reside in the US with their two children, son Archie and daughter Lilibet, who will turn one in June. The Prince of Wales has not met his youngest grandchild, Lilibet, in person.