Household cleaning has become dominated by baking soda and white vinegar cleaning hacks, yet few of us look to other common ingredients when it comes to scrubbing our homes. While potatoes aren’t the obvious tool to banish dust, dirt and grime, it turns out that the starchy core of this vegetable is perfect for lifting stubborn stains. These are just four ways to use raw potatoes to clean your home. Spring is the perfect time to tackle household dirt while refreshing your soft furnishings, and potatoes offer the perfect shortcut to speed up the process. Whether you’re looking to banish tough stains or rescue lacklustre metal surfaces, swapping commercial cleansers for just one potato is a cheap and effective substitute. Personal finance expert at vouchers.co.uk, Andrea Knowles, has shared her top methods for cleaning with this staple vegetable, and they’re guaranteed to leave your home gleaming. READ MORE: Houseplant: Snake plants can remove ‘toxins’ from the home Soft furnishings are notoriously hard to wash, leaving many of us struggling to banish stubborn stains and unsightly marks from fabric surfaces. Whether you’re looking to tackle upholstered furniture or a soft, fluffy carpet, Andrea claims that the juices of just one potato will do the trick. She said: “You just need to cut the potato in half and rub the cut side on the stain. “The natural moisture and starches should do the work of removing it.” Use a fabric freshener to spritz the fabric once you’re done treating the stain for an instant boost of fragrance and fresh-feel. Rust can leave pots and pans looking dirty and unpleasant to use, but there’s one natural ingredient in the humble potato that can solve the problem. Potatoes contain a compound called oxalic acid which is particularly useful for breaking down rusty residue on certain metals, such as iron. To try it out, cut a raw potato in half then dip the cut side into baking soda before rubbing it onto the rust, said Andrea. She added: “If you can see that the rust is coming off, keep going and give it some serious elbow grease.” For stubborn rust, you might need to replace the potato until the job is done in order to make use of the oxalic acid. Once the rust is removed, allow the metal to dry completely in order to prevent the rust from coming back. DON'T MISS:Baking soda hacks: The ‘cheap’ solution to clean kitchen appliances [ANALYSIS]Mrs Hinch fans share white vinegar tip to remove washing machine mould [REVEAL]Spring cleaning: Three key steps to leave windows and blinds gleaming [INSIGHT] If your expensive cutlery set needs some polishing, look no further than a bag of potatoes for an all-natural solution. To make use of the starchy liquid, peel a potato and cut it into a minimum of four pieces before boiling it for around 10 minutes. Safely remove the potato chunks and leave the starchy water to cool before steeping your silverware into the water. Leave the silver items to soak for around 30 minutes in the acids left behind by the cooked potatoes. According to Andrea, the potatoes release naturally occurring acids while they cook, which can help to reduce stubborn tarnish on silverware, and other metals. A dirty, dusty and ash-filled fireplace is an eye-sore in any home, but it can also affect how well your cosy fire works. Luckily, reversing a blocked chimney requires nothing more than some potato peelings and a sheet of baking parchment. Gather damp potato peels that are leftover from cooking and spread around two handfuls worth onto a flat baking sheet to dry out. Once they’re fully dry (after around 48 hours), burn the potato peels in your fireplace. Andrea said: “As they burn, they will push layers of creosote out of your chimney which is what could be blocking your fireplace.”