Spring blooming flowers get the season off to a colourful start, though many of them are often short-lived. Securing a fresh flush of blooms year after year is easily done with the right care between growing seasons, but what exactly should you do to protect your spent spring bulbs? These are the key steps you should always follow to guarantee a full garden display the following year. February to March is the prime time to spot vibrant spring blooms, but pots and borders can quickly look bare once April arrives. While there are many ways to make your seasonal plants last that little bit longer, looking after bulbs after they finish flowering is critical to secure a strong display the following year. The first thing you need to know is whether you’re growing annuals or perennials, but once you’ve determined the type of plant, it’s relatively easy to achieve a thriving spring display. READ MORE: How to clean your washing machine with easy ingredients Unlike perennials which regrow each year, annual plants bloom for just one growing season before dying off. Popular flowers such as tulips and hyacinths always look their best the first spring after planting and will typically produce smaller, fewer blooms in future years. To secure a striking show of colour every spring, it is best to treat these bulbs as annuals and dig them up after each season. While some bulbs will be good enough to re-plant ahead of the following spring, some will need to be replaced in order to secure new flowers. To care for annuals, start by using a garden fork to gently lift the bulbs out of the ground after their blooming season is up. Remove the bulbs as well as the foliage to help minimise problems with fusarium - a common fungal disease that can affect flower bulbs. You should only keep healthy bulbs of a good size, as these will be most likely to flower the following year. Before storing healthy annual bulbs, you should lay them a tray to dry for at least 24 hours, in order to prevent fungal rots developing in storage. Put the bulbs in labelled paper bags or nets and store in a dry, cool place until autumn when they can be transplanted into the soil. DON'T MISS:Weed killer: Why baking soda is ideal to banish weeds cheaply [INSIGHT]12 things to plant in April - why now is crucial for summer blooms [REVEAL]How to get rid of dandelions - 4 ways to banish flowering weeds [ANALYSIS] Early spring flowers such as snowdrops, daffodils and crocus will flower year after year, offering an even more impressive display as time goes on. Reliable perennial bulbs are carefree once planted, and there’s often no need to deadhead or even fertilise them between flowering seasons. The key to caring for perennial spring bulbs is to keep their growing conditions and soil environment in optimum condition. Different varieties require different types of care, so be careful to tailor your approach after flowering in order to achieve a vibrant flush of blooms by the following spring. These popular flowers will bloom every year if the soil is well-drained and stays dry during the summer and is cold throughout the winter. Smaller bulbs multiply by seed as well as by bulb offsets, so it’s best to leave the flowers attached to allow the seeds to ripen. Alliums and daffodils are ideal for wilder areas where their wilting foliage will be out of sight. These sought-after blooms can be dug up immediately after they finish flowering and replanted with their foliage still attached. Place the plants in a holding bed and transplant them back to their original planting site in autumn.