Heartstopper fans have been eagerly awaiting the release of the Netflix adaptation of the graphic novel. The uplifting love story is set at the Truham Grammar School for Boys and there is a highly-respected head in charge. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who voices Headmaster Barnes in the TV series. The hilarious headmaster is not seen in person, but he makes some memorable quips throughout the series. He is heard welcoming students back for another term at the all-boys school and later shares his distaste for sports days. Although he is never seen in the flesh, many fans have recognised the actor from his distinctive voice. The headmaster is voiced by Stephen Fry - a figurehead amongst the LGBTQ+ community. READ MORE: Heartstopper release date, cast, trailer, plot: When is it out? The heartwarming series follows the blossoming relationship between Nick Nelson (played by Kit Connor) and Charlie Spring (Joe Locke). Charlie is an openly gay student who received lots of backlash from his peers when he first came out. This is until he meets Nick, a rugby lad with a sensitive soul who is struggling with his sexuality. His popular friends are of the expectation he should like girls, but he eventually realises he is bisexual. He and Charlie develop a strong friendship that becomes something much deeper. Stephen Fry is openly gay and married his partner Elliott Spencer in 2015. He previously opened up about a 16-year spell of sexual abstinence as he struggled with his confidence. The star has shown his support for a whole host of LGBTQ+ awareness shows, including Olly Alexander's It's A Sin. He has not given too much away about his role in Heartstopper and how it came about. DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield slams Prince Harry's 'protection' remark [VIDEO] Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed at Harry and Meghan's camera crew [DISCUSSION] 'Worth the wait!' Rachel Riley reacts to Stephen Fry Countdown return [INSIGHT] The series follows Nick's 'coming out' story as he comes to terms with his own sexuality. He is tested when it comes to choosing who to please out of his friends or Charlie. Yet without question, he stands behind Charlie as his feelings are undeniable. This, and he also faces the wrath of Charlie's best friend, Tao Xu (William Gao), who does not want to see Charlie get hurt again. The series also stars Yasmin Finney as Elle Argent and Sebastian Croft as Ben Hope. Author Alice Oseman is behind the original story, which was told in the form of a webcomic. She is also behind Solitaire, Radio Silence and Loveless, all of which focus on contemporary teenage life. Her first publishing deal came when she was just 17 years old. The TV adaptation of her Heartstopper tale has already gained huge traction.  Heartstopper is on Netflix now.