The Ricketts family reportedly believe that rival bidders are playing 'dirty tricks' on them to derail their Chelsea takeover attempt. The Blues have whittled their list of prospective owners down to four as the process is set to conclude within the next 10 days. Sections of Chelsea fans have voiced concerns over the Ricketts family, who own Major League Baseball side the Chicago Cubs, partially due to the emergence of Islamophobic emails from Joe Ricketts who is not involved in the takeover bid. Backed by American hedge fund tycoon Ken Griffin, the group have laid out an eight-point plan to try and ease fans' concerns. Even so, a small group of supporters gathered outside of Stamford Bridge in protest of their prospective takeover before they were thrashed 4-1 by Brentford on Saturday. ESPN claim that figures from within the Ricketts family bid believe that rival takeover hopefuls are playing 'dirty tricks' by encouraging the protests. READ MORE: Moussa Dembele mimics Cristiano Ronaldo with wink after controversial West Ham red card  All four groups are seemingly pushing hard to acquire the west London side, and while some reports indicate that the UK government have concerns over allowing the Ricketts family to take the reins at Stamford Bridge, others suggest that they are being given preferential treatment. The Ricketts family bid is led by Joe Ricketts' children Tom, Todd and Laura. As further fan backlash threatens to rule them out, Laura Ricketts has conceded that the family will not be able to win over every fan 'right away'. She and Griffin were recently in London meeting with fan groups to talk things through. DON'T MISS...Mauricio Pochettino has four next move options as Man Utd close in on Erik ten HagChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel highlights Andreas Christensen error for Xavi to avoidCristiano Ronaldo hits back at Wayne Rooney and Jamie Carragher over MNF comments Laura Ricketts has also attempted to tackle the sensitive discrimination issue by citing her own personal experiences. "I can assure all Chelsea fans that it has been my life's work to fight against discrimination and bigotry of any kind," she told ESPN. "Coming out as an LGBTQ+ woman has influenced my perspective and sensitivity about diversity and inclusion. I can't know what it's like to walk in another person's shoes, but I can begin to understand and have an awareness of their different experience." With bids reportedly in excess of £2billion, three other consortiums are believed to be in the running. A group led by former Liverpool chairman Sir Martin Broughton is one, another is led by Todd Boehly and the final horse in the race is led by Stephen Pagliuca, who co-owns Italian side Atalanta.  Having weathered their ownership storm successfully for many weeks, Chelsea are now in the midst of a tough period on the pitch. Last weekend's shock drubbing at the hands of Brentford was perhaps their most humiliating defeat of the season, and they were well-beaten in midweek too. Indeed, Real Madrid's visit to Stamford Bridge did not go to plan for the Blues as Karim Benzema ran riot in a 3-1 win. They now face an uphill battle to reach the Champions League semi-finals, and many at the club will undoubtedly hope that their behind-the-scenes fiasco resolves itself as soon as possible. 