Steph's Packed Lunch has become a staple part of Channel 4's weekday schedule since it started airing. The show was nominated for a BAFTA earlier this year and it is known and loved for its uplifting moments. Steph McGovern revealed Friday's show would be her last for a little while. At the end of Friday's instalment, which featured many Easter-themed events, she said her team would be off air for two weeks. The break will cover the Easter holidays and Steph will return to screens on Monday, April 25. She said she was looking forward to some time off, telling viewers: "We're off for Easter break for two weeks now, so we'll see you in a couple of weeks. "We're going to be back on Monday 28th," she said before quickly being corrected on the date. She announced Monday was actually the 25th. READ MORE: Steph McGovern says leaving the BBC was her ‘best financial decision’ After apologising, she admitted she was "just too excited" to have a holiday. It is not unusual for daytime TV hosts to get some time off over the school holidays. Steph has a daughter, who she will be looking forward to spending some quality time with. Her series was given the green light for another year on air back in November 2021. It was launched from Steph's own home during the coronavirus lockdown. Now filming from a proper studio, she is joined daily by some special guests. Bake Off and Strictly star John Whaite is a regular face on the show. The series has featured some history-making moments, including the time Steph had a smear test on live TV. She said she was proud to have encouraged women to head to a clinic. DON'T MISS... Where is The Repair Shop's Brenton West based? [INSIGHT] Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Gene to free Kim from prison [THEORY] 'Holy f**k!' Steph McGovern wowed as Packed Lunch nominated for BAFTA [DISCUSSION] Fans have loved tuning in each day to get the latest on food, news, showbiz and consumer advice. The live audience features some familiar faces, with celebs also covering the One O'Clock Views segment. Originally named The Steph Show, the series has come on in leaps and bounds since it first aired. While the show is off-air, the lunchtime slot will be taken by Couples Come Dine With Me. An episode of Find It, Fix It, Flog It will also air on Channel 4 afterwards. This will be followed by an episode of Countdown, with Anne Robinson and Rachel Riley. Steph is on Instagram and she has been keeping fans up to date with the show's behind the scenes antics. After Friday's episode, she shared a photo of her outfit of the day, a striking jumpsuit. The outfit, which featured outlines of various fruits, received lots of comments from viewers. Steph said: "Jumpsuit heaven…..I bought this when I was pregnant with my little girl. It’s so comfy!"  Steph's Packed Lunch will return to Channel 4 on April 25.