Controversial broadcaster Piers Morgan, normally a supporter of the royals, has been making his feelings about Prince Harry and wife Meghan Markle clear ever since their TV interview with Oprah Winfrey. Now, he is expressing his rage yet again with the Duke of Sussex for his latest speech on the importance of equality. "More equal?" Piers sneered to an audience of almost eight million Twitter followers. "A spoiled privileged prince who inherited millions & now makes 100s of millions fleecing his royal titles from his $11m Californian mansion wants EQUALITY for his kids?" The comments that infuriated Piers so much had been made on day two of the Invictus Games in the Netherlands, an event which Harry is attending with Meghan. A pair of junior Kindercorrespondent reporters there, aged 11 and 12, had asked the former working royal what his ambitions were for his two children - two-year-old Archie and ten-month-old Lillibet. READ NOW: Piers Morgan brands GMB exit a 'farce', calling Meghan 'shameful' He replied that he aspired for "a fairer world, a safer world [and] a more equal world". "It's not going to be easy but I will never, ever, ever rest until I have as a parent at least tried to make the world a better place for them because it is our responsibility that the world is the way it is now," he continued. "'I don't think that we should be bringing children into the world unless we're going to make that commitment to make it better for them. We cannot steal your future." He ended the talk by giving the grinning children a hug. The speech, given during Saturday night's opening ceremony at the Hague, also saw Harry claim that two-year-old Archie had already discussed his ambitions to become an "astronaut [or a] pilot" in the future. Back in 2014, after serving for a decade in the British Army, Harry had become inspired to create the Invictus Games, a competitive event that would be a tribute to the strength and endurance of injured servicemen and women. However, after Meghan struggled to adapt to life in the Royal Family, the pair left for the USA, which sparked criticism from Piers. Piers claimed he "didn't believe a word she said" about suffering mental health issues as a royal, which led to his departure from Good Morning Britain and transfer to TalkTV. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [UPDATE] Julia Bradbury shares insight to her biggest 'support' [INSIGHT] A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman reflects on bad weather [LATEST]  Now, his latest post criticising Harry's words has divided fans. @howardstaveley questioned: "So you can only have those aims for your children if you're poor?" However @DiddyXrp replied: "Think it’s more that the language he’s using implies his kids are oppressed when they are amongst the most privileged in the world." @7gem7stone7 added: "So basically he can't cope with the fact that William's 3 children are in front of his 2 children in the line of succession." @RobertTHicks2 claimed: "His kids are 25% African American and 50% British Royalty with massive inherited wealth in the future. I think they’ll make it ok." Meanwhile @FieCooper criticised: "Shame he didn’t mention the Veterans and making it a more equal place for Veterans, reduce Veterans homelessness and the stigma of PTSD!" @HaKuhnna_Matata joked: "His kids are literally royalty. Is he saying that he is going to work tirelessly to make their lives s****ier, so that they’re more like everyone else’s?" Others commented on the post that true equality would have to mean dissolving the Royal Family altogether. However, LayneKinney1 was a rare voice of support for Harry on the post, shrugging: "He can't help what he is born into."