Prince Harry sat down with the Today Show host Hoda Kotb and spoke about touching topics such as family life in America, his recent visit to the UK to see the Queen, the Invictus Games and the part his late mother Princess Diana plays in his life and life choices. During their conversation, Harry was asked what his mother's role is in his life now. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James, who provided an analysis. Hoda asked Prince Harry: "Do you tell Archie, since he's old enough, about your mum?" Harry replied: "Yeah, very much so. I won't tell him all the stuff that happened except, 'This is grandma Diana', and we've got a couple of photos of her in our house." Hoda asked: "In these moments do you ever feel your mum's presence?" Harry responded: "For me, it's constant. It has been over the last two years, more so than ever before. READ MORE: Avoid keeping milk in door compartment of fridge to save hundreds "It's almost as though she's done her bit with my brother and now she's very much, like, helping me. "She's got him set up, now she's helping me set up. "That's what it feels like. He's got his kids, I've got my kids. "You know, the circumstances are obviously different, but I feel her presence in almost everything that I do now. He continued: "But definitely more so in the last two years than ever before, without question. "She's watching over us." Hoda replied: "I'm sure she's proud of you." Harry concluded with a smile: "I'm sure she is." Judi observed this moment and commented. "Speaking of his mother Diana he begins by playing with his wedding ring as a self-comfort gesture to signals his emotional ties with Meghan and his children." Indeed two small diamonds in Meghan's ring are from Diana's personal jewellery collection, which may link these two women together symbolically for Harry. Judi continued: "There is no body language message of sharing his mother’s memory with William, either. "She is shown by Harry’s hand gestures and words as having ‘got him set up’ (William). "Harry then brings his hand back to his right to refer to himself as he says ‘Now she’s helping me set up’, as though he has spent all those years waiting his turn." Judi concluded: "He then tries to shrug to maybe make light of this astonishing and very sad concept." The Prince is finally seen "laughing as he replies confidently, ‘I’m sure she (Diana) is proud of me’ when that is suggested by the interviewer."