American blogger Perez Hilton retweeted a post by royal biographer Omid Scobie referring to Meghan as "Duchess Meghan". Mr Hilton wrote: "Why refer to her as Duchess Meghan? Meghan Markle and Harry walked away from that life." Mr Scobie replied: "She still has (and uses) a title so there's no change on that front. "Every major outlet still uses their titles." Meghan and Harry kept their Duke and Duchess of Sussex titles after quitting as working royals in March 2020. However, the pair agreed to stop using their HRH styles as part of the Megxit agreement. The Sussexes are now pursuing new lives of personal and financial freedom in the US. They are living in a mansion in California with their two children Archie and Lilibet. On Thursday, the couple travelled to the UK together for the first time in two years where they met the Queen and Prince Charles at Windsor Castle. The Duke has previously returned to Britain twice on his own. READ MORE: 'Tourists saw them!' Meghan and Harry's security concerns questioned The Sun reported a busload of tourists had seen the couple visiting Windsor Castle. Harry and Meghan stopped in the UK en route to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine, said the Sussexes had offered an "olive branch" with the visit following considerable tensions with the royals. Ms Seward told The Sun newspaper: "It is a wonderful opportunity to clear the air and offer an olive branch. DON'T MISSPrince Harry will have 'nothing' stop him from 'getting what he wants' [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan's secret visit to Queen - 'Don't care for details!' [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry accused of 'using Queen for commercial gain' [ANALYSIS] "After everything that has gone on it must have taken a lot for Harry and Meghan to go to Windsor. "Also Maundy Thursday is a very special day for the Queen as it is about forgiveness. "She is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms." It comes after Harry and Meghan missed Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey last month. Harry is currently bringing a claim against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the same degree of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. The Sussexes' unannounced return to the UK also comes as concerns continue to mount over the Queen's health. The monarch is expected to miss another traditional event of the Easter period on Sunday. The 95-year-old recovered from Covid in February which she admitted left her feeling "very tired and exhausted". The Queen, who spent a night in hospital last October before being ordered by doctors to rest, has also been experiencing mobility issues. 