Since opening as a museum 40 years ago, Graceland has welcomed public tours to countless fans. However, to this day, the upstairs remains off-limits as it was Elvis Presley’s private area in life and remains so 45 years after his death. Despite this, there are Memphis Mafia and close family members still alive who have memories of spending time up there in The King’s lifetime. One of them is Danny Smith, the son of Elvis’ cousin Billy, who grew at the Memphis mansion as one of Lisa Marie’s childhood friends. On his YouTube channel Memphis Mafia Kid, he was asked recently: “Did you ever actually sleep at Graceland?” He replied: “Yes, we spent the night out here several times. A few nights before Elvis showed us our trailer that he got for us, we stayed at Graceland and stayed in Lisa’s room. Lisa wasn’t home at the time.” Danny, Lisa and the rest of the Memphis Mafia children often had free roam of Graceland, since Elvis would sleep all day and be up all night. He continued: “Other times when they were either flying somewhere or going to the movies or out motorcycle riding and they were gone long hours, we stayed up late a lot. But hey, we’d get tired and we would fall asleep in the Jungle Room, either on the couch or the big chair. We slept at Graceland many times.” Asked what it was like to be in the presence of Elvis himself, Danny was almost speechless. Danny said: “Man like I have said and others have said, there’s just nothing like it. I’ve never experienced [anything like it]. I’ve met other celebrities – Elvis just had [something] magical. You knew when he was in the room, even if you didn’t see him. But when you did see him or you heard him laugh or talking, you just couldn’t keep your eyes off him.” One time Billy’s son was caught redhanded by The King when trying to get a midnight snack. DON'T MISSElvis: ‘Disgusting! I was turned off’ Priscilla’s first impressions [PRISCILLA]Elvis movie: Priscilla Presley gives honest verdict on Austin Butler [ELVIS MOVIE]Elvis' last vacation ‘King's prank went wrong, made him so nervous’ [ELVIS 1977] The incident took place at Elvis’ Palm Springs residence when Danny was a kid and was making his way to the fridge at night. However, he was caught by The King who was scoffing pizza and watching The Flintstones nearby. Lucky for Billy’s son, he was invited over by the star, offered some slices and thanked for being a good friend to Lisa Marie. Elvis then headed to bed and much to Danny’s pleasure, left him to finish off the pizza!