Sophie Sandiford, 26, and her brother Pete Sandiford, 28, are favourites on Gogglebox thanks to their witty comments. Sophie has taken to Instagram today to share a picture of the siblings at a wedding along with their rarely seen partners, sparking a frenzy online. Sophie looked amazing in the wedding snap as she posed in a patterned flowy dress. While Pete looked dapper in a brown suit along with his Paige who stunned in a figure-hugging maroon dress. Sophie's partner's name is known but the gentleman looked great in black trousers and a checked blazer. She captioned the picture in view of her 561,000 followers: "Congratulations Jack and Emma." READ MORE: Michael Bublé says he and wife almost ended their marriage Many social media users took to the post's comments to compliment the lovely couples. Garethedwyn said: "Cracking picture! Happy to see you happy Soph!" (sic) Maxine8989 added: "Looking beautiful Sandifords!" VickiPeck67 commented: "Wow you two! Looking great and your partners!" Not much is known about Sophie's love life, but Pete is happily married to his wife Paige Yeomans. The couple welcomed their son Jimmy in September last year. Taking to Instagram at the time, Pete, who was celebrating his 27th birthday, shared a sweet snap of his young son. He captioned the picture: "Jimmy wishing his daddy a happy birthday @paigesandiford_ @sophiesandiford." DON'T MISS... James Martin shut down marriage plans with girlfriend [INSIGHT] Liz Hurley, 56, puts on a busty display in racy dancing video [VIDEO] Jeremy Clarkson says Amber Heard wanted Top Gear stint in bid for fame [OPINION] The TV star shared the news that he was going to be a dad on an episode of Gogglebox by showing sister Sophie the baby scan on his phone. Sharing his excitement, he told Sophie she was going to be an aunt and she couldn't wait to find out the gender. Pete said to his sister: "Innit mad? I am actually going to be a dad to somebody." (sic) "Crazy. Life’s coming at you fast," Sophie replied, referring to the couple's then-recent engagement. Pete and Sophie joined the Gogglebox team in 2018 and have been favourites on the show since. The pair previously spoke to The Sun about the adjustment to being noticed in the street since the show. Pete said: "We're still gobsmacked that we’re on the show. A woman came up to me saying me and Soph were ace – when people take the time to do that, it means a lot." Gogglebox continues on Channel 4 at 9pm on Friday