Charles Leclerc has echoed Max Verstappen's comments on this year's Drivers' Championship battle by insisting that he is not yet prepared to consider the possibility of a title challenge at this early stage of the new campaign. Leclerc currently leads the individual standings by 34 points after winning two out of three Grands Prix and has been touted by many as the favourite to claim the end-of-season honours amid Ferrari's hugely impressive start to proceedings. The Monegasque driver will be desperate to take advantage of Ferrari's newly-found pace by maintaining his sublime early form over the coming weeks and months. However, he is reluctant to get carried away after just three races in spite of his team's near-perfect start to the new F1 season."We are only at the third race," Leclerc told reporters after winning last weekend's Australian Grand Prix at a canter in Melbourne."For now, I don't want to think about the championship, even though I can't lie that it is nice to see where we are in the championship and for what we are fighting for. It feels amazing. JUST IN: Mercedes and Red Bull title odds rated by ex-boss after early setbacks "I mean 34 points is crazy, but again, I really tried to take it out of my head, I don't want to change my mindset. I think that the mindset of the team, and myself, at the moment, is exactly where it needs to be, and it needs to stay there."But it's great on a track like [Australia] especially. It's a track that I've always struggled with in the past and I managed to put a very strong weekend together."Leclerc's view on this year's battle for Drivers' Championship glory was recently shared from a very different point of view by Verstappen, who is enduring a torrid start to the new season as a result of Red Bull's poor reliability. The Dutchman has already been forced to retire with mechanical issues on two occasions and played down his own chances of winning the individual honours when quizzed on the topic in Australia. "I don't even want to think about the championship fight at the moment, it's more important to finish races," Verstappen told Sky Sports F1."Today was generally just a bad day and not really having the pace, I was just managing my tyres to try to bring it to the end because it looked like quite an easy P2. There was no point trying to fight Charles because I couldn't put pressure on him."It remains to be seen whether Leclerc will be able to stretch his healthy advantage over Verstappen, who currently finds himself in sixth place in the Drivers' Championship standings, when F1 returns to Imola for next weekend's Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. The Red Bull driver won last year's event with little difficulty but will simply be hoping to complete all 63 laps at the next time of asking by steering clear of yet another race-ending mechanical failure. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here