Donny Osmond, 63, has reacted to a question posed to him regarding a potential reunion with his sister Marie Osmond. The singer replied with uncertainty about their working relationship. He said that he wasn’t too sure about whether they would extend their working endeavours. However, the Puppy Love crooner added that you should “never say never.” Donny was speaking to Nischelle Turner on The Rock n Roll Channel about his career and life. He was one of the nine siblings who formed the band The Osmonds, one of which was Marie, the only female in the group. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show The group were most prominent during the 70’s. During the conversation, Donny was told by Nischelle that a fan named Danny had a question for him. Nischelle said: “Danny wants to know, Donny: ‘Will you and Marie ever work together again?” “I don’t know, I don’t know," contemplated Donny. “That’s a good question. People have asked me that before. “We won’t produce something like we did at the Flamingo because we’re both going off in separate careers. “She loves doing her thing and I love doing mine. But you never say never in this business. There might be something temporary but not permanent like in the old days. I don’t see that happening.” Nischelle affirmed that she would be over the moon to see the pair perform together again. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] Marie has spoken about her close relationship to Donny in the past, despite having eight siblings. She said of all of them, her tightest bond was with him. “We can finish each other’s sentences," she said. “We also know what each other’s thinking, but we never see eye-to–eye. “That’s our chemistry: it’s toxic,” the 59-year-old icon told Closer Weekly in January 2019. She added however that they do have their differences. The Osmonds singer said that while her brother was super-organised, she loved to “breathe.” “He loves everything organized and structured, while I like to breathe within the structure of the show. I’m always throwing a curveball at him. He goes crazy and it makes me laugh so I keep doing it," she explained.