When world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury defends his WBC crown against Dillian Whyte in front of a sold-out Wembley Stadium next weekend, his wife Paris Fury will almost certainly be present ringside. The 32-year-old is usually a vocal supporter of her husband during his high-profile contests - and the all-British title clash will be no different. Paris is a model and TV personality who hails from Doncaster. She is known for her guest appearances on hit show Loose Women as well as starring in her family’s ITV documentary, Tyson Fury: The Gypsy King. The documentary shows the intimate and sensitive side to Tyson’s life, including his relationship with Paris and their children. The pair have plenty of common, as Paris was also raised in a traditional traveller family before the two met when she was 15. They didn’t start dating until after her 16th birthday, and the pair tied the knot in Doncaster back in 2008. Perhaps the one thing they don’t have in common is height - Paris is 5ft 8ins while the world champion stands at a whopping 6ft 9ins. READ MORE: Tyson Fury hints at retirement announcement after Dillian Whyte fight During an episode of the documentary, Tyson reflected on his relationship with Paris - and gave some insight into what his wife means to him: “We were bestest best friends in the whole wide world and then we ended up marrying each other. “When I was in hospital, she was there. When I was ill, she was there and I owe her everything. “I owe her my life and say anything should happen [to me], I’d just give everything to Paris. Without Paris and these kids in my life then my life ain’t worth having anyway.” DON'T MISSDavid Haye faces 'commentary ban' after backing Dillian Whyte upsetHaye tips Fury to suffer similar fate to Joshua during Whyte fightFury to 'shock' fans during Whyte weigh-in as retirement decision made Tyson and Paris have five children together at their family home in Morecambe, Lancashire. The duo have two daughters - Venezuela and Valencia - as well as three sons. Their sons are named Prince John James, Prince Tyson Fury II, and Prince Adonis Amaziah. In his documentary, Tyson explained his and Paris’ decision to give each of their sons the moniker ‘Prince’, commenting: “I’m a king and they’re princes until they earn their rightful name.” Paris has previously revealed that Tyson would like as many as 10 children, so the pair may yet decide to keep adding to the family as his boxing career winds down. 