The Moon will spend the day in Pisces today, aligning with Uranus in the morning - the planet that represents innovation, change, and the future. This will be the energy for the remainder of the day, so use this time wisely to work on any new ideas you might have. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for April 26. In astrology, the Moon represents our emotions, feelings and subconscious attitudes, and depending on the sign it transits in, the respective energy will set the tone of the day. Astrology TV said: “When the Moon transits Pisces, we all get to feel some of that emotional overwhelm. “These are the most sensitive days of the monthly cycle, but also some of the most ethereal and mysterious, almost magical at times. “Pisces Moon energy is very psychic and spiritual, so it’s quite common for people to have spiritual experiences during a Pisces Moon, even when they don’t really ‘believe’ in that kind of thing.” READ MORE: Supplements: Four supplements shown to increase the risk of cancer  Because emotions run so high during a Pisces Moon, aspects of your day can be tinged by emotion and you might feel slightly more sensitive than normal. Astrology TV said: “During a Pisces Moon, there’s little point in trying to run or hide from emotions. You have to just let your feelings wash over you, knowing that after a few days, this influence will pass.” However, Pisces is known as the most artistic sign of the zodiac - they’re often found to be lost in a dream world or putting their creative streak to good use through art or writing. They are also known as one of the least confrontational signs, tending to be a little more sensitive than most. Don’t let the emotional overlay this brings to the day lead you to shy away from future ambitions or movements that could benefit you in the long run. Cafe Astrology said: “We’re heading toward a Mercury-Jupiter sextile that perfects early tomorrow, and it’s a vital time for mind-expanding activities, exercises, and conversations. DON'T MISS: UFO sighting: Strobe lights spotted by pilots ‘were celestial bodies’ [INSIGHT]Gardening tips: How to make gardens ‘appear bigger’ using brickwork [EXPLAINED]Musk and Bezos have UK space sector 'on their radar' [ANALYSIS]    “We take a more philosophical approach to thinking and are more open to learning. “It’s a time of optimistic thinking, new insights, and cooperation, especially as the day advances.” Clarity will sweep over and exchanges will be more coherent, which will pave way for solutions and positive advancements. 