Packing to go on holiday is a tough job, but it can be made even trickier by expensive baggage fees and strict hand luggage requirements. According to TravelSupermarket, one “personal bag” which can fit under the seat in front of you on the plane is generally okay to fly with, but what are the specific restrictions for each airline? These are the rules you should know for easyJet, Ryanair, jet2, and Tui. Airlines often show flight ticket prices at the cheapest rate, without any added essentials factored in to the price. Seats and checked luggage are key costs which can quickly drive up the price of air travel, so making the most of your free allowance is one of the best ways to keep expenses low. Condensing your staple items into a carry on bag is easily done, but what are the restrictions for different airlines? How big can your hand luggage bag actually be? READ MORE: Mum blasted for asking TUI tourist on flight to swap seats with child If you’re travelling with easyJet on an upcoming flight, it is worth noting that the airline has reduced its carry-on luggage allowance since February 10, 2021. Current cabin bag restrictions allow passengers to carry one small bag per person for free, as long as it meets the measurement requirements and can fit underneath the seat in front. EasyJet allows carry-on bags up to a maximum of 45x36x20cm (including any handles or wheels), which equates to the size of a smaller suitcase or rucksack. The airline has introduced a new feature which allows passengers to upgrade their allowance in order to bring a bigger suitcase on board. Passengers can select an ‘Up Front’ or ‘Extra Legroom’ seat for as little as £12.99 extra, or book a large cabin bag that allows a larger case (56x45x25cm). This budget airline is best known for its affordable flights, but the extra cost of luggage, priority boarding and seats can quickly drive up the price. There are a range of options available for passengers booking through Ryanair, with different fares offering a different cabin bag allowance. The airline said: “All passenger fare types include a small personal bag, which must fit under the seat in front of you.” Examples of a Ryanair carry-on bag include: The priority and two cabin bags deal gives customers the benefit of boarding the plane via the priority queue, and carrying their small personal bag (40x20x25cm) and 10kg wheelie bag (55x40x20cm) with them on board. Included in the price of a flight, jet2 allows passengers to bring one piece of hand luggage on board free of charge. The airlines requirements state that the bag must: This is generally the size of a small suitcase or large holdall. Carry-on baggage that exceeds the weight allowance will result in an upfront fee of an extra £12 per kg. Passenger baggage allowance will vary depending on the type of holiday you book with Tui. For package holidays, Tui allows: One piece of hand luggage per person (excluding infants), weighing up to 10kg. The maximum dimensions of 55x40x20cm must be adhered to on all Tui Airways flights. Laptops, handbags and items bought at the airport must fit within your one piece of hand luggage, and passengers must be able to lift the cabin bag into the overhead storage compartments. Under-twos will also have a check-in luggage allowance of 10kg. Flight-only Tui bookings allow: One piece of hand luggage per person (excluding infants), weighing up to 10kg. Premium Club bookings Upgrading to Premium Club on TUI Airways flights gives passengers a 23kg luggage allowance as well as the 10kg cabin bag. You can upgrade to this status while you’re booking, or if you've already booked, you can log in to your customer account by visiting Customer Account to manage your details.