Doctor Nighat cautioned that a dull ache or throbbing pain around the temples and forehead "can affect anyone and everyone" – a notion that the research study can confirm. The study, published in The Journal of Headache and Pain on Tuesday, April 12, confirmed that headache disorders "remain highly prevalent worldwide". Speaking on the health matter, Doctor Nighat pointed out that there's a difference between a headache and a migraine. While a headache is classified as a "symptom" of something else, a "migraine is a condition". There can be different causes of a headache, from a head injury to infections. These are known as "secondary" causes, with "primary causes" due to cluster headaches, migraines, or sinus headaches. Then there is neuralgias – "you have a nerve pain or nerve sensation that is causing [the headache]," Doctor Night explained. READ MORE: Cholesterol – A 'strong' genetic link found between anorexia and high-density lipoprotein Even nerve problems that start in the neck can lead to headaches. The differences between a headache and migraine "A migraine is basically a condition; that means there's a whole load of symptoms that sometimes affect the whole body," said Doctor Nighat. Migraines can be with or without auras, for example, which are flashing lights, pins and needles, or drooping to one side of the face. "As I say to people, you get a migraine attack," said Doctor Nighat. Typically, with everyday headaches, such as a tension headache that "feels like a band or pressure behind the eyes", they could appear due to too much screen time. These types of headaches cause a "dull ache that just sits there" for about 30 minutes. In addition to too much screen time, not enough sleep, feelings of stress and hormonal fluctuations can trigger such a headache. "If you've got neck or back problems, that can cause headaches," Doctor Nighat added. "Medication overuse can cause an ache as well," the doctor continued. Treating headaches "A symptom diary is really important, because we need to find what the triggers are," said Doctor Nighat. "If we know what those triggers are then we can treat that underlying thing." People need to look at their stress levels, if they could benefit from exercising more, and if physiotherapy can address neck tension muscles. "Pain relief is really important," Doctor Night said live on ITV's This Morning. "I can not stress this enough, please have some pain relief at the start of a headache," Doctor Night advised. Migraines tend to "snowball", getting "bigger, and bigger, and bigger". Any persistent headaches could benefit from holistic treatments, such as acupuncture, cognitive behavioural therapy, and yoga. If you are concerned, do keep a symptoms diary and book a routine appointment with your doctor.