Michael Buble, 46, and his wife, actress Luisana Lopilato, 34, suffered a huge blow in 2016 when their son Noah was diagnosed with liver cancer. Noah was only three years old when he was diagnosed and underwent two years of treatment for the condition. In the wake of Noah’s diagnosis, Michael immediately cancelled his tour and all of his music commitments to support his son during chemotherapy and radiotherapy treatments. Noah has now recovered completely from cancer and is back to full health. However, the horrific experience left Michael and Luisana scarred and unable to do certain things they had always enjoyed before. Michael has now explained how watching horror movies is something he and his wife can no longer bring themselves to do. He said: “When I met her, it was all horror movies, but she had a terrible habit of shouting at the screen. “But now, because of what we went through with the kid [their eldest son, Noah, was diagnosed with liver cancer in 2016; he’s now recovered], she doesn’t like any of that.” Asked whether he had also been put off movies involving “peril and death,” Michael told this week's Radio Times: “Yes. More so if it involves children. “Last night I watched The Revenant on Netflix. I’d seen it before, but I couldn’t get past the part where they kill this boy. “I had to skip ahead to where [Leonardo DiCaprio’s character] got revenge!” Michael previously admitted he thought he would never be able to return to his singing career after Noah’s diagnosis. In a new interview with the Telegraph, Michael said for a time, he lost a taste for performing, explaining: “I didn’t think I’d ever perform again. Never. It wasn’t even on my radar. “I wasn’t even singing in the shower.” DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [LATEST]Julia Bradbury shares insight to her biggest 'support' [UPDATE]A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman reflects on bad weather [INSIGHT] The singer said that his priority after his son’s diagnosis was “taking care of my family and protecting my mental health". But now that Noah has fully recovered, Michael is back and has an Australian tour planned for August. He made his big return to music in 2018 as he recorded the song Love and performed in Hyde Park in July 2018, in front of over 50,000 people. On Noah's eighth birthday in August 2021, Michael heaped praise on his “brave” son in a social media post. He wrote: "I've never met anyone as brave... I've never known anyone as kind or as good-hearted… "And I'll never truly be able to express how proud I am, or how deep and profound Mommy's and my love is for you. "You've blessed our lives in every way,” Michael concluded. Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times - out now.