Novak Djokovic has been tipped to be ready in time for his French Open title defence by Greg Rusedski and Daniela Hantuchova after starting the clay swing with a defeat to Alejandro Davidovich Fokina. The retired former WTA world No 7 also explained how the Serb’s defeat to the eventual runner-up in Monte Carlo will help him find confidence ahead of his next tournament in Belgrade. Djokovic has played just two tournaments so far this season, the most recent coming in Monte Carlo where he lost his opening match to world No 46 Davidovich Fokina. The 22-year-old ended up going all the way to the final by defeating the likes of recent Indian Wells champion Taylor Fritz and former top-ten players Grigor Dimitrov and David Goffin, and Hantuchova now believes the loss can actually benefit the world No 1 ahead of his next event. “In a way I feel like Alejandro helped him to not lose so much confidence and hope because he sees that ‘Okay it’s one of the best clay court players at the moment’,” she said on Amazon PrimeSo he doesn’t feel like ‘I lost to someone who I was supposed to really win, I lost to someone who is playing incredible tennis’. So I think that it’s going to help Novak looking ahead to Belgrade.” Former world No 4 Rusedski also said he believed the 20-time Major champion would be back to his usual dominant self in time for the French Open, where he is the defending champion. “Doesn’t matter how he wins, he just needs to win matches,” the 1997 US Open finalist said. JUST IN: Raducanu drops injury hint as Brit drawn into event after BJK Cup loss   “Even if it’s ugly, 6 in the third. If he wins the tournament in Belgrade, welcome back.”If Djokovic is unable to go deep at next week’s Serbia Open, Rusedski is still backing the world No 1 to find his form in time for the clay-court Grand Slam. He continued: “You don’t lose class, you miss match sharpness but winning becomes a habit. He’s going to get on the train again, it’s whether it happens next week or the week after but he’ll be ready to defend his [French Open] title.” The 86-time tour title winner has a 2-2 win-loss record for the season so far, reaching the quarter-finals in Dubai where he lost to qualifier Jiri Vesely and suffering his opening-round defeat to Davidovich Fokina in Monte Carlo. He will be hoping to capitalise on some home familiarities at next week’s Serbia Open, held in Djokovic’s own Novak Tennis Centre in his home of Belgrade where his brother Djordje is the tournament director. DON'T MISSBecker waxes lyrical about Alcaraz and backs him to emulate DjokovicDjokovic's brother 'in talks' with Nick Kyrgios after Serbia Open snubEmma Raducanu retains public backing but gold rush puts it at risk  Last year there were two editions of the Serbia Open, known as Belgrade 1 and 2. In Belgrade 1, Djokovic lost a tight semi-final to Aslan Karatsev. He was victorious in Belgrade 2, beating Alex Molcan in the final to lift the title. The world No 1 will then go onto the Masters 1000s in Madrid and Rome before the French Open. Djokovic did not play Madrid last year but won the title on his last appearance in 2019, and reached the finals of Rome last year where he lost to Rafael Nadal. A few weeks later he was able to get revenge over his rival at the French Open, beating the 13-time former champion in the semi-final before going on to win his second trophy in Paris. 