Prince Harry and Meghan Markle welcomed their first daughter Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor last June, and she shares a cousin in Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's only daughter, Princess Charlotte. As the only daughters of their respective parents, Lilibet and Charlotte will likely be gifted some enviable jewellery by their famous royal parents. And in Lilibet's case, she may receive a special watch her mother Meghan has owned since her pre-royal days. Before Meghan Markle became a member of the Royal Family in 2018, she spoke about how her special Cartier French Tank watch was purchased as a treat during her successful acting career. Back in 2015, Meghan told HELLO!: "I’ve always coveted the Cartier French Tank watch. "When I found out Suits had been picked up for our third season – which, at the time, felt like such a milestone – I totally splurged and bought the two-tone version." Because of its incredible sentimental value, Meghan expressed her wish that the watch would one day belong to her daughter. READ MORE: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen  She added: "I had it engraved on the back, “To M.M. From M.M.” and I plan to give it to my daughter one day. "That’s what makes pieces special, the connection you have to them." In the future, Lilibet's cousin Princess Charlotte could also be in line to inherit a special family heirloom that was once a firm favourite of her late grandmother, Princess Diana. For her 1981 wedding to Prince Charles, Lady Diana Spencer bucked royal tradition and opted to wear her family tiara, the Spencer Tiara, rather than a royal diadem from the Queen's collection.  When she became a member of the Royal Family, Diana became synonymous with the stunning piece as she frequently wore it to royal events and balls. While the tiara belongs to the Spencer family, headed by Diana's brother Earl Spencer, it is believed Charlotte will one day be allowed to wear the tiara. A source previously claimed to GoodtoKnow: “William is quite aware the Earl has daughters of his own, but the two have agreed that Diana’s iconic piece belongs to her first granddaughter.” As the daughter of a future King, Charlotte will also likely have access to the Cambridge Lover's Knot Tiara that Diana often wore. Charlotte's mother Kate also wears it now for state events, making the piece all the more sentimental.  DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle parts with animal welfare charity [INSIGHT]Camilla broke royal wedding tradition with tiara snub [ANALYSIS]Royal Family ranked: New data shows most and least popular royals [EXPLAINER] As Prince Harry's daughter, Lilibet is also likely to be gifted many of the jewels from Diana's collection that Harry inherited upon his mother's death in 1997. Since marrying Prince Harry in 2018, Meghan Markle has been spotted wearing several items from the late Princess' collection, and Lilibet will no doubt have access to these gems too when she is old enough. On her wedding day, Meghan wore the aquamarine ring Diana famously sported after her divorce from Prince Charles in the later years of her life. Meghan was also pictured wearing Diana's diamond tennis bracelet while appearing at the Salute to Freedom Gala in New York last November. And Diana's gold butterfly earrings made an appearance during Meghan and Harry's royal tour to Australia in 2018. 