Kim (played by Claire King) seems to have become a little less ruthless in recent weeks on Emmerdale, with the supposed death of her son Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln) making her mellow. Somewhere deep down, she is still the same woman who seems to have ruled the village with her money for many years but this side of her is seen a lot less. Unfortunately, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, she will find herself crossing several people as she tries to cut costs and gain more avenue. But which one of them has it in them to kill her? The drama begins in next week's episodes as Kim begins making demands as she has some lucrative investments on the horizon. Looking for ways to save enough money to become a part of these new businesses, she tells Jai Sharma (Chris Bossin) who has already been demoted, he needs to step up as manager of the Hop. Kim instructs him to fire all his part-time workers, but re-hire them on zero-hour contracts, meaning there is no obligation to keep them on or provide them with a certain amount of hours each week. In order to thank him for his troubles, the Home Farm owner promises she will promote him, which would be a huge advantage as he has been struggling with finances. This leaves him with a huge dilemma on his plate as he has to consider whether he is going to betray his friends or not. READ MORE: Jack Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jack Millar now? Needing some advice, Jai finally confides in his partner, Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) about the issue at hand. What stuns her is her lover is actually considering following Kim's orders so he can keep his job and maintain a steady income. Knowing she needs to be a voice for those working at the Hop, Laurel urges Jai to think about his friends and to fight for their rights. When Jai continues to play with time and doesn't seem to be following instructions quickly at all, Kim issues a warning. The ruthless businesswoman explains if he does not do it, she will find someone who will and this will include firing him in the process. One of the people she could hire to take on the role would be Al Chapman (Michael Wildman), seeing as she has become a lot closer to him recently. Though, Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) could be another contender seeing as Kim has her wrapped around her fingers at the moment. In doing this, she only adds to the number of suspects who would be willing to see Kim dead for their own, personal gains. Jai has the strongest motive of them all as he feels complete side-tracked by his boss, who clearly sees him as collateral damage. Kim doesn't care about the father of one at all, she just needs someone who is willing to get in line and follow her orders. DON'T MISS...Paige Sandhu health: Soap star on 'terrible' anxiety - symptoms [ANALYSIS]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] As he confronts Kim over her new approach to work at the Hop, he could bring back his darker side, which has been shown a few times over the years. Jai has the ability to push people to the edge if needed so will he go too far this time and end up killing his boss? Next up could be Laurel, as she knows, to an extent, the ruthless businesswoman is playing with her future by putting Jai's job on the line. With all the financial troubles the couple has had lately, she finally thought they were going to turn a corner and move on from their debt. However, with the businesswoman pushing the wrong buttons, Laurel could take matters into her own hands to make sure she is out of the picture. Al has always wanted to dominate in business in the village, whether it be taking over the Woolpack or stealing people's ideas to make money. Unfortunately for him, he has never been able to take the crown from Kim and if he becomes the new manager of the Hop, he could finally get his chance. Implementing new policies and carving out the way he wants to run the place, the businessman could be stopped in his tracks when Kim tells him she doesn't want such changes. Furious he is being micro-managed, the villainous character could make sure Kim is no longer the top dog in the village. Completing the murder mystery line-up could be Gabby, who has been hiding the secret Kim's son Jamie is still alive. As the women get closer, with Gabby becoming manager of the Hop, the young woman could finally confess to what she's been hiding. Kim would be left shell-shocked, furious she wasn't told sooner about the fate of her son and she could fire Gabby on the spot. However, wanting more power and thinking this is her chance to go up the ladder, Gabby could end up getting heated in the argument. With one thing leading to another, she could end up with blood on her hands as she kills Kim in the midst of the chaos. All of these situations will have to see the culprit hide the body but who has what it takes to take down Kim once and for all? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.