It is believed Mustique, in the Caribbean, is a holiday hotspot frequented by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. However, Kate used to visit the luxury holiday destination before her royal marriage. Author Marcia Moody explained in her book Kate: A Biography that the island of Mustique is indeed Kate and William's favourite destination to spend their holidays abroad. Mustique is a private island part of the nation of St Vincent and the Grenadines. Moody said the island was already a favourite of the Middletons before Kate joined the Royal Family: "The Caribbean island had become a favourite with the Middletons thanks to its old-fashioned charm. "And the fact that it is totally private. READ MORE: Travel warning: Britons could spend 'weeks' without luggage "While other Caribbean destinations had been modernized, Mustique was still the exclusive and luxurious destination that had been a favourite of Princess Margaret and Mick Jagger." The island is famous for its stunning white-sand beaches where the Middletons liked to "remain active and spent their time horse-riding," Moody said. She added: "Kate always returned from her holidays as brown as a berry."  The island is known to be a no-fly zone and completely paparazzi free. Mustique's website says: “Every island visitor is registered with our security team before arriving on island by land, air or sea, whether staff, local islander or guest to ensure the security team know who is on island at any one time”. A Channel 5 documentary unveiled that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge often stay at the luxurious Villa Antilles, in Mustique, which cost around £27,000 a week. The villas feature four bedrooms and a private garden with an infinity pool, jacuzzi and dining area. Guests also have four household staff members, a butler, chef, housekeeper and gardener at their service. The biographer revealed some of the things Kate enjoys doing during her family holidays: "Even when they were on holiday, [she] remained active and spent her time playing tennis and practising yoga." The Villa Antilles website states: "The focus is on al fresco dining at Antilles. "With a choice of indoor and outdoor dining locations and a trained chef, menus can be tailored to suit every taste and preference." Another favourite spot of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and where they have spent many Easter holidays and school breaks is their Anmer Hall residence, in Norfolk. The Norfolk coast is known for its stunning coastline and breathtaking views. The UK spot is a very affordable option for those travellers who want to enjoy the Easter break close to home.