Boris Johnson has unveiled a new deal to send migrants hoping to seek asylum in the UK to Rwanda. BBC Breakfast newsreader Charlie Stayt asked Conservative MP Tom Pursglove to estimate the cost of the immigration scheme, but the politician refused to give him a straight answer.   Stayt began: “People are focusing on a learning curve about remand at the moment, the US state of the department and the UK have also made representations in terms of human rights. “They talked about forced disappearances, unlawful killings, torture, and harsh life-threatening prison circumstances. “Are you certain it’s the right place to send people?” he asked. Pursglove answered: “I am confident the approach we are taking to this is entire, compliant with our international obligations through the refugee convention and EHCR and of course, under the remand aside, it’s also essential. READ MORE: Below Deck Sailing Yacht's Charles Sanders hits back at backlash Stayt asked: “Can we go through the basics because it would be really helpful but I think there’s some confusion, what’s the £120 million [for]?” Pursglove replied: “The £120 million pounds is to establish this economic development partnership in the first place. And then of course, as we move forward as people are relocated to Rwanda, we will continue to make contributions that will mean that that partnership is able to develop over the period ahead of us, but they're also consistent with the sorts of sums of money that we're spending on dealing with this issue currently in this country. “But that should help us to ensure that in the fullness of time, we're able to reduce some of those costs because we have to get this under control. It is completely unacceptable and unsustainable to have 1000s of people making these dangerous crossings of the channel, for example, as we move forward. Stayt probed: “So the £120 million is a down payment. How much will it cost? Per person that we want to send to Rwanda?” “No, so what we will be doing is we will be supporting the ongoing costs of the resettlement of those individuals in Rwanda that obviously will depend upon the individual’s circumstances.” “Can you give me an estimate of those figures because I know Boris Johnson said he didn't want to write a blank check but if you haven't got the numbers, this is a bank check?” the newsreader questioned.   Pursglove went back with: “Well, that's not the case because the difficulty is it depends upon the volumes and of course, I can't predict definitively how many people are going to make these dangerous crossings as we move forward. “So you can't put a cost figure on that because it will depend upon the circumstances, the number of people coming, and the length of time that people decide to stay in Rwanda. “Those will all effectively determine some of the cost outcomes, but it's right that we take this approach to tackle this issue.” Stayt then asked: “Is it guaranteed that no children will be relocated to Rwanda?”  Pursglove responded: “What I'm not going to do Charlie this morning is to help the evil criminal gangs to exploit vulnerable people by putting individuals at greater risk. “But what I would say I hope I can provide real assurance in making the point that cases will be looked at on a case by case basis taking proper account of everybody's circumstances in question, that is the right approach to take to this. “The problem you've got is that these evil gangs will miss no opportunity to exploit the vulnerability and what I wouldn't want to do is encourage, for example, evil criminals smugglers to be putting children in small boats. “Nobody should be making these crossings. That is an absolute fact."    The politician continued: "It is imperative but I can't stress enough that people are leaving what are safe countries to make these perilous journeys to the UK, that has got to stop and we've got to put those criminal gangs out of business. Stayt went in again: “So children may be amongst those that are located?” Pursglove stated: “As I said, the problem is that cases will be looked at on a case by case basis. "But one thing I have set for example in the house is that unaccompanied asylum-seeking children would not be included." BBC Breakfast airs weekly on BBC One at 6am.  