A bedroom is an important part of the home but is often overlooked by other rooms such as the kitchen and bathroom. However, bedrooms are often a sanctuary, a place to relax and unwind after a long day; others use their bedrooms as a dressing room and a place to prepare for the day ahead. Changing up your interiors doesn’t have to be a mammoth task and you don’t have to spend a fortune - it could just take one simple change. For those looking to give their bedroom a quick makeover, there are some key small additions that will instantly elevate the space. Amy Wilson, Interior designer at 247 Blinds, has given her expert advice on which items pack the most “interior punch”. She explained that changing window dressings can “instantly” freshen up a bedroom. Often overlooked as merely a practicality, switching up your blinds and curtains can change the feel of a room significantly. READ MORE: Interior: Avoid adding a shoe rack to your bedroom - ‘negative energy’ Amy said: “You can instantly freshen up a bedroom by changing your window dressings. “If you’re feeling bold and want to inject some joy into a room, consider brightening up the scheme by adding a pop of colour with a contrasting roller blind or patterned roman blind. “To make a bedroom look more expensive, layer your blind with a floor-length curtain. “It’ll help to blackout the early morning light whilst making your room look more luxurious and hotel-like.” The interior designer also suggested that homeowners get creative with their mirrors. DON'T MISS: Heating home for less: How to save 37% on your energy bills [TIPS]Oven cleaning: How to ‘easily’ clean between oven door glass [EXPERT]Mould: Mrs Hinch shares ‘easy’ method for removing mould from walls [COMMENT] It’s easy to underestimate the impact a mirror can make on a room. Not only are they great for making a space appear lighter, they can also make a strong statement piece. Amy said: “Mirrors don’t have to be boring and practical. They can be works of art in their own right. “Consider clustering mirrors of different shapes and sizes together on one wall. “If you hang a mirror over a mantle piece, layer candlesticks and colourful vases in front to add interest and up the style stakes.” Styling your storage is another great way to transform the look of a bedroom. The “coastal grandmother” interiors trend has gone wild on TikTok recently and for good reason. Effortlessly elegant and comforting, this style is easy to replicate in your home with some neutral tones and the addition of some wicker baskets or side tables for storage. Amy explained how you can replicate this trend through “beautiful and stylish” storage options like baskets, trunks and cabinets. She said: “Opting for wooden finishes creates texture and interest - whilst also tidying away any clutter that quickly gathers.” Whether you’ve got wooden floors, carpet or tiles, a rug makes an excellent addition to any room - offering comfort for bare feet and a delight for the eyes. The expert explained how a rug “significantly” transforms any room. Amy said: “The rug market is bursting with colourful patterned works of art for your floor. “Opting for a bold design for your floors allows you to keep the decorating to a minimum but will transform your room significantly!”