Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.4 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips, one of which includes removing smells from washing machines. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks, one woman asked for advice on how to rid the odours from her “badly” smelling washing machine. Nessa Charlotte Morrissey wrote: “My washing machine stinks badly inside, it’s only a year old. I’ve tried the Dettol cleaning solution and it’s still the same. What else can I do?" For those who have ever caught a whiff of a nasty smell while taking out their laundry from the washing machine, chances are the dirty washer is to blame. Even though they are relied upon to clean clothes and household items, it also needs a clean from time to time, so that it can perform to the best of its ability. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean the bottom of burnt pans - ‘amazing’ hack While many people don't realise a washing machine needs a clean, it's actually essential to keep it ticking over as long as possible. The average washing machine can last up to 17 years if properly cared for. Fortunately, Nessa’s post was inundated with over 300 comments from eager Mrs Hinch fans ready to share their top washing machine cleaning tips. The most popular comment was to use a dishwasher tablet. DON'T MISS: Gardening tips: ‘Quicker ways’ to ‘effectively’ rid gardens of weeds [TIPS]What to do with tulips after they have bloomed [INISGHT]Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [EXPERT] Debbie Payton Emmerson said: “Stick a dishwasher tablet in on a hot wash.” Carol Moyle commented: “All you need to do is add a dishwasher tablet to the drum and leave the door open when not in use. I’ve never had any nasty smells since.” Claire White advised: “One dishwasher tablet on a hot wash eliminates all odours.” Kate Holmes suggested: “Use dishwasher tablets over laundry detergent - it really stops it smelling.” Louise Walker said: “Use dishwasher tablets on a 90 wash.” Susie Merkins added: “Dishwasher tablets on a rinse cycle works great.” Dishwasher tablets can be bought from Wilko for £3 for a pack of 40. This works out as less than 8p per tablet. They can also be purchased from local supermarkets such as Sainsbury’s for £5 for a pack of 60, which works out as just over 8p per tablet. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using soda crystals to remove washing machine odours. Catherine Ann Graham said: “I put some soda crystals in mine every wash now. I’m just back from holiday and opened my door to put the first load in and it doesn’t have that awful stench it would normally after a week of not being used.” Sandy Allen commented: “I always use soda crystals in the wash and never had a problem with a smell.” Steph James added: “Soda crystals in the drum on a hot wash.”