Saif Rubie, an intermediary who helped Antonio Rudiger complete a move from AS Roma to Chelsea, has teased transfer talks with Manchester United on social media. On Friday afternoon, Rubie sparked buzz amongst United fans after posting a cryptic image and caption on Instagram. In 2017, Chelsea completed a £29million deal for Rudiger, tying the centre-back down to a five-year contract at Stamford Bridge. That deal will soon expire, and he is expected to leave the club as a free agent at the end of the season. Rubie played a significant role in his switch to Chelsea, acting as an intermediary who contacted Rudiger's agent to move the transfer forward. He represents Future Gen Sports & Luxury, who have worked with Chelsea for several years on player recruitment strategy. On the agency's website, the Germany international is quoted: "From the minute Saif contacted my agent and showed the interest from the club in England, he was very professional in his conduct and delivered exactly what he said he would." JUST IN: Five possible targets with Man Utd 'working on deal for young striker' And Rubie could be playing a significant role in Rudiger's next move as he holds talks with different European heavyweights ahead of his Chelsea exit. Reports suggest Juventus, Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain are in the race, whilst his agent, Sahr Senesie, was spotted in discussions with Barcelona figures. But it seems like United are also at the table for his services in their search for a new centre-back in Erik ten Hag's first summer transfer window. On Instagram, Rubie posted a mirror selfie presenting his smart-casual attire before another post showed a picture of Sir Alex Ferguson on a wall of a room. He captioned that specific post: "Let's see if I can revive this sleeping giant. #GloryGlory." READ MORE: Ten Hag will earn less than four PL bosses as Man Utd salary revealed Following reports that United have pressed forward with talks for certain targets after announcing Ten Hag as manager, the timing of Rubie's activity has unsurprisingly attracted interest. He could very well have been in talks with Red Devils figures over a summer move. United are expected to bolster the squad with a centre-back, defensive midfielder, more advanced midfielder and striker on priority at the end of the season. With several players leaving as free agents and other futures uncertain, Rudiger could be part of the start of a significant rebuild. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.