The total cost to buy and operate an electric van in Europe is now cheaper than diesel alternatives, according to a new study. The findings are also backed up by a survey of European van buyers that found most drivers want to go electric. The new study published by Transport & Environment (T&E), Europe’s leading clean transport campaign group, analysed the total cost of ownership (TCO) of electric and diesel vans. This included purchase, operating, and maintenance costs. The TCO is a crucial metric for commercial vehicle operators. T&E modelled the TCO of diesel and electric vans for six groups of end-users – including business-to-consumer and business-to-business transporters, vocational users, short-term rental services, lessees, and private users – in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, and Spain, which accounts for 76 percent of the EU and UK van market. READ MORE: Parking the wrong way round at night could land drivers with a fine The results of the analysis showed that electric vans are already the cheapest option for all user groups considered in all six countries when purchase subsidies are included. The study also found that even if purchase subsidies are excluded, electric vans would still be cheaper on a TCO basis in five out of the six countries considered, and will be cheaper in all countries and for all user groups by 2024 at the latest. A survey of European van buyers published alongside the report also found that the European van market is ready to jump on board the electric revolution. The survey showed that 36 percent of van fleets surveyed already boast at least one electric van, while another 32 percent plan to buy an electric van this year. DON'T MISS Half of all new car sales will have to be all-electric models by 2028 [REVEAL] Motorists furious at ‘most expensive’ petrol station in UK [SHOCKING] Cyclists urged to be careful amid Highway Code changes [WARNING] The survey of 745 fleets across Europe by Dataforce for T&E also found that 16 percent are considering buying an e-van in the next five years. However, the supply of electric van models is lacking, explaining why – despite the interest – electric vans only account for three percent of sales, lagging well behind battery electric vehicles (BEVs) at nine percent. T&E expect that the supply of electric vans will continue to fall short for the rest of the decade. This is unless a significant and immediate increase is made to the UK’s and European Union’s proposed van CO2 targets. James Nix, freight manager at T&E, said: “An electric van beats a diesel on cost and van buyers know it. “But there’s nowhere near enough supply of e-vans. “Lawmakers can change this at a stroke by increasing the CO2 targets which will require van makers to sell more zero-emission vehicles.” According to T&E, tightening the UK’s and EU’s draft CO2 targets during this decade would result in the addition of one million extra electric vans to European roads within five years. This in turn would save 5.6-megatonnes of CO2 emissions in 2027, and reduce the annual oil consumption of European vans by seven percent in 2027. This last is of particular relevance, as the annual reduction of oil consumption would end dependence on Russian imports. Mr Nix said: “Electric vans will help cut our oil dependence and save businesses billions of pounds already in this decade. “But the drip-feed of electric vans onto the market has to end.” In particular, T&E is calling on lawmakers to tighten the proposed van CO2 targets. According to the organisation, the targets should require a 25 percent reduction in average van CO2 emissions in 2025, along with a new intermediate target of a 45 percent reduction by 2027 and an 80 percent reduction by 2030.