Britons have been facing a hard time as they witness one of the worst periods of inflation in history. Targeting the Government, Ms Jardine said: “We are in a situation now where my constituency is watching tonight what the Chief Secretary was saying, they will find it bears little relation to the situation they face because at the moment, we have the standard of living falling faster in this country since the 1950s. Inflation is out of control.”  With inflation at a 30-year high and household bills continuing to rise, No 10 says the PM has asked ministers to come up with “innovative ways” to ease living costs. Boris Johnson called for proposals from his team that do not rely on spending taxpayers' money during Tuesday's cabinet meeting. According to a news report by the BBC, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has suggested relaxing the frequency of MOTs. Delays at the Passport Office were also raised, with Mr Johnson threatening to privatise the service if it did not start delivering better value for money.  Opposition parties have said the help on offer from the government to tackle rising living costs was insufficient, with Labour, the SNP and the Liberal Democrats calling for an emergency Budget to give more support to households. Ms Jardine suggested ways for the Government to get the economy back on track. She said: “There are several things that the Government could do right away.“They could cut the VAT from 20 percent to 17.5 percent, they could go back to the tax break which they gave to bankers when they removed the surcharges, that was £7 billion. “The windfall tax on the huge energy companies who have made massive super profits in this and other companies, they have made super profits throughout the pandemic. READ MORE: Dad 'stabs burglar to death' after watching him raid home on doorbell “One year long windfall tax could take the burden off the ordinary taxpayers, the ordinary families and pensioners, pensioners who have been particularly badly hit by the broken promises of this Government. “They have broken so many promises, by another broken promise by the Government about the triple lock in pensions. “By doing these things you can take the burden off ordinary families and pensioners and help them pay their bills, feed their children and keep their homes warm this winter. DON'T MISS:Liz Truss warns allies must ‘double down’ support to UkraineMacron SNUBS Johnson's ambition to fix 'broken' relationsNorth Korea boasts of ‘invincible power’ that ‘no one can touch’