Chelsea could be set to lose millions of pounds on Timo Werner if they decide to give the misfiring forward the boot in the summer. Werner is one of a number of stars who have disappointed under Thomas Tuchel this term, with his market value plummeting as a result. Werner had forged a reputation as one of Europe's most prolific strikers prior to his arrival in the Premier League. The 26-year-old plundered 78 goals in 127 games for RB Leipzig in the Bundesliga - but it's been a different story for Werner at Stamford Bridge. The German striker endured a difficult maiden campaign in the top-flight, bagging just six league goals. And unfortunately for the £47.5million man, he's struggled to fare any better this term. He's mustered just a solitary league goal from 15 appearances and is very much on the fringes of Tuchel's squad. And with reports circulating in recent days regarding a potential move away, Werner's days at Stamford Bridge could be numbered - but the Blues could be forced to take a £10million hit if they do dispense with Werner's services at the end of the current campaign. READ MORE: Man Utd told to give Cristiano Ronaldo 'assurance' to Erik ten Hag before appointment That's according to Transfermarkt, who value Werner at around £37.8m after his torrid spell in England. Although Chelsea are currently operating under various restrictions due to the sanctions imposed on current Blues owner Roman Abramovich, the club could decide to cash in on Werner and a host of other fringe players if a takeover is - as expected - completed at the end of the season. Express Sport revealed on Wednesday that Werner's advisor, Volker Struth, travelled to meet with AC Milan, Atalanta and Juventus to explore a potential summer exit for his client. Werner has also been linked with a return to the Bundesliga, with Borussia Dortmund reportedly interested in the ex-Leipzig man. Werner had previously stressed his desire to stay in the capital to fight for his place at Chelsea rather than seeking a move elsewhere. But after struggling for minutes since the turn of the year, it remains to be seen if his stance on remaining at the club is still the same - particularly with the 2022 World Cup on the horizon. DON'T MISSLiverpool have Carvalho deal 'done' with £7.7m fee agreed for summer signingMan Utd and Arsenal wince as Wolves set huge price tag for in-demand star Ruben NevesChelsea's Mount has defiant message for Real Madrid - 'If anyone can do it, it's us' Werner previously said back in October: "The last weeks at Chelsea have been difficult for me. I fell behind and had to fight my way back. In a career, things always go up and down, never steadily up. But you learn to deal with it. "I have to force my way back in, and that's what challenges me. Of course I want more playing time, so I'm giving everything in training. Of course I can't be satisfied if I don't play. Of course I want to be a regular starter for a big team. "But I'm not saying I'm desperate to leave if I don't start 10 or 15 games before Christmas. In football, things change relatively quickly. I have to look at the big picture to make my decision."