After two years of fluctuating travel rules, the new, more relaxed approach to international travel is likely welcome news for holiday hungry Britons. However, when visiting Spain, UK holidaymakers should be aware of the coronavirus restrictions which remain in place while in the country. Though England has dropped many of its COVID-19 restrictions, including the mandatory use of face masks, certain requirements remain in force in Spain. Those who do not abide by these rules could run the risk of “penalties” while on holiday, according to the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO). What Covid restrictions are still in place in Spain? The FCDO explains: “Public health measures to reduce the transmission of COVID-19 remain in force across Spain and may vary between regions. "Handwashing hygiene, air ventilation rules and the use of face masks both indoors and at some large outdoor events, must continue to be observed at all times." READ MORE: Spain holidays: 5 'hidden costs' to be aware of Rules can vary on a regional basis, so tourists are advised to check the specific regulations of their destination. These can also change at short notice, with regional governments holding the power to ease or tighten restrictions as they deem necessary, including the introduction of partial lockdowns and Covid passports or by limiting the capacity of venues and opening hours for hospitality and retail establishments. One key rule which remains in place is the mandatory use of face masks in certain settings. The FCDO warns: "You should carry a face mask with you at all times and be prepared to wear it during your stay. DON'T MISSAirport chaos spreads across UK as tourists face 'ridiculous queues'  [COMMENT]Cornwall 'conflict' between locals & second home owners in Range Rover [REPORT]Valiant Lady: A look inside Virgin Voyages' newest ship [PICTURES] "Face masks must cover the nose and mouth. "As specific rules on the use of face masks may vary from one region to the next, you should refer to local authorities for advice. "Penalties may be imposed if you do not comply." The use of mandatory face coverings applies to everyone over the age of six years old, specifically on public transport and in many other indoor spaces. Face masks are also mandatory "at large, open-air, standing events and seated events where social distancing of 1.5m cannot be observed". Unlike at the peak of the pandemic, however, face masks are not expected to be worn while outside. The nation also continues to enforce entry restrictions, with only fully vaccinated Britons or those who can prove recovery from COVID-19 permitted to enter the country. The decision to extend these rules served as a blow to unvaccinated British holidaymakers gearing up for an Easter holiday. Unvaccinated travellers can only enter Spain if they can prove they have had and recovered from COVID-19 between 180 and 12 days prior to travel. Furthermore, vaccinated visitors must have received a booster jab if their initial course of vaccination was 270 or more days before travel. However, there are currently no testing requirements for Britons hoping to visit the nation.