Erik ten Hag is currently the frontrunner in the race to become Manchester United’s next permanent manager. The Ajax boss has done well during his time in Amsterdam and impressed Red Devils figures John Murtough, Darren Fletcher and Ralf Rangnick. However, the struggles of Peter Bosz and Frank de Boer since leaving the Amsterdam outfit serve as a warning to the fallen Premier League giants. Manchester United want to announce their new manager before the end of the campaign so they can assist in planning for the future. And Ten Hag is now ahead of rivals Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique when it comes to taking the job. While United fans want the 52-year-old to take over from Rangnick at the end of the season, however, there’s no guarantee he’ll be a hit. Especially when you look at how Bosz and De Boer fared after leaving the Dutch giants. The former decided to leave Ajax for Borussia Dortmund back in June 2017, believing he was ready to take the Bundesliga side to new heights. Except, his time at the Westfalenstadion failed to live up to expectations with Bosz lasting just six months. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The 58-year-old was dismissed in December 2017, with Dortmund winning just 33.33 per cent of their matches during his reign. Bosz spent three years at Bayer Leverkusen between 2018 and 2021 but is now managing Lyon in France, having taken over last year. He’s still trying to repair his managerial reputation following his failed stint at Dortmund and whether he’s successful in doing that with the Ligue 1 side remains to be seen. Before Bosz took over at Ajax, they were managed by De Boer. The Dutchman won 60 per cent of his 263 games, leading them to four league titles and the Johan Cruyff shield during that spell. After leaving Ajax, however, De Boer has found other jobs in management far tougher. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players He lasted just three months at Serie A giants Inter Milan, winning a mere five matches before the current Italian champions cut him loose. And De Boer also endured a tough time at Crystal Palace, with Jose Mourinho ripping into him by branding him the ‘worst manager in Premier League history’ afterwards. Mourinho, responding to criticism about comments he’d made about Marcus Rashford, said: “I read something, some quote from the worst manager in the history of the Premier League – Frank de Boer. “What he was saying was not good for Marcus Rashford to have a coach like me, because the most important thing for me is to win. “If he was coached by Frank he would lose because he lost every game. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I try to give the best to the kid. I have to be honest and give the credit to the people of the academy that was responsible for his formation, to Louis van Gaal [Mourinho’s predecessor] who was responsible for his first season. “But if you go to his numbers and how many matches he played with me last season and this, I would say probably he’s in the top five players with most matches in the two seasons.” United, by hiring Ten Hag, will be rolling the dice. The struggles of Bosz and De Boer show that managing Ajax, compared to other teams, is a different challenge entirely. But it’s increasingly apparent he’s in pole position to take the job and bring this managerial saga to an end. Ten Hag was coy on United links when quizzed on the matter in midweek, meanwhile, though did admit they were a ‘great club’ and that ‘in football you never know’ what can happen. “Everyone knows each other in the industry,” he said. “There are always talks with representatives from other clubs, that's normal. Manchester United is a great club with great fans. “But I can only repeat myself: My full focus is completely on Ajax! We are already planning for the new season.” He then added: “My focus is currently only on Ajax. But in football you never know. “I don't want to rule anything out. If at some point I should decide to take the next step, I hope that people here will understand.”