The Earl and Countess of Wessex are visiting the Caribbean on a week-long tour, following on from a similar trip made by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge last month. Just a day before the royal couple set off for the Caribbean, it was announced that they would not visit Grenada after discussions with the island’s governor-general and wider government. The pair arrived in St Lucia on Friday, before travelling to St Vincent and the Grenadines. But ahead of visiting their final stop of Antigua and Barbuda, the call heard in a number of Caribbean islands for the Royal Family to more openly address the legacy of slavery was directed towards the Earl and Countess. In an open letter to Prince Edward and Sophie, the Antigua and Barbuda Reparations Support Commission denounced the “splendour” and “wealth” of the Royal Family, “attained through the proceeds of crimes”. The Commission wrote: “We know that the European slave trade, the enslavement of Africans, the genocide of Indigenous peoples of this region and the deceptive indentureship imposed on Asians were not acts of nature. “They did not fall from heaven like manna, they did not occur like hurricanes or earthquakes. “They resulted from willful acts from white Europeans aimed solely at Africans. “We know that the British Crown - both as Royal Family and as institution, is historically documented as an active participant in the largest crimes against humanity of all time.” The Commission then added: “We also know that no-one today in your family was alive when the crimes against humanity were committed. READ MORE: Meghan 'pushes Harry away' after televised kiss “So please do not tell us that again either - as others before you have done. “We know however that everyone in your family continues to live in the splendour, pomp and wealth attained through the proceeds of crimes.” On Sunday, the Earl and Countess were greeted with warm welcomes but also pointed protests from other groups in St Vincent and the Grenadines. On Saturday, around 15 protesters congregated with banners bearing slogans such as “end to colonialism”, and “Britain your debt is outstanding”. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Queen urged to strip Harry and Meghan of titles [LIVE] Idea for William to succeed Queen addressed by expert: ‘Foolish!’ [INSIGHT] Princess Beatrice & Eugenie 'classic with a smidge of dramatic' [ANALYSIS] The visit by the Earl and Countess came in the wake of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge’s controversial trip to Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas in March. During the tour, the future king, 39, expressed his “profound sorrow” over the slave trade, adding it was an “appalling atrocity” that “forever stains our history”. In the open letter to the Earl and Countess of Wessex, the Reparations Committee cautioned the senior royals against “phony sanctimony” of speeches that do not “convey new knowledge” to the Commonwealth islands. The Committee wrote: "We hear the phony sanctimony of those who came before you that these crimes are a 'stain on your history.'” It continued: “It has become common for members of the royal family and representatives of the Government of Britain to come to this region and lament that slavery was an “appalling atrocity”, that it was “abhorrent”, that “it should not have happened”. “But such sentiments did not convey new knowledge to us.” “We hope you will respect us by not repeating the mantra. “We are not simpletons.”