Federico Lorenz said Buenos Aires was too “busy complaining” and “absorbed” by claims to take over the British Overseas Territory to think of an “integration plan”. Mr Lorenz made the stunning admission about the Falkland Islands during an interview with BBC Mundo, saying: “We are so busy complaining that we don't think. Imagine the Queen calls and says to us: ‘Yes, you're right, we'll give you back the islands’. Where are the integration plans? They don't exist. We wouldn't know what to do. We are absorbed by the claim.”  The UK and Argentina have been embroiled in a long-running diplomatic spat over the islands, which have been under British control since 1833. But in recent years the South American nation has intensified its claim to seize back control of the British Overseas Territory. Mr Lorenz warned the people of Argentina would never abandon their claim to the Falkland Islands - known in Spanish as Islas Malvinas - despite Britain claiming it 187 years ago and winning a war over the territory in 1982. He said: “I don't think Argentina can abandon the claim. “It is a cornerstone of its foreign policy, it is questioning its identity in a way that I would say is irremediable or irreversible.” However Mr Lorenz said the people of Argentina realised the islands were “very far away”.  READ MORE: Falkland war veteran likens Russia to 'Argentine Junta' over Ukraine He said: “I think there is a realisation that the islands are very far away. “Ritual thinking freezes them in time, as if nothing happened from 1982 to the present, when in reality things happen all the time. It is something that I believe that politics will not say because it is very counterproductive. “If it were just a territorial claim, it would probably already be resolved. The problem is that since the mid-twentieth century the national cause has permeated Argentine domestic politics.  DON'T MISSArgentine President blasts 'shameful' Falklands anniversary [OPINION]Falklands War horror as secret British mission exposed [INSIGHT]Falkland veteran describes his first hours in war [COMMENT] “I believe that the majority of Argentines believe in the justice of the Argentinean cause of rights over the islands. So they adhere to the claim and support it. “I think that internally they know, we know, that in the best case scenario, this recovery is going to take a very long time. “And I think that the possibility of that never happening is not something that is openly discussed.”  Argentina's 1982 invasion sparked a war which left around 650 Argentine soldiers and 255 British dead. It ended with the surrender of the Argentine troops a few weeks later. Argentine forces invaded the Falklands – known in Spanish as Islas Malvinas – and so Margaret Thatcher led the British military to defend the British Overseas Territory. Britain won, but tensions have remained over the Island’s sovereignty ever since.  Since Britain voted to leave the EU in 2016, Buenos Aires has tried to steer the lead in the remote British Overseas Territory by the back door. In 2013, a referendum asking whether the Falkland islanders supported the continuation of their status as an Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom prompted an almost unanimous response from the island's inhabitants. On a turnout of 92 percent, an overwhelming 99.8 percent voted to remain a British territory, with only three votes against. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega