Marks and Spencer wants to replace the near 100-year-old Edwardian art deco store next to Selfridges with a 10-storey building which would see offices and a gym above a smaller shop, as well as a new pedestrian arcade. Last week, Sadiq Khan reviewed a decision not to intervene in the application after an expert warned the scheme contradicted new policies from City Hall requiring the retention and retro-fitting of old buildings to be prioritised. The Mayor of London was satisfied the “carbon footprint” of demolition had been considered from an early stage. A spokeswoman for Mr Khan said: “The mayor can only intervene in council planning decisions where the proposed scheme does not conform with the London Plan. “After a thorough assessment of this proposal, including the total carbon footprint involved, it was determined that grounds did not exist to allow the mayor to intervene. “It will therefore remain with Westminster City Council to determine the application.” But the decision to demolish the iconic store has been met with a furious backlash on social media. Twitter user “Calgie” (@christiancalgie) raged: “Disgraceful vandalism.” “Phillipa Vincent-Connolly” (@PhillipaJC) fumed: “@MayorofLondon if London is the greatest city in the world, why are you approving the destruction of the M&S store in Oxford Street? “What's next, @Selfridges? What about the heritage of Art Deco architecture? “Once these building are gone that's it!” READ MORE: Energy crisis: Octopus strikes UK heat pump deal to slash cost by 70% Twitter user “J_MeGirl” (@J_MEGirl) said: “Why do people let this happen? “Travesty - historic architecture should always be protected/saved where possible. Hate seeing this happen.” “Katherine Hardy” (@kardyology) raged: “What is the point of Sadiq Khan?” Westminster is set to grant planning permission for the move, subject to agreeing wider community benefits with the developers, and the scheme can now only be derailed by an intervention from Communities Secretary Michael Gove. DON'T MISSMum wants everyone to see harrowing photo of child days before death [PICTURES]Sturgeon and Starmer order Boris to resign after fines [COMMENTS]H&M will close 240 stores and launch 95 new branches [REPORT] The review from Mr Khan was triggered by a report written for Save Britain’s Heritage by “embodied carbon” expert Simon Sturgis, who argued a comprehensive refurbishment was the better option. But the Greater London Authority (GLA) had not considered his report prior to the initial decision to give the green light to the scheme. Mr Sturgis, who had previously helped redraft the London Plan, the Mayor’s development blueprint for the capital, argued the early failure not to step in suggested Mr Khan “isn’t serious” about achieving “net zero” carbon emissions by 2030. He said on Tuesday: “I never thought that a Labour mayor of London would prove to be less progressive on climate change than a Conservative government - and this decision just after the publication of the IPCC Report making clear the urgency of the climate emergency.” The GLA claimed it was “prudent” to have the matter reconsidered by Mr Khan in light of the report from Mr Sturgis. But they said in a letter to Westminster council: “The Mayor considered the update report on April 4 and concluded that there is nothing raised now which would have affected the decision reached on March 7, i.e. that the council may determine the case itself.” Developers had looked at a refurbishment of the store at an early stage, according to an attached report, but argued a “heavy refurb”, including retaining the facade, was “not considered feasible as the embodied carbon saving would have been immaterial”. Save Britain's Heritage director Henrietta Billings raged: “These proposals do not comply with national net zero legislation to reduce carbon emissions or the mayor’s own policy to prioritise retrofit. “If the London mayor is serious about tackling climate change this cycle of trashing and rebuilding from scratch must stop. “This decision flies in the face of national and London wide policy, and goes against the advice of the Mayor’s own sustainability advisor.  “The M&S building is a handsome landmark that has characterised Oxford Street for almost 100 years, helping shape one of London’s most famous and historic streets. “We call on M&S to stick to their ambitious sustainability goals and rethink their plans. The environmental cost of demolition and rebuild of this building just doesn’t stack up when measured against a comprehensive retrofit alternative.” An M&S spokesman said: “We are continuing to make progress on our plans to invest in the west end of Oxford Street for the long term by establishing a new, vibrant M&S store fit for modern retail, along with best in class sustainable office space. “We will keep the local community updated as our plans progress.”