Erik ten Hag plans to ‘clean’ the Manchester United dressing room and its bad atmosphere, it has been claimed. The Ajax boss will take over from Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. And he’ll be charged with the task of bringing the glory days back to Old Trafford as the club continue to struggle since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Manchester United confirmed last week that Ten Hag would be their new manager. And, now, Fabrizio Romano has claimed on his podcast that the 52-year-old wants to ‘clean’ the dressing room. While it’s unclear what this would specifically entail, it’s understood Ten Hag will shortly hold meetings with United players via Zoom. He wants to make a positive impression on the squad right away and seems to be aware of all the issues that have plagued their campaign so far. United players have had a mixed reaction to Ten Hag’s appointment behind the scenes. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Some have been underwhelmed by the decision to hand the job to the 52-year-old, doubting he has the strength of character to succeed. Others, however, believe Ten Hag’s shrewd coaching can lead to immediate improvement at Old Trafford. The Dutchman, according to Romano, also wants to ‘start something new’. And that suggests he’s willing to give everybody a clean slate at United as they look to reel in Manchester City and Liverpool next term. Donny van de Beek is one player who is expected to be given a second chance to prove his worth. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag The Netherlands international failed to impress at United under either Rangnick or Ole Gunnar Solskjaer prior to joining Everton in the New Year. But Ten Hag, having managed Van de Beek at Ajax, believes his compatriot can finally kick on under his guidance. The incoming United boss also wants to keep hold of Marcus Rashford. The England international has become a peripheral figure under Rangnick and has netted just five goals across all competitions this term. Yet Rashford himself wants clarity on his future amid interest from Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings At United, Ten Hag will also have to address the Cristiano Ronaldo situation. The Portugal international has scored 22 goals across all competitions this term, more than double any other player on the club’s books. But some within United think Ronaldo should be allowed to leave so they can plan for a future with younger players. Marco Van Basten isn’t one of them, however, with the former Ajax coach calling on Ten Hag to trust the 37-year-old. “If Ronaldo continues to play like he did, for example against Norwich [hat-trick] scoring regularly, there is no need to take him out of the team,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He is an individualist player, but as long as he continues to show results, he has to start. “Ten Hag will know that he won’t be able to ask him the same as an 18-year-old. “Of course Ronaldo will have to work hard, but I see Ten Hag having enough influence over him to make him play as he wants. “I have one piece of advice for Erik: don’t look at what the press says when you start. “He will have to have a huge focus on his work, on training, on the team. If you do that, you can change everything at United.”