Former Premier League referee Mark Halsey wants to see a "time limit" introduced to VAR decisions after several minutes passed before Gabriel Martinelli's goal was ruled out for offside against Brighton. The Gunners were far from their best against Brighton on Saturday and soon found themselves a goal down midway through the first half. Mikel Arteta's side then thought they had scored an equaliser on the stroke of half time when Martinelli headed in from close range. But a VAR check followed for a suspected offside with the decision taking several minutes. After four minutes of deliberation, the officials decided that the goal would not stand to the furore of some Arsenal fans. According to the International Football Association Board's official rulebook: "a player is in an offside position if... any part of the head, body or feet is nearer to the opponent's goal than both the ball and the second-last opponent." It was generally accepted that the right decision was made, but the anger surrounding the offside call largely surrounded how long it took. And Halsey believes if a decision does end up taking four minutes then the goal should stand. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte hails five players after cementing fourth  “Arsenal’s disallowed goal against Brighton looked like the right call," Halsey told CaughtOffside. “Gabriel Martinelli was just offside, his foot strayed offside. “The question is why did it take four minutes to decide? I know there were other questions in there too – was there a foul? Did it come off a Brighton defender? – but it shouldn’t be taking four or five minutes to make that call. “That’s what frustrates everybody, the length of time taken. If you’re looking at it for that long then maybe there’s an argument it should just be a goal. DON'T MISS  “It might make sense to introduce a time limit on these decision-making processes, because otherwise it can go on and on and on. You can find whatever you want to find in an incident when you take that long.” Piers Morgan was one fan who was furious with the decision, tweeting: "Martinelli was clearly onside. Outrageous decision - another reason to hate VAR." Gary Lineker then pointed out to Morgan that "he was offside", prompting the former Good Morning Britain host to reply with a picture of the incident, which in fact showed Martinelli was standing in an offside position. Lineker replied: "I trust you know the offside law? Two bodies required to play you onside."