Following his remarkable return to the Masters, Tiger Woods’ prize money from his Augusta National comeback has been revealed. The 15-time major champion had been absent from competitive golf after suffering severe injuries in a high-speed car crash last February whilst in California. Many golf fans were worried that the 82-time PGA Tour winner would never compete again following the severity of the crash, with Woods later revealing that amputation to his right leg was ‘on the table’ whilst being treated in hospital. However, his sensational return came last week at the iconic Augusta National - a course he has enjoyed so much success at down the years. The five-time green jacket winner rolled back the years throughout the event, and capped off his comeback by making the cut following the opening 36 holes. As the gruelling Augusta conditions and the effects of his long-term absence kicked in, Woods struggled somewhat over the weekend, but received a deserved hero’s applause as he made his way up the 18th on Sunday. The American left the final green at the close of his week having posted 13-over-par for the event, leading him to a finish in 47th. And for his efforts, Woods collected £33,425 ($43,500) in prize money following his long-awaited return to competition. JUST IN: Scottie Scheffler sends emotional 'thank you' message to Tiger Woods after Masters win Of course his financial winnings from his week at Augusta will have been low on his priority list when making his comeback, having won over £92 million on the PGA Tour since the beginning of his career - the most of any player. In fact, the reward for Woods was just being back out there competing after what he described as a ‘tough road’. Post-tournament he said: “It’s been a tough road and, one I’m very thankful to have had the opportunity to be able to grind through it.  A lot of different things could have happened, but 14 months, I’m able to tee it up and play the Masters. I don’t think people really understand. DON'T MISSTiger Woods commits to Open Championship at 'favourite golf course'Rory McIlroy 'getting hang of Augusta' after 'miracle' shot to finish second at MastersTiger Woods 'won't play full schedule again' after Masters woes but 'thankful' to be back  “The people who are close to me understand, they’ve seen it. Some of the players who are close to me have seen it and have seen some of the pictures and the things that I have had to endure and they appreciate it probably more than anyone else because they know what it takes to do this out here at this level.” Masters champion Scottie Scheffler of course left Augusta with the biggest payday following his comfortable victory. Scheffler left with both a green jacket and £2.1 million ($2.7m), whilst second place Rory McIlroy secured £1.2 million ($1.6m) in winnings.