Celebrity chef Marcus Wareing is currently building a more rural life for himself and his cocker spaniel, Esme, on his BBC show Marcus Wareing's Tales from a Kitchen Garden. Although all started off well, in the recent installment of the series, he was reminded of the hard "reality" of having such open farmland when he realised two of his ducks had gone missing. Now 10 episodes into his show, Marcus has a flourishing garden of fruit and veg to help with his cooking and a thriving flock of animals. Just minutes into the most recent episode, he made a sad and shocking discovery. He said: "I was just on my way over to the orchard, and I thought I would walk past the pond, and I just realised there is only one duck, two have been taken. "It's such a shame, such a shame, there is only one thing that could happen, and that's the foxes, unfortunately. Read More: Piers Morgan in fresh attack on ITV day before return: 'They lost their bottle' "And I think what's happened is that they have lived in the reefs or grass rather than in the duck house. "I thought that would be ok, that would be enough - it wasn't!" So far in the series, Marcus has planted his own apple orchard and grown a variety of vegetables and plants in his garden, helping to "change the landscape" of "what he was doing" and how he cooked. Still, this episode gave him a moment to reflect on what he can do better in future. Realising his error and how unprotected certain livestock were on an evening, he said: "Of course at nighttime, that's when all the predators come out, [and] two have gone. Lost for words and shaking his head in disappointment, he spotted a way to fix the issue, which would hopefully save the life of the duck that was still there. "I could see the problem from the behaviour of the last remaining duck," he described. With the duck just pecking the food from the floating home, he added: "She hasn't worked out it's her home. She's feeding off the side of it but just not going inside. DON’T MISS…Prince Charles ‘at end of tether’ with Harry and ‘was not happy’ about meeting with Queen [LATEST]Nicole Scherzinger sparks backlash over reaction to Rudy Giuliani on The Masked Singer [LATEST]‘Throw him over the balcony!’ Eamonn Holmes savages Harry after ‘protecting’ Queen remark [LATEST] "This is a bit of a reality check, you learn fast when you are out here." Optimistically, he revealed that he would get some "more ducks", and "younger ones" that he could hopefully train to use the house for protection and night, and that would help the older now alone duck to do the same. He didn't let this setback stop his vision of building a fully working and blossoming farm. With the help of some of the UK's best farmers, gardeners and producers, he is hoping to expand his range of produce and bring in a range of new livestock that will provide him with meat, milk and eggs. During the series, the Michelin-starred chef travels up and down the country to discover the secrets of planting, rearing animals and growing vegetables, then turning them into delicious meals. Marcus and his wife Jane bought their dream property in Sussex five years ago when their three children moved to boarding schools around the area. Their children are Jake, 20, Archie, 17, and Jessie, 14. Marcus Wareing's Tales from a Kitchen Garden aires on BBC on Saturdays at 11.30am