Married At First Sight Australia has been airing on E4 and the reunion episode aired on TV earlier this week (April 25). Fans have been keen to find out which couples are still together, and Ella Ding and Brent Vitiello have raised plenty of questions. Ella has opened up about whether the couple are dating in real life. Ella was initially paired with Mitch Eynaud but they separated during the final vow ceremony. However, they appeared to be back together during the reunion dinner as they seemed very close. Since then, rumours have come to light about who Ella is dating now. Brent had been matched with Tamara Djordjevic but he and Ella had been spotted together a few times. They were pictured together in Melbourne alongside fellow MAFS star Al Perkins. READ MORE: Louis Theroux ex-wife: Star’s ‘marriage of convenience’ in New York However, Ella has shut down the claims she is in a relationship with Brent. Speaking to 9Entertainment she said: "Brent and I are not dating, we're not seeing each other, we haven't kissed. “We do hang out, we actually spend a bit of time together but I'm just not ready. Like I'm just not there.” Brent said he had been spending time with Ella but they were taking things a day at a time. He added: "We've had the conversation that if we had been matched, things would've turned out amazingly and we were a lot more suited. "We are just spending time together as really good friends, and if something happens, it does; if it doesn't, it doesn't. We're kind of open to both of it.” Both Ella and Brent are close with their co-star Al, who has since made a joint TikTok account with Brent. The bio reads "the bromance you never knew you needed". As for Ella, she has been keeping fans up to date with post-MAFS life via Instagram. In one post, featuring the star in a stunning backless dress, she said: "Before #MAFS I wasn’t much of a glamour, all the dinner parties pushed me to dress up more. I don’t hate it." DON'T MISS... Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' [VIDEO] MAFS Australia experts accused of 'open hostility' toward couple [DISCUSSION] Jackson Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jackson Lonie now? [INSIGHT] She paid tribute to her ex-husband Mitch in another post, saying: "@mnaud__ you have been a part of this #MAFS journey and made it one hell of a ride. "I thank you for the growth and so many lessons for life." Ella went on to say how her head is "so far from trusting and emotionally investing in another man". She explained how Brent is aware she is not ready for another relationship yet. Ella's husband Mitch was rumoured to have been dating Tamara before the series began. However, they denied that anything romantic came between them during filming. As for what the future looks like for Brent and Ella, they remain strictly friends at this moment in time. Brent gushed on Instagram about how Ella and his friend Al give him "more life than you can imagine".  Married At First Sight Australia is available to watch on ALL4.