Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Anne recently stepped out for their first joint outing for an important cause close to both their hearts. Anne is patron of the Royal College of Midwives (RCM) and Kate is patron of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG), and the royals stepped out to attend the London offices of both organisations that now share a headquarters on Wednesday. Kate and Anne looked delighted to be in each other’s company as they arrived at the hub, and they were welcomed by RCM chief executive Gill Walton and RCOG president Dr Edward Morris. During their visit, Anne and Kate took part in a roundtable discussion with sector experts to discuss issues with maternity care today and how to tackle inequalities. The pair were also shown demonstrations of the latest digital technology being optimised in the maternity sector. The purpose of the royals’ visit was a serious one, but the pair still found time to share a giggle during the day.  READ MORE: ‘Glamorous godmother’ Sophie Wessex’s sense of style can appeal Both royals viewed a demonstration of an Intrapartum Foetal Surveillance tool, which monitors the safety of babies during labour and alerts medical staff to start a delivery if the baby's head gets stuck in the mother's pelvis. Anne prompted laughter from those in attendance and the Duchess when she asked: "Wedged?" She also recounted her own fears that the same might have happened during one of her pregnancies, adding: "I thought, that's a bit interesting... ended up the right way up though." Professor Tim Draycott, vice president of RCOG and Professor of Obstetrics, said later: "She said she had tripped over in a horse lorry while heavily pregnant and thought that had happened."  Anne and Kate regularly appear at Royal Family events together, but this was their first as a duo on an official engagement. It is thought the request for the pair to step out together came straight from the top, from the Queen herself. The rare joint outing showed Kate and Anne certainly have a rapport, and this is perhaps based on their shared experience. As the Queen’s only daughter, Princess Anne was no stranger to the royal spotlight when she was younger, which Kate can also likely relate to right now.  DON'T MISS:Kate and William relationship timeline -From split to 11th anniversary [EXPLAINER]Why the Queen never wore Kate Middleton's wedding tiara publicly [INSIGHT]The best pictures of Kate Middleton and Prince William's wedding [PICTURES] Anne once told the ITV film Anne: The Princess Royal at 70: "The pressure that is applied to the younger members of the family, it's always worse. "That's what the media is interested in. That's hard sometimes to deal with. “But there was no social media in my day, and it's probably made it more difficult." Anne and Kate also have a lot in common personally, with both royal women known for their love of sport. Kate heads several royal sporting patronages, including her recent appointments as patron of the Rugby Football League (RFL) and Rugby Football Union (RFU). While Anne represents a breadth of sporting initiatives, and she herself is an accomplished equestrian and has competed in an Olympics. 