Arsenal icon Paul Merson has likened Antonio Conte’s Tottenham side to a Ferrari “without an engine,” and has labelled Spurs a “one-man team.” Tottenham have climbed above the Gunners in the Premier League table as both sides chase a top-four finish. Tottenham appeared to have blown their chances of securing Champions League qualification after they suffered consecutive losses to Chelsea, Southampton and Wolves earlier this year. But they got back on track when they stunned champions Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium in February and have won six of their last eight top-flight matches. That run has coincided with a huge improvement from Harry Kane, who has bagged seven goals and four assists during those eight encounters. And Merson believes Spurs’ finish to the season depends solely on the form of the England captain, saying Conte's side are like a Ferrari without an engine when he has a bad day at the office. “Arsenal are fighting a one-man team for fourth spot and the battle is going to go right down to the wire,” Merson wrote in his Daily Star column. “If Kane turns up, they can beat anybody. He turned up at the Etihad last month, was a nine out of ten, and they win the game. READ MORE: Benzema proves Rio Ferdinand wrong as Real Madrid star bags Chelsea hat-trick    “Now he's turned up against West Ham and Newcastle and they've won those games comfortably and put themselves back in the race. As long as he turns up, they're alright. But he didn't turn up at Burnley and they lost. For me they're a one-man team because he's the engine. “If you own a Ferrari it's no good without an engine in it and he's the engine. As long as Harry Kane keeps turning up, Spurs will be in there and Arsenal will be in trouble. But surely he can't keep performing this well for the rest of the season? As soon as he has one of those off-days Spurs will slip up and Arsenal will pounce.” DON'T MISSLiverpool have Carvalho deal 'done' with £7.7m fee agreed for summer signingChelsea's Mount has defiant message for Real Madrid - 'If anyone can do it, it's us'Thierry Henry's puzzled reaction when Micah Richards compared Benzema to Harry Kane      Arsenal had put themselves in prime position to finish fourth after going on an incredible run that saw them win nine times in 11 games between mid-December and mid-March. But that run came to an end when they were defeated 2-0 by Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium. And on Monday night they were completely outplayed as they were dispatched 3-0 by Crystal Palace, who are managed by former Gunners ace Patrick Vieira. Arsenal and Tottenham are both level on 54 points but, crucially, Mikel Arteta’s side have a game in hand over their north London rivals. And with the two teams set to face each other during the penultimate week of the campaign, the race for a top-four place could go right down to the wire. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 