Melanie Lawrence, 32 from Lincolnshire, fell into a spiral of serial snacking while filling her time between school runs. However, the mum shared her amazing weight loss before and after, following a fitness and diet plan she found online, which put paid to her snacking habit. She said: “It was a matter of convenience. I would skip having breakfast and then binge on crisps and chocolate in-between meals. "To save time in the evenings, I would also often eat the kids’ leftovers. “It became a lazy lifestyle that led to a lot of unexpected weight gain.” After trialing different weight loss methods that weren’t giving her results, Melanie sought to find a new approach - her last resort. "I challenged myself to do the couch to 5k challenge but no matter how much progress I made with exercise, I was undoing it with my diet. "My confidence hit rock bottom and it was impossible for me to look in the mirror any longer. READ MORE: 'Don’t shoot the messenger': Trainer says calorie deficit is 'the only way' to burn fat “I was constantly insecure with how I looked. My belly was my problem area, so wearing baggy clothes was the only way I could make myself feel comfortable when going out. It got to a point where I started to notice that older clothes weren't fitting me anymore.” Determined to turn things around for herself, Melanie set about finding something that would fit her vegan lifestyle. Melanie came across Team RH’s Life Plan in July 2020. She said: “From the get-go, everything was mapped out for me: I started out with a 15 to 20k step goal and a calculation of 1,900 calories per day. “I didn’t think I’d be able to reach my 1,900 calorie target as I was used to snacking a lot, but through tracking, I saw just how calorific the things I was eating had been.” After swapping on-the-go fixes for scoops of protein and nutrient-dense foods, Melanie lost 50lbs and dropped an incredible four dress sizes. DON'T MISSFive rules for weight loss: Essential tips from a fitness and diet guru [TIPS] Celebrity trainer claims an 'extra hour in bed' helps weight loss [HELP] Molly-Mae Hague weight loss: Daily meal plan behind 'incredible' figure [DIET] By learning about macronutrients and a non-restrictive calorie deficit, Melanie reveals she was also able to reduce her insulin levels by 70 percent - improving her diabetes care. “Being anaemic and having high cholesterol always worried me," she said. "Since tracking and giving my body the food it needs to fully function, my cholesterol is at a normal range and I have reversed my anemia. “I never thought this approach would be possible with also having coeliac disease but I’ve found something that allows me to eat whatever I want without having to worry about it impacting my personal health conditions.” In addition to Melanie's weight loss, she has since started lifting weights in her own home to transform her physique even more - creating a healthy relationship with exercise. “My partner encouraged me to lift weights for years, but I was afraid I’d look too bulky. "I can't believe I now lift weights six times a week and enjoy it. I've really toned up and love the shape my body is in. “I have found the workouts in the Life Plan app to be a great help. The idea of having goals to hit every day makes me feel great.” She concludes: "Before I lost weight, I used to hate the idea of people looking at me because I was so insecure. "I remember getting to a point where I used to dread summer coming around as it meant fewer clothes. “Now I can't wait for warmer weather so I can show off my muscle definition. "Seeing the change in my body week by week was - and still is - my biggest motivator.”