Tottenham striker Harry Kane still has another level to reach despite being near to the “perfect” player, according to Joe Hart. Kane has just been named Premier League player of the month for a joint-record seventh time and appears to be getting better and better.    Only legendary Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero has ever won the player of the month award seven times. Kane scored four goals and contributed two assists in March and now has 20 goals in 40 appearances across all competitions for Tottenham this season. The 28-year-old striker pushed hard to leave Spurs for Man City last summer, but after staying put in north London he has rediscovered his top form. Kane remains eight goals behind Mohamed Salah for the Premier League golden boot this season, but former Spurs goalkeeper Hart is backing him to catch up. "The best finisher there was Kane and [the] best player there is him," Hart told the In The Stiffs Podcast. "I was with him for three years previously with England and thought he was awesome, a top player, but he really is a top player. I saw him three years later and it wasn’t just because I was with him every day it’s because this lunatic is still improving. He’s still getting better because of his mentality and work-ethic. JUST IN: Murtough names 3 qualities that make Fernandes the perfect Man Utd ace  "He’s a phenom. Some people when they have good days they’re unplayable. When he has a good day he’s actually perfect. His heading, his pass, his touch, his finishing. He’s [as good as I’ve played with] and I’ve played with some good ones!" As well as finding form for Tottenham, Kane is nearing history for England too. The Three Lions skipper now has 49 goals – four short of Wayne Rooney’s all-time record of 53 – in just 69 games for his country. Kane is now level with Sir Bobby Charlton in the England goal scoring charts after netting a penalty in the 2-1 friendly win over Switzerland last week.  DON'T MISS Fernandes hints next Man Utd boss may have Pogba successor in Garner Pique’s funny story about Ronaldo looking in the mirror at Man Utd Glazers have made clever call as Man Utd explore Ten Hag appointment “It is amazing company to be with,” Kane told Sky Sports. “Super proud to be doing that but we look forward to the next one. A big year ahead to get more caps and more goals. I will be ready for Tuesday but it is down to the manager." After playing in both of England’s matches over the international break, Kane is now back with Tottenham for a key period of Premier League matches. Spurs face Newcastle at home on Sunday as they attempt to chase down rivals Arsenal in the race for a Champions League qualification spot. Antonio Conte’s side are currently fifth, three points behind the Gunners, who have a game in hand. 