The expat, who lives in the Spanish countryside, explained they had found shotgun cartridges on their land and that local hunters had also turned up to his property to shoot birds and small animals. The expat explained on the online forum: "Spanish hunters in the campo [countryside]. When I had a look around my land I found a shotgun cartridge. "My partner's father had to tell someone to get lost who just came onto our lane and started taking pot-shots at the small birds. "Is this normal out in the campo?" he asked. The British expat expressed his concern over his dogs, who roam free in the countryside state. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section here READ MORE: Marbella is Europe’s most exclusive destination  He continued: "I’ve heard this is a tradition and sparrows and smaller birds are a Spanish delicacy. "Can’t believe people just rock up onto your land with a firearm though. "I don’t want my dogs getting shot if they take a dislike to random people with guns coming across the land." The British expat added: "Just seems daft shooting tiny birds with a powerful shotgun. Like shooting a rabbit with a rocket launcher. Everyone seems to have guns in the country."  Other expats shared their thoughts with one explaining it is hard for hunters to know whose land they are on when there are no fences. However, another clarified hunters are not allowed within 300 metres of a house. They said: "Round our way there is little we can do to stop them cutting/walking across and as they've been doing it for donkey's years, we tend to accept it, it's not often anyway. "We don't have dogs but their dogs will come quite close to the house even if the hunters are a long way off." Hunting is a common practice in Spain but only in rural areas. Although it is a fairly safe tradition, in the last decade, over 100 hunters have died while hunting, according to Federcaza. How can Britons stay safe during hunting season in Spain? Spain has two different hunting seasons: spring and autumn. The spring season runs from April to July. Britons should always stay on marked pathways and avoid venturing into unmarked areas. People are advised to wear bright clothing when going for walks in rural areas If there is a hunt around the area, people should make their presence known to the hunters but without shouting. The best thing to do so is by moving to a clearing and avoid hiding. Keep dogs on leads to avoid being mistaken for a target. If people find themselves in an area where people are hunting or hear gunshots they should immediately put the dog on the lead and head away from the shooting area.