When Meghan Markle and Prince Harry stepped back as working royals they decided to no longer use their HRH titles but retained the right to be the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The dukedom was given to the royal couple by the Queen as a wedding day gift. At the time Buckingham Palace said in a statement: “The Sussexes will not use their HRH titles as they are no longer working members of the Royal Family.” Adding: “With The Queen's blessing, the Sussexes will continue to maintain their private patronages and associations. “While they can no longer formally represent the Queen, the Sussexes have made clear that everything they do will continue to uphold the values of Her Majesty.” Meghan and Harry have since faced calls to give up their official titles, including ahead of the release of their new Netflix and Spotify content. In a poll that ran from 10am to 4pm on Tuesday, April 12, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Meghan Markle have her royal title removed now?” In total, a whopping 7,896 votes were cast with hundreds of comments left below the accompanying article. The dominant answer was “yes” winning by a landslide of 99 percent (7,691 people) of votes cast. Just one percent (109 people) answered “no” and six people said they did not know. Username deeeldee said: “Of course she should be divested of all and everything associating her with our Royal Family.” And username anetWCQ1958 said: “Yes they should definitely be removed. “She continues to use her royal title and the privilege that goes with it to promote herself and benefit financially.” Username paddy47 wrote: “Yes they resigned.” DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry get armed police protection in Holland - as Dutch also won't let Duke pay [LATEST]Harry and Meghan to 'hitch a ride' with Dutch royals in security twist [LIVE BLOG]Disgraced Prince Andrew shuts down another business venture in further blow to Duke [UPDATE] Meanwhile username Merley2006 commented that it was “Long overdue!”. Username Halpilk said: “It should have been removed a long time ago!” Some thought that Harry should have his Duke of Sussex title removed as well. Username JibberJabber said “Yes - but then they BOTH should have their titles removed.” And username Gobbledygook said: “Way past that time, for both of them.” Username Monkeytunes1 said: “Both of them should have had their titles removed when they decided to stop royal duties and pursue a life outside the Royal Family.” However, others felt that she should keep her Duchess of Sussex title. Username Pino72u said: “No. She is married to the Queen's grandson and irrespective of what we think of her it is what it is.” Despite the Queen’s ability to grant dukedoms, she cannot remove them without a statute being passed through Parliament.