Many homeowners are looking for ways to boost the value of their homes in new and atypical ways. Orangeries are brick structures that are sometimes added onto a property with large windows and a flat roof with a glass lantern in the centre. An orangery is not the same as a conservatory which tends to have a glass structure, a brick base and a pitched, glazed roof. Now, property development expert and interior designer Rudolph Diesel has explained exclusively to Express.co.uk how an orangery is an “underrated” way to add value to “any home”. The interior expert, who is the principle interior designer for several property development firms in London, said his clients are currently asking him about summer home improvements. The Managing director of Rudolph Diesel London said adding an orangery rather than an extension can help homeowners who have a property where there is a “disconnect” between the home and the garden. He continued: “Orangeries are that hybrid between the home and the garden. READ MORE: What to do with your daffodils once they've finished flowering “That’s another addition that adds value to any home for not a significant amount of money. “For a standard terrace house, you would probably look at £75,000 to do a nice orangery. “If you think that same money can be spent on a loft conversion.” Rudolph said homeowners will not only be broadening the footprint of their home but adding more light to it.  DON'T MISSLawn: ‘Always’ follow the ‘one third rule’ when mowing grass [INSIGHT]Property for sale: Hydrangeas and other plants to add home value [UPDATE]Briton loses £2,500 after convincing rental scam [ANALYSIS] The interior designer said this can also be added onto a home to create a bigger room, for example, a kitchen. He said homeowners who perhaps don’t have money for a lower ground floor or excavation work, can add an orangery and create a bigger kitchen and add an island. He also said this will help to “bring the family together”. “Rather than your typical extension, this is another way to do it which I think is quite underrated,” he continued. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “A lot of people don’t think about this option necessarily.” An orangery can add as much as 15 percent to the value of a home, according to The Glazing People. An orangery is likely to cost more than a conservatory but there are added benefits to choosing an orangery. Orangeries have more solid wall and roofing than a conservatory which means they can retain more heat than a conservatory.  Unlike some conservatories, an orangery can be used throughout the year. Adding heating or air conditioning will ensure it can be used all year. An orangery can be a better option than an extension as the material used to build them is often less expensive. The installation time for the average orangery is also between 3-5 weeks, depending on the size, which is a shorter time period than building an extension.