Speaking at The Mansion House in the City of London Ms Truss slammed Beijing for failing to condemn Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, arguing that China won’t “continue to rise” if it doesn’t trade with the G7. The Foreign Secretary said that the G7, which is made up of the largest developed countries, comprises “over half” the global economy.  She said: “China is not impervious. They will not continue to rise if they do not play by the rules. “China needs trade with the G7. We represent around half of the global economy. And we have choices. “We have shown with Russia the kind of choices that we’re prepared to make when international rules are violated.” Ms Truss argued that the international system and rules set up to ensure peace and prosperity had failed due to a “desperate rogue operator” in the form of Russian President Vladimir Putin, who has no interest in international norms.  The South West Norfolk MP added that any effective change was blocked by Russia’s veto on the United Nations Security Council, something described as a “green light” for “barbarism”. She said: “Russia is able to block any effective action in the UN Security Council. Putin sees his veto as a green light to barbarism.” Ms Truss insisted that the Western allies need to “double down” in their support for Kyiv and work to “push Russia out of Ukraine.” The former Chief Secretary to the Treasury said that recent months should be “a catalyst for wider change” and that a “new approach” was needed. READ MORE: PMQs: 'They spent £27k on EU flags!' Boris savages Labour for ...  She said: “Now we need a new approach, one that melds hard security and economic security, one that builds stronger global alliances and where free nations are more assertive and self-confident, one that recognises geopolitics is back.” This would involve an increase in defence spending, with the NATO minimum of two percent of national income a “floor not a ceiling.” Ms Truss added that Finland and Sweden should be allowed to join NATO if they wish and be integrated into the alliance “as soon as possible”, while non-members such as Georgia and Moldova should have the ability to maintain their sovereignty and freedom. The Foreign Secretary added that the traditionally Eurocentric NATO needed to adopt a “global outlook” working with allies such as Australia and Japan to ensure that countries such as Taiwan are protected. DON'T MISS: Archbishop of Canterbury rages at migrant masterplan [REVEAL] Boris plan to end the Brexit protocol row with EU  [INSIGHT] Newsnight: US official accused of escalating Russia  [SPOTLIGHT]  Ms Truss emphasised that the alliance had to “stand up to” aggressors who seek to exploit their economic power to control and coerce others. She said: “Access to the global economy must depend on playing by the rules. There can be no more free passes. “We are showing this with the Russia-Ukraine conflict – Russia’s pass has been rescinded. “The G7 should act as an economic NATO, collectively defending our prosperity. "If the economy of a partner is being targeted by an aggressive regime we should act to support them. All for one and one for all.”