Dan Wootton welcomed Extinction Rebellion protester Chris onto his GB News show to discuss the ongoing disruption being caused by the climate campaign’s tactics. The presenter furiously hit out at the activist as he claimed members of the protest weren’t aware of the UK’s carbon emission figures. Dan argued: “I showed all of those protesters speaking to my producer Ben, they didn’t even know the amount of carbon the UK emits, that it’s one percent. “These people don’t know what they’re talking about, do they? It’s like a cult, it’s like you’re all brainwashed.” Chris hit back: “Well, on the surface Dan it’s one percent but let’s be honest you phrase the question quite wrong. “The real amount of emissions the UK are responsible for [is much higher]. Read more: GB News guest on what Tory MPs are using to determine Boris's fate “In the City of London alone they are funding fossil fuel projects all over the world.” Elsewhere in the debate, Dan vented: “Chris, I believe you are one of the folk arrested recently at Extinction Rebellion’s blockade at the Gateshead Amazon depot. “Do you think it’s smart to waste police time like you’re doing when they should be focussed on solving crimes?” Chris replied: “Well, to be honest I think a lot of Extinction Rebellion would wish the police weren’t as involved in our activism. “Our human rights dictate that we have a fundamental right to protest. It’s covered under Articles 10 and 11 of the European Convention for Human Rights.” “Chris, I’ve got to pick you up there,” Dan interrupted. “This is not activism, it’s criminal behaviour, it’s eco-terrorism. “Protest all you like but you’re not doing that, are you? You’re breaking the law.” “The sad reality is if there’s no disruption these issues aren’t noticed,” Chris hit back. DON'T MISSColeen Nolan recalls meeting Jimmy Savile when 14 'Licked my hand' [INSIGHT]'No appetite for Meghan to come back' Royal expert says [VIDEO]Carole Malone clashes with 15-year-old Stop Oil protester on GB News [INTERVIEW] “I think we both know that I got this slot on this show tonight because of the disruption of his protest. “I don’t see you inviting Friends of the Earth or Greenpeace to discuss these issues. “It’s the reason why Extinction Rebellion is so well known is because of the disruptive tactics. “And it’s working, as well, it’s completely shifted the debate on climate change.” GB News viewers disagreed with the Extinction Rebellion spokesperson as @made_63 tweeted: “They’re not working, all they’re doing is annoying people. Any support XR may have had from the public is fast fading away.” @KelvinW17012206 added: “Definitely being noticed. Definitely not working.” “The only thing it's doing is putting the public's back up by stopping people being able to go about their business,” @QprfcPaul wrote. GB News kicks off with Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel on weekdays at 6am.