CIA Director William Burns on Thursday said that the threat of Russia potentially using tactical or low-yield nuclear weapons in Ukraine cannot be taken lightly. However, the CIA has not seen a lot of practical evidence reinforcing that concern, he added.  Earlier on Thursday, Dmitry Medvedev, deputy chairman of Russia's Security Council and a close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin, warned NATO that Moscow would deploy nuclear weapons and hypersonic missiles in Kaliningrad, a Russian enclave in the heart of Europe, if Sweden and Finland joined the Atlantic alliance. He said on his Telegram channel: “It will no longer be possible to talk about any non-nuclear status of the Baltics – the balance must be restored.” Mr Medvedev claimed NATO was a US plot to undermine Russia and would not give Finland or Sweden any extra defence. He said: “No sane person wants higher prices and taxes, increased tensions along their borders, Iskanders, hypersonics and ships with nuclear weapons literally at arm's length from their own home.  “Let's hope that the sanity of our northern neighbours still wins out.” Mr Burns was speaking at Georgia Tech about the “potential desperation” and setbacks dealt by Putin, whose forces have suffered heavy losses and have been forced to retreat from some parts of northern Ukraine after failing to capture Kyiv. He said: “For those reasons, none of us can take lightly the threat posed by a potential resort to tactical nuclear weapons or low-yield nuclear weapons. “That said, despite rhetorical posturing by the Kremlin about putting the world's largest nuclear arsenal on high alert, we haven't seen a lot of practical evidence of the kind of deployments or military dispositions that would reinforce that concern.” READ MORE: ‘It would backfire’ Ireland rejects EU states' call to join NATO The CIA director’s comment came in response to a question from the former US. Senator Sam Nunn, a leading arms control advocate, at the end of the CIA chief's first public speech since taking the helm of the premier US spy agency in March 2021. Mr Burns explained President Joe Biden sent him to Moscow in November “to convey directly to Putin and several of his closest advisers the depths of our concern about his planning for war, and the consequences for Russia” if they proceeded. He said “I was troubled by what I heard,” saying that while Putin may not have made a final decision, he appeared convinced his forces would “achieve a quick decisive victory at minimal costs”. The CIA director said that Putin believed Washington's European allies were distracted by their own domestic politics and he had a “sanctions-proof” war chest of foreign currency reserves. DON'T MISS:‘Leading from front’ Remainer Stanley Johnson U-turns on UK's EU exitRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's 'shocking' snub Meghan Markle and Prince Harry joined by US presidential delegation