This year, the Queen will celebrate her 70th year on the throne on February 6, 2022. While the official Platinum Jubilee bank holiday is happening on June 2 and 3, 2022, it’s never too early to celebrate the monumental occasion. There are several royal warranted brands and companies that have released special edition merchandise to celebrate the event and according to research from eBay, demand for jubilee plates have have risen by 383 percent on its site. Whether you’re after a traditional tea towel, collectibles or mug, there’s plenty of homeware to suit what you’re looking for. There’s also special memorabilia you can buy including the 2022 Platinum Jubilee coin and Royal Mail stamps. Here is a guide with the best tea towels, mugs and gifts you can buy to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in 2022. READ MORE: The Queen's favourite moisturiser now on sale for 26 percent off Where to buy Meghan Markle's favourite Tignanello wine online Save £50 off Princess Diana’s wedding day perfume in sale - where to buy Celebrate the Queen’s reign with this beautifully illustrated mug by Emma Bridgewater. Printed with her ascension and 70th year on, it’s also patterned with the heraldic lion, unicorn symbols and crown motifs. Buy on John Lewis (£22) Enjoy this delectable collection of teatime treats and celebrate the royal event with this set from Cartwright & Butler. Including shortbread, Ceylon black tea and bergamot and chocolate biscuits, it also comes in a beautiful tin box. Buy on Cartwright & Butler (£16) For the first time, the Royal Mint has created on a UK 50p coin to celebrate a royal event. Featuring a portrait of Her Majesty the Queen and a design by agency Osborne Ross, this is a beautiful keepsake with a lot of special value. Buy on The Royal Mint (£7) Carry around your belongings or groceries in this stylish shopper bag from Harrods. Embroidered with a graphic of the Platinum Jubilee, it’s a memorable item that you can use for long after the event. Buy on Harrods (£30) Made from pure cotton, this tea towel is a traditional design and customers can choose between a relaxed or formal image of the Queen. Sure to be displayed for years, it looks great in any kitchen. Buy on eBay (£10 up) Drink this beautiful blend of teas from India, Ceylon and China to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee. Brew and enjoy with cucumber sandwiches and biscuits. Buy on Fortnum & Mason (£5.95) A simple, bold design, this elegant mug is staking with a green colour and has 70 glorious years illustrated on. It also makes a wonderful gift for a loved one. Buy on John Lewis (£22) This limited-edition coin cover is the perfect item to buy to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee. With a beautiful decorative design by artist John Bergdahl, it features the coin alongside eight new stamps by Royal Mail. Buy on The Royal Mint (£19.99) Decorate your home with this bunting banner that has a Union Jack style design with the Platinum Jubilee dates on. Perfect for indoors and outdoors, you can also reuse it for every royal occasion. Buy on Amazon (£4.95) Elegant and traditional, this cup and saucer set features the Queen’s portrait on a porcelain design. It’s perfect for royal fans and serve the Jubilee Blend tea in it. Buy on Amazon (£15.99) Striking as both tableware and house decor, commemorate the Jubilee with a plate and this stunning Emma Bridgewater design is perfect for any setting. Made from steel, it’s dated 1952 - 2022 to signify her long reign. Buy on John Lewis (£10) Perfect to also play with children, this popular jigsaw is full of royal smiles and has been specially reissued for this year’s Jubilee. Through the jigsaw, see the queen’s many expressions and when you’ve finished piecing it together, hang it in a beautiful frame. Buy on John Lewis (£15.99) Ideal for a family gathering or party, adorn your home with this royal Union Jack garland to enjoy Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Plus, you can reuse the decorations throughout the summer for outdoor events. Buy on John Lewis (£8)