Amazon Music Unlimited unlocks access to 75 million tracks for a single monthly fee. The music streaming service usually costs £9.99 a month, but there are usually some stellar deals around. And right now, you can secure one month of Amazon Music Unlimited for free. Unless you decide to cancel, you'll be charged a rolling monthly subscription when the trial period expires. However, if you decide to cancel before that deadline, you'll pay nothing for the unlimited high-resolution music streaming on all of your devices. Given that Apple recently decided to pull its three-month trial period for Apple Music in the UK and Spotify doesn't offer a free trial, but instead offers a free subscription tier with a number of limitations (no offline listening, no ability to pick and choose tracks from an album), this Amazon Music Unlimited deal is one of the best music streaming offers out there. Amazon Music is a streaming service that rivals Spotify, TiDAL and Apple Music. It packs over 75 million songs, which can be streamed from a smartphone, tablet, Mac or PC, Fire TV, Sonos, and of course, Amazon Echo smart speakers. Subscribers can rely on hands-free voice assistant Alexa to request individual tracks, albums, playlists, podcasts, and even quote lines from their favourite tracks to find the correct song. Unlike Spotify, Amazon bundles higher quality music streaming as standard with its subscription. Music Unlimited's High Definition streaming tier boasts double the bitrate of standard definition streaming services. The quality is much closer to what you'd expect from a CD. For comparison, Spotify Premium subscribers can expect tracks to have a bitrate (this is the amount of data transferred per second and has a direct impact on sound quality) of roughly 320kbps (when set to the Very High quality setting within the app). The same song burned onto a CD will have a bit rate of 1,411kbps. That's more than four times the amount of data stored for the same 3-minute track. As such, it's hardly surprising that the files are much bigger – and that the sound quality is so dramatically improved. If you're currently listening on Spotify with the audio settings set to Normal or Low, you can expect a meagre 96- and 24kbps, respectively. Ouch. On top of that, Amazon Music Unlimited also includes support for Dolby Atmos and 360 Reality Audio, which works like a surround sound system for your favourite tracks. With the right pair of headphones or smart speaker from Amazon, you'll be able to hear the instruments and vocals in physical space around you. Outside of the three-month free trial, most subscribers will pay £9.99 a month to access the entire library from Amazon Music Unlimited. However, if you're already a member of Amazon Prime, you'll be able to unlock a discount on your monthly plan. Prime members will be able to subscribe to the same music streaming service for £7.99 a month. Want to save more money? If you pay for an annual subscription upfront, Amazon will only charge £79. That means you'll be able to access the streaming service for 12-months for the cost of just 10-months. Amazon Prime currently costs £79 a year. For that, you'll get next-day delivery on thousands of items (and same-day delivery in some areas), access to boxsets, live sports fixtures and movies on Prime Video, unlimited cloud backup for all photos, and more.