Kate Middleton and Prince William were recently seen spending the Easter weekend in Windsor Castle where they attended church with other members of the Royal Family. But usually the family choose to holiday in their Norfolk residence Anmer Hall. This is also where the couple spent the majority of lockdown in 2020. Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three, have often been photographed at Anmer Hall playing in the vast gardens. The Cambridges used to live full-time in Anmer Hall when William was a helicopter pilot in the East Anglian Air Ambulance. However, from 2017 onwards William devoted all his time to being a member of the Royal Family, which meant a permanent move to London where George and Charlotte began attending school. Anmer Hall has frequently hosted the Duke and Duchess and their three children during school holidays and during national lockdowns.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle's speech shows 'astonishing differences' with Harry The couple homeschooled their children from their Norfolk home in 2020, which they renovated between 2013 and 2014 for £1.5million. They continued to conduct royal engagements there via video calls, which gave the public glimpses inside the royal abode. Wayfair’s Resident Style Advisor, Nadia McCowan Hill, told Express.co.uk that Kate’s “accessible” style choices have been extended through the family home. The expert explained: “The Duchess of Cambridge is often seen as the pioneer of down to earth royal style and after sharing a glimpse into her country residence of Amner Hall, it is clear that her more accessible style choices have been extended throughout these interiors.  “Within the family drawing-room, the Duchess’ love of nature is mirrored through the abundance of greenery on display. “The pairing of simple ferns with ornate orchids reflects her elegant, but warm and inviting persona. “The look has been carefully curated, with a large, antique mirror ensuring that light is bounced around the room and the space feels open and modern, a suitable environment for a young family. “Decorative wall plates have come back in vogue for 2021, with the popular ‘platescaping’ trend on the rise.  “It is no surprise that the fashion-conscious royal has incorporated this trend effortlessly into her own home, opting for a subtle and cohesive pattern that works well within this timeless scheme.” With subtle hints of colour in each room, Sylvia James from Homehow shared how the interior of Anmer Hall is “traditional” yet “sophisticated” to Express.co.uk. The expert added: “It entwines the beautiful 19th-century design with contemporary features, which should both stand the test of time. “Anmer Hall is a concoction of both classic and modern styles, which has been carefully mixed together with the help of the Duke and Duchess’ designer Ben Penreath.  “He is known for his traditional yet modern aesthetic, as Amner Hall maintains its stunning 19th-century architectural design alongside more contemporary décor. “This includes wicker and bamboo furnishings, as well as neutral textures throughout the property. “More modern elements can be found in the form of bright colours. “For example, the dining room is supposedly painted a beautiful jewel green which will help it stand out from the rest of the home.” The country home is located in the Queen's Sandringham Estate and was gifted to the Duke and Duchess by the Queen following their wedding. Since their wedding in 2011, both William and Kate have been spotted in the local area shopping, visiting pubs and taking the children to enjoy activities such as pottery painting. 