Over the past year, the UK has been looking for a way out of the current energy crisis that has caused electricity bills in households to skyrocket. Fuelled by geopolitical tensions between Russia and NATO over Ukraine, and a global bounceback of energy demands after a pandemic induced lockdown, wholesale gas prices reached record highs in the past year.  These crises have made the UK accelerate its transition to renewable energies, with a particular focus on offshore wind, which the UK has incredible potential for. Now, the UK has unveiled plans for £300million offshore wind factory, that is set to be the largest facility of its type in the world Developed by SeAH Wind Ltd, the plant will serve the offshore wind sector and will form the foundations of offshore wind turbine construction. Ben Houchen, the mayor of Tees Valley shared the announcement on Twiiter saying: New images of SeAH Wind’s £300million mammoth offshore wind plant unveiled “  “Plans submitted for 1.13m sqft factory that’s also 40 metres tall! “Part of the #TeessideFreeport it will create 2,250 jobs in total.” “Construction is due to get underway in July”. Secretary for the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy, MP Kwasi Kwarteng added: “Britain's offshore wind industry is booming. “We are determined to ensure our workforce and supply chain can fully share in the sector’s success. READ MORE: Brexit Britain to replace Russia as 'energy exporter to EU'  “We've secured five new offshore wind manufacturers to the UK in the past year, like SeAH Wind on Teesside.” Experts from the Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit (ECIU) have predicted that the UK could already reap the benefits of its investment in renewables, with paybacks of some £660million forecast during the current gas troubles and up to £26billion possible in a future crisis. Experts have noted that the UK’s incredible wind potential could propel it into becoming a major energy exporter to the EU. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Zoisa North-Bond, CEO of Octopus Energy Generation, said “Actually, into the future, we shouldn't be afraid of building as quickly as we possibly can. DON'T MISS: New mutant 'XE' Omicron variant could be most transmissible yet [REPORT] Putin humiliated as Britain refuses Russia's plan to boost economy [REVEAL] World War 3 risk ‘high’ as China, North Korea and Iran exploit West [INSIGHT]  “We can absolutely be a major exporter of energy over the next decade or two. “It's been given attention five or six years ago, about a lot of interconnectors we have with Europe, and it would be great to see a focus on that again. “I don't think anyone should be afraid of building lots of renewables, particularly if we can get interconnectors with Europe in place and export them that way.” The researchers' analysis has indicated that as more turbines come online and increase in cost-effectiveness, wind could end up paying back up to £6.7billion in a year in the event of another gas crisis in the near future. This, the researchers explained, is equivalent to an annual saving of £85 per UK household. 