His remarks come as Vladimir Putin announced a shake-up to his military top brass over the weekend. The Kremlin strongman appointed General Alexander Dvornikov as the new commander of Russian forces in Ukraine. The 60-year-old has a reputation for using brutal tactics against civilians from his time as the head of Russian troops in Syria in 2015-16. Riho Terras served as the Chief of Defence of Estonia from 2011 until 2018 and is currently a member of the European parliament. The former General told Express.co.uk that Russian atrocities are likely to be "much worse" in the coming days and weeks and that "we have not seen the scale of killed people yet in this campaign". He said: "Ukrainians understand that if they give up territory then atrocities like Bucha will happen to their nation. "So they have nothing to lose and Russia will have massive attacks, concentrated attacks trying to besiege a certain portion of the Ukrainian eastern army group which is defending Donbas. "So if you concentrate a massive attack against one city - say Kharkiv - then the atrocities will be much bigger. "I myself have already said we have not seen the scale of killed people yet in this campaign. "If they will concentrate on one city by one city that will be worse, much worse - we should know that." The appointment of General Dvornikov has increased fears that Russia will step up its attacks on civilians, as it seeks to take more territories in the east of Ukraine. Jake Sullivan, the US national security adviser, pointed to the General's track record for atrocities in Syria. He told reporters: "This particular general has a résumé that includes brutality against civilians in other theatres – in Syria – and we can expect more of the same. “This general will just be another author of crimes and brutality against Ukrainian civilians, and the United States is determined to do all that we can to support the Ukrainians as they resist him and the forces that he commands.” READ MORE: Desperate Putin does 'hatchet job' on 'Russophobic' Wikipedia The Kremlin has been regrouping and strengthening its forces in the east of the country ahead of what is expected to be a new major Russian offensive to take the Donbas region. Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenksy told South Korean politicians on Monday that Russia is amassing tens of thousands of soldiers in preparation for another attack. Mr Terras said he believed that the Russian army would try to push as far as the left bank of the river Dniepr in the next phase of its military campaign. He explained: "Russia has understood that they need to do lessons learned and that is not to attack on five axes but to concentrate on one objective and take that objective, then concentrate on the next objective. "I think the limit is in my opinion the Dniepr river. I think over the Dniepr would be very difficult for the Russians to go." DON'T MISS Dolphin show brings joy to Ukrainian refugees [REVEAL]Boris Johnson defended over Ukraine visit 'Not a PR stunt' [SPOTLIGHT]Putin’s 'deep worry' of Russian revolt years before Ukraine invasion [INSIGHT] However, he insisted that the Ukrainian army was capable of repelling the Russian attack, but it could only do so if it was supplied with the right weapons. He urged NATO members to send as many weapons as Kyiv asked for and to send not just defensive but also offensive arms. The Estonian MEP said: "The Ukrainians are able to win this battle, so that only tells me we have to give them weapons, as much they ask. "These weapons will be air defence, multiple rocket launchers, battle tanks, armoured vehicles and ballistic missiles - harpoon type. He added: "They (NATO) should supply seven times more (weapons). "I think we are giving them just one day of supplies in the week and we need to give them seven days of supply. Then the Ukrainians are able to defend."