Kevin Magnussen has revealed the first words spoken to him by new team-mate Mick Schumacher was ‘suck my b****’. However, the young German star was referring to a clip of Magnussen saying the same thing back in 2017. At the Hungarian Grand Prix, the Renault of Nico Hulkenberg ran wide trying to pass Magnussen at the right turn two. Tensions spilt over after the race with Hulkenberg approaching Magnussen in the media pen. The Renault driver said: “Once again, the most unsporting driver on the grid.” Magnussen simply responded: “Suck my balls mate." Speaking to Sport Bild, Magnussen said the comment was critical to establishing the relationship the Haas pair now share. Magnussen explained: “[Schumacher’s] very first words to me were ‘suck my balls!’. READ MORE: Mick Schumacher breaks silence on Ferrari plans “Mick has a good sense of humour. From that moment it was clear to me we would have a good relationship. “Mick is extremely nice and very relaxed. He doesn’t pretend and isn’t aloof. That’s not a given for Formula 1 drivers. I respect him a lot. He’s a top driver. Many say he’s only in Formula 1 because of his last name. That’s not true. “He withstood the pressure his name brings and delivered.” Magnussen joined Schumacher at Haas after Russian driver Nikita Mazepin was let go by the team ahead of the first race of the season. DON'T MISSMick Schumacher backs Max Verstappen as he plots to copy Red Bull star [INSIGHT]Mercedes boss Toto Wolff confirms Haas may get cost cap break [ANALYSIS]Mick Schumacher backed despite horror crash in Steiner inquest calls [COMMENT] However, the Dane has starred on his return to the team, scoring 15 points already this season. Schumacher has praised Magnussen's arrival at the team, claiming he feels ‘more comfortable’ this season. He said both drivers are learning from each other and admitted both drivers share every piece of information obtained on track. He said: “He does bring a lot to the team and it's great to have him on board and to be able to learn from. I have to say I feel more comfortable this year in the construction of how it is and how we have a working relationship. I think it is pretty great "You have to recentre and realign your expectations. Last year, the expectations were to be, hopefully, in P16. This year, we can actually be in P5 if everything goes right.”