A poll of 2,000 adults, who sold their vehicle in the last five years, found that over half (54 percent) believe they received less than their car was worth when handing over the keys. The motorists, on average, received £977 for their motor. Additionally, two-thirds of drivers fear they have been “ripped off” when selling their vehicle because they did not know enough about cars. Some 85 percent of those polled, via OnePoll, said their priority was simply to get rid of their vehicle as quickly as possible. And this apparent lack of time may explain why a third of those who have sold their car in the past five years did not look around to get the best price for their vehicle. The research, commissioned by Motorway, found more than one in ten (12 percent) did not even consult valuation guides to find out what their vehicle was actually worth. READ MORE: Driver fined for parking on motorway hard shoulder A spokesman for the online-only used car marketplace said: “Selling your vehicle can be a headache for many, particularly if you don’t feel confident in your knowledge of cars. “But there is an easy and simple way to sell your car online for a good price.” The study also found three-quarters (76 percent) were daunted at just the thought of what selling their car entails. As a result, seven in ten consumers actively avoided selling their car, amid concerns that doing so would be a hassle. DON'T MISSElectric vehicle charging network will be 99 percent reliable [REVEAL] UK drivers spent over £18billion on car repairs last year [INSIGHT] Driver fined for parking on motorway hard shoulder [SHOCKING] And a further 69 percent revealed they would accept less than the market value for their vehicle in order to make the process easier. However, 62 percent admitted they have regretted rushing to sell cars in the past – because they received less money for them as a result. Just one in seven (14 percent) of those polled said they were “very confident” they got a good price for their car. The news comes after it was revealed that drivers in the UK have spent over £18billion on car repairs last year. New research conducted by vehicle repairs service bumper.co.uk found that, of those who needed repairs, UK drivers spent an average of £803 last year on fixing their vehicle. The research asked 2,320 UK drivers over the age of 18 if they needed vehicle repairs in the last 12 months. Almost two-thirds (64 percent) of those questioned said they did have to pay for repairs in the past 12 months. The average cost was £803. The lowest repair cost stated was just £37, while the highest was £1,796. The latest National Travel Survey conducted by the Department for Transport estimated that there are approximately 35.9million driving licence holders in the UK. When multiplied by the average cost that drivers admit spending in the past year on vehicle repairs, this would mean that drivers who required motor repairs in the past year collectively spent an estimated £18.5billion. The cities with the highest repair costs were London - £1,796; Oxford - £1,587; Bristol - £1,267; Birmingham - £1,112; Exeter - £1,098. The cities that reported the lowest repair costs were Liverpool (£37), Newcastle (£61), and Cardiff (£85).