Mr Biden will be feeling a sense of “relief” in relation to Mr Macron’s reelection as there had been “worry” about the implications of a Marine Le Pen victory, according to White House Correspondent Kethevane Gorjestani. Ms Gorjestani pointed out that there has been “very close” cooperation between Mr Biden and Mr Macron particularly in relation to Ukraine. He called France the USA's oldest ally in his latest tweet to the French President.  She said: “There hasn’t really been any public besides the tweet that we finally got from President Biden a few minutes before we came on air. “Congratulating President Macron, calling him our oldest ally and key partner in addressing global challenges. “He said Biden said he was ‘looking forward to our continued close cooperation including on supporting Ukraine and defending democracy and countering climate change’. “That’s the first public statement by President Biden about Emmanuel Macron’s reelection but as you’ve said this is really some relief for Joe Biden.  “Because as he’s hinted in that tweet there has been very close cooperation between Joe Biden and Emmanuel Macron especially when it comes to the war in Ukraine. “Basically Emmanuel Macron was sort of Joe Biden’s go to in Europe when it came to getting those Western allies together united on sanctions against Russia.” Ms Gorjestani argued that the row between Paris and Washington over the AUKUS defence deal which excluded France was a “wake up call”. She said: “This cooperation has been going on after the AUKUS deal and the crisis that happened at the time between the US and France.  READ MORE: Putin filmed 'grimacing and biting his lip' in latest Kremlin footage  “After that crisis, it seems that the crisis was kind of a wake up call and strengthened the cooperation between France and the US at all levels. “Whether it’s between the leaders or between their administrations, their staffs. “You’ve really seen at least two leaders working hand in hand, especially when it comes to Ukraine. “And there was before the second round when I was speaking to some people in the administration or even in congress. DON'T MISS:  Macron's victory night in tatters with Paris deadly protests  [REVEAL] Moscow in FLAMES: Misery for Putin as huge plumes of smoke engulf sky [INSIGHT] Biden praise the defence of Kyiv  [SPOTLIGHT]  “This worry that if Marine Le Pen were to be elected , there will be a huge challenge to that Western alliance, that NATO alliance. “The battle between democracies and autocracies as Joe Biden put it. “So yes there is some relief here in Washington and there will likely be maybe in the coming hours, maybe in the coming days a call between Joe Biden and Emmanuel Macron.” 