Manchester United have submitted a written offer to Erik ten Hag, according to reports. And the Ajax boss also feels he’s got what it takes to re-awaken the Old Trafford outfit, who have endured a troublesome campaign under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick so far. While Mauricio Pochettino was previously the frontrunner to take over, it’s now his 52-year-old rival who looks set to be given the keys to the fallen giants in the summer. According to De Telegraaf, United have provided Ten Hag with a ‘written offer’ as well as Bundesliga side RB Leipzig. And the Dutchman feels that, if he takes over at Old Trafford, he’s got what it takes to bring the glory days back. Ten Hag’s contract at Ajax expires in 2023 but they’re willing to let him go now, after nearly five successful years in Amsterdam. They had previously received signals he was ready to stay put yet, with United and Leipzig now pushing hard, a parting of the ways is on the cards. Even though Leipzig are tailor-made for Ten Hag, his preference is to manage in the Premier League instead. Ten Hag wants to be given at least one full season to make his mark and stamp his authority on the side. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And he also wants a big say in squad rebuilding, with the Red Devils facing a crucial summer ahead. Paul Pogba is likely to leave on a free transfer, with Paris Saint-Germain, Real Madrid, Barcelona and Juventus all linked. Forwards Anthony Martial and Edinson Cavani are expected to be moved on, while there’s also uncertainty over the futures of Dean Henderson, Marcus Rashford, Eric Bailly and Nemanja Matic. Ten Hag hopes to ‘enter a partnership’ with Rangnick in England. While the United interim boss hasn’t been involved in the process of hiring a new manager, he has put his opinion forward to the board. Ten Hag does have a dream job, though. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players He’d supposedly love to manage Bundesliga giants Bayern Munich, who are currently coached by former Leipzig boss Julian Nagelsmann. Nagelsmann isn’t expected to leave the Allianz Arena anytime soon, however, having only replaced Hansi Flick last year. So it seems Ten Hag is willing to bide his time and manage elsewhere in the hope that, one day, the German titans will come calling. United have also been linked with Pochettino, whose future at PSG is uncertain following their recent issues in the Champions League. However, the Argentine is now a secondary candidate with Ten Hag very much in pole position to take over. Former Arsenal star Ray Parlour, meanwhile, thinks the Dutchman could be United’s own Jurgen Klopp or Pep Guardiola should an appointment materialise. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Most important thing is getting the right manager,” he said. “They look like they’ve got [Erik] Ten Hag, I think that’s a really good manager to get into your club. At Ajax he’s done really well.” He then added: “The way they play is quite exciting. “So I think he’s going to try to bring that style maybe to Manchester United. “He could be the new [Jurgen] Klopp or [Pep] Guardiola, who knows.” Rangnick, meanwhile, shrugged off suggestions United players have been distracted by managerial rumours following their 1-0 defeat to Everton on Saturday. "I don't think [manager speculation] should be an excuse. We are Manchester United,” he said. “We have lots of international players, this cannot be an alibi and an excuse. "We shouldn't be distracted by that, there will be a new manager next season. “If this is announced now or in 10, or 14, or in 20 days it should have no effect on a game like this one today."