Liverpool hero Michael Owen believes Reds boss Jurgen Klopp would turn things around at Old Trafford in two years if he took charge of Manchester United. The Red Devils have suffered another dismal season and could miss out on Champions League qualification. United announced earlier this week that Ajax boss Erik ten Hag would replace Ralf Rangnick as manager this summer after months of speculation. But Owen thinks Klopp would do a better job. “Based purely on CV it doesn’t strike me as ‘wow, that’s the next Manchester United manager,’” Owen said of Ten Hag. “You look at his wins, but it is in the Dutch league and it is being the manager of Ajax. “I think if you swapped Jurgen Klopp and the Manchester United manager, I think give it two or three years and you’d be seeing similar performances from the Manchester United players that you see from Liverpool players. READ MORE: Alexandre Lacazette wants to leave Arsenal due to 'problems' with Mikel Arteta    “Bear in mind the thoughts we all had about Liverpool when Klopp took over and some of the players. They have all reached a different level and nobody will convince me a lot of these United players aren’t very good players.” Klopp took charge of Liverpool in 2015 after the club had sacked Brendan Rodgers - and the German has revolutionised things at Anfield. After overhauling the squad following his arrival, Klopp built a formidable squad on Merseyside and guided the team to the Champions League trophy in 2019. He backed that up with the Club World Cup and Premier League title in 2020, before steering the Reds to the Carabao Cup earlier this season. Meanwhile, the 54-year-old’s dealings in the transfer market have been nothing short of remarkable, with the likes of Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Andy Robertson becoming world-beaters in the north west. DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Harry Maguire to be 'benched' by Ralf Rangnick for crunch Arsenal clashJamie Carragher advises two Man Utd targets to 'run a mile' despite Ten Hag appointmentErik ten Hag shown first Man Utd task as Rangnick echoes Mourinho issue four years on     United were once considered the best team in England and racked up an impressive 13 Premier League titles under legendary manager Sir Alex Ferguson. But they have faltered since the Scot retired in 2013 and have since looked a shadow of the side they once were. David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer have all struggled to take the club forward, while current interim boss Ralf Rangnick looks devoid of ideas. And Ten Hag will certainly have an enormous job on his hands to get the Red Devils playing the sort of football that can help them compete for honours once again. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 