Cristiano Ronaldo has produced a stunning header to double Manchester United's lead against Norwich on Saturday. The Portugal international had already opened the scoring at Old Trafford with a goal from close range. And he then went into vintage mode to put them 2-0 up at Old Trafford. Ronaldo had got things going for United in the seventh minute against the Canaries, converting after Anthony Elanga won the ball from Ben Gibson. And he then produced a trademark header to put his side on course for victory. Ronaldo climbed highest to nod home from Alex Telles’ delivery before then proceeding to celebrate with his team-mates. United had gone into the game hoping to bounce back after a horrendous 1-0 defeat to Everton at Goodison Park last week. But they’ve been good early on against Norwich and, now, are expected to take all three points. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz At Old Trafford today, protests have been taking place against the Glazers. Some fans left their seats in the 17th minute to make their feelings known about their American owners. And United interim boss Ralf Rangnick said on Friday that he ‘understands’ the anger from supporters after a troublesome season so far. “I mean, we all know that football is a game of passion and emotions, and I think we can all understand, I can understand, that our supporters are being disappointed both about where we stand in the table but also about a performance, for example, that we showed against Everton, at least after we had conceded that first goal,” he said. “But I still believe that our supporters are one of the best, if not the best in England, and as long as they do that protest in a peaceful way and as long as they still support the team in the stadium, I think they have the right to express their opinion and, as I said, emotionally, I can understand that they are being disappointed.” DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players When asked if he’s been able to improve things, Rangnick added: “Well, I think we did. “I mean, we had moments and situations in games and spells where we played well, where we showed that there is that, yeah, the team would be able to play on a higher level. “If I just think about games that we played against Crystal Palace, the first game, against West Ham, against Tottenham, away at Leeds, until the 70th minute away at Aston Villa. “I think we had quite a few games where we really played well, not only with regard to the result but also the way that we played together as a team, but what we couldn’t do is do it in a sustainable way and over a longer period of time and yes, I’m disappointed about that, I would have thought that we would be able to play sustainably on a higher level. “I’m not happy with that myself, for sure, but this is what we will try to do in the rest of the season.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Norwich City boss Dean Smith, meanwhile, hailed Brandon Williams for his performances at Carrow Road this term. “I’d say he has improved and he is a very coachable player,” Smith told NorfolkLive. “And I think, like most of the loans that we have got here, the biggest compliment I can give them is that they feel like Norwich City footballers, and they have embraced being at Norwich City. “I think that’s really important because you look at the size of the clubs that both Brandon [Williams] and Billy [Gilmour] have come from, Mathias [Normann] has come from Russia, Ozan [Kabak] from Germany, but they’ve embraced being Norwich City footballers. I think that’s a big plus, not just for them but for our football club as well. “But Brandon has improved a hell of a lot and, you only have to speak to him yourself, he needed probably this season to get away from Manchester United and play regular games.”