June Brown, famous for her role as Dot Cotton in BBC soap EastEnders, has died aged 95. Her family said she “died very peacefully” at her home on Sunday.  Dot Cotton was one of the BBC One soap’s favourites with viewers and was one of the show's longest-running characters. Tributes have begun pouring in for the actress on social media. Adam Woodyatt, who plays Ian Beale, was left heartbroken that June was never made a Dame before her death, despite his and the rest of the cast's efforts. He said: “I’m lost for words, something June never was. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show He said: “I’m lost for words, something June never was. "So many memories, so much fun. Just purely and simply an incredible woman who had the most incredible life and career, I was fortunate to have shared a small part of it. "They never made you a Dame (we did try), but to me you will always be Dame Brown." Gillian Taylforth, who plays Kathy Beale in the soap, said: “I’m truly heartbroken by this news. "June Brown OBE, MBE, was an amazing woman and a truly wonderful actress. I shared many scenes with her over the years and she was always someone I looked up to and learnt from. "There will never be another June Brown and I’m sending all my love to her family.” Holly City actor David Ghadami wrote to his 81,700 followers: “Super-professional. Always brilliant. True legend. RIP June.” @THE_Chris_Evans said: “Truly sad news. June was a true one-off and was the absolute heart and soul of Eastenders.” DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] @Sridevta penned: “How sad. What a legend she was. God bless her.” @Boue_laur11 wrote: “I am so sad to hear this she was an truly fantastic actress.” @PaulPhilipRobe1 commented: “Legend legend true professional RIP June brown.” EastEnders was created in 1985, and June joined the cast that same year. She stayed on until 1993, left for four years, then returned in 1997 until 2020 to play the same character. An EastEnders spokesperson said: "There are not enough words to describe how much June was loved and adored by everyone at EastEnders, her loving warmth, wit and great humour will never be forgotten. "June created one of the most iconic characters in Dot Cotton, not just in soap but in British television, and having appeared in 2884 episodes, June's remarkable performances created some of EastEnders finest moments." Rising to fame as one of EastEnders' best-known cast members, June was in her late 50s when she joined the Albert Square crew. Actor Leslie Grantham, who played Dirty Den, had put her forward for the role at the time.