Lady Kitty Spencer and Michael Lewis have a jaw-dropping home in London. The niece of Princess Diana lives with her husband in a stunning mansion, and the interiors are very impressive. Prince Harry and Prince William's cousin Kitty has shared glimpses into her regal-looking residence via her Instagram feed. It is reported to be worth an impressive £19million.  Kitty, the daughter of Earl Charles Spencer, revealed a glimpse of her living room as she showed her support for the Anti-Slavery Collective, a movement co-founded by her distant relative Princess Eugenie. The living room had gold baroque print wallpaper, a white radiator cover, and a green, white and blue painting on the wall. There was also a set of cream, gold and pink curtains. Another photo taken in the room showed boldly patterned furnishings including a bold print sofa, a baroque armchair and floral wallpaper.   In February, Kitty unveiled a look inside her bathroom. It featured a white marble sink unit with cream walls and intricate gold paintings. There was a large white sash window and a painting of her pet dog on the ledge. Kitty shared another angle of the bathroom when she showed off her new Bvlgari jewellery. It showcased a sparkling silver chandelier, a frosted glass door and the walls were also white marble, matching her sink unit.   Despite travelling the globe and being photographed at some of the world’s most stunning locations, Kitty likes to be at home with a glass of wine and cooking. Kitty unveiled her kitchen when she posted a video of herself cooking. It has grey marble worktops and walls, and wooden cupboards with silver handles.  Kitty previously posted a video of her birthday celebrations inside her dining room. It had wooden floors and sash windows with white frames, as seen throughout the home. There were wooden dining chairs with striped cushions, and gold blinds at one window. Michael’s net worth is a whopping estimated £80million. The couple has lived together for many years after their relationship started in 2019.  The model previously said the London mansion and its interiors were her "most indulgent purchase". She explained: "It was very important to me that my house was a home, somewhere I wanted to come back to at the end of the day, and somewhere that reflects who I am. "I became totally absorbed in the process, from the fabrics to the joinery. “I can’t imagine that it’s something I’ll ever regret putting money into. “After spending the majority of 2020 at home, I appreciate the space I’ve created now more than ever," Kitty told the Evening Standard. 