  Britney Spears has confirmed she is pregnant just five months after she was freed from her 13-year conservatorship. Following her claims that she wanted to “get married and have a baby” but that her conservatorship was preventing her from doing so, it seems the pop icon’s prayers have finally been answered.       Britney, 40, took to Instagram tonight to share the happy news that she and Sam Asghari, 28, are expecting their first child together with her 40.3 million followers. She told her fans: “I lost so much weight to go on my Maui trip only to gain it back… “I thought, ‘Geez… what happened to my stomach???’ My husband said, ‘No you’re food pregnant silly!!!’ “So I got a pregnancy test… and uhhhhh well… I am having a baby… READ MORE: David Beckham ‘gifts' Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz £350k car     “4 days later I got a little more food pregnant. It’s growing!!! If 2 are in there… I might just lose it…” The star went on to speak about her previous experience of perinatal depression, adding that she was glad women “don’t have to keep the pain a secret” anymore. She told her followers that she would be doing yoga everyday, before signing off: “Spreading lots of joy and love!!” Britney and Sam’s happy news comes after reports that the pair had seemingly confirmed their marriage to one another.      The couple got engaged in September 2021, and since then Britney has called Sam her “husband” in a few Instagram posts, the first of which was seen on March 4. In a video posted to her feed showing baby turtles making their way to the sea, Spears said: “My husband @samasghari sent me this and said: 100 baby turtles leave the hatch. “Only 20 make it to reefs because most get eaten by sharks. Only one strong turtle makes it out of 100 and comes back a year later stronger than ever and hatches babies. “He said these turtles represented life!!!!!” she added. READ MORE... Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show [LATEST] Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [LATEST] GMB’s Alex Beresford announces engagement after romantic proposal [NEWS]       Britney has previously outlined the “harm” that her 13-year conservatorship caused her, even claiming that marriage and pregnancy - the two things that she desperately wanted - had been denied her during that period. In November of 2021, the pop singer was finally freed from the legal arrangement that controlled many aspects of her life. A Los Angeles judge ended the conservatorship set up by Britney’s father in 2008 with immediate effect, as fans gathered outside the courthouse to support her. The star spoke out against her father Jamie at the time, claiming he had used his power to control her life and finances for over a decade.      During an emotional hearing in June 2021, Britney had alleged that her father and management had prevented her from "getting married and having a baby" on the basis of her conservatorship. She told the Los Angeles court and Judge Brenda Penny: “I would like to progressively move forward and I want to have the real deal. I want to be able to get married and have a baby. “I have an [IUD] inside of myself so I don't get pregnant. They don't want me to have children — any more children,” Britney claimed. “This conservatorship is doing me way more harm than good. I deserve to have a life!” Britney is already a mother of two, sharing sons Jayden, 15, and Preston, 16, with ex-husband Kevin Federline, who she divorced in 2007.   