Jodie Whittaker stepped in as the 13th Doctor Who on the long-running BBC sci-fi series in 2017. She announced last year that she would be departing from the series this year, and with no word yet on who is officially taking over, fans could be welcoming back previous Time Lord David Tennant. The Scottish actor is tipped to helm the Tardis again. The TV star can currently be seen in the Easter special Doctor Who: Legend of the Sea Devils. Jodie's regeneration is soon to take place, and no stranger to the transformation process is the former tenth Doctor Who, David. Bookies Coral has revealed that "four in five bets placed on the next Doctor Who market have been for David Tennant over the last seven days." David is currently leading the odds with the retired Time Lord coming in at 4-5 to return to the show. Read More: Philip Serrell wife: Who is the Bargain Hunt expert married to? John Hill from Coral said: "It has been 12 years now since David Tennant left the iconic role of Doctor Who. "Many punters believe he is set for a sensational return, replacing Jodie Whittaker." Although some actors have appeared in the show as different characters, no one has helmed the Tardis twice. John continued: "It has been one-way traffic in our betting for the Scottish actor who is now odds-on to be the next permanent Time Lord." Jodie was the first female to step into the role, and with no set criteria for the transformation process, a previous Doctor could easily come back. Other odds see It's A Sin's Lydia West at 4-1 as well as her Channel 4 cast member Omari Douglas at odds 5-1. Dangerous Liaisons actor Fisayo Akinade is at odds 6-1, with Sex Education star Rakhee Thakrar at odds 8-1. EastEnders veteran Danny Dyer is also in the mix with odds of 10-1, and with the star leaving Walford soon, it could be the perfect fit. DON’T MISS…Reacher's Lee Child admits 'mixed blessing' of Amazon series 'Never got better!' [LATEST]'The Duke and Duchess of Netflix' Vine panellist blasts Harry and Meghan monetising royals [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton in double affair drama as she sleeps with two villagers [SPOILERS] Danny recently spoke to his daughter on their podcast Sorted With The Dyers about leaving the soap. He said: "I am leaving EastEnders. "I'm very lucky, I'm very grateful, in a sense of, when you're in a job like a soap your contract comes up for renewal, and every time my contract has come up for renewal they have asked me to stay, and I'm very grateful for that because I've seen a lot of people come and go. "So, I always debate whether I want to sign again and I've been contemplating for a while now about maybe it's time to roll the dice, take the leap." 2023 will mark the 60th anniversary of Doctor Who, and Whovians are sure to be in for a treat with the galactic special that will take place.   Supposedly David Tennant, Christopher Eccleston and Peter Capaldi will be returning for the Tardis birthday bash season. Peter Capaldi is one of the rare performers who has appeared in the BBC show twice. Peter played the twelfth Doctor and appeared as Lobus Caecilius in the episode The Fires of Pompeii when David was the Doctor, with other actors also appearing in multiple episodes as different characters. Doctor Who: Legend of the Sea Devils is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.