Arsenal and France hero Thierry Henry looked back at Micah Richards in amazement when the former Manchester City defender compared Karim Benzema to Tottenham star Harry Kane earlier this season. The Real Madrid frontman proved against Chelsea that he is ageing like a fine wine, enjoying the kind of form that he has rarely experienced during his long and distinguished career. Despite their hit-and-miss Premier League form, Chelsea were well-fancied heading into Wednesday night's Champions League quarter-final first-leg encounter. Benzema was quick to put Madrid's sceptics in their place, however, dispatching two superb headers within the first half-an-hour. Kai Havertz pulled one back for the hosts before half time, but Benzema was gifted his hat-trick goal just after the restart when Edouard Mendy's calamitous pass allowed him to fire into an empty net. The 34-year-old's heroics have left Chelsea with a mountain to climb as Madrid take a 3-1 lead onto their home turf. Benzema's name was also on everyone's lips during the round of 16 when the prolific marksman scored a quickfire second-half hat-trick to fight back against Paris Saint-Germain and book their spot in the last eight. That prompted an interesting exchange between Richards and Henry when the former made a controversial comparison. JUST IN: Ancelotti admits Karim Benzema scare before Champions League hat-trick in Chelsea win  On CBS Sports, Richards began: "Now [Benzema] has convinced me...,"and before he could finish his sentence, Henry interjected: "Just now? Tonight? [He has] 309 goals for Madrid." Richards responded: "Of late, in the last six months, he has convinced me that he is up there with Harry Kane and Robert Lewandowski. Last six months." Henry then responded with one last "wow" before the conversation swiftly moved on. DON'T MISSChelsea flop Werner floated to Juventus and AC Milan by agentMan Utd told to snub Tuchel appointment due to Romelu LukakuChelsea boss Tuchel admits he doesn't agree with Christensen decision  Indeed, Benzema has averaged 24 goals across his 13 seasons at the Bernabeu, made more extraordinary by the fact that this campaign is yet to conclude and his first came as a 22-year-old. Despite entering the twilight of his career, the French international has seemingly found an extra gear as he trails only Robert Lewandowski in the race for the European Golden Shoe. The former Lyon youth product showed at Stamford Bridge that he is not just about goals, either. He routinely dropped deep to link play and free up the electric Vinicius Jr, who also terrorised the Blues on Wednesday. There were certainly shades of Kane in that sense of his performance, but some will feel that the comparison, if at all, should be made the other way round given that the Madrid star has been at it for longer and has more silverware to show for his efforts. Real Madrid are powering towards a La Liga title under Carlo Ancelotti, buoyed by Benzema's rampant goal-scoring form. His efforts could also land them in the Champions League semi finals if they see out the job in Spain, as Benzema takes his dizzying recent run up to 17 goal contributions in his last seven matches. The comparison to Kane came at a bad time for the England captain, who is enduring one of his least prolific seasons in north London amid speculation that he could seek a new challenge in the summer.