A former NATO adviser has hailed the release of Ukraine's Brigadier General Giorgi Kalandadze from a prison in Germany. The US-trained commander was forced to miss the start of Russia's invasion after being imprisoned on "trumped-up charges" by the pro-Russian regime in his native Georgia. Professor Gwythian Prins told Good Morning Britain: "Brigadier General Giorgi Kalandadze...he's one of the Ukrainian General Staff, he wasn't [in Ukraine] at the beginning of the war, to command his troops for an extraordinary reason because he was in a German prison, having been put there on a trumped-up charge by the pro-Russian Georgian regime. "Shamefully, the German Government at the very beginning, 24th of February, had had him banged up. "It took a brave German judge actually you let him out, gave him his passport, and said go back and command your troops. "So Kalandadze is back in the field that he is not just your average general he is a Georgian by birth he's now Ukrainian by naturalisation but He's a graduate of the United States rangers and Airborne School." "So the shorthand is that we've got a fully swept up American general here on the field." It comes as Russian forces tried to push through Ukrainian defences along almost the entire front line in eastern Ukraine on Tuesday, launching what President Volodymyr Zelenskiy called the "Battle of the Donbas" - the long-awaited second phase of the war. A "very large part of the entire Russian army is now focused on this offensive," Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said in a video address overnight. "No matter how many Russian troops they send there, we will fight. We will defend ourselves."  Zelensky's chief of staff, Andriy Yermak, assured Ukrainians their forces could hold off the offensive. "Believe in our army, it is very strong," he said. Driven back by Ukrainian forces in March from an assault on Kyiv in the north, Russia has poured troops into the east to regroup for a ground offensive in two provinces known as the Donbas. It has also been launching long-distance strikes at other targets including the capital. There was no immediate comment from Russia's defence ministry on the latest fighting. The governor of the Russian province of Belgorod said Ukrainian forces had struck a border village wounding one resident. DON'T MISSRussia boasts of forces destroying EU and US weapons in Ukraine [NEWS]Putin told losing war to have 'devastating' outcome for him [REVEAL]China’s arsenal of space weapons could have a 'devastating impact' [SPOTLIGHT] Ukrainian media reported explosions, some powerful, along the front line in the Donetsk region, with shelling taking place in Marinka, Sloviansk and Kramatorsk. Blasts were also heard in Kharkiv in the northeast, Mykolaiv in the south and Zaporizhzhia in the southeast while air raid sirens were also going off in main centres near the front line, officials and media said. Ukraine's top security official, Oleksiy Danilov, said Russian forces attempted to break through Ukrainian defences "along almost the entire front line of Donetsk, Luhansk and Kharkiv regions". The coal and steel producing Donbas has been the focal point of Russia's campaign to destabilise Ukraine since 2014 when the Kremlin used proxies to set up separatist "people's republics" in Luhansk and Donetsk.