Manchester United legend Gary Neville agrees with Jamie Carragher that Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham will be extremely difficult for the Red Devils to attract. Rice and Bellingham have long been linked with moves to United. The West Ham star has become one of the best midfielders in the Premier League as well as establishing himself as a guaranteed starter for England when fit. Bellingham, meanwhile, is still only 18 but continues to shine for Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga. Rice has also been linked with the likes of Chelsea and Manchester City, with Liverpool reportedly interested in Bellingham. Last week, Carragher said the duo should "run a mile" if United attempted to sign them. And Neville has agreed with his punditry colleague that United are not able to attract star players, for more than one reason. Speaking on the Gary Neville podcast, he said: "Jamie Carragher said last week that Rice and Bellingham would be mad to come and join Manchester United, or words to that effect. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel 'adds two more stars to wishlist' to replace Rudiger  "I get what he's saying because it has been a bit of a graveyard in the last few years for some pretty decent players and talented players. And I think if you are those players, they're going to be a struggle to attract at this time. "Not just because there's no Champions League, but just because there is no faith at this moment in time of how Manchester United grow players and develop players. I don't mean develop from the academy, I mean develop from when they sign. "So if you're an agent at this moment in time and you've got Bayern Munich, Real Madrid, Barcelona, Manchester City, Liverpool, Chelsea, all these teams with great managers who've got purring engines at this moment in time, and you look at Manchester United, you think it's too big a risk." DON'T MISSTottenham's Eriksen return hopes boosted as midfielder makes 'preference' clear [TRANSFERS]Arsenal handed Gabriel Jesus boost despite Man City forward's form [GOSSIP]Roy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]  Last week, Carragher gave his verdict on United's transfer hopes. And he said Rice and Bellingham should look at their international team-mates' troubles at Old Trafford as to why they should reject the Red Devils. He wrote in the Telegraph: "When Harry Maguire, Luke Shaw, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Jadon Sancho joined United, there was a sense the club was going in the right direction with young English talent. Now they look terrified to play at Old Trafford. "If I was Declan Rice or Jude Bellingham observing their England team-mates’ troubles - unless my motivation was a big payday - I would run a mile if United called. United’s players have been the big financial winners off the pitch in the post-Ferguson era while the team has delivered sub-standard displays on it."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here