That’s despite the fact that, in the past two years, the care and support provided by unpaid carers has saved the UK economy £193billion. Charities are calling on the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to increase Carer’s Allowance before things get much worse. Around one in seven people care for someone in the UK, yet many of them are going without essentials to make ends meet. While no one can escape the cost of living crisis, carers and households with someone who is ill can often be the worst hit. Gary cares for his wife Natasha following her spinal injury, which meant he had to give up work as a taxi driver. He said: “We rely on Universal Credit and we’ve had to use foodbanks."  READ MORE: ‘Easy way to make money’ Woman shares simple money making tip    He continued: “I’ve noticed our food and energy bills rising sharply. “Natasha’s medical condition means that our home must be kept warm. “If it isn’t, she suffers pain in her legs and feet. “I’m worried I will have to go back to work if I cannot make ends meet, even though my wife needs a lot of care.”  DON'T MISSState pension triple lock could be ‘replaced’ in future [WARNING]Do you need a TV licence if you don't watch BBC? [INSIGHT]How much council tax should you be paying? Check your band today [ALERT]  Helen Walker, chief executive of Carers UK, said carers receiving Carer’s Allowance or the Carer Element of Universal Credit were often under more financial pressure. She said: “Many are dipping into savings, using credit cards, being pushed into debt and cutting back on essentials to keep the person they care for warm and healthy. “They are extremely anxious about how they are going to continue to manage. “Nearly half of carers think the rising energy costs will impact on their health and the health of the person they care for.”  The survey questioned more than 3,000 carers and discovered: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, almost half a million carers are missing out on £302 a month in Carer’s Allowance because they don’t know they are eligible. To qualify, people need to care for someone for at least 35 hours a week. People could be entitled to Carer’s Allowance if they are working, but they can’t be earning more than £132 a week. The individual they are caring for also needs to be claiming certain state benefits for the carer to qualify. To apply and find out more Britons are advised to go to Gov.uk.