Kenny Doughty has played detective Aiden Healy since 2014 and has worked alongside leading lady Brenda Blethyn ever since. The actor joined the ITV series when DCI Stanhope's original sidekick Joe Ashworth (played by David Leon) left the show. Aiden's first-ever scene with Vera was when they had to solve the suspicious murder of a woman at a caravan park. The duo didn't get along at first as they clearly had different methods when it came to solving a crime. However, they soon cleared things up and Vera and Aiden have been side by side ever since. The pair are currently filming for series 12 of Vera and they have been spotted by fans in Newcastle and Northumberland. Speaking in a new interview, the Aiden Healy star opened up about the filming locations for Vera. READ MORE: What happened to the real Ann Walker?  He went on to recall how the team got exclusive access to a "special" place during one episode. "One that always sticks out is the opening episode of series seven when we went to the Farne Islands for filming," Kenny began. "There was something lovely about having that very special and exclusive access to that location. "It’s a habitat for seals and many species of seabird. You need to access the island by boat and you can see the dolphins swimming around in the sea and so many different birds." "I'm a great bird lover so that particular episode I was really fond of," the actor added. “Thinking of the show as a whole, it would be the fact that I’ve got to work with some amazing, experienced actors as well as the next generation of filmmakers like new directors. “Getting to know Newcastle and the whole area from the coastline to the wildlife, the nightlife and the culture has definitely been a highlight too." The 47-year-old admitted filming for series 11 was more challenging for the cast and crew because of the coronavirus pandemic. DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small star speaks on Mrs Hall romance [INSIGHT]Vera's Jac Williams star addresses show backlash to series 11 delays [REACTION]A Place in the Sun’s Danni Menzies shuts down fussy house hunters  [VIDEO] He detailed: "That’s why filming this new series, in particular, has been really tough because I’ve had to isolate for the best part of a year with all the Covid protocols and that’s everything that I’m not." During filming, Kenny and his co-star Brenda had to form a bubble together so they could stand within two metres of one another. The same restrictions applied to Riley Jones, who plays Mark Edwards and Ibinabo Jack, who plays Jac Williams. Kenny paid a sweet tribute to the DCI Stanhope star as he said he wouldn't have been able to get through the pandemic without her. “Thank God that Brenda was in my bubble," he explained. "I called it the ‘double trouble bubble' because we had each other and it was like you’ve put us together in this bubble and that’s it! You’re done for! "Thank God we have a friendship that can sustain that. I don’t think many relationships, marriages or friendships could undergo that intensity of 24/7 working together and then hanging out together in the evening, it was intense! "Fortunately we have a really good understanding of each other. When we want to be together and have a laugh, we do, and also when we need a bit of space we’d just respect each other and allow that. "I could not have done a job like this if it was a brand new job, with new people and new cast and crew, I think it would have been impossible.” Vera is expected to air later this year on ITV.