John Fury has "already made it quite clear" to Frank Warren that David Haye must face a ban from commentating on his son Tyson Fury's world title defence against Dillian Whyte. The two British heavyweights collide next Saturday (April 23) in front of a record-breaking 94,000 spectators at Wembley Stadium for the WBC and Ring Magazine belts and Fury Snr wants former champion Haye nowhere near BT Sport's coverage... It comes after Haye tipped Whyte to upset the odds due to his conclusive underdog status and pristine physical conditioning. Yet it's not the first time Haye has predicted Fury to come unstuck on the biggest stage of all... He picked Deontay Wilder three times out of three in their epic, box-office trilogy but Fury arguably won all three meetings - boasting two victories and a draw. John Fury even tried to bet Haye £100,000 before the Gypsy King beat Wilder to a pulp in their February 2020 rematch. READ MORE: Dillian Whyte finally fulfils 'Clause 11' of Tyson Fury contract to delight Frank Warren And after hearing the Haymaker's latest prediction, the 57-year-old has vowed to ensure the former cruiserweight and heavyweight world champion is nowhere near BT's coverage on the night because he's simply a hater. “David Haye is not allowed to comment on that show," Fury told talkSPORT. “David Haye needs to take a back seat in the stands where nobody can see him. “I’ve already made it quite clear to Frank Warren – he is not allowed to be commentating on my son’s fight, otherwise there will be a problem. “That’s black and white, the nation can hear me. He’s a hater, I don’t want him near my family, that’s the bottom line. “They know me, BT, and I will not be silent if he’s there.” Whyte finally participated in the promotion of the fight for the very first time on Wednesday, when he took to his social media channels to confirm his attendance. The Body Snatcher has waited over 1500 days for his shot at the WBC title and has been training in silence at his residence in Vilamoura, Portugal. Haye is confident Whyte has all the tools to cause a huge upset - particularly given that everybody is seemingly writing off his chances of victory. "You’ll get massive odds betting on Dillian Whyte,” Haye said. “No one is really backing him whatsoever. “But, you know, the type of opponent that you’d need to beat Tyson Fury – Dillian Whyte has all of those attributes. “He can punch hard, he’s got cardio for days he’s got the desire and belief in himself. “I think Whyte is going to pull off the upset. I think this is his opportunity. I think this is what he’s been waiting for. “This happened at the right time for him and I think the fact that Tyson Fury’s so highly regarded by everybody works in Dillian’s favour. So I’m going with the unpopular underdog.”