Arsenal could dip into the free-agent market to secure the signing of Alexandre Lacazette's potential replacement. The Frenchman is set to decide his future at the end of the season but is believed to be leaning towards a fresh challenge. With that in mind, Express Sport assesses four forwards the Gunners could snap up on free transfers this summer... The Juventus forward is set to leave Turin after seven years with the Old Lady. He has already previously declared his feelings towards Arsenal, a club he has always admired greatly. His diminutive frame and technical style would make him a great fit for Mikel Arteta, however, he is unlikely to improve their current options. Dybala tends to thrive as a second striker or No 10 and with Martin Odegaard and Emile Smith Rowe in the side, his chances of playing there seem unlikely. Nonetheless, given his quality and experience, it's an option well worth exploring...  READ MORE: Arsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting Benfica As the captain of Torino for so many years, Belotti certainly knows how to be a leader. That could prove to be invaluable for Arsenal given Lacazette is their current captain. Toronto are thought to be pushing hard for Belotti too but this would definitely be a transfer that improves Arsenal's options, at the cost of nothing besides wages. He has hit double figures in Serie A in each of the past six seasons. Arsenal could really profit from a regular goal output, even if Belotti is not a starter. The Italian could help fill the void left behind by Lacazette, allowing Arsenal to still sign a new blockbuster No 9. READ MOREPSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twistThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossMan Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool battle past Benfica It nearly happened once upon a time for £40,000,001 when Arsene Wenger tested the water by bidding £1 over £40m to rattle Liverpool. Now Suarez is a seasoned veteran but that does not take anything away from his ability to score goals. The 35-year-old will be a free agent once he leaves Atletico Madrid in June yet Arsenal could do far worse than handing Suarez a short-term contract. He knows how to win and as we've seen throughout his career, he will do anything within his power to achieve it. Those kind of figures are worth their weight in gold in the dressing room, particularly for a club like Arsenal who are chasing their former glories. The Blackburn frontman has struggled with injuries in the past few weeks but take nothing away from his impressive rise to prominence. The 22-year-old has rifled in 20 goals in the Championship this season and looks capable of making the step up to the Premier League. It's clear he would not be first choice in north London but he would be more than capable of being part of the squad. He is continuing to shine at international level with Chile and at 22, he will only get better. This could quietly prove to be a steal for Arenal, if they are brave enough to take the plunge.