Although she is 40 years old and has three children, Kate Middleton’s appearance has not changed much since she was firs catapulted into the limelight in 2011, when she married into the Royal Family. The Duchess is slim and toned thanks to a balanced diet and plenty of exercise. However, she doesn’t shy away from eating her favourite foods on occasion. The Duchess of Cambridge was a sporty student, participating in a number of sports while she studied at St. Andrews with Prince William. There are photographs of her rowing, playing tennis, and running. Kate has carried her love of sports with her into adulthood too, and this has contributed to her slim frame. Doctor Charlotte Norton, a Medical Director at The Slimming Clinic, said: “The Duchess of Cambridge is well-known for being naturally athletic and a huge admirer of spending time in nature and keeping fit. READ MORE: Michael Mosley's wife Dr Clare Bailey's weight loss salad “Also, considering her senior royal rank, you’d imagine she eats quite well too, which makes it not so hard to wonder why she looks so great at 40. “We all know that Kate’s ability to look great in any dress, skirt, or pair of trousers is obviously a result of her incredibly toned figure, even if she also has an impeccable sense of style. “Of course, Kate’ naturally slender frame is partly down to genetics, but it’s no secret that the royal mother-of-three enjoys all things athletic and is reported to appreciate a good workout. “Whether it’s cross country, tennis or walking, she has been known to enjoy sports.”  Although Kate’s exact diet is not known, the Duchess reportedly followed the Dukan diet in the run up to her wedding. Made popular by Dr Pierre Dukan, a French general practitioner, the diet claims to produce “rapid, permanent weight loss without hunger”, according to Healthline. It involves eating foods that are high in proteins and low in carbohydrates and is made up of four steps. The first step is the attack phase, where slimmers start the diet by eating unlimited lean protein plus one and a half tablespoons of oat bran every day, lasts a week. The next step, which can last for anything from a month to 12 months, involves alternating lean protein one day with lean protein and non-starchy vegetables the next, plus two tablespoons of oat bran every day. The third phase is the consolidation phase, which is five days for every pound lost in phases one and two, and involves eating unlimited lean protein and vegetables, some carbs and fats, one day of lean protein weekly, and two and a half tablespoons of oat bran daily. Finally, the fourth phase is the stabilization phase, which is indefinite. Slimmers are urged to follow the consolidation phase guidelines but loosen the rules as long as their weight remains stable. Oat bran is increased to three tablespoons a day. According to reports, the Duchess’ diet is varied and involves plenty of fruit and vegetables. However, Dr Norton stressed that “Kate’s secret is consistency”. She continued: “There hasn’t been a moment in history so far where she has had a dramatic change in appearance, even post-pregnancy and I think that’s due to being consistent with diet and exercise. “I think another secret is that she allows herself to have the odd sweet snack and carb-filled meal, which isn’t a crime.” Doctor Charlotte added that diet and weight loss “all about a balance, which I think Kate has perfected”. According to the nutrition expert, Kate “is known to be an avid cook and doesn’t shy away from pizzas, pasta, and curries”.