Manchester United are reportedly set to rival Tottenham for the signing of their former player Sam Johnstone, who is available on a free transfer this summer. The Red Devils are understood to be plotting a surprise swoop for the England international, who they sold to West Bromwich Albion in 2018. Johnstone's time at The Hawthorns is now set to draw to a close after four seasons in the Midlands, where he has been playing Championship football this season. Now he could return to the club where it all began following his impressive spell as the Baggies' No 1 between the sticks. According to Sky Sports, United are now set to battle it out with Tottenham for the signing of the 29-year-old. Steve Bruce is now expecting to lose his goalkeeper, who could now be dropped to the bench for the final matches of the season. READ MORE: Liverpool 'ready £25m bid' for Joe Gomez replacement as Aston Villa plot transfer swoop West Brom had been hoping to tie Johnstone down to a new deal but he is now eyeing a return to the Premier League. United have already re-signed one former goalkeeper in Tom Heaton, who made his return to Old Trafford from Aston Villa last July. Now Johnstone could be in line to replace Dean Henderson, who is expected to be pushed towards the exit door. The former Sheffield United loanee wants to play regular football but has endured a season to forget due to injury and a lack of opportunities. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new managerArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting BenficaBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star Gabriel Henderson had initially dethroned David de Gea as United's No 1 last season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer before losing his place in the side to the Spaniard. Now he is believed to be ready to walk away from his boyhood club with Newcastle among those intersted in a deal. With the World Cup in Qatar on the horizon, Henderson wants to give himself the best chance of making Gareth Southgate's squad. There has previously been interest from overseas from Borussia Dortmund and Ajax but it remains to be seen if they will return to the table. Watford attempted to sign Henderson on loan on transfer deadline day but Ralf Rangnick reportedly blocked their advances. Meanwhile, Tottenham are also looking to add another goalkeeper to their ranks with Pierluigi Gollini expected to return to Atlanta. The 27-year-old Italian needed to make 20 appearances in all competitions this season to make his move to north London permanent. He has only played 10 times though, meaning a move is now out of reach. Spurs do also have the option to extend his loan by an additional year but Fabio Paratici is expected to explore alternative avenues such as Johnstone.