Fans of Mrs Hinch have shared their advice for removing mould from bath sealant. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer. She has more than 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Now, Mrs Hinch fans have created social media groups in the cleaning influencer’s name dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and tricks. On one such group, Facebook user Jessica Buckingham asked: “Hi can I please have some advice on how to get rid of mould on the sealant around the bath?” The post was inundated with responses but the most common response was to use bleach and cotton wool. Jayne Haviland said: “Cover the strip completely in cotton wool and pour on bleach. Leave overnight.” READ MORE: Weeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds  Janine Strong agreed and said: “Exactly what I was going to say, but I used kitchen roll, it works.” Clare Landshoft also agreed and wrote: “I did this after seeing it on Sort Your Life Out, it really does the trick.” Jinny-Bean Proctor commented: “Always works for me.” Kim Fisk said: “Definitely bleach on cotton wool overnight.” DON'T MISSHouseplants: Use eggshells to ‘boost’ the health of your plants [INSIGHT]What to look out for when viewing houses - check natural light [UPDATE]Interior: How to update your bathroom cabinets to transform a house [ANALYSIS] ASDA Smart Price Thin Bleach costs 42p. Morrisons Original Thick Bleach is 49p. Ocado Thick Original Bleach is 60p. Easy Seriously Thick Bleach Citrus is 60p from Sainsbury’s. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans include using Mould Magic, HG Mould spray and Cillit Bang Mould remover. Laura Hodgson said: “Mould Magic and it'll be gone by the morning. Amazing stuff!.” Tracy Gardner agreed and said: “Mould Magic. Two hours, not a trace left. Highly Recommend.” Kelly Horton commented: “HG mould spray is amazing on mould.”  Louise Abel wrote: “Cillit bang mould remover. “It’s bloody brilliant. Leave it on a while.” Tracy Harrison said: “Just used Mould Magic on mine. “Left two hours and bingo it’s gone and non-toxic. I’m so pleased with it.” Bernadette Cosgrove wrote: “I second Cillit Bang mould and mildew amazing stuff.” Louise Roberts said: “Remove it and reseal it.”