A heated blanket is cheaper than heating a room, but won't leave you shivering in the cold at home. The money-saving option was suggested by Chloe Carmichael, money saving expert and founder of Chloe’s Deal Club. Chloe runs the platform to help Britons save money on beauty and home items by sharing amazing deals each week. She told Express.co.uk readers, in the midst of rising energy bills during the cost of living crisis: "I recently invested in a heated blanket which I use at my desk. "It’s much cheaper to run than heating and saves me heating the whole house. "You can get them on Amazon for around £20 to £40." READ MORE: Mum saved £17,000 in a year - read her simple and easy money-saving tips This is not the only bargain product Chloe has found to keep cosy at home. She said: "I also wear a blanket hoodie at home too. "I’m a big fan of these as they’re so cosy and have saved me putting the heating on. The best value hoodie I’ve found so far has been in Home Bargains for £10. "Primark have them for around £18 too which are thick and cosy." DON'T MISSBudget recipes: Cook three delicious meals with just £12 [HOW TO] Mum plans to save £10k amid the 2022 cost of living crisis [TIPS] Woman spends £10 a week on food at Aldi - easy 7-day meal plan [SAVINGS] Aldi was selling a heated blanket for £35, The Kikrton House Heated Throw. However, the product has sold out. The Aldi website says: "While the weather turns cold outside you can remain warm. "This soft, cosy and heated coat not only looks great but is practical too. "All you have to do is wrap it around you, set your ideal temperature and enjoy that warm and cosy feeling." Wrapping up in a blanket has been suggested by the Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis, alongside other suggestions. He pointed out that an electric blanket will cost around 3p an hour to run. This makes it a more viable option for those struggling to pay bills. Energy company Octopus Energy gave out free electric blankets to Britons. The company is urging Britons who need help to fill out its extra support form.