George Russell has lashed out at Red Bull as Mercedes' issues worsened in Albert Park. Russell moaned about the Red Bull pair of Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez getting in his way during Friday’s first free practice session. Speaking over team radio, Russell snapped: “These f****** Red Bulls are getting in the way everywhere.” His comment is the first glimpse of Mercedes’ drivers struggling to manage with their under-performing car in 2022. However, it’s not the first time Russell has got angry with decisions on track, lashing out at former Mercedes driver Valtteri Bottas after the pair collided at Imola last year. Cars blocking each other was a common occurrence during both practice sessions on Friday as drivers battled for space on the new layout. Lewis Hamilton was even summoned to the stewards after he was nearby to a possible infringement between Carlos Sainz and Lance Stroll. Mercedes’ lack of performance was even worse on Friday as the Silver Arrows dropped below several teams in the midfield. READ MORE: George Russell explains reason for Mercedes' refusal to make upgrades  Heading to Melbourne, the team was confident it was the third-fastest car and felt it had a buffer behind them to experiment. But, Russell was only fast enough for 11th on Friday afternoon with team-mate Lewis Hamilton 13th. The pair appear to be behind the resurging Alpine and McLaren in the weekend’s pecking order while AlphaTauri are also close behind. Meanwhile, Red Bull enjoyed a strong Friday with Verstappen setting the second-fastest lap in FP2. After the session, Russell conceded the squad were now facing threats from other teams who had plugged the gap between races. He said: “There’s quite a few midfield cars ahead of us, and obviously we’re quite a long way off the pace at the front, so we need to work hard tonight, understand the limitations. DON'T MISSMercedes told Norris should have been signed instead of Russell [INSIGHT]Russell's grim Australian GP prediction for himself and Hamilton [ANALYSIS]Hamilton backed in Russell fight despite trailing Mercedes team-mate [COMMENT] “The car felt alright, didn’t feel too bad, but it was a bit strange – on my soft tyre I just kept on improving and improving. I know a few drivers did that, but it seemed a little bit more extravagant from our side of things. “We’re definitely porpoising pretty badly in Turn 9. It’s probably the most severe I’ve experienced. But I think it’s just something that we’ll have to deal with for the time being.”