Columnist and novelist Celia Walden claimed the Duchess of Sussex made the “crucial misstep” of forgetting how much Americans “love” the Queen. Ms Walden, who is married to broadcaster Piers Morgan, said anyone who is “deemed to have affronted the Queen… is just not going to go down well”. Speaking from her home in LA, Ms Walden told GB News: "I thought maybe people would be protective of her out here, but not at all. "She’s just a figure of fun and the crucial misstep she made is forgetting that the whole of the US love the Queen. “So, anyone who is deemed to have affronted the Queen, or behaved badly in that regard, is just not going to go down well." Ms Walden also hit out at Meghan’s bid to trademark the word “archetypes” after announcing it will be the name of her first Spotify podcast series. The columnist said: “This has just been unanimously agreed that it’s a preposterous thing to do. "In fact, the only thing she should be trademarking is a few words, 'arrogant,' 'entitled' and 'preposterous' because all of those things are uniquely her. “This is just so archetypal of her narcissism, the idea that you can own a word." READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry snubbed over invite  Meghan and Harry are living in California after quitting royal duties in 2020. The couple have a mansion in Montecito where they are based with their two children Archie and Lilibet. The Sussexes quit as working royals in March 2020 for new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond. They made a series of bombshell claims about the monarchy in their Oprah Winfrey interview in March 2021. DON'T MISSDiana's influence will make William a more 'sincere and strong' King [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry will 'regret' absence from Philip's memorial service [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry savaged over 'paradox' of archetype copyright bid [VIDEO] Meanwhile, Harry is set to release his tell-all memoir later this year. Former actress Meghan unveiled her Archetypes podcast series about female stereotypes last month. In the series, she vows to investigate "labels that try to hold women back". Meghan will speak to historians, experts and women who have experienced being typecast for the podcast. Representatives for the Sussexes have been contacted for comment.