Greta Lee stole the show as Maxine in the first season of Russian Doll, which premiered on Netflix back in February 2019. Natasha Lyonne’s sardonic New Yorker Nadia Vulvokov is now back on screens for the sci-fi comedy’s second season, which features Maxine in a much meatier role. However, dropping in on Nadia’s best friend four years after her first mind-boggling adventure was no easy task. Main cast member Greta admitted it was tough to reprise her role as Maxine, as she is essentially the exact same person she was in the first season. Although a number of years have passed since Nadia was first trapped in an infuriating time loop, her best friend is just as bubbly and self-confident as ever. Greta explained: “Well, I think the challenge with her is my approach didn’t change. “It couldn’t, because she is someone who is so fully herself in a very Maxine way, no matter what situation she’s in.” READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ After the first season dropped more than three years ago, Greta’s most prominent line, “Sweet birthday baby!” became one of the most memorable aspects of the show as it features in almost all of her scenes. In season two, Maxine is no longer unknowingly stuck in Nadia’s time loop, and is therefore given much more of a chance to shine throughout her friend’s various antics across time and space. “In my mind, I imagine if we dropped in on her at like 85, she would still be exactly the same,” Greta added. “That presents a new kind of challenge as an actor, especially with so much time passing.” This time, Nadia discovers a wormhole to the 1980s on the 6 Train and enters the body of her mother Lenora (Chloë Sevigny), who happens to be pregnant with her at the time. Meanwhile, Maxine is with Nadia every step of the way during her trip to Budapest, despite coming up with increasingly distracting and idiotic plans. Despite often threatening to unwittingly sabotage Nadia’s efforts to protect her mother in the past, Maxine remains consistently loyal to her friends in the present day. In her recent interview with the AV Club, Greta continued: “I really wanted to stay true to who we created in season one. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Howard scams Jimmy and Kim [THEORY]Lorraine clashes with Piers Morgan over cancel culture fury [VIDEO]Life After Life cast on sharing apartments with MAFS stars [INSIGHT] “She really is so steadfast in who she is and so incredibly present. “She’s one of those people for better or for worse who can only see like five feet in front of her. It’s this spectacular way of living. It’s really fun to play.” While the stakes are even higher for Nadia in season two, Greta felt Maxine’s presence was important to maintain a degree of levity throughout her friend’s panicked leaps through time. “The ride, it should be funny, because life is sort of that way, isn’t it?” “It can be so devastating; it can be so alienating—and also hilarious, in my experience,” the actress added. “I think it was important to us to realistically honour what that could be like for someone to go through something like this with a friend, [as well as] what it would be like to someone who is an outsider bearing witness.” While Maxine’s plans to have a baby with a Budapest man with Nazi lineage may have tested Nadia’s patience too far, she nevertheless proved an invaluable addition to the core cast for the second time. Many Netflix subscribers were surprised to see Russian Doll come back for a second season after wrapping up its first eight episodes so efficiently, but fans are no less thrilled to see Natasha, Greta, and some new faces return for another thrilling trip to the Big Apple. Russian Doll seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on Netflix.