Compulsion, a drama based on the life of a paramedic whose world goes into a downward spiral, premieres on Tuesday, April 12, at 9pm on Channel 5. The mini-series will have four episodes with a new part airing every night for the rest of the week. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Compulsion. Compulsion revolves around the life of paramedic Jenny who is struggling to deal with the aftermath of a fatal train crash. She seeks to cope with her PTSD but winds up having a gambling addiction in a bid to distract herself. Actress Leanne Best has been in a number of series, including Channel 4's Close to Me, BBC's Four Lives, Tin Star and Young Wallander. She is also the niece of the former Beatle band member Pete Best. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces Actress Hayley Mills rose to fame as a Disney child star in the 1960s, starring in films such as The Parent Trap and Pollyanna. Most recently, she has been in the heartwarming Sky movie Last Train to Christmas. But Mills has taken on a very different role for Compulsion as she portrays loan shark, Connie Bertram. As Jenny finds herself in more debt, Connie is the one in control of what happens next. Sasha offers to give Jenny a helping hand out of the tough situation she is in. However, can she really be trusted or does Sasha have an agenda of her own? Actress Anna Chancellor is probably best known for playing Duck Face in the iconic rom-com Four Weddings and a Funeral. Some of her other parts have been in The Split, Pennyworth, Hotel Portofino, The Watch and Shetland. DON'T MISS...'No appetite for Meghan to come back' Royal expert says [ROYAL]Hayley Mills opens up on being crippling ‘shyness’ ahead of new drama [CAST]Law and Order’s Dylan McDermott says fans will ‘forget’ about Wheatley [EXPLAINER] Working alongside Jenny is fellow paramedic Chris who starts to grow concerned for his colleague. Actor Danny Ashok has been acting since 2009 with several minor credits to his name so far. He has been in shows like Sky's Cobra, BBC One's Strike Road Kill and Capital. Ashok also starred with actress Mills in the Sky film Last Train to Christmas. As of yet, there have been no details revealed on who Ali is but will she play a key part in Jenny's journey? Actress Krissi Bohn was Jenna Kamara, Lloyd Mullaney's (Craig Charles) long-lost daughter in Coronation Street for two years. Other than the ITV soap, Bohn has been in Innocent, Vera and Counterpart. Compulsion premieres on Tuesday, April 12, at 9pm on Channel 5.