Arsenal are reportedly willing to cut their losses on Nicolas Pepe this summer having spent a club-record £72million on the winger three years ago. Arsenal pipped some of Europe's elite clubs to the signing of Pepe in 2019 after impressing for Lille the season prior. The Ivory Coast international was coming off a season in which he scored 23 goals and provided 12 assists. Arsenal were hopeful that Pepe would help revolutionise Arsenal's attack to make the step back into the top four. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette were still the most prominent forwards for Arsenal, but Unai Emery wanted an upgrade on Alex Iwobi. But the club-record signing struggled to make a regular impact in his debut season and, since Mikel Arteta took over, he has fallen down the pecking order. He's started just five Premier League matches this season with just one goal coming against Wolves in February. Bukayo Saka, Emile Smith Rowe and Gabriel Martinelli all appear to be ahead of Pepe in the pecking order under Arteta. JUST IN: Arsenal braced for five summer departures and six more could follow  And Arsenal are now reportedly willing to take a heavy hit on the £72m they paid for Pepe three years ago. According to Calciomercato, Arsenal are open to offers for Pepe this summer and will accept a fee in the region of £25m. The Ivorian has just two years remaining on his contract at the Emirates and looks unlikely to be given an extension. Pepe had attracted some interest during the January transfer window, but Arsenal were reluctant to sell midway through the campaign. DON'T MISS  Ligue 1 sides Marseille and Lyon were touted as possible destinations and that interest is unlikely to have dropped. Arteta has been trimming down his squad ever since taking over from Emery in late 2019 but will be looking for reinforcements this summer. Selling Pepe for £25m would help give him funds to bring in targets of his own with at least one striker expected to be signed. More options in defence are also expected to be signed, although William Saliba is set to return from his three-year loan spell away from the club. The 21-year-old has now established himself as one of Europe's brightest young defenders at Marseille, earning a call-up to France's senior squad last month.