In February, the Queen, 95, announced that the Duchess of Cornwall will become Queen Consort when her husband accedes to the throne. In a major intervention of the ongoing title speculation, the monarch expressed her "sincere wish" that Camilla takes on the title when Charles is ruler. Within a statement to mark her Platinum Jubilee year, the Queen also called on the nation to support both Camilla as Queen and Charles as King. Tina Brown, who wrote the Diana Chronicles in 2006 about the late Princess of Wales, claims her close friend Diana would not be pleased about the development. Speaking to the Telegraph Magazine ahead of the release of her new book, The Palace Papers, Ms Brown said: “Diana would have loathed the idea of Queen Camilla, there’s no question about it, but we’re 25 years on.” She added: “The Queen’s always been a pragmatist and she knows Charles wants Camilla to be queen. So what the Queen wants to do now is tidy up and do what she can to help Charles take on the role.” Ms Brown also claims Diana’s two children have mixed views about the move as Harry never made his peace with Prince Charles and Camilla's relationship. In Ms Brown's opinion, she thinks Prince Harry "can't stand Camilla" and is "very angry" about her future title. She said: “William has accepted Camilla in terms of what she means to his father. “He’s been grown-up about it – ‘My father loves this woman, I can’t fight it, so I won’t.’” READ MORE: Anne touches down in private jet on royal tour to Papua New Guinea But she claims: “Harry, on the other hand, can’t stand Camilla, he doesn’t want Camilla to be queen, he’s very angry that it’s happening. She adds that she thinks “He has not made his peace with it and he probably never will.” In response to Her Majesty’s statement, Camilla said she felt "very touched" and "very, very honoured". Prince Charles also issued his own statement in the aftermath of his mother’s and expressed his dedication to serving the Crown when he takes to the throne. The Prince of Wales showed his gratitude to the Queen for her support, adding that he and his “darling wife” were “deeply conscious of the honour represented” by his mother’s wish. DON'T MISS Queen's body language shows 'no signs of slowing down' in latest video [ANALYSIS] Meghan Markle branded ‘figure of fun’ after taking on Queen [REVEAL] Harry 'will go after' Camilla and Charles in new bombshell book [INSIGHT] In his message, Charles also praised Camilla for her work as a member of the Royal Family and acknowledged her ongoing commitment to him. The Prince of Wales said: “We are deeply conscious of the honour represented by my mother’s wish. “As we have sought together to serve and support Her Majesty and the people of our communities, my darling wife has been my own steadfast support throughout. His message also looks toward the celebrations planned for the Jubilee, which aim to celebrate the fact that the Queen has become the first-ever British monarch to reign for 70 years. The Prince of Wales wrote: "The year of this unprecedented Platinum Jubilee brings an opportunity for us all to come together in celebrating the service of The Queen, by whose example we will continue to be led in the years to come."