A former supporter of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle has told GB News that he is "really disappointed" in how the couple have behaved. Albie Amankona, who co-founded Conservatives against Racism, said that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had made some "very poor decisions" that have damaged relations with the Royal Family. The activist said he had been a "really big fan initially" of the couple but felt let down by them. The remarks came after Harry and Meghan made a surprise visit to Britain en route to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex flew into the UK from California for a face-to-face visit with the monarch and also stopped to see the Prince of Wales. He said: "I was a really big fan initially of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex when they first got together. "But, I have to say I have been really disappointed in the way they have behaved over the last two years." JUST IN: Meghan and Harry’s 'personal' visit to Queen 'in the works' Mr Amankona added: "I wish this situation would get better but unfortunately I don't see that happening." He agreed with GB News presenter Nana Akua who praised the couple for finally coming but questioned why they did not bring their two children. She said: "The Queen has lost some mobility and it would have been nice if they would just introduce her grandchild that they have named after her." However, Mr Amankona defended the couple from criticism that they "publicised" their trip to the UK after they were spotted in Windsor by tourists and royal fans. Members of the public were near Windsor Castle for the traditional Easter Maundy Thursday ceremony when they spotted the couple. One churchgoer told The Mirror: "I couldn't believe it when I saw who it was." Former Liberal Democrat MP and frequent GB News guest Lembit Opik said: "They moan about privacy and then they choose to publicise the fact that they are here." Mr Amankona responded: "But they haven't publicised it. The media has publicised it. We are talking about it here. "If people didn't care about them, it wouldn't have been in the media. I think the whole situation is very sad." DON'T MISS: Future of Invictus Games in doubt following Harry's royal 'mistake' [VIDEO]Western analysts unpick Russian video of captured Briton [ANALYSIS]POLL: Should Meghan and Harry come back to UK after Invictus Games? [POLL] Following the brief visit, Harry and Meghan travelled to the Netherlands to open the Invictus Games. The couple were greeted by very excited fans at the Hague this afternoon and received applause from the crowd. The Duchess is joining Harry for the first few days of the Games. This year's event is taking place from April 16 - 22 after being delayed by the Covid pandemic.