Tiger Woods has confirmed he will be in Augusta this week ahead of the Masters - but stopped short of saying he will compete in the event in a statement on Twitter. Woods has not played competitively since sustaining serious injuries in a car crash at the beginning of last year. Woods was included on the list of invitees last week and that got golf fans around the world particularly excited, and speculation began to mount that Woods would play after his name was not included on the list of 'past champions not playing' on the tournament's website. On Sunday, Woods wrote on Twitter: "I will be heading up to Augusta today to continue my preparation and practice. It will be a game-time decision on whether I compete." The 15-time Major champion got tongues wagging as he was seen hitting a driver on the range while acting as tournament host of the Hero World Challenge in December, with Woods then impressing when playing alongside his son Charlie at the PNC Championship later that month. Although Woods had already stated he would be at Augusta to attend the annual Champions' Dinner next Tuesday, he was non-committal when quizzed about the possibility of a playing return at last month's Genesis Invitational. "I don't know," Woods said when asked about competing at the 2022 edition of The Masters. "I'll be there Tuesday and it will be a great dinner - I don't know what kind of sushi we are going to have!" READ MORE: Tiger Woods' comments on return with star named on Masters list John Ziegler was the first to suggest Woods was set to make his return at Augusta this year. The Los Angeles-based reporter tweeted: "This sounds like just a rumour, but Monday we’ll find out if Tiger Woods is playing the Masters. "If his name is not on the 'past champions not playing' list on their website by tomorrow about 1pm, & we’ve heard nothing else, then he IS going to try & play, which would be insane!" Around 86 players are currently listed as invitees to the 86th edition of The Masters, and Woods was still among those scheduled to compete from April 7-10 despite not featuring in an official PGA Tour event since his last Augusta appearance in November 2020. His inclusion on the list sparked rumours he could be set to return at the iconic course. DON'T MISSTiger Woods drops Masters 2022 hint as fans notice field inclusionWoods' most iconic clubs set for eye-watering sale in rare auctionBarty hints at tennis retirement U-turn as she teases future in golf As he is a former champion - a five-time Masters winner - Woods would automatically qualify for the event and mark a sensational return. The 46-year-old has gone through extensive rehabilitation since suffering horrific leg injuries in a car crash last February in Los Angeles, just two months on from undergoing further surgery on his back injury which has plagued Woods for years. The crash saw Woods suffer comminuted open fractures to both the tibia and fibula in his right leg after losing control of his vehicle, and was rushed to the Harbor-UCLA Medical Center before being eventually trasnferred to the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center. Woods spent three bed-bound weeks receiving medical attention and even reportedly faced potential amputation. Soon after the accident, Woods admitted he would only return to the PGA Tour part-time in the future due to his health. While on a Zoom interview with Golf Digest, Woods said: "I think something that is realistic is playing the tour one day - never full time, ever again - but pick and choose, just like Mr. [Ben] Hogan did. Pick and choose a few events a year and you play around that. “You practice around that, and you gear yourself up for that. I think that’s how I’m going to have to play it from now on. It’s an unfortunate reality, but it’s my reality. And I understand it, and I accept it.”