Taiwan’s military published a war survival handbook for civilians fears grow that China may copy Vladimir Putin and invade the island. Taiwan, claimed by China as its own territory, has raised its alert level since the Russian invasion, wary of Beijing possibly making a similar move on the island, though it has reported no signs this is about to happen. The survival handbook includes information on how to locate nearby bomb shelters via smartphone apps, along with finding water and food supplies, as well as tips for preparing emergency first aid kits. The 28-page guide uses comic strips and pictures with advice on how to survive a military attack, with examples such as how to distinguish air raid sirens and ways to shelter from missiles. In a news conference, Liu Tai-yi, an official of the ministry's All-out Defence Mobilisation unit,"(We) are providing information on how citizens should react in a military crisis and possible disasters to come.” He added that this guide would boost safety preparedness and help people survive, adding that the military would issue further updates with localised information containing the sites of shelters, hospitals and shops for daily needs.  According to defence ministry spokesman Sun Li-fang, the handbook also contains information that "the general public can use as an emergency response guideline in a military crisis or natural disaster.” While Taiwan has not reported any signs of an imminent invasion, China has never formally renounced the use of force to bring Taiwan into its control. It comes amid reports Taiwan's defence ministry has set up a working group to study the tactics of the war in Ukraine, including how the country has been able to hold out against Russia and has been discussing this with the United States. The possible impact of the war on China's military thinking on Taiwan, and how China could attack the island, has been widely debated in official circles in Taipei. READ MORE: Xi bolsters terrifying nuclear arsenal as China scrambles to deter US Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of parliament, Defence Minister Chiu Kuo-cheng said they had had "contact" with foreign countries to talk about how the war was being fought, and had set up their own working group to study it. Without giving many details, he noted that topics Taiwan is following include Russia's poor military performance and Ukraine's resistance. Mr Chiu added: "It is not only discussed in exchange meetings between the United States and Taiwan, but also discussed with other countries that have regular contacts with Taiwan.” DON'T MISS: Putin's doomsday 'Dead Hand' device fires 30 nukes at once [ANALYSIS] Xi bolsters terrifying nuclear arsenal as China scrambles to deter US [REVEAL] New 'lethal' weapons Britain will send Ukraine to obliterate Russia [INSIGHT] Taiwan's team studying Ukraine includes academics from the National Defence University, he said. He continued: "However, we will not make remarks rashly, but through internal discussions which are important, to get results that are helpful for building armaments and preparing for war." 