The popular game show Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? was hosted by Chris Tarrant from 1998 up until 2004 before Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson took the reins on ITV. Considered one of the biggest scandals in television, the former army major, Charles Ingram, had bagged £1million before his cheating tactic was uncovered. However, Chris has since recalled the event and claimed the player was under suspicion moments after being handed the cheque. Charles and his wife Diana Ingram were accused of a sensational coughing scandal involving members of the audience. Charles had got into the "hot seat" but used two lifelines early, ending the day at £4,000 and with only the 50/50 lifeline remaining. While showrunners doubted he would proceed much further when filming resumed, Charles floored the production team and reached the jackpot of £1million. However, Chris has since opened up about how the fraudster was caught in tell-all book It’s Not A Proper Job. READ MORE:Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series He said: "I went back towards the Ingrams’ dressing room to congratulate them. “But I was stopped in my tracks by Eve, a lovely girl in our research team who was sobbing. “What’s wrong, Eve?’ I asked. ‘It’s been the most amazing night.’ “No,’ she said, ‘The Major has just told me very forcibly to get out of his dressing room and eff off. “I went to see them with a big bottle of champagne, but they were having this massive row.” "Now, it doesn’t matter who you are, and how unhappy you may be as a couple, if you have just won £1million, surely you would be in a celebratory mood?" Their argument was a cause for concern, prompting the production team to start trawling through the tapes. After careful inspection, ITV bosses eventually discovered a pattern of coughing coming from the audience. Fellow contestant Tecwen Whittock was heard coughing over Chris after the host had read out the correct answer out of the four possible options. This gave Charles confirmation on which one was correct. The police were called and the three suspects Charles, Diana and Tecwen went on trial at Southwark Crown Court. Jurors heard there were 192 coughs recorded during the second night of the show and the court ruled all three were guilty and later convicted of procuring the execution of a valuable security by deception on April 7, 2003. Charles and Diana Ingram protested their innocence during an excruciating interview on This Morning back in April 2013. Charles told Phillip Schofield and Fern Britton: “I won the money perfectly, honestly, fairly and squarely and while I was sitting there in the centre of the studio I did not notice any coughing at all. “I was entirely unaware of it, as for the victims, I’ve heard a lot of people say this is a victimless crime, well actually there are victims. “The three defendants were the victims. We should not have been found guilty on the evidence that was presented in court. “We were found guilty on a very good story," he told the hosts. 