Paris Saint-Germain are reportedly set to hold further discussions over the signing of Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea at the end of the season. The Belgian is understood to be "gutted" with the way his season has panned out following his £97.5million club-record transfer from Inter Milan last August. Lukaku's return to west London started on the perfect note as he tore Arsenal to shreds before firing a brace against Aston Villa. But injuries and a dry patch soon halted his impressive start before a controversial interview with Sky Italia - in which he downplayed his move to Chelsea - soured his relationship with supporters. The 28-year-old has just five Premier League goals in 20 matches and there is a sense he could now be sold after failing to convince Thomas Tuchel that he is worthy of being a regular starter. According to transfer insider Dean Jones, PSG are now set for 'further discussions' about signing Lukaku before the start of next season. READ MORE: Man City goalkeeper Scott Carson 'offers out' Sime Vrsaljko in new Atletico tunnel clip With Kylian Mbappe expected to depart for Real Madrid on a free transfer, there could be plenty of funds to play with. There is also an understanding that Chelsea may need to take a significant hit on Lukaku, given that no club is likely to pay £97.5m to take him off their hands. A loan plus obligation or option to buy may also help potential suitors afford any deal. Inter Milan would be Lukaku's preferred destination but the centre-forward has jeopardised his relationship with the club's supporters following his controversial exit. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal Nerazzurri fans held up a banner in December confirming their ill feelings towards Lukaku, it read: “It doesn’t matter who runs away in the rain, it matters who stays in the storm. Bye Romelu.” Chelsea could yet sign another striker when the summer transfer window opens. Tuchel will have Southampton loanee Armando Broja back at the club though following his impressive spell on the South Coast. Other options include Robert Lewandowski, who is expected to leave Bayern Munich with Barcelona also keen. Darwin Nunez is also believed to be on Chelsea's radar with the Uruguayan expected to be sold by Benfica. Chelsea will also have the option to re-sign Tammy Abraham from Roma following his excellent debut campaign in Italy. Timo Werner is also facing an uncertain future at Chelsea, despite his recent upturn in form. He could yet return to the Bundesliga with Italian clubs also monitoring the situation.