Aston Martin are on a “rapid timescale” as part of their five-year plan to win the F1 title. The British manufacturer are “learning very fast” about the new regulations, according to Aston Martin driver ambassador Jessica Hawkins. Speaking to Express Sport, the 27-year-old explained how the team is working to “find lots of performance” in their car soon. Hawkins said: “I mean I think every team is in the same situation. We’re learning and we’re learning fast. We’re just at the beginning of the second year of our five year plan so we’re working on a rapid timescale. “We will hopefully be finding lots of performance in the not too distant future.” Aston Martin have had a difficult start to the 2022 campaign and has no points after the first two races. The team have struggled to extract pace from their Mercedes powertrain but were closer to the pack in Saudi Arabia than Bahrain. They have also suffered the double blow of losing their lead driver Sebastian Vettel for the first two races after he caught coronavirus. The team set out its ambitious title targets at the launch of their 2021 car last season. READ MORE: Sebastian Vettel set for F1 return after missing first two races However, the plan got off to a poor start after the team finished seventh in the standings. It came just a year after the Silverstone based team almost finished third in the points under its Racing Point guise in 2020. Aston Martin is also expected to move into a new factory towards the end of the season. Last year, they claimed this would have “state of the art tools” that will ensure the team can “design and develop” a car worthy of winning the title. Team owner Lawrence Stroll claimed the team were on the way to success in F1 despite the disappointment of 2021. The team also has a new team principal in 2022 with the introduction of Mike Krack in place of Otmar Szafnauer. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell deflects Mercedes blame over power unit [INSIGHT]Mercedes warned by Aston Martin over issue facing Hamilton and Russell [COMMENT]Mercedes boss Toto Wolff was tempted by Sebastian Vettel move [ANALYSIS] Stroll said: "We are hiring brilliant new people every week. Our new factory build is coming along very well. We have a fantastic roster of superb sponsor-partners. We are about to embark on year two of our five-year plan, the objective of which is to win Formula 1 World Championships. "All the ingredients we require are coming together. Mike will play a central and leading role, reporting to [chief executive] Martin Whitmarsh and leading our technical and operational functions, our collective aim being to fulfil those lofty ambitions. We are on our way."