EE has announced exclusive rights to distribute a futuristic piece of tech in the UK. The leading mobile provider has partnered with augmented reality (AR) trailblazer Nreal to release the Nreal Air glasses in the UK later this year. AR tech, as the name suggests, projects digitised images on top of a real-world view. You may have seen this already in apps like the hugely popular Pokemon Go, but the Nreal Air glasses take AR to a whole new level. When you put on the glasses, which are like something straight out of a sci-fi movie, you'll be able to transform your view in multiple ways - such as seeing a massive 201inch digital HD display in front of you which you can use to watch movies and boxsets. You can also use the Nreal Air glasses to create a virtual work display that floats mid-air, access your favourite apps such as Twitter or use it to play AR games around your home. The Nreal Air works in conjunction with a range of leading smartphones via the Nreal Nebula app.  The full UK compatibility list will be announced later at launch. Until now, if you wanted to be able to try out this sci-fi esque experience you'd have to import the Nreal Air. If you went down this route picking up the Chinese-made AR glasses it could cost you as much as £450.  EE hasn't revealed how much they will be selling the Nreal Air for, but if you're interested in the tech then you can register for updates today. Click here to sign up to receive more information on the Nreal Air as and when EE announces it. Discussing the news Alistair Wilson, director of devices and partnerships at EE, said: "We’re working with the best content providers and the most innovative technology companies in the world to create entirely new experiences for our customers. Nreal are at the forefront of AR, and we’re delighted to be the exclusive UK partner for the launch of their new Nreal Air AR glasses." While Peng Jin, co-founder of Nreal, added: "We’re delighted to enter the UK market in partnership with EE and we look forward to building up the AR ecosystem together." 