Married at First Sight Australia season nine left audiences wanting more as the tears, arguments, and tensions were bigger than ever. Whilst many of the couples looked as if they were still loved up, the drama continued to flow during the reunion as Tamara Djordjevic ended up storming off after being questioned about a rumoured phone call she had with Mitch Eynaud the night before he married Ella Ding. As the gang got back together to discuss how their relationships were going and whether they were enjoying "married life" with one another, things soon took an awkward turn. Alessandra Rampolla questioned Tamara about an alleged phone call Mitch made to her the night before his wedding. Confirming the rumours, Tamara explained: "Mitch was really drunk and called me at 2am. He said, 'I know I shouldn't be calling you right now, but I'm thinking about you'." Stunned at what she had said, Mitch clapped back: "Bulls**t! That's crazy. You were not the only person I called." READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... He also added that he didn't say he was "thinking about her" before looking over at an awkward Ella. Wanting more answers from Tamara, Ella, Selin Mengu and Domenica Calarco questioned her further. Ella commented: "It should have been brought up last night, it feels like it's just ammunition." But before they could ask her anything else, she stormed off shouting: "Can I leave? I've had enough. I just don't want to listen to it anymore." She stood in the hallway and sobbed into her hands whilst being comforted by a co-star before returning to the couch and facing everyone. Ella had previously accused Tamara of sabotaging her relationship by sliding her husband's DM's [direct messages] before their final vows. She had told Mike E and Emma that Tamara had invited Mitch out to dinner just days before he dumped her. "She did reach out [to him] before final vows," she said. DON'T MISS...Jackson Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jackson Lonie now? [INSIGHT]Jack Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jack Millar now? [LATEST]MAFS star Marilyse Corrigan explains reason for Franky Spencer split [WATCH] "She wanted to grab dinner with him and Sam [Moitzi] and another mutual friend they had, a guy. "The intentions behind it all [are] pretty grey, to be honest," before going on to say Tamara had caused "drama" between her and Mitch. "Tamara and I didn't really talk, to be honest. She did a few things in the experiment that didn't make it to air. She caused a bit of drama with Mitch and I." The final vow ceremony for Ella and Mitch didn't end with a happily ever after, as she and Mitch seemed to be on different pages. Mitch told her: "How can we walk out of here together as partners when at the moment I don't see this as a substantial relationship? "What I need now is to go back to my life, to my family, to my friends," he added before Ella stormed off with tears in her eyes. Tamara was paired with Brent Vitiello, who she referred to as "averagely short", and Brent described his bride as a "psychopath", which leaves no surprise as to why they didn't stay together. They both still follow one another on social media and seem to have kept somewhat of a nice friendship with each other. Married at First Sight Australia series 9 is available to watch on All4.