So it came as a bit of a shock when a group of teenagers I was quizzing for their thoughts on the trans debate (which just refuses to go away) came back at me with a communal shoulder shrug and a general "dunno". Lord above, if teenagers don't know the answer to something what earthly chance have the rest of us got? I was partly teasing the woke sensibilities of the younger generation of course, as British dads are required to do by law, but I was also genuinely stumped by the apparently insoluble trans question which has taken on "is there a god?" and "where did the universe come from?" proportions. Seriously, how do you solve a problem like transgender? I assumed younger, more limber, minds might have the answer. But apparently they don't. All my interrogated teens did was pick me up on my nomenclature, as I foolishly mixed-up transgender with trans-sexual (perfectly exemplifying the gotcha mentality of the social media generation by the way). As for concrete solutions to important and pressing questions... they were as clueless as us bewildered gammons. But they are important questions.  Can a woman have a penis? How do you acceptably shoehorn an athlete who was born male into a women's cycle race? How is it sensible that trans athletes can only compete in drug-free sport so long as they take drugs? How can a trans person ever be safe in a standard prison - either male or female? Is it really on for NHS staff to be happy that a patient can self identify and pick their ward? Should a human not in possession of a cervix be allowed into a women-only safe space? How can trans men ever compete against CIS men and ever hope of winning? Why is it all so aggressive? And why are we all supposed to hate JK Rowling - a woman who seems to have done nothing but write some reasonably charming books and been quite keen on women's rights? (And god save us from single sex toilets - surely the bastion of the barbarian.)    I have absolutely no idea. Nobody does. Just look at the way the Labour top team tied themselves up in contradictory PC knots over women and penises before Emily Thornberry and Angela Rayner at least had the sense to say they refused to answer the question because it was a non-question. I had some sympathy. Cosmologists will tell you that the answer to the question "where did the universe come from?" is unknowable because all physical laws break down and rationality and sense disappear over an event horizon which is simply incomprehensible to the human brain. I feel much the same way when someone asks "can a woman have a penis?" Still, never let it be said that I ever let lack of expertise stop me from having an opinion. It seems to me we are going to have to get comfortable with a new working arrangement of four genders: male, female, transman and transwoman and everyone on each side of this particular equation is going to have to get over themselves a little bit and, god forbid, even concede an inch or two on their intransigent positions. And yes I know we're reliably assured there are 72 genders, but there really aren't. So anyone who feels they don't quite fit into one of the four groups is just going to have to call on that much under-rated human attribute - compromise. (And I know this will make the already teeth-grindingly tedious winter Olympics at least two weeks longer as we add the two new trans categories, but no-one said compromise was easy.) And yes I know a trans woman is a woman and a trans man is a man, but it just makes the paperwork so much easier if we do it my way. So, there you go, a solution to the whole angry, divisive trans debate. Not quite convinced though are you? Me neither. New plan, I'm going to shrug my shoulders and say "I dunno"... 