The Channel 4 hit originally aired from 2000 to 2010 and was hosted by Davina McCall before moving to Channel 5 until 2018. The show started as a social experiment and went on to become a fan favourite, later getting its own Celebrity version. Its popularity began to waiver as more viewers were seeking entertainment from X-Factor and Strictly Come Dancing, ultimately ending with the show being axed. However, there have reportedly been talks amongst producers to bring the show back with scheduling to be made after Love Island has aired. A TV source has reportedly told The Sun: "ITV is the home of big appointment telly. They know better than anyone how to put on big live events. "They think putting it on ITV2 will open it up to a new audience and legion of younger fans. They are really keen on getting the deal done on Big Brother and hope to have something firm to announce soon. "The talks are still at an early and delicate stage, and the next few weeks will be key, [and] it needs the full treatment, and they're confident they are the ones who can return it to its legendary former glory. "It has millions of fans and is one of the most iconic TV shows of its generation." READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames A A spokesperson for ITV declined to comment when contacted by Express.co.uk. The original premise of the show saw members of the public put in a house together and recorded the day and night. Big Brother was ground-breaking when it first launched in 2000 and launched the careers of many household names, such as Alison Hammond, Jade Goody, Josie Gibson and Nikki Grahame. Fans of the show took to social media to express their excitement regarding the rumours of its return. On Twitter, @alibabakordi joked: "If #bigbrother is coming back to @itv2, I want same format, same style house, same tasks, celeb big brother, and same presenters in @EmmaWillis and @Rylan. If #ITV doesn’t meet my demands, then count me out, please!! Thanks, #bigbrother." @Iainhind added: "Just saying if @itv2 are doing a series of #bigbrother, I'm wanting to be the very first contestant on it." @MONeill1996 said: "#BigBrother is allegedly coming back…This is my moment." Sarah Chandler commented: "I hope it’s not going to turn into Love Island 2.0. Also, Celeb BB needs to make a return! #BigBrother." DON'T MISS...Rylan ‘can’t believe’ Alison Hammond's This Morning role came so late [INSIGHT]Rylan calls for Big Brother to come back ‘Changed my life!’  [LATEST]Davina McCall slams cancel culture for targeting people’s old tweets [WACTH] Former winner of the 13th series and host of Big Brother's bit on the side, Rylan Clark, tweeted a straight face emoji, with user @scoops270 teasing: "Come on, you know you want to spill #bigbrother." Whilst @James_Hancock13: "They’ve announced they’re in talks to bring #bigbrother back, and I’ve spent the morning planning my entrance look as well as my winner's outfit." (sic) Rylan recently called for the show to return in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk and said: "I ended up getting a career from Big Brother and a husband. "Yeah, it changed my life. Big Brother changed my life, Big Brother needs to come back." With reports of the show's return, many will be thinking back to some of the past contestants' most iconic moments, especially remembering Nikki Grahame. Nikki took fifth place in the seventh series and stole the hearts of the nation with her humour and explosive rants. The star tragically died aged just 38 last year, after a battle with anorexia, with Channel 4 recently releasing a documentary surrounding her success and struggles. Her mum Sue spoke of her daughter's health battle on This Morning, explaining that Nikki dreaded eating if she couldn't exercise. Speaking about the Covid lockdowns, she said: "In order for her to eat, she needs to know she can exercise, so when they [the gyms] closed, it was quite a worry, the isolation as well. "I asked her if she would come and stay with me, but she said she needs to be in her home."