Channel 5’s Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen and her husband Clive live and work on their 2,000-acre farm and their brood regularly tends to their many animals. Filmed on Ravenseat Farm, the couple and their nine children have grabbed the hearts of viewers across the country with their fly-on-the-wall-style docuseries and the breakout star has since made a number of TV appearances in which she talks about her kids, who help out on the farm in between school-life. In a recent episode, daughters Clemmy, Annas and Nancy took a short break from their farming chores, which had been set by their older brother Reuben,  when the cheeky trio got distracted by a running stream nearby. Reuben handed over a rake to Clemmy and instructed: “Don’t hit anyone with it.” “How many fields do we have to do?” she asked. Her brother replied: “Just a little one, I think it will still take you a while though.” “Come on, I’ll show you,” he said while addressing his sisters. READ MORE:MasterChef contestant sparks concern with chicken feet and blood stew Kicking the grass over with his foot, Reuben explained: “Right then guys, now we want to make sure it dries on both sides so it wants to turn over really. “If you turn it over enough, then you can feed Tony [the pony] on it.” The TV star went on to quip: “Not that Tony needs anymore feeding." Amanda’s youngest, five-year-old Nancy, appeared to struggle before her brother gave her a nudge and asked for a demonstration. “Turn it over, so the green bit is up,” he told Nancy before the star chuckled: “Turn it upside down a bit more before raking it." Turning to his other two sisters, Reuben stated: “Clemmy, you go that end of the field and you go in the middle Annas.” "There’s no distance big enough for them guys with rakes,” he told Channel 5 viewers. With repairs to tackle back in the garage, Reuben was hopeful his younger siblings would stick to their task. In her brother’s absence, Annas appoints herself as team leader of the group and makes sure to direct her sisters in the meantime. “You can start on that side,” she instructs while pointing to a fresh part of the grass. Annas then grumbles to the camera: “This is taking [a] long [time], I wish I was driving a tractor.” While kicking the grass, the eight-year-old muttered: “I’m bored.” Leading her sisters astray, Annas suggests: “Guys, let’s go because this is getting boring." The siblings mischievously down tools and head over the stream while Clemmy skips off and says: “I wanna play on the beach.” “I might be able to get to the other side,” Annas says as she begins to take wide strides across the water and successfully makes it to the other side. “Uh oh, Reuben’s here,” Clemmy exclaims as she spots her brother from a distance standing near a nearby truck. “Let’s go back to work!” she exclaims getting her sisters back in check. Our Yorkshire Farm episodes are available to stream on My5