Britons have been making the most of the glorious weather over the last few days, with many pictured on the beach or enjoying picnics in the park. However, meteorologists have warned the UK could see temperatures dip from the highs seen on Friday. Temperatures in London could fall to as low as 7C on Monday, according to the weather service website WXCHARTS. Conditions in Wales could be even colder at just 3C. Tuesday will see mercury dip yet again. Parts of England could see temperatures drop to as low as 2C. Whereas, Wales is forecast to see minimum temperatures reach just 1C. JUST IN: Hot weather forecast: Britain to bake in 20Cs as Bank Holiday scorcher rages on - maps The forecast comes after St James's Park witnessed temperatures reach 23.4C on Good Friday. The Bank Holiday high beat the previous record for 2022, which was set at 20.8C in London on March 23 and Cornwall on March 25. Despite a dip in temperature next week, Brits can still expect to see mild conditions on Sunday, with WXCHARTS suggesting temperatures could hover around 15C. Speaking about the temperatures, Met Office forecaster Simon Partridge told the Sun: "It’s so rare to get decent weather on a Bank Holiday weekend. "It’s normally chucking it down! "Temperatures will remain high for the time of the year but will fall from Sunday." Mr Partridge added: "Friday was the warmest day of the year so far with most of England dry and sunny. "Skies were blue and many enjoyed a very nice start to the Easter weekend." However, Easter Sunday is also expected to bring mixed conditions in the UK. Neil Armstrong, the Met Office's chief meteorologist, said earlier in the week: "Most people will see some spells of decent bank holiday weather this weekend, and it will feel warm in places, particularly for the first half of the Easter break. DON'T MISS: Sunniest beach in the UK named for Easter heatwave [INSIGHT] UK weather forecast: Sizzling 21C French jet stream to cook Britain [REPORT] UK set for HOTTEST Easter on record as 75F African plume to blast B... [ANALYSIS] "However, a low-pressure system will affect the northwest of the UK later Sunday, bringing unsettled weather to the north with some strong winds and rain in the northwest, which could impact driving conditions for some, but further south it will be drier, especially in the southeast. "There will be varying amounts of cloud, but temperatures are widely likely to be above average for the time of year, although low cloud might keep temperatures lower in coastal areas. "However, where the sun comes out people can expect some very pleasant spring conditions." Looking ahead to later next week, the UK's national weather service issued a forecast which said: "Rain clears east Monday, easing quickly as it does so. "Warm ahead of this, with cooler air following. "Sunshine and scattered showers [on] Tuesday and Wednesday, heaviest Wednesday with a risk of hail [and] thunder."