The state pension is viewed as important for many people, but the way the system works has frustrated some. The differences between the basic and new state pension have been difficult for some to swallow. At present, the full new state pension is worth £185.15 per week, but the full basic state pension is worth £141.85 per week. People will get different amounts, usually dependent on their National Insurance record. Britons have previously expressed confusion, and even outrage at the differences. Express.co.uk spoke to Andrew Tully, technical director at Canada Life, who outlined the two systems. READ MORE: State pensioners may see sum affected if in a workplace pension The new state pension was first introduced in 2016, which Mr Tully said was to provide “a sense of fairness and simplify the whole system”. However, state pension rules are important to bear in mind, as not everyone will get the full sum. Mr Tully explained: “Not everyone who retires in the next few years will get this amount. “This is due to the way the system works between old and new.” DON'T MISSNationwide offers 2.5% interest rate account but for a ‘limited time' [INSIGHT]State pensioners face ‘very difficult time’ ahead - how to get support [LATEST]State pension warning as millions to work past 66 [EXCLUSIVE] Individuals who have qualifying years for work in years before April 5, 2016 will see a ‘starting amount’ worked out by the DWP. The Government explains this is the higher of: Many people may have also experienced an issue known as “contracting out”, Mr Tully highlighted. This means a starting amount could include a deduction if a person was in certain pension schemes, such as workplace or personal pensions before April 6, 2012. Individuals may have paid lower National Insurance contributions to pay into one of these pensions instead. Mr Tully continued: “Your starting amount could be less than, more than or equal to the full new state pension. “Anyone who claimed the state pension before 2016 will have retired under the old system. “This provides a basic state pension, worth a maximum of £141.85 from April, plus an earnings related amount through the additional state pension.” When receiving the state pension, people will need to be aware of the rules which surround the payment. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Doing so will remove any preconceptions about amounts, how the sum is issued, and when a person will receive their amount. Mr Tully concluded: “The state pension system is horrendously complicated. “Unfortunately, that means errors do occur. “It’s always worth double-checking that you are not only receiving the right amount, but you may also be entitled to a widows benefit or Pension Credit.” A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "The new state pension was introduced in 2016 to provide a clearer, simpler and more sustainable system for the future. “Our state pension forecast tool – available on GOV.UK – provides an easy way for people to get an estimate of how much state pension they can expect, when they can get it, and how to increase it, if they can.” 