Tennis favourite Naomi Osaka was "almost crying" after she defeated Belinda Bencic to reach the Miami Open final. She'll take on Iga Swiatek at the Hard Rock Stadium in what will be her first WTA Tour final in more than a year. Osaka, 24, returned to Miami as an unseeded entrant and sat 77th in the WTA rankings, but the pressure is unrelenting on one of the sport's most recognisable faces. One couldn't have guessed that was the case as she came back from a set down to defeat Bencic 4-6, 6-3, 6-4, firing in a joint-career-best 18 aces against her Swiss semi-final opponent. That's also the most aces any player has recorded in a WTA match so far this season, a warning to final foe and second seed Swiatek. And it was plain to see how much the triumph meant to a player whose last appearance in a Tour final came at the 2021 Australian Open. "Damn, I’m almost crying," an emotional Osaka said in her post-match interview. "This tournament means a lot to me. It’s my first time in the final here and I’m really thankful. It’s been a while since I've been in a final - I think it was the Australian Open last year - so thank you guys so much, I really love you from the bottom of my heart." READ MORE Daniil Medvedev blames Hurkacz loss on 'garbage balls' as Djokovic remains world No 1  She emerged as a straight-sets victor over Jennifer Brady in that Melbourne match-up last year and will hope fortune favours her again in Florida. Osaka has her work cut out for her in attempting to topple Swiatek, who is yet to drop a set in Miami and has already bested seeded stars Petra Kvitova (No. 28), Jessiva Pegula (16) and Cori Cauff (14). Bencic led their head-to-head record three wins to one coming into Thursday's semi-final, and Osaka was typically modest in her post-match review. "Honestly, I don’t think I figured her out at all," the Japanese superstar told reporters. "I hit a couple of really good serves and she just hit winners on them. I felt like all I could really do is keep fighting and somehow I managed to win. She's an amazing player and I wish I had her return!" DON'T MISS Nick Kyrgios fined £46,000 in a week as ATP confirm latest fine for Miami Open conduct Daniil Medvedev to be banned from Wimbledon unless he signs anti-Vladimir Putin forms Novak Djokovic confirmed to play four tournaments as brother admits lack of games struggle    Her rap sheet against Swiatek, 20, makes for more positive reading given Osaka won their only previous clash 7-6(4), 6-4 at the 2019 Canadian Masters. Swiatek is in a different vein of form this time around, however, and will become the first player from Poland to hold world No. 1 status when the new rankings are released on April 4. "I am excited for sure [about facing Osaka in the final], but on the other hand for me, the most important job is this is a match like any other," she said after beating Pegula to clinch a 16th straight win. "I don't want to change my routines, I don't want to change my attitude, because it's been working out pretty well. I'm going to treat it like any other match."