Barcelona have discussed the prospect of offering three players to Arsenal in exchange for centre-back Gabriel Magalhaes, according to reports in Spain. The Catalan giants are set to continue their ambitious recruitment drive following the appointment of Xavi last November, as they bid to retake their place at Europe's top table. The Spaniard has already moved to sign Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Ferran Torres and Adama Traore on loan in January and more big names could follow in due course. Barcelona have already wrapped up the signings of Franck Kessie and Andreas Christensen for next season on free transfers from AC Milan and Chelsea respectively. Now SPORT in Spain are reporting that Barcelona are lining up Gunners stalwart Gabriel as they look to bolster their options at the back. It's claimed Barca have discussed sending Memphis Depay, Neto or Riqui Puig the other way as part of a swap deal. READ MORE: ​​Arsenal braced for five summer departures and six more could follow to boost transfer fund Arsenal are set for a big summer of spending as they look to force their way back into reckoning but the Gunners' transfer plans will be shaped around incomings, as opposed to major sales. While the Emirates Stadium may not be his destination, Depay is a player that could return to the Premier League following his miserable spell with Manchester United. Tottenham have been linked with the Dutchman, who has been cast aside by Xavi, in recent weeks. While Barcelona's new lucrative £235million Spotify sponsorship deal has given them extra leverage in the transfer market, the board are also mindful of balancing the books due to recent overspending that almost crippled the club. That's why a number of Barcelona's fringe players are expected to be offered around in part-exchange deals. Barca are keen to replace both Clement Lenglet and Samuel Umtiti, who will both be pushed towards the door after falling well down the pecking order. Gabriel is the man on their radar after being snapped up from Lille by Arsenal in September 2020. DON'T MISS​​Arsenal braced for five summer departures and six more could follow to boost transfer fundArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting BenficaArsenal's perfect summer transfer window consists of four signings including two strikers He has made quite the impressive under Mikel Arteta, so much so, that he is now in the frame to be named in Brazil's World Cup squad for Qatar later in the year. His passing ability out from the back is said to be of interest to Xavi, who likes his team to build up slowly from defence. Arsenal are not expected to entertain the idea of offloading Gabriel though, who has been one of the players central to his rebuild. The 24-year-old has formed an established partnership alongside Ben White at the heart of the Gunners' defence. Gabriel has marshalled Arsenal to 13 clean sheets in 27 Premier League outings this season, despite two shaky performances in the back-to-back defeats to Crystal Palace and Brighton. Arsenal are set for a big summer of spending as they look to force their way back into reckoning but the Gunners' transfer plans will be shaped around incomings, as opposed to major sales. While the Emirates Stadium may not be his destination, Depay is a player that could return to the Premier League following his miserable spell with Manchester United. Tottenham have been linked with the Dutchman, who has been cast aside by Xavi, in recent weeks.