While at the Rada London drama school as a young woman, she mixed with the likes of Albert Finney, Alan Bates and Peter O'Toole but was won over by Irish actor Richard Harris, who auditioned her for a part in a play. Their wedding reception at the House of Lords in 1957 announced their arrival into a world of glamour and they had three sons before divorcing in 1969. But living with a big-spending, hard-living wildman who had Hollywood moguls in awe of his screen presence had terrible downsides. Harris was prone to alcohol-fuelled rages and unpredictable behaviour. A low point came in 1965 while filming in Hawaii, when he ran in and out of moving cars, banging the bonnets with his fists. In 1971, Elizabeth married debonair Rex Harrison, whom she had admired since the age of 21 after seeing him as Professor Higgins in My Fair Lady. Her sons were sent to boarding school and the couple lived at a former shooting lodge on Cap Ferrat in France. Despite the opulence and surroundings, he was a cruel, bullying man and they were not happy. Her third husband was Canadian investment banker Peter Aitken, a cousin of her fourth husband, Jonathan Aitken. Born in Glamorgan in Wales, her father David Rees-Williams was Labour MP for Croydon. He served in Clement Attlee's cabinet but switched to the Liberals and, in 1950, became Baron Ogmore. After a spell at a convent school in Switzerland, in 1954 she was one of the last "debutantes" to be presented to the Queen. Although she had the looks and poise, she never made it as a top actress. In 1976, she won praise for her book, Love, Honour And Dismay chronicling the joy and pain in her earlier marriages to Hollywood legends. She finally found peace and contentment with Jonathan Aitken, whom she married in 2003. She was given away by her sons Jamie, Damian and Jared. Her new husband had been given an 18-month prison term for perjury but while inside found Christianity and is now a prison chaplain. Harris Aitken died in hospital following a long illness. She is survived by her husband and sons. /news/obituaries/1600167/actress-Elizabeth-Harris-Aitken-obituary