The fifth season of Yellowstone could bring about yet another seismic change for the ranch-owners when it comes back from its current hiatus. Taylor Sheridan’s Western crime drama has become a smash hit for the Paramount Network over the last few years, and clues from the previous season have convinced some fans a shocking fate for Monica Dutton (played by Kelsey Asbille) is just around the corner. Fans of Yellowstone believe Kayce Dutton’s (Luke Grimes) visions could be eluding towards the death of his wife, Monica. In the latest season, Kayce and Monica leave the ranch to protect their son Tate (Brecken Merrill) after the horrific attack on the Duttons. Monica soon confirms she’s pregnant with their second child, giving Kayce even more responsibility to shield his family from their enemies. However, the ranch hand is troubled by threatening visits from local wildlife, including an owl and a wolf, and seeks out Thomas Rainwater (Gil Birmingham) of the Broken Rock Reservation for guidance. READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ Some viewers are now concerned the owl’s appearance could be a symbolic omen for how Monica and Kayce’s story will end over the next seasons. Reddit user Jared_from_Quiznos explained: “At the start of the season finale of season 4, Kayce is sitting/lying around when he sees an owl fly past. “Native Americans see that as a bad omen and seeing an owl means death is coming.” At the end of the season, Thomas and Mo (Mo Brings Plenty) take Kayce into the wilderness to take part in a Native American ritual. Kayce forces himself to endure the elements with no food or water, and experiences visions in the hopes of finding clarity. He imagines himself talking to Monica’s potential romantic rival, Avery (Tanaya Beatty), and even has a conversation with his dead brother, Lee (Dave Annable). Although some have predicted Kayce will leave his wife for Avery, her introduction in season four along with the appearance of an owl could be foreshadowing Monica’s death. With Monica dead, Avery could step in to provide some comfort for Kayce and help raise his two children while he mourns his wife. DON'T MISS:Life After Life cast on sharing apartments with MAFS stars [INSIGHT]NCIS LA theory: Callen betrays Kilbride to unearth past [THEORY]Outlander boss teases more time-travellers after Wendigo twist [SPOILERS] The Reddit theory continued: “The fact that he didn’t like what he saw during his quest, and that he told Monica that he saw the ‘end of us’... “I think it goes one of two ways. Either she dies or he leaves her and Tate to spare their lives.” Monica had been growing increasingly frustrated with their life at Yellowstone, as John Dutton’s (Kevin Costner) ranch is one of the most coveted pieces of land in the United States. Although the orchestrator of the Dutton attacks, Garrett Randall (Will Patton), is now dead, the Duttons will always have enemies trying to get their hands on the ranch. In fact, season four concluded with Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver) swearing to Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly) her work with Market Equities is far from over, and will be back with guns blazing to claim the land for herself. Kayce and Monica might feel safe in their new home, but it may not take long for Caroline to track them down and use them in her master plan. Has Kayce seen a glimpse of his future without Monica? Or will their new home remain a safe haven away from the dangers of the ranch which will undoubtedly threaten the Duttons next season? Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on the Paramount Network in the USA now. Yellowstone seasons 1-3 are available to stream on PlutoTV in the UK.