Tottenham star Emerson Royal has told reports that he is aware of interest from Atletico Madrid to bring him back to Spain. The star signed for Tottenham in the summer from Barcelona for a fee of £26million, but has refused to rule out a move to the Spanish capital if a bid is made.  BREAKING: Man Utd begin work on Kalvin Phillips transfer as welcoming present for Erik ten Hag Royal, 23, joined Spurs after two solid loan spells at Real Betis. The club were in need of a right-back after Serge Aurier departed the club having failed to properly fill-in for Kieran Trippier. Royal produced a spate of poor performances in the first half of the season, leaving Matt Doherty to replace him and manager Antonio Conte searching for a replacement. But recent performances have shown that Emerson has the credentials to play in the Premier League after his slow start to the campaign. Those performances have reportedly piqued the interest of Atletico Madrid, who are in need of a right-back after Trippier incidentally left for Newcastle in the January transfer window. And Emerson is aware of the interest, whilst also refusing to say never at a potential switch.  READ MORE Erik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new managerThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossMan Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool battle past Benfica “Yes, it has reached me that Atletico has been interested in me,” Emerson told Cadena SER. “But now I’m in a good moment at Tottenham; I don’t know what will happen in the future. I like that teams are watching my football.” Conte previously praised the performance of the Brazilian after his outing for the club against Brighton back in February. "He needed this goal - his performance was really top tonight. He played very well," Conte said. "Don't forget Emerson is only 23 years old. To come over here and play in another league is not simple. But he is a good player and knows there's a lot of space for improvement. To score a goal is important for his confidence."  Tottenham currently sit fourth in the league table after a superb run of recent form. However, they will have to carry on in their current fashion if they are to qualify for the Champions League amidst pressure from Arsenal and Manchester United. 