Timo Werner's advisor Volker Struth travelled to Italy this week to meet with Juventus, AC Milan and Atalanta as he seeks to find new clubs for two of his important clients. Chelsea's German international is expected to depart Stamford Bridge after two seasons in west London, where things simply have not worked out for the 26-year-old following his £47.5million switch from RB Leipzig in June 2020. Werner's future could hinge on the sanctions currently posed against Chelsea due to the club's previous involvement with former owner Roman Abramovich. However, there is optimism that the Blues will have their new owners finalised and in place within the next few months before the transfer window reopens. Last Saturday's 4-1 defeat to Brentford threatens to be the final straw for Werner at Chelsea, after he turned in yet another dismal performance. In the background, his agent Struth is already actively seeking an exit route for the underperforming, confidence-shy forward. READ MORE: PSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twist A return to Germany with Borussia Dortmund has been mooted but Struth is also keen to explore alternative avenues into other European leagues. One of which is Serie A, having travelled to Italy this week to sit down with chiefs from Juventus, AC Milan and Atalanta. Express Sport understands Werner was not the only subject under discussion though, although he was one topic of conversation. Struth also represents Benfica midfielder Julian Weigl, who appears to be unhappy in Lisbon. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'issued Man Utd transfer ultimatum' involving Ralf Rangnick during interviewTottenham 'reconsider Lautaro Martinez' transfer after agreeing £60m deal last summerMan Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' battling Erik ten Hag and Pochettino for job Werner would seemingly favour a return to the Bundesliga, where he has hit 91 goals in 222 appearances with Stuttgart and RB Leipzig. At the time of his departure at the end of the 2019/20 season, Werner was considered to be among the division's finest exports, having rifled home 28 goals in 34 games. The attacker recently threatened to upset the apple cart at Chelsea, when he appeared to declare he was better suited to international football. "I really enjoy playing football, no matter where I'm playing," Werner said. "There are differences in the style of play between football at Chelsea and here. "Maybe the one at the national team suits me better. Here, I always have scoring chances, I can score goals. I feel very comfortable here." Chelsea would reportedly be willing to sell Werner for around 50 per cent of the £47.5m fee shelled out to Leipzig. The Blues are prepared to take a hit in order to move the player on and it looks increasingly likely that Werner will indeed depart before the start of the 2022/23 season.