Craig Revel Horwood has reportedly "confirmed" that Anton Du Beke will return to the BBC flagship competition late this year. Appearing alongside Craig, Shirley Ballas and Motsi Mabuse, Anton was welcomed with open arms as he stepped in for Bruno Tonioli after he was unable to fly home from the United States due to the coronavirus pandemic. It now appears fans will be graced with his appearance on the panel for the 2022 season of the show. Anton was previously a professional dancer on the show and appeared as a panellist and judge in the 2020 and 2021 series. Since the coronavirus pandemic restrictions have eased, there has been talk between fans of the show as to whether Bruno will return to his seat. However, fellow judge and friend Craig has appeared to confirm Anton's return to the BBC competition. Speaking at his All Balls and Glitter UK tour, he is claimed to have said bosses had told the judges that the ballroom dancer would once again be sashaying onto the panel. READ MORE: Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders He said: "I really love Anton. I think he is fantastic. I think last year he did a great job on Strictly as a judge. "And we have just found out he is going to do it again this year." Craig went on to tell the audience that he did miss Bruno, who had been alongside him on the panel since the show began in 2004. He spoke about Bruno's energy and how he struggled to deal with his dramatic performances, adding to The Sun: "He always used to come off and say, 'Darling, I am exhausted'. "And I used to say, 'Well, you created this character, darling.' I will just sit there. My job is easy." BBC representatives for Strictly Come Dancing have declined to comment. Craig previously described Anton as a "great addition" to the Strictly judging panel and referred to the pair as "Good cop, bad cop". Speaking to Best magazine in 2021, the Strictly judge said: "Anton's a great addition, he knows the process of working with celebrities inside-out, he's been there. DON'T MISS...Strictly judge calls for Anton Du Beke to permanently replace Bruno [INSIGHT]Bruno’s Strictly future in doubt as Craig backs Anton to stay [LATEST]Strictly's Craig Revel Horwood shares 'unusual' judging panel update [WATCH] "Armed with all that information, he's showing great empathy for the celebs – he's more lenient than me. And he's funny. Long may it continue, he's a good egg, Anton. 'We're topping and tailing the ladies on the panel, poor things, except we're about five metres apart, plus there are Perspex screens! We have to lean forward to chat to each other, but that just adds to the fun. "You can say, 'Sorry, Anton, I didn't hear a word you said, darling...' We do love to play Good Cop, Bad Cop." Head judge Shirley Ballas recently called for Anton and Bruno to both return to the panel in the new season of the show. Speaking at the Royal Television Society Awards, she said: "I hope Anton stays, but we could have five seats. I just did the tour with Bruno, and he was on point and on form. "There is nobody like Bruno. He a force to be reckoned with." Shirley also teased audiences about the dancers who could be replacing Oti Mabuse and Aljaz Skorjanec, who both recently left the show. She said: "There are people coming in who are absolutely off the chart, a few home-grown talents. It would be nice to see." Last week the BBC announced that Dianne Buswell, Nadiya Bychkova, Graziano Di Prima, Gorka Marquez, Amy Dowden, Karen Hauer, Katya Jones, Neil Jones, Nikita Kuzmin, Nancy Xu, Cameron Lombard, Luba Mushtuk and Jowita Przystal would be returning to the show. Strictly Come Dancing will return to BBC One later this year.