The musical, which follows the love story of Sandy (played by Olivia Newton-John) and Danny Zuko (John Travolta), faced criticism from fans when it was aired by the BBC on Boxing Day in 2020. Some called for the film to be banned from being broadcast, while others branded the movie "racist, homophobic and rapey". However, the John Travolta hit could face further outrage from fans when it is broadcast on Saturday. According to the TV schedule, Grease is set to be shown at 4.20pm on Channel 4. When the BBC aired the movie over Christmas, the musical started trending on Twitter along with the hashtag MeToo. One of the scenes fans felt uncomfortable with was the drive-in movie scene when Danny takes Sandy on a date. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is The scene saw Danny trying to make a move on his love interest, and Sandy didn't seem happy with the situation and so she stormed off. The lyric “Did she put up a fight?” in the film’s opening song, Summer Nights, also sparked fury from viewers. Towards the end of the film, viewers witnessed Sandy having a dramatic transformation as she dressed up in PVC leggings, a leather jacket and bold red lipstick. At the time, user @KellyQuilt penned: "Ahhh man. Just watching #Grease one of my favourite films and it’s so of its time. Misogynistic, sexist and a bit rapey." (sic) While Tina Willis tweeted: "As a 14-year old I queued for hours at the cinema for this. Watching it now realise how sexist it is! Still love it though." (sic) Steve D added: "#Grease is just the most sexist piece of s***e." (sic) Some viewers did step in to defend the film at the time, with Shane tweeting: "It's a classic movie. Don't like it don't watch it. These people complaining are t*****s and need to wake up as it's not real life." (sic) Paula commented: "All this PC rubbish drives me daft. Everyone has a choice to watch another channel. Why not just turn to something you like and leave people to like what they like. It's that easy." DON'T MISS...'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith  [VIDEO]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Danny 'sent to a shrink in infant school' [NEWS] In February 2021, Olivia Newton-John addressed the backlash the film faced. "I think it’s kind of silly. I mean, this movie was made in the 1970s about the 1950s," the actress began. “It was a stage play, it’s a musical, it’s fun. “It’s a fun movie musical not to be taken so seriously… We need to relax a little bit and just enjoy things for what they are." “I didn’t see it like that at all, I think it’s a fun movie that entertains people," she added in A Life of Greatness podcast. Speaking about being personally criticised throughout her career, Olivia explained: "I don't think anyone likes criticism, I mean if it's constructive criticism I think it can be really beneficial. "I used to suffer from criticism, you'd read a review and you'd see one bad line and you'd focus on that apart from the 90 other nice things that were said. "So, I stopped reading articles and reviews because it can't be upsetting so I just remove myself from that." Express.co.uk has reached out to Channel 4 for comment. Grease will air on Saturday at 4.20pm on Channel 4.