Yellowstone will return to The Paramount Network with season five but some characters have seen their last day. Wade Morrow (played by Boots Southerland) was in the third season for a total of five episodes before he was killed off. Fans are keen to know why he had to die and why actor Southerland left after one season. Wade was introduced in the fifth episode of season three and he worked on the neighbouring ranch to the Duttons. He got into a feud with Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) over the buffalo he was keeping nearby. He and his family took things too far with the Dutton family and revenge was on the cards. Following the ongoing feud, John Dutton (Kevin Costner) felt it was time to take Wade to the 'Train Station'. The range hands decided to hang him and his death takes place in episode nine. READ MORE: Yellowstone's Rip and Carter dinner scene had glaring continuity error As for why actor Southerland left the Western melodrama, it seems it was a directorial decision. Wade was only intended to be a guest star in the series, not a permanent character. Colby star Denim Richards explained why Wade had to die after he ordered the horse stampede on the Dutton ranch. He said Wade's death was karma for crossing the line, telling Paramount viewers: "If you're willing to go after ranch hands to prove a point, what is it that you're not willing to do? "When you have someone like Teeter, who comes into the show and never has any mean bones in her body. "She's somebody who’s just having fun and enjoying themselves, and they are able to just take their horses and kick her down into the ground and stomp her to death. “I would think that the audience should go, 'Yeah they're worthy of whatever comes to them.'” Since leaving the series, Southerland went on to star in The Dead of Night and Those Who Wish Me Dead. The actor was raised on a ranch in Manzanola Colorado and has experience in training horses. He has previously featured in a range of Western films and TV series. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone's Teeter star pays tribute to key crew members in new clip [VIDEO] Yellowstone season 5: Lloyd star delivers filming update on new series [INSIGHT] Yellowstone series explained: What is the Train Station? [EXPLAINER] His credits include Walker, Texas Ranger and Young Riders. Some fans have suggested John Dutton foreshadowed Wade's imminent death earlier in Yellowstone. Wade and John had plenty of history and in one scene, John warned Wade: "You have something that belongs to me." He was referring to the fact Wade was a branded rancher. Before Wade was hung, his brand was ripped from his body. With this in mind, it seems John was always destined to claim back the thing Wade did not deserve. John's ominous warning had left fans scratching their heads for some time. Yet all became clear in the gruesome killing as Wade was stripped of his mark. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on the Paramount Network in the USA now. Yellowstone seasons 1-3 are available to stream on PlutoTV in the UK.