The Walking Dead has been keeping fans at the centre of the action since 2010, and now 12 years later, it is almost at its conclusion. With tensions rising between the Commonwealth and the Hilltop Colony, or simply Hilltop, showrunner Angela Kang has discussed what fans of the show can expect from the last episodes in this cycle of the season. Season 11 has been split into three parts to prolong the finale, with part A wrapping last year and B this month.  Fans of the show will probably agree that Deputy Governor of the Commonwealth Lance Hornsby (played by Josh Hamilton) has been a thorn in Hilltop's side this season. The show's long-time surviving members are unearthing the Commonwealth's intentions, and they are not immensely enjoying everything they are discovering. Recently Lance reached out to a lost soul for an unlikely partnership, Leah (Lynn Collins). Maggie Rhee (Lauren Cohan) has managed to anger both Lance and Leah by killing off members of Leah's team and holding the Hilltop, and not opening its gates to the ownership of the Commonwealth. On the dynamics between the new dangerous alliance and how it may impact Maggie, Angela has some thoughts for viewers. Read More: Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos now?   Discussing the partnership, Angela said: "You've got a couple of people who are out there making trouble, and so more trouble's going to happen as a result of this pairing." Maggie refused Lance's offer of an alliance, which will surely cause drama at the end of the season. After the recent killing of the Commonwealth troops, Hilltop is standing strong with its statement of not being involved. Talking to Entertainment Weekly about whether Lance believes Hilltop and if this will cause trouble, she said: "He thinks they're full of s**t".   "Yeah, 100 per cent. He thinks they're full of s**t." Noting how resourceful the young governor is, she added: "What I'll say about Hornsby is he's the fixer of the Commonwealth. "He works on big problems and makes them go away. "So with this guy, there are 1,000 different moves that he's like, 'click, click, click, click, click.'" DON’T MISS…Dan Walker quits BBC Breakfast as he lands hosting role on Channel 5  [LATEST]'I'm going to get roasted' University Challenge finalists despair over drag slang round [LATEST]Derry Girls writer claims Brexiteers 'didn't know what they were voting for' [LATEST]   Avoiding giving away too much, she ended with: "Running through the gears of his head. Anything beyond that is a spoiler." Leah actress Lynn spoke to Express.co.uk to talk about the future of the show and how it could continue for a long time to come. "First of all, it's never going to end," she said. "Even if a character dies, they now have the Tales [Tales Of The Walking Dead].    "So you could have five episodes talking about a character who's dead because you are seeing their backstory." Although she might not want it to end, she did reveal fans will be "grieving" after the show ends. She continued: "It never really ends but let's be honest, the last episode of season 11, we are all gonna grieve." The Walking Dead is available on AMC in the US and is available on STAR on Disney+ in the UK. 