A day before the memorial service dedicated to his late father, Prince Philip, the Duke of York was spotted horseriding with two grooms on the grounds of Windsor. But the scandal-hit son of the Queen has scarcely been seen in public since the Queen stripped him of his HRH title, and a number of patronages and affiliations. Journalist and Princess Diana biographer, Tina Brown, described the situation around the Duke of York as “utterly grotesque” and a burden on the Queen. She claimed: “All he can do now is go riding – Andrew used to absolutely hate riding by the way.” She told The Telegraph: “But he’s doing a lot of it at the moment because the only person who’ll talk to him is the horse!” Ms Brown described the toll the ordeal has taken on Her Majesty, 95, as she contends with health fears and mobility issues. Earlier this year, the prince settled the case brought against him by Jeffrey Epstein accuser, Virginia Guiffre, with an out-of-court payment of an estimated £12 million. The Duke has vehemently denied the allegations brought against him by Ms Guiffre in the New York court. The settlement is not an admission of guilt. Ms Brown said: “It’s utterly grotesque, the whole Andrew business.” She added: “I was told only yesterday by someone at the Palace just how deeply distressing it has been for the Queen. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry going to Beckham wedding would show 'lack of empathy' “Frankly, if your children can kill you hers will. “Here is this remarkable, elderly woman who is summoning all her strength to get through her Platinum Jubilee and then this bucket of sleaze empties over her family.” The Duke of York, 62, made a controversial appearance at Westminster Abbey for Prince Philip’s Service of Thanksgiving, raising eyebrows as he entered separately with the Queen via Poet’s Corner. With the backdrop of the settled legal case and Prince Andrew’s withdrawal from public life, a royal source claimed the Duke was hoping to use the event as a way to step back into the limelight. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry snubbed over invite [LIVE] Cambridges should ‘absolutely’ move closer to Queen in Windsor – POLL [REVEAL] Kate Middleton 'firm' with 'naughty' George at Pippa's wedding [INSIGHT] A Palace source told the Mirror: "[Prince Andrew] was straight out the blocks in front of the cameras when the Duke of Edinburgh died, which was seen within the family as being completely inappropriate. “Now this situation has unfolded, a fair few hold the view that he is manipulating his position for his own gains. “The Duke of York’s reputation precedes him and he’s made no secret that he’s not ready to fade away into the background, as much as everyone may want him to.” An insider close to the scandal-hit prince said: “In his mind, the situation with the allegations and the court case is firmly closed. “There is no case to answer, he settled for the good of the family and that’s that. “He’s very much of the view that he is a young man and has plenty to offer. “He’s not going to just sit at home and do nothing until the end of his days.” The decision was said to have left Prince Charles, 73, and Prince William, 39, “dismayed” that the Duke would take on such a key role in the televised service. Reports suggest the two heirs to the throne spoke with the Queen on several occasions, the father and son “absolutely united” that Andrew taking the position of the Queen’s escort was “simply unnecessary”. But the Queen batted down these concerns, with sources claiming it was her “wish and final decision” to pick Andrew for the duty.