Unlike with type 2 diabetes, patients with type 1 are unable to produce any insulin. However, your body needs this hormone to turn glucose from your food into energy. That’s why type 1 diabetics have to use insulin injections. But as the artificial pancreas is being trialled, the new technology could replace the constant needle pricks. The artificial pancreas is also known as a hybrid closed-loop system, Diabetes UK explains. It’s designed to keep your blood sugar from going too high or too low. Dr Ng said: “I think it’s absolutely fantastic, I’ve been practising for 25 years in children’s diabetes. “And it’s a game-changer to be able to improve the quality of life, to be able to see that most of the blood glucose readings are within the target range.” READ MORE: High blood pressure warning: Drug recalled as it may cause ‘adverse health consequences’ “It’s very exciting,” the doctor said to BBC. One of the participants trialling the new technology is six-year-old Charlotte. She is one of the 400,000 people living in the UK with type 1 diabetes. As a part of the trial, she has a sensor on her arm that continuously monitors her blood glucose.  Then it sends a reading to a pump, which automatically delivers the insulin she needs. Her mum, Ange Abbott, said: “It’s had such a massive impact. Prior to having the loop, everything was manual. “We’d be up all night - some nights - every hour, every two hours to do finger pricks. “Whereas, now she can be the social child she was before and that just makes me so happy.” The NHS England shared that up to 1,000 patients with the blood-sugar diagnosis will be part of the “landmark” trial. The technology, “designed to revolutionise the life of people with type 1 diabetes”, automatically balances blood sugar levels. It also measures your glucose and delivers insulin when needed through a pump. This means there’s no need for finger prick tests. According to the NHS, warning signs include: The health service stresses it’s important to visit your GP “as soon as possible” if you experience these signs. Type 1 diabetes symptoms can progress quickly, especially when it comes to children.