John Bell & Croyden is a luxury pharmacy with a long and storied history, stretching as far back as 1798, and a holder of the Royal Warrant as Pharmacists to Her Majesty the Queen since 1958. The iconic store, based in Marylebone, London, stocks the best beauty and skincare available from across the globe, with each product hand-picked by a small team of buyers. Many of the brands are British, including iconic names such as Sarah Chapman, 111Skin, Wild Beauty by Rhug, BeautyLab London, Decree Skincare, Floris and many others. Subscribe to the company’s mailing list and get 10% off your next purchase. Offer valid until 7 June 2022. Go to johnbellcroyden.co.uk If you’re facing a divorce, struggling to navigate UK family law or at odds with a former partner over a shared pet, it can pay to get help. Established in 1992, Lloyd Platt & Co is a specialist family and divorce company that offers a wide range of services in the areas of divorce and matrimonial law. It specialises in disputes over children, divorce, cohabitation and financial settlements — particularly in the high-net-worth arena. Lloyd Platt & Co has also worked closely with the Blue Cross animal charity to create the world’s first ‘pet-nuptial’ agreement, a contractual deed that outlines the finer points of pet ownership following the break-up of a relationship. Visit divorcesolicitors.com for more information.  Kitting out your home with the best in homeware is easier than ever with Roov, the ultimate destination for quality homeware. The company offers a range of products for all aspects of life at home, making it as easy and as enjoyable as possible. Roov offers world-class products at affordable prices, with fast shipping and insured delivery on all UK orders. There’s a 12-month guarantee for items that develop faults, while all Maison & White and Pukkr items come with a two-year warranty. Newcomers to Roov will love the obsession with great deals, the secure checkout and amazing loyalty reward scheme. Shop now and get big brand looks, for less. Visit roov.co.uk today. Pioneering British pet food brand Burns Pet Nutrition has reinvented its popular wet food variety to make it even more sustainable. The new range of Burns Wet Food — previously known as Penlan Farm — is hand-cooked in Wales, made with responsibly sourced ingredients and comes in a new and improved recyclable tray. As with everything else made under the Burns moniker, the new wet food is healthy, hypoallergenic, wholesome, highly digestible and made from a single protein source. With tasty varieties such as organic chicken, hearty lamb, wild fish and free-range egg, even the fussiest dogs can get their tails wagging for Burns. Discover your dog’s new favourite meal by visiting burnspet.co.uk If you’re worried about mobile devices disturbing your sleep but need to keep your phone nearby, SleepHalo is a sleek mobile phone charger that incorporates electromagnetic-field shielding and deflects the associated radiation away from your bed. The innovative product is backed by England football captain Harry Kane and, in a recent survey*, 89% of respondents said they slept better with Sleephalo. It works with any phone, either as a wireless charger with radiation protection or, where a phone doesn’t have wireless charging capability, a radiation shield with the phone plugged into its own charging cable. Designed and manufactured in the UK, the thoughtful ergonomic design allows the SleepHalo to be used on either side of your bed. It comes complete with USB lead and mains plug. Visit sleephalo.com to purchase your SleepHalo today. *based on an ongoing SleepHalo survey of 45 respondents at the time of writing Knowing who to trust with your investments can be tricky. That’s why a handful of private investors, disappointed by the way they’d been served by the personal finance industry, decided to take control of their own investments. They came together to form Saltydog Investor and now call on their hard-won experiences and unique insights to help like-minded investors, providing information specifically designed to help people manage their own investments. The team use demonstration portfolios, funded with their own money, to explain how the data can be used. In the past 10 years, Saltydog Investor’s most cautious portfolio, the ‘Tugboat’, has not only significantly outperformed cash ISAs and savings accounts, but even beaten the FTSE 100. If you’d like to know more, visit saltydoginvestor.com Covid-19 has highlighted just how important Marie Curie nursing care is to those living with terminal illness. They provide one-to-one specialist care, either in their homes or in a hospice, as well as support for their loved ones. If you’re thinking of making or updating a Will, Marie Curie can help. Having an up-to-date Will gives you peace of mind that your wishes will be carried out and is a lovely way to care for the people and causes that mean something to you. The website has plenty of advice, including information on the Free Will-writing services which are available to everyone over the age of 18. By including a gift in your Will — even if it’s 1% of your estate — you provide essential funding for Marie Curie nurses so they can be there for more people in the future.  Leave a legacy of love and compassion by visiting mariecurie.org.uk/donate/gift-in-will/free-will-writing-service There’s nothing like a home makeover to brighten your mood. The wide range of products from Hemway Home Collection is just the thing to give your interiors a new lease of life. The high-pigment Chalk Paint provides a smooth, long-lasting, matte finish that will transform your furniture and walls without the need for sanding or priming — perfect for a shabby-chic effect. Hemway also stocks the world’s largest range of Chalk paint colours, with over 116 available. Make the most of the three-for-two sale to create a fresh combination of matte colour walls and stylish sparkling tiles. Use code 3for2 across the full Hemway Home Collection. Offer valid until 31 August 2021. hemway.com A glass veranda or wintergarden from Crocodile brings the outdoors indoors so you can appreciate your garden all year. Styled as contemporary glass canopies featuring a sleek sliding glass door system, they’re a fantastic addition to any property. They’re tastefully designed to suit your requirements and enhance your lifestyle. Take advantage of cover and shade while enjoying the outdoor experience, with the glass roof providing warmth and security — even in the depths of winter. Call 08000 112 234 today or visit crocodile.co.uk to find out more about the full range. Clooper is a technology-driven platform that connects landlords, tenants, tradespeople and homeowners to help make lettings and property management easier and more cost effective. Clooper enables you to manage relationships and responsibilities for your rental properties or home from the convenience of your computer or phone. You can save time and stay in control by finding tenants quickly, signing all tenancy documents and contracts digitally, and connecting with trusted tradespeople. Plus keep everything in one place, receive and make secure payments, and more. In addition, there’s free rent processing and free property advertising included in the monthly fee of £9.49 per property. When landlords sign up to Clooper before the end of September with CLEX2021, they’ll receive a 30-day free trial. Visit clooper.com for more information or sign up here. Offer Valid until 30 September 2021.