Mark Repin, who received a life sentence, was snagged when he posted his location on a police force's Facebook page. Officers headed to the hotel in Nottingham to find the 55-year-old thug in a "very, very poor state". The court heard Repin had travelled approximately 60 miles on day release from HMP North Sea Camp, an open jail, near Boston, Lincolnshire, to the Premier Inn, Nottinghamshire Live reports. He was released on licence at 11.30am and supposed to return by 3.30pm but, when he failed to show, he was reported as an absconder to Lincolnshire Police. Speaking at Nottingham Crown Court on Wednesday, defence lawyer Phillip Bown said the reason for Repin's disappearance was because he was told he would have to do a "work detail" inside which caused him "significant anxiety". Mr Bown added: "When he was released temporarily on this day, he was in such a bad state he withdrew money from his account, took a train to Nottingham, and booked into a Premier Inn using his prison identity. "When he realised what he had done, he posted his whereabouts on Nottinghamshire Police Facebook page, which is why they were able to find him in his hotel. The officers who conducted his arrest said he was in a confused state of mind; in his underclothes and his outdoor clothes were soaking wet." In his police interview, Repin said it was a "moment of madness". Sentencing on Wednesday, Judge Rosalind Coe QC jailed Repin for a further eight weeks. But the court heard he had already been in prison since 1989. The defendant has 18 convictions for 80 offences between February 1977 and May 1989. The judge said: "You have jeopardised your release date by this compulsive act. You were at large for more than eight-and-a-half hours." Repin, who appeared over a video link from HMP Nottingham, said: "I'm so grateful for taking the time to deal with this case for what I have done". No further details were said in court about Repin's murder or an arson conviction, believed to have happened around the same time in 1989. Repin pleaded guilty to remaining at large after temporary release without reasonable excuse under the Prisoners (Return to Custody) Act 1995, an offence he committed on February 28, 2022. The man had been at HMP North Sea Camp since August last year.