Bank holidays are national public holidays and the term refers to the fact banking institutions typically close for business on these days. When this well-loved cultural institution takes place, most other workplaces also close for the day to celebrate what the public holiday is attributed to, and shops, if open, will operate on reduced hours. Bank holidays are a time looked forward to by many, and the UK will see one more than usual this year as the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in June will knock another day off on the calendar for those able to have one. The UK has celebrated three bank holidays so far this year; New Year’s Day, Good Friday, and Easter Monday. Usually, this would leave five fixed bank holidays left, but with the addition of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, England and Wales will now have six, Northern Ireland will have seven, and Scotland will have eight. The next bank holiday the UK is due to celebrate takes place this Monday, May 2.  READ MORE: Every bank holiday left this year - and how to maximise your time off  The reason most workplaces would shut on a bank holiday is that traditionally, they used to not be able to operate without the banks. But does this include schools? Yes, schools are closed on a bank holiday. This means pupils and teachers tend to join the rest of the country in having a day off. Usually, bank holidays tend to fall within school half term dates, however, school term dates do vary by country so it’s important to check the dates relevant to your country.  Half term is a short break in the middle of the school term, which usually consists of one week. To find your child’s school term, half term, and holiday dates, you can check your local council’s website here. Schools tend to have six holidays during the year, falling in February, May, Easter (March/April), Summer, October and Christmas (December). DON'T MISS: Top things children 'must do' before starting school - like feed ducks [ANALYSIS]Historian tells Kate and William to send children to state school [INSIGHT]Free school meals eligibility: Who is entitled and how to apply [EXPLAINED]     School term dates are recommended by local Government to its respective constituencies, and different schools work to different holiday dates. Typically, this would amount to 13 weeks of holiday each year, but this can vary by school so make sure to check your child’s school website for the most accurate information. England and Wales have six bank holidays left of the year, including:  Scotland has the following additional dates: And Northern Ireland also celebrates an additional bank holiday in light of the Anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne on Tuesday, July 12. 