Last week, The Queen made the decision to have her "favourite son" Prince Andrew accompany her to the memorial service for her late husband, the Duke of Edinburgh. Her Majesty's decision meant she "reluctantly" gave in to Prince Charles and Prince William's demands to sideline Andrew. Speaking on the latest episode of Pop Daily, host Justin Sylvester discussed Andrew's prominent role at the memorial and how Prince Charles and William "had to protect themselves" amid the Andrew fallout. Mr Sylvester said: "I think Prince Charles and Prince William not being by her side is very telling. "I think they had to protect themselves because they are next in line and, were like, 'We are not about this life.' "'We are not a part of this'." Although it has not been confirmed, the host did mention that it is suspected that "Prince Charles had to give some of the cash" to help towards Prince Andrew's financial settlement fee to his accuser Virginia Giuffre. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew be allowed to join Platinum Jubilee celebrations? The host spoke on this episode to Melissa Peterman and Rocsi Diaz. Speaking of the Queen's decision and what she is trying to tell with her choice, Ms Peterman said: "She's like, 'it's done, he's in the car with me, this is how we tell you, I am going to ride with him there.' "'This is over, we aren't going to talk about it again.' "This is her way of telling everybody that it's done" Ms Diaz added that the Queen was subtly saying, "if I say its ok, it's ok. Stop talking about it.' READ MORE: 'They got what they wanted!' Meghan would 'never' get publicity increase without Harry GB News host Dan Wootton spoke to royal commentator Robert Jobson last week, where he defended the Queen’s decision to be accompanied by Andrew. Mr Wootton described Prince Andrew's appearance as a “shock move”. The memorial was Prince Andrew's first official appearance since settling the sexual assault case filed against him by Virginia Giuffre. It was also the Queen's first official outing since her Covid-19 diagnosis in February. Her diagnosis came shortly after her son Prince Charles and his wife Camilla tested positive. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] The Queen's recent bout of ill health has prevented her from travelling to recent official engagements and her attendance at the memorial was uncertain. The 95-year-old only confirmed her attendance at the Service of Thanksgiving shortly before it commenced. Palace aides are said to be concerned about the monarch's frail health. The Queen is due to celebrate her 96th birthday later this month.