This includes a property worth over £1million, a home with huge renovation potential and the average cost of a home in the area. Hereford lies on the River Wye and the city boasts a stunning cathedral as well as lots of bars and restaurants. To escape the city, residents and tourists alike can take in the impressive scenery on local walks. Sitting close to the Welsh border, the city was one of the first towns to be founded in England after the end of the Roman Rule. With its classic black and white buildings, Hereford boasts winding streets, historic architecture as well as some great places to shop, eat and drink. According to a national survey in 2013, Hereford was considered to be the safest place to live in the UK and by the end of 2019, crime in the city had fallen by 20 percent. The city also has great transport links to the rest of the country, with direct train services to London in as little as two hours. READ MORE: Laundry: How to dry clothes faster and reduce energy bill costs The average house price within a 20 mile radius of Hereford over the last 12 months stands at £364,000, according to OnTheMarket. Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, has found different homes for sale in the region. This includes a home worth over £1million, a property which has huge renovation potential and a property worth the average asking price in Cardiff. Property: Four bedroom detached house Location: Hereford Price: £1,250,000 Marketed by: Glasshouse Properties, Hereford, via OnTheMarket DON'T MISS:Carol Klein: ‘Much better idea’ to sow sweet peas in ‘modules’ [COMMENT]DIY tips: How to give your home a ‘new lease of life’ [INSIGHT]'Cheap and gentle' laundry substitutes to use when doing laundry [EXPERT] This gorgeous hilltop home has four bedrooms, four bathrooms as well as a self-contained detached annexe. The large modern kitchen features sleek white units topped with quartz countertops as well as integrated appliances throughout. The induction hob sits on the focal feature of the kitchen, the island which is fronted with wood units. Potential homeowners could also make use of the spacious living room, dining room and home office. There is also a large utility room which leads into the attached double garage. Two of the double bedrooms benefit from an en-suite, while the large family bathroom has underfloor heating, LED downlighting and plenty of storage. With a total plot of one acre, the garden also has ample patio space and stunning views. Converted from the original garage, the annexe offers a large open plan living space with a fitted kitchen. Property: Two bedroom terraced house Location: Hereford Price: £209,950 Marketed by: Flint & Cook, Hereford, via OnTheMarket This Victorian terraced house is in need of modernisation and is on the market for below the area’s average property price. With potential for three bedrooms, downstairs is a lounge/diner and a kitchen to the rear, with a large cellar too. Upstairs there are bedrooms with single glazed sash windows and a bathroom comprising of a bath with electric shower, radiator, extractor fan and vinyl flooring. To the rear of the property is a private garden with a patio area. The front of the property boasts a courtyard with blocked paving, with nearby residential parking for residents. The property is situated close to the River Wye and is just a short walk into the centre of Hereford. Property: Two bedroom terraced house Location: Hereford Price: £350,000 Marketed by: Flint & Cook, Hereford, via OnTheMarket This impressive terraced house is located in a highly sought-after residential area within walking distance of the city. With two reception rooms as well as a modern kitchen, the property also has two bedrooms and a large family bathroom. The bathroom was recently renovated with a white suite consisting of a shower head over a bath as well as plenty of storage. This home also has two bedrooms with potential for a third due to its converted loft space. Potential homeowners can also make use of the garden room situated at the bottom of the garden. Ideal for an external office or music room, the room is insulated with power and light.