 With summer quickly approaching, drivers are being warned of the potential consequences they face when on the road. When it comes to driving in the summer, the Highway Code has a series of guidelines - under Rule 237 - in place to ensure the safety of motorists.  Failure to adhere to the guidelines could see drivers slammed with a £1,000 fine, as they “fail to have proper control” of their vehicle, Somerset Live reported. As a result of this, motorists are urged to keep their vehicle “well ventilated” as the temperatures begin to rise. This is advised to ensure that drivers avoid becoming drowsy and potentially losing concentration when at the wheel. In the warmer weather, drivers are also being warned to be aware of the road surface potentially becoming soft. READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine  The same applies in the event of rain after a dry spell of weather as the road could become slippery. These conditions heavily affect the steering and braking. The Highway Code also urges drivers to be careful when driving in case they are dazzled by sunlight. Road users are recommended to slow down, and if necessary, stop driving. DON'T MISSDriver fined after spending 11 minutes trying to pay in car park [SHOCKING]Drivers could be fined thousands for wearing too baggy jeans [WARNING]Driver branded 'entitled t**t' after staying over two parking spaces [OUTRAGEOUS]  Although the Highway Code alone is not the law, many of its instructions have legal muscle behind them. Road users who ignore the guidelines could be punished with traffic offences so it is important that you are aware of them. The Government states: “Many of the rules in the Code are legal requirements, and if you disobey these rules you are committing a criminal offence. “You may be fined, given penalty points on your licence or be disqualified from driving. In the most serious cases you may be sent to prison.”  Drivers are also being warned when wearing summer clothes as this could go against guidance in the Highway Code. Rule 97 states that a motorist’s clothing and footwear should not affect their ability to safely use the controls of the car. This means motorists should be careful when wearing loose or baggy clothes if there is a risk that it could stop them from driving carefully. For example, flip flops could get caught under the pedals or snap completely, while a long skirt could risk getting trapped as well.  If an accident is caused as a result of wearing flip flops, or are caught by the police, they may face a charge of “driving without due care and attention”. This comes with a £100 fine and three penalty points on their driving licence. This can be increased up to a £5,000 fine and nine points on their licence, or even a full ban from driving.