Gas and electricity prices will remain in excess of £100 per megawatt hour (/MWh) a year – well in excess of the five year pre-2021 historic average of £50/MWh in winter and the even lower prices in pre-2021 summer. By winter 2025, prices will hit  £150MWh due to closures of nuclear power stations, delays to Hinkley C, and increasing high-cost peaking capacity. Dame Clare Moriarty, Chief Executive of Citizens Advice, warned:  “With further hikes set to push bills to a generational high, disaster is on the horizon if the government doesn’t act. “Energy costs are eating into budgets and it’s families on the lowest incomes who’re feeling the biggest squeeze. " Energy analysts Cornwall Insight examined Great Britain’s power market up to 2030 and found that while prices will drop from current highs, they will remain high heaping pressure on hard-pressed families. Tom Edwards, senior modeller at Cornwall Insight said: “Our modelling shows that pre-2021 prices are not making a comeback this decade and likely beyond. “Rising EU demand for non-Russian gas has pushed up gas prices across the world, and these higher prices have increased production costs for power. “Gas is set to remain the marginal fuel source for producing power throughout the remainder of the 2020s. “With all Great Britain’s coal capacity due to close by April 2024 and many nuclear power stations coming to the end of their lives, high power prices will continue to feed through into consumer bills.” This year, energy costs are set to skyrocket, with the cheapest energy tariff for a medium user surging to £1,971 - a staggering 118 percent increase year on year. The research, carried out by money.co.uk, also found that the total cost of living for UK households has surged by £32.3bn - an annual increase of £1164.18 per home. So far this year, food and fuel costs have also soared. There have also been additional price increases for stamps (12 percent), water bills (three percent), broadband and phone packages (three percent) and the cost of a pint of milk is up five percent.