Erik ten Hag "changes teams" just like Jose Mourinho did at his best, according to former Liverpool goalkeeper Sander Westerveld. Ten Hag looks set to be appointed the next manager of Manchester United and Westerveld thinks he will be the perfect coach for the Red Devils. United decided last week that the Ajax boss was their preferred candidate and now an agreement has been struck. He will replace current interim manager Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season. Ten Hag will arrive in England with a fine reputation from his time in charge of Ajax. Westerveld admits his lack of experience managing in top leagues across Europe could be an issue early on. However, he says his Dutch compatriot is similar in how he attempts to completely change a team to Mourinho, as well as current Premier League managers Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola. Asked if Ten Hag will be the right fit for United, Westerveld told Sky Sports News: "Well I'm not sure. He is a fit for Man United and he will be the perfect coach for Man United because he is a quality coach. READ MORE: Rudiger names two Real Madrid stars with 'individual class' who killed Chelsea  "He is a different coach, he's not a coach that coaches, he's a coach that changes teams, like Klopp and Guardiola, and even Mourinho at his best time. So he will definitely change Man United. "The only thing is it's a difficult team at the moment, it's a difficult club to manage at the moment. So hopefully he gets the time and if he gets the time and they give him the time, then he will be I think at the moment the best option for Man United. "But he still lacks a little bit of experience, he's never coached in the top leagues. But hopefully he does well for Man United." DON'T MISSPaul Pogba's bumper new Man Utd deal presents huge problem for Klopp and Liverpool [COMMENT]Erik ten Hag ‘reaching Man Utd agreement’ is bad news for five players [OPINION]Chelsea stat shows they should have beaten Real Madrid to reach Champions League semis [STATS]  Meanwhile, former Holland midfielder Rafael van der Vaart has warned United's players Ten Hag will not put up with them not following his orders on the pitch.  “Ten Hag to Manchester United? It’s nice,” Van der Vaart said on Z Select. “You don’t let a club like Manchester United wait. These players can't have any excuses anymore. “They made so many managers leave while they are playing so bad. Now they get a manager who will be very clear and will present his plan. Those who won’t cooperate will get thrown out."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here