The former Labour MP mocked the despairing attempts of the Prime Minister to achieve a “stay of execution” amid partygate scandal. Stephen Pound echoed the Labour party’s call for “honesty” from Boris Johnson. Mr Pound backed Labour’s call for an investigation into comments made by the Prime Minister surrounding Downing Street gatherings.   Leading opposition ministers have accused Boris Johnson of misleading Parliament with deceptive claims that lockdown rules were strictly followed. The former MP for Ealing North highlighted the Prime Minister’s history of deceit. “He admitted to lying when he was Brussels correspondent,” noted Mr Pound. The ex-labor representative insisted the Prime Minister has “admitted” to lying throughout his political career. Mr Pound advocated for Labour’s demands for “transparency, honesty, and openness” through an inquiry into the Prime Minister.    Mr Pound claimed Boris Johnson has “bluffed and blustered” to sustain his Tory leadership. The former MP speculated the Prime Minister has “got form” when it comes to lying as his career is stained with a history of deception. Political correspondent for GB News, Tom Harwood, clarified ministers are able to “inadvertently mislead Parliament '' in comments made to the house. However, the inquiry proposed by Labour would establish if statements made by Boris Johnson were a “deliberate” effort to lie to Parliament. Read more: Boris Johnson LIVE: 'Chaos' Tory U-turn on major amendment   Mr Harwood highlighted the Prime Minister’s insistence that “events he went to were within the rules.” Mr Pound continued his criticism of Mr Johnson and the manner in which he flouted the “petty rules” he imposed during the lockdown. The former North Ealing representative claimed the behaviour of the Prime Minister “in Parliament does matter”. He drew attention to the fact Boris Johnson has become the “first Prime Minister ever in our history to have been found guilty by the police.” Don't miss:Tory grandee 'expects' MPs to pass Boris partygate investigation [INSIGHT]Rayner blasts Boris for 'spending months' on partygate defence [REPORT]Peston: Boris warned he should be ‘hugely worried’ over partygate  [ANALYSIS] Speaking of his experience in Parliament under John Major, Mr Pound said he was familiar with the “ebb of confidence moving away” from a government leader. Mr Pound suggested he felt the “same sensation” of drifting support for Boris Johnson. He speculated “heaven knows” when the Sue Gray report will be released in full. Mr Pound continued his calls not to delay a parliamentary vote on an investigation into past comments made by the Prime Minister   