Royal expert Richard Eden praised the Queen and the Prince of Wales after it emerged the Duke and Duchess of Sussex made a surprise visit to the UK on Thursday. Harry and Meghan, who are living in California after quitting royal duties, met the monarch and the heir to the throne at Windsor Castle. Mr Eden tweeted: "Typically magnanimous of the Queen and Prince Charles to meet Prince Harry and Meghan after their public insults." The Sussexes made the shock visit en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. It marked the first time Harry and Meghan have not been in the UK together since they quit as working royals more than two years ago. The face-to-face meeting comes after considerable tension between the Sussexes and Royal Family following Harry and Meghan's highly publicised criticism of the monarchy. Harry and Meghan's unannounced return to the UK on Thursday also comes as concerns continue to mount over the Queen's health. Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty Magazine, described the visit as "a very welcome if long overdue move" on the part of Harry and Meghan. Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine, told The Sun: "It is a wonderful opportunity to clear the air and offer an olive branch. "After everything that has gone on it must have taken a lot for Harry and Meghan to go to Windsor. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry accused of 'using Queen for commercial gain' "Also Maundy Thursday is a very special day for the Queen as it is about forgiveness. "She is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms." The newspaper reported that a busload of tourists had seen the couple visiting Windsor Castle. The couple were absent from Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey last month. DON'T MISSPrince Harry will have 'nothing' stop him from 'getting what he wants' [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan's secret visit to Queen - 'Don't care for details!' [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan’s secret visit offers hope of an olive branch [ANALYSIS] It also comes as Harry is embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in the UK. Earlier this week, Dai Davies, a former head of royal protection at Scotland Yard, said the idea Harry is unable to come to Britain due to safety concerns is "sheer unadulterated nonsense". Speaking about the likely security arrangements in The Hague, Mr Davies said: "The truth is I have no doubt that he will be protected, whether he takes his own team or whether the Dutch authorities give him some kind of VIP status. "The truth is, if there's a risk both countries - ours and the Netherlands - have sophisticated systems of determining risk. "This country has determined he is no longer at risk. "That may or may not be true, but people far better qualified than I am now can make that decision and they never make it lightly." 