Clerics in the Church of England have long used their pulpits to speak out about the world’s injustices, which is only right and proper. But when it comes to someone like the Archbishop of Canterbury, the most senior man in the entire Anglican communion, we should at least expect a measured and considered response, rather than a kneejerk reaction of the kind that you get from an opposition political party. The controversial £120million government scheme allowing illegal immigrants to be flown to Rwanda, where they would be allowed to apply for the right to settle in the country, was only announced a week ago. Details are sketchy; all manner of difficult questions need to be answered. But the Most Reverend Justin Welby decreed yesterday that the policy cannot “stand the judgment of God” and that Britain was in danger of “sub-contracting our responsibilities”. What a pity he did not use his Easter sermon to unite people rather than drive a further wedge between them. It’s not as if the Archbishop has come up with an alternative solution to stop the wicked people-trafficking, which has cost so many lives. A little more reflection would be in order before jumping to divisive conclusions. ------------------------------ Indomitable sovereign It looks as if the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June are set to be a joyous moment in our history. But there is a growing sadness, too, as that weekend approaches, with the Queen’s health preventing her from getting around the country in the manner she would wish. Yesterday, she was not able to join the rest of her family at St George’s Chapel and from here on we are asked to assume that she will not perform public events outside Windsor Castle. We do not know the extent of her mobility issues but what we do know is that the Queen’s devotion to her country remains as indomitable as ever and we are remarkably fortunate to have her as our sovereign. ---------------------------- It just couldn’t last... Heaven be praised... the weather played its part splendidly over the Bank Holiday weekend, defying pessimists and bringing crowds (when they weren’t trapped in traffic jams) flocking to green spaces, stately homes and outdoor markets, as well as sunbathing on beaches with (almost) warm water to entice the intrepid. But sadly, the forecast is now looking patchy. We are told that absence makes the heart grow fonder. That’s certainly true when it comes to our relationship with sunshine.