Arthritis is an umbrella term for a number of conditions that cause pain and inflammation in a joint. The two common forms are osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. Both cause pain and stiffness in the affected joints but are distinguishable by their causes. Joint pain is a very common problem with many possible causes, but it's usually a result of injury or arthritis, according to the NHS.  The Arthritis Foundation says: “Ginger has been shown to have anti-inflammatory properties similar to ibuprofen and COX-2 inhibitors. “In one study, a specialised ginger extract reduced inflammatory reactions in RA as effectively as steroids did. “Earlier studies showed that taking a certain extract four times daily reduced osteoarthritis pain in the knee after three months of treatment, and another taken twice daily worked about as well as ibuprofen taken three times daily for hip and knee OA pain.” Versus Arthritis notes: “Ginger extracts are available over the counter in pharmacies in the form of capsules and oil. In theory, ginger can reduce the activity of several chemical substances that promote joint inflammation.” READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: Numbness of the tongue could signal a 'medical problem'  It says: “Ginger is a relatively well-tolerated herbal remedy with minor side-effects. “The most commonly reported side-effects are stomach upset and mouth irritation. “You should take ginger with care if you use anticoagulants because ginger might increase the risk of bleeding. “No recommended safe and effective doses have been found for use in musculoskeletal conditions.”  If you have arthritis, it's important to look after your joints to avoid further damage. Around 10 million people in the UK are thought to have arthritis and there are more than 100 types of arthritis and related conditions. The symptoms of arthritis can vary from week to week, so joint pain may come and go. The Arthritis Foundation states: “Morning stiffness that lasts longer than an hour is good reason to suspect arthritis.” Two other key signs are swelling and difficulty moving a joint.  Some types of arthritis cause the skin over the affected joint to become red and swollen and may start feeling warm to the touch. If swelling lasts for three days or longer or occurs more than three times a month you should speak with your doctor. If the doctor suspects arthritis they will perform a range of tests to check the range of motion in your joints. The symptoms of arthritis you experience will vary depending on the type you have.  There are some lifestyle habits and changes that might help manage symptoms. These include eating a healthy diet and managing your weight. If you are overweight it can increase complications of arthritis and contribute to joint pain. “It's very important to eat a healthy, balanced diet if you have arthritis. Eating healthily will give you all the nutrients you need and help you maintain a healthy weight,” says the NHS. You should also try to quit smoking. “Smoking causes stress on connective tissues, which can increase arthritis pain,” says the Mayo Clinic. 