Today, Pope Francis will mark Easter Sunday with mass at the Vatican. The Catholic Church will come together to mark the spiritual day as the Pope imparts his traditional Urbi et Orbi blessing from the balcony over St Peter's Basilica. Christians around the world look to the Catholic Church for religious solidarity and community, and the UK is no exception. This was seen in 1982 when Pope John Paul II visited York. During the visit, the Pope even met with former DJ Jimmy Savile, commending him for his charity work. This meeting came long before the world discovered the horrific crimes Savile had committed. Footage of the meeting was shown in the Netflix documentary 'Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story'. In 2006, various people from York discussed the arrival of the Pope, including references to his encounter with the former DJ. One local told York’s The Press: "What I remember about the Pope's visit is my college friend Moira coming to stay from Warkworth in Northumberland, and my dad pushing our friend, Elizabeth, in a wheelchair. "It was wonderful to be part of it all and seeing Jimmy Savile going up and down entertaining us all. "Wasn't Pope John Paul II a really inspiring Pope?" Savile was one of the biggest TV stars in the UK between the Sixties and the Nineties, perhaps best known for his show 'Jim'll Fix It'. But it was revealed after his death in 2011 that he has used his involvement in charities, hospitals, prisons and the BBC to abuse hundreds of children. It is now believed he preyed on around 500 vulnerable victims as young as two years old. The Metropolitan Police launched an investigation in October 2012, and in January 2013 they confirmed that 450 people had come forward. Nearly three-quarters of the victims were under 18. Across 28 police forces, 34 rapes were reported and 28 of the victims were children under the age of ten. READ MORE: Jimmy Savile victim's lawyer wasn't surprised star was exposed It was even alleged that Savile carried out his abuse while volunteering as a porter at Leeds General Infirmary, sexually assaulting more than 60 staff and patients aged between 5 and 75. His abuse at Leeds General Infirmary and at Stoke Mandeville hospital, where he also volunteered, and at the BBC started in 1965, according to records. There have even been claims that he had sex with corpses at the Leeds General Infirmary mortuary. Many of his victims reported the incidents, but they did not receive justice at the time. He was also knighted, and received a papal knighthood, in 1990. He was last interviewed under caution by Surrey police investigating an alleged indecent assault at Duncroft school, Surrey, in 2009, two years before he died. But the Crown Prosecution Service decided there wasn’t enough evidence to prosecute. In the Netflix documentary, TV critic Mark Lawson discussed how Savile felt he had to do charity work to try and compensate for his crimes. DON'T MISS Jimmy Savile claimed to have unfettered access to Royal Family [INSIGHT] GB News: Expert defends Charles over Jimmy Savile 'misjudgment' [ANALYSIS] Jimmy Savile gave PR advice to royals after Andrew Lockerbie blunder [INSIGHT] He said: "I grew up in Leeds as a Catholic. I do have clear memories of having seen him at church. "He was very, very recognisable and distinctive. I don't think you can understand Jimmy Savile without appreciating that he was a Catholic. "There's a constant theme in Jimmy Savile's interviews. People say 'why do you do so much charitable work?' "And what he says is 'When I'm dead and I go to Heaven, and God and Saint Peter assess my life, I'll be able to say: 'On this side of the ledger is all of the stuff, all the money I have raised for charity, all the lives I've changed.' "Throughout his life it was the more he was doing on the bad side, the more he had to do on the good side. "I am convinced that is how his mind worked, because he is telling you that."