Erik ten Hag is still receiving information from Manchester United on all the important elements surrounding next season's vacancy - including the club's transfer budget and potential signings. That's according to Fabrizio Romano, who has made it clear United are continuing to take their time over the appointment of their new boss. Despite that, there is still active communication between United and Ten Hag's people. The talented 52-year-old Dutch tactician is now understood to be the favourite for the position, while Mauricio Pochettino remains in contention. Speaking on the Here We Go Podcast, Romano offered an update on United's talks with Ten Hag, indicating that there is still dialogue continuing behind the scenes. He said: "Contacts are ongoing and Manchester United are working to make their final decision. "All of the contacts with Erik ten Hag are very positive, since the first interview, they are still in contact with people next to Ten Hag. READ MORE: PSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twist "He's well informed on everything into the club, like potential budget, like the kind of signings they want to do. "So Erik ten Hag is keeping information from United every week and he is already thinking about it. "But he knows Mauricio Pochettino is still in the race and they are having conversations with people close to Pochettino. "This is why the situation is still open but the meetings with Ten Hag are very positive so he has chances but the situation with Mauricio Pochettino is very different. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'issued Man Utd transfer ultimatum' involving Ralf Rangnick during interviewTottenham 'reconsider Lautaro Martinez' transfer after agreeing £60m deal last summerMan Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' battling Erik ten Hag and Pochettino for job "He needs to wait before signing contracts and things, but at the moment let's see what happens because Man United are on it." It's believed Ten Hag has informed United that he wants a say on transfers if he is to land the role. He wants to help change the way United work alongside Ralf Rangnick, who is set to move upstairs into a consultancy role. Ten Hag was full of praise for United when quizzed on the club's interest, despite reaffirming his commitment to Ajax for the rest of the season. He said: "Everyone knows each other in the industry. There are always talks with representatives from other clubs, that’s normal. "Manchester United is a great club with great fans. But I can only repeat myself: My full focus is completely on Ajax! We are already planning for the new season. “I’ve sat down with Ajax after every season so far. That will also be the case this time. "I can say that Ajax and Erik ten Hag are very happy with each other at the moment.” Ajax remain hopeful Ten Hag will stay with the club for at least one more season after signing a new deal last summer but there is an appreciation that it's currently unlikely.