Russia reported a number of explosions this week near its southern border with Ukraine, as well as a blaze ripping through an ammunition depot. Although Kyiv has not claimed responsibility for the attacks, a presidential advisor to Volodymyr Zelensky called the damage on Russian soil “karma” for their invasion of Ukraine. Mykhailo Podolyak said: "If you decide to massively attack another country, massively kill everyone there, massively crush peaceful people with tanks, and use warehouses in your regions to enable the killings, then sooner or later the debts will have to be repaid.” Following the attacks, Russia's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman, Maria Zakharova, said the weapons and rhetoric from Western countries had bolstered Ukraine to strike back at the Kremlin. She said: "In the West, they are openly calling on Kyiv to attack Russia including with the use of weapons received from NATO countries.” She then warned: "I don't advise you to test our patience further." The Russian defence ministry said earlier this week that if attacks from Ukraine continued, Moscow would look to target areas of Ukraine where Western advisors and staff were based. Ms Zakharova said: "Kyiv and West capitals should take the statement from the Ministry of Defence seriously that further inciting of Ukraine to strike Russian territory will definitely lead to a tough response from Russia.” Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov issued a similar message, in which he said Western countries looking to send heavy weapons to Ukraine, particularly Britain, could destabilise Europe. He said: "In itself, the tendency to pump weapons, including heavy weapons, to Ukraine and other countries are actions that threaten the security of the continent and provoke instability.” READ MORE: Putin's panic as NASA makes killer AI hypersonic missiles Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said on Thursday, April 28, that Kyiv would be justified in targeting certain centres in Russia with attacks, including logistical and military bases. He said, however, that the Ukrainian forces were unlikely to use British-provided weapons to do so. Mr Wallace told MPs this week that UK military aid to Ukraine was likely to hit £500 million, having already surpassed the £200 million mark. Saying Ukraine had every right to defend itself, he said: "Part of defending itself in this type of invasion is obviously where Ukraine will go after the supply lines of the Russian army because, without fuel and food and ammunition, the Russian army grinds to a halt and can no longer continue its invasion.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin's chilling plan to seize food from warzones [LIVE] Brexit POLL: Should Northern Ireland vote to scrap Protocol in 2024? [VOTE] Britain’s lack of control over borders is ‘real Brexit betrayal’ [REVEAL] The Defence Secretary said the artillery from the UK sent to Ukraine was being used against Russia, but the UK Government had not gifted any weapons suitable for long-range assaults. Ukrainian military forces often use mobile launchers compared to the favoured British tactic of sea or air delivery, Mr Wallace added. He commented: "They currently don't have British weapons that could do that, so it's unlikely that it is our weapons. “We're very unlikely to supply that to anyone simply because of the technology and also the scarcity we have of those capabilities. "So it is very unlikely." Vladimir Putin threatened a "lightning-fast" response to any international efforts to intervene in Ukraine in what would be "strategic threats to Russia". Thought to be referencing intercontinental ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons, he continued: “We have all the instruments [to respond] that no one can boast of ... we’re going to use them if we have to.”