The two-bed house in Hartlepool needed reordering, especially as the bathroom was small and had been squeezed under the stairs. But does moving a bathroom upstairs change a house’s value? Visiting the property, Martel said: “Although it would be entirely expected to have a bathroom downstairs in this area, it would be ideal if you could have one upstairs with the bedrooms. “Is there room?” Upstairs, there were two bedrooms – a master bedroom and a smaller bedroom. According to Martel, the “most obvious place” to put the bathroom would be in the master bedroom, as there would still be space afterward. READ MORE: Energy bills: How to reduce your laundry costs by £100 a year But, would it be worth the money it would cost to put a bathroom in compared to the value you would add to the property? Weighing up the decision herself, Martel said: “Probably not.” She continued: “I think the master bedroom size would be compromised too much and potentially make the property less attractive to buy or rent.” To add value to the property, Martel advised replacing the door outside as the window in it was single glazed not double-glazed. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to ‘easily’ clean oven glass ‘properly’ - ‘no scrubbing’ [COMMENT]Weeding tips: How to ‘effectively’ kill weeds for ‘zero cost’ [EXPERT]Property: How to boost house value by 77% through your garden [TIPS] The door frame was also rotting in parts. Property expert Susan Goodison gave her professional opinion, saying: “I would suggest it needs, obviously, light refurbishment throughout.” Although Susan didn’t directly say she thought the bathroom should be upstairs, she did explain how it could be moved. She said: “In order to bring that [bathroom] upstairs, you would need to do an extension. “But I don’t think it’s financially viable on this property.” Susan recommended that the buyers put in “new carpets” and “a little bit of TLC in the kitchen areas”. The house was an estimated worth of £22,000, but after a thorough refurbishment the property expert said she believed it would sell for between £35,000 and £40,000. The rental value was estimated at between £375 and £425 per calendar month. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Martel concluded: “This terraced house is a bit rough around the edges, but once it’s had a makeover it could be a lovely home. “Or a nice wee earner if you wanted to rent it out in this really convenient location.” In an online auction last February, the terraced house was bought for £29,000 by London-based property developer Sultan. Sultan said the property “needs quite a good work here” and he planned to “refurbish the whole property”. He went on to say that he will not move the bathroom upstairs and the layout of the property “will be the same”.