Presenter Stephen Dixon asked the policing minister if he believed the “timing” of the investment was going to upset people as they try to deal with inflation and rising living costs. But the MP was quick to defend his actions, arguing that there is “too much violence on our streets” and that reducing knife crime was “critical to our future economic prosperity”. Having questioned Malthouse on Rishi Sunak’s mini budget provisions, GB News host Dixon said: “We know that [violent crime] is important but people might talk about the timing of that, though, because you’re spending £130 million on this. “People are going to look at this and think, well, shouldn’t this be spent elsewhere.” Dixon joined a number of people criticising the Government’s reaction to the cost-of-living crisis, after Sunak was accused of being a tax-cutting Chancellor of the Exchequer. Former Conservative Party Leader Sir Iain Duncan-Smith yesterday said that the current approach would cause a period of devastating “1970s stagflation”. But defending the money set aside for reducing violence, Malthouse said: “Well, I don’t think you’d get that reaction from somebody who’d lost their child to knife crime over the last couple of years. “We’ve seen too much violence on our streets. We’ve seen too many mourning, grieving families, many of whom sadly I’ve met. “One of the key missions that the Prime Minister set in 2019 is driving down crime across the board, not least because we have a moral duty to do so, but also because its critical to our future economic prosperity. “Today, we’re announcing another wave of push against this violence problem. We think it is totally vital for the future of [young people] and the future of our neighbourhoods.” READ MORE: Met Police put more police on the beat after thousands of complaints [INSIGHT] Though the number of hospital admissions for knife-related attacks has reduced over the past couple of years by almost 20 percent, it is unknown to what extent the pandemic has affected those drops. Malthouse has allocated extra funding to Violence Reduction Units across the country to help further prevent violence and hospitalisations. The programme brings together health, police, education leaders, health workers, local government and many other organisations from across local communities to address the underlying causes of violent crime. Talking about the programme, Malthouse said: “At the heart, our pioneering Violence Reduction Units galvanise all parts of the public sector to tackle violent crime, and this approach is really starting to work.” DON'T MISS: BBC QT: Blackford blasts Sunak amid crippling cost of living crisis [REPORT] POLL: Should UK subsidise energy bills of low income families? [REACTION] Malthouse voices concern over 'tricky' energy bills as salary increase [REPORT] In other interviews today, Malthouse complained that the cost of living crisis was making his own life “tricky”. Speaking to LBC, he said: “As you know, I've got children. They need to be fed and that cost is rising. My fuel prices are rising quite significantly, and I have to say that in my constituency I'm on oil central heating still, sadly.” His complaints come on the day that domestic energy bills are set to rise by an unprecedented amount, while the national insurance hike by over one percent is due in a matter of days. The policing minister also came under fire for making the remarks on the same day that MPs' salaries, including his own, rise to £84,144, up by 2.7 per cent.