His diagnosis was confirmed in a message from his Palace on Wednesday. The statement read: “The Prince’s Palace announces that H.S.H. Prince Albert II of Monaco has tested positive for COVID-19.”  There was no update on the rest of his family, including his seven-year-old twins Princess Gabriella and Prince Jacques. It is understood that the 64-year-old prince is asymptomatic and there is no concern for his health. Prince Albert was one of the first royals to contract the virus in early 2020, with Prince Charles also testing positive again earlier this year. Princess Charlene recently returned to Monaco after spending four months at a health clinic in Switzerland.  She returned to the Prince’s Palace in March to continue her “convalescence in the Principality with her husband and her children by her side”. The Princess spent six months in South Africa last year, with Albert saying his wife was suffering from “exhaustion, both emotional and physical”, reported People magazine. She has not attended a royal event since January 2021 and has not been spotted in public since her return to Monaco.  READ MORE: Kate Middleton 'breaks' school tradition It is unknown when Her Serene Highness will be well enough to carry on with her royal duties. Prince Albert visited the UK last month to attend the memorial service for the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey, alongside royals from the Netherlands and Spain. He is expected to continue with desk duties in Monte Carlo until he recovers.  DON'T MISS:Queen's gatekeeper to release new details and photos of Philip [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry have 'restrained social life' [SPOTLIGHT]Prince Andrew was 'couch potato' before Ghislaine Maxwell friendship [INSIGHT] Buckingham Palace confirmed on February 20 that the Queen has tested positive, as she revealed this week the disease had left her “very tired and exhausted”. At the time her case was said to be “mild”, however, on a virtual hospital visit on Monday she spoke about her experience with the illness. She told staff at the Royal London Hospital: “It [Covid] does leave one very tired and exhausted, doesn’t it?” 