Bayern Munich have made Erling Haaland’s transfer decision slightly easier after they seemingly pulled out of the race to sign the Borussia Dortmund hotshot. Haaland is wanted by all of the top clubs in Europe but looks destined for a move to Manchester City following reports of a ‘secret meeting’ with the Premier League club.    Haaland is the most sought-after striker in world football and will leave Dortmund in the summer. A bargain release clause of around £65million becomes active at the end of the season. A record of 82 goals in 85 appearances since joining Dortmund in 2020 makes him one of the most prolific forwards on the continent. He has netted 25 times in 26 matches this term, although his campaign has been hindered by injuries. Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona were the early favourites to sign Haaland but Man City appear to have jumped ahead following a ‘secret meeting’ between the club and the player’s representatives. The Premier League leaders’ pursuit has become slightly easier after Bundesliga champions Bayern indicated they were pulling out of contention. JUST IN: Mohamed Salah's Liverpool demands called 'selfish and unreasonable'    CEO Oliver Kahn has said that the astronomical demands of Haaland and his agent Mino Raiola are beyond what Bayern are prepared to offer. "He has shown with his level performances at Dortmund that he is an excellent striker and a very interesting player for the future, but the Haaland package is far, far from what we imagined," Kahn told Sport1. It comes after the Daily Star claimed City had held discussions behind closed doors with Haaland, agent Raiola, and father Alf-Inge. The same report claims City are willing to pay Haaland £375,000 a week and top his wages up with lucrative bonuses and add-ons to take his earnings towards £500,000. Pep Guardiola’s side lead the Premier League by a point despite having played most of the season without a recognised striker. They failed to sign Harry Kane last summer and will reportedly go in for Haaland when the season ends. DON'T MISS...Liverpool and Dortmund on red alert as Salzburg 'seal replacement'Man Utd star Bruno Fernandes 'involved in car crash' in scareLacazette drops hint at next destination with Arsenal future in doubt But Guardiola has told journalists to stop asking about the transfer pursuit. He said last month: “Since I'm here, every month we are going to sign 50 players. Right now, it's impossible that I'm going to talk about some guys who aren't here, Haaland is a Dortmund player. "You can ask for this player or another one. The transfer window is going to start and many things will happen. “Maybe I speak about this club needs a striker for the next five, six, seven years, maybe once in 12 months. I'm not going to be the guy with the success because we didn't have a striker.”   