Gary Neville has warned Erik ten Hag that he could be forced to wait for at least two years before winning his first trophy in charge of Manchester United. The Dutchman's impending arrival at Old Trafford was officially confirmed by the Red Devils on Thursday morning, with current interim boss Ralf Rangnick set to move into a two-year consultancy role at the end of the season. Ten Hag will be tasked with restoring United's former glories by putting an end to their five-year wait for a major trophy since winning the Europa League under Jose Mourinho's management back in 2017. However, Neville believes that Ten Hag will struggle to bring any silverware back to Old Trafford for the foreseeable future as he looks to reverse the club's steady fall from grace over the last ten years."I wouldn't be putting too much pressure on Erik ten Hag in the first one or two years to win a trophy at the club, it would be great if he did but that would actually be over-achieving in my opinion," Neville told Sky Sports News."First, it should be getting back into the top four, re-establishing Manchester United in the Champions League, attracting the players into the club that play the way he wants to play and then start to get a system of belief. JUST IN: Man Utd captain Harry Maguire 'shocked' after bomb threat "It took Jurgen Klopp five years to win a Premier League title [at Liverpool], as great a job as he has done. At the end of last year, to be fair, I thought United were getting closer [to winning the title]."Yet it's all collapsed and fallen to pieces and I don't know why that has happened. Erik ten Hag gets to pick up the pieces."Initial phase, build the foundations of what he wants to achieve. I think year three, four or five is when you start to look at him to win trophies." It remains to be seen whether Ten Hag will eventually be able to steady the ship at United when he gets to work in his new role later this year. He has gained a reputation as one of Europe's most exciting coaches over the last few years after leading Ajax to the semi-finals of the Champions League and winning two league and cup doubles during his time in charge of the Dutch giants.The 52-year-old will seemingly have plenty of work to do at Old Trafford this summer to prepare United for a renewed top-four challenge in the Premier League at the very next time of asking. Reports have claimed that Ten Hag will be given no shortage of transfer money to spend on new players, while he is also expected to oversee a number of departures as part of a large-scale reshuffle in the United dressing room. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here