Lloyds Bank has said the number of scams linked to holiday bookings has surged, up by a third over the last year. Many Britons will be rushing to get some sun this summer, with holidays abroad and staycations planned. However, individuals will need to take particular care when booking their break to avoid losing money. New analysis has shown fraud relating to flight bookings was up by 13 percent in the last 12 months, with Britons losing £2,995 on average. Scams relating to hotel bookings lost people an average of £1,321, and package holiday scams an average of £2,342. The biggest increase in scams were linked to fake caravan bookings, where many were hopeful of a mini-break. READ MORE: Pension update as HMRC pays out £22million in last three months Cases of this kind of scam have surged by a shocking 108 percent year-on-year. Many of these scams will start with false advertising on search engines or social media which can be easily clicked on. Some people will believe they are dealing with a legitimate company, but unfortunately, it is all too easy for scammers to pose as genuine firms online. Demand for holidays is now returning to levels seen before the pandemic. DON'T MISSPension savers could ‘boost’ retirement income in their 50s and 60s [EXCLUSIVE]Britons face ‘triple whammy’ on income this pay day [INSIGHT]WASPI widow, 66, faces 'dire' circumstances as energy bills soar [ANALYSIS] However, it will be important for Britons not to rush into a decision, and to do their due diligence. Liz Ziegler, Fraud Prevention Director at Lloyds Bank, said: “Now that most pandemic restrictions have come to an end, many of us will be looking forward to a more traditional summer holiday this year. “But with demand soaring and prices rising fast, would-be holidaymakers can’t afford to let their guard down when hunting for the best deals. “Scammers are ready to cash in on any last minute surge in bookings, so it’s vital that consumers know how to stay safe. “Book directly with trusted sites or travel agents, avoid following links on social media, and always pay by card for the greatest protection. “Remember, if it looks too good to be true, it almost certainly is.” There are ways Britons can protect themselves from being targeted by holidays scams. Firstly, individuals should be aware great deals do not find them. Fraudsters can often put out adverts for fake holidays via social media, or send offers by text or email, pretending to be legitimate. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Often deals will look much cheaper than can be found elsewhere, so it is important to be vigilant. In the same sense, checking whether offers are genuine is paramount when booking a holiday. Going through companies which are ABTA or ATOL protected will ensure legitimacy, and Britons can also check whether companies have good reviews. Finally, Lloyds Bank has urged caution for individuals to protect how they pay. The safest way to pay for a holiday is by using a debit or credit card. If a company wants an alternative method of payment such as a wire transfer, or bank transfer, it could be a scam. This is important to note, as if a person pays this way and things go wrong, they may not be able to get their money back.