Two days after Erik ten Hag reportedly gave the ‘green light’ for Manchester United to let Cristiano Ronaldo leave, the Portuguese ace propelled the Red Devils back into Champions League contention. Ronaldo’s sensational hat trick in Ralf Rangnick’s side’s 3-2 victory against Norwich City means United are now only three points away from fourth placed Tottenham Hotspur. United have also been helped by Antonio Conte’s side’s 1-0 home loss to Brighton and Hove Albion, coupled with Arsenal’s 1-0 away defeat to Southampton. Nevertheless, the Red Devils would not have capitalised on their top-four rivals’ shock defeats had the five-time Ballon d’Or winner not been at his mercurial best – over to you now Erik! Ten Hag is yet to have been officially announced as the Reds’ fifth permanent manager since Sir Alex Ferguson. Yet, the Ajax manager already has what may just be the hardest quandary and any United manager has had to circumnavigate. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ronaldo has simultaneously been the hero, the villain, the antidote, and the poison at Old Trafford. His mere presence has prompted accusations of stagnating the progress of Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho, while also being the reason why United are often very easy to play against. As well as comfortably leading the club’s top goalscoring charts, his hat-tricks against Tottenham and Norwich are the only reasons why their already poor record is not even worse. Having found the net 21 times in all competitions, he is the only United player to have reached double figures in goals this season – Sancho, Rashford, Elanga, and Edinson Cavani have only mustered 15 goals between each other. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players If Ronaldo was not Ronaldo, many would have greeted Ten Hag’s decision with accusations of madness. After-all, allowing the club’s most prominent goal threat while the alternatives are strapped for confidence, inconsistent, or departing the club in the summer would be a bold decision at the least and a diabolical one at the most. But this is the potentially impossible decision Ten Hag will have to make if he is to take over the managerial reins from Rangnick. United’s purported interest in Benfica ace Darwin Nunez could help alleviate the situation, but such frightening investments may prove to be difficult, considering the fact a player exodus is anticipated this season. The Manchester Evening News also understand United’s transfer focus will gravitate towards the centre of midfield, as Nemanja Matic announced he will depart the club at the end of the season. Paul Pogba is also set to follow him out of the door at the end of the campaign when his current deal expires. Regardless of who is in the United hot-seat, a quite enormous rebuild is expected to take place this summer. Such re-developments and overhauls are fraught with danger, as new signings either need time to bed in or are just simply not ready for a move to United. Ronaldo’s return to Old Trafford has not sparked the title challenge many believed it could when United fans were queuing in their masses to buy a CR7 United shirt at Old Trafford. However, he, coupled with David de Gea, is the only United ace keeping the season from becoming an unmitigated disaster. If the Portuguese ace is a solution, his 37-years pf age means he will only be a brief one at best. However, Ten Hag will need to decide if the iconic No.7 can play some kind of role in the United rebuild.