On Tuesday night, Death in Paradise star Ben Miller will join a number of celebrities as they take part in The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up to Cancer. The actor will go head to head in the kitchen with Olympian Mo Farah, Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse and Liar actress Katherine Kelly. However, speaking in a new interview with Radio 2 host Steve Wright, the Richard Poole star said it was the most "stressful" experience of his life. "Baking anyway is bad enough," the actor began as he asked: "Do you bake?" The host replied: "No, I'm not very good at that kind of thing." When asked whether he had done much baking in the past, Ben replied: "I've got a little bit of form." READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry He continued: "I do like to bake a biscuit occasionally and I am known for my Victoria sponge cake but this was way beyond anything I have attempted before." Ben laughed as Steve played a preview clip from tonight's episode where Prue Leith and Paul Hollywood could be heard giving their critique. "Baking is a mystery," he explained. "When I was practising I made a couple of sponge cakes." "One of them actually caught fire," Ben said as Steve replied: "No!" Explaining what happened, the Professor T actor recalled: "To be fair, I'd forgotten that I'd left the hob on when I took the cake out of the oven to cool. "I accidentally put it on top of the gas hob and it went up like a distressed flair, with a blue flame that shot right up to the ceiling and left a mark on the ceiling. "This is how dangerous, this is how frontline baking can be. "And the thing I didn't realise about that tent was you feel like you're having an out-of-body experience when you're in that tent." DON'T MISS...'We call men boys!' Kriss Akabusi hits back at feminist policing [REACTION]Emmerdale star explains how sexuality affected acting career [INSIGHT]Vera star speaks on having exclusive access to key location [NEWS] He went on to explain the pressure he felt while taking part in the show, as he added: "It is beyond anything you can imagine. "Not only are you up against the clock and up against the other contestants, but it is marshalling your ingredients and making sure you've got everything you need. "It's the stress that comes from bits of equipment, you fish around in the draw and you run out of all the things you're supposed to use. "And then you're trying to get a cake out of a tin with a corkscrew." Despite the episode being all in aid of charity, Ben explained things did competitive between the contestants. He told the host that Mo Farah claimed he'd never baked anything yet he was producing some "amazing creations". "None of it adds up," Ben said as he added: "Katherine Kelly sort of playing it down but was absolutely brilliant. "Motsi... well, you'll see how Motsi gets on," the actor said before he burst out laughing. The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up to Cancer airs on Tuesday at 8pm on Channel 4.