A pundit on Russia's leading state television channel has declared that Ukrainians must be "erased". Speaking on Vladimir Solovyov's prominent debate programme on Russia-1, the pundit said that he agreed with the US claims that Russia was carrying out a genocide in Ukraine. The clip quickly went circulated online, as the TV presenter on Mr Solovyov's programme said that the "very idea of being Ukrainian has to be erased once and for all". Mr Solovyov is one of Vladimir Putin's chief propagandists and is understood to have a direct line to the Kremlin. The pundit on the show was responding to leading American diplomat Victoria Nuland, who confirmed this week the US would label the atrocities in Ukraine as genocide. This comes after US President Joe Biden accused Moscow of committing genocide on Tuesday, saying: “Putin is just trying to wipe out the idea of even being Ukrainian.” Responding to these claims, the pundit agreed, adding that he even found the name, 'Ukrainians,' to be an insult. JUST IN: Frexit calls surge as Le Pen attacks Germany He explained: "Here's what Victoria Nuland says: she claims that Vladimir Putin is committing genocide. "She specifically says Putin's goal is evident: to erase the idea of being Ukrainian "I agree with Victoria Nuland. Vika, you are a genius! "This idea needs to be erased from start to finish, once and for all. It's been poisoning the lives of Slavic people for 100 years. "In reality, Russian people were told, now you're going to be Ukrainian even though the name itself is insulting - an insulting name - to be one of the Russian peoples and to suddenly become Ukrainians." One guest on the programme questioned the extreme remarks, asking: "We're not recognising Ukraine as a country?" The pundit fired back: "I'm talking about Ukraine-ness, about the idea of being Ukrainian. "This idea that one of the Russian peoples was told they're not Russian. 'You have to hate Russians and fight them'. "This idea needs to be totally eradicated and this work will go on for a long time "A long time we'll be eradicating it out of them, but before that eradication and before they start to realise that they have to be educated and to see a different life - first they have to be convincingly defeated." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry's security row ridiculed as he visits Queen in UK [VIDEO]Rishi has rug pulled from under him as Tories abandon chancellor [POLL]Eco-maniac criminals are winning (and our leaders are quaking [COMMENT] Simon Shuster, a reporter for TIME magazine, tweeted the clip, adding: "More revolting, openly genocidal rhetoric on Russian state TV. "The very idea of being Ukrainian, he says, 'has to be erased once and for all.' Meanwhile, calling this a war is still punishable by years in Russian prison." This comes as the Russian war against Ukraine enters its 50th day. Ukraine's President Zelensky marked the milestone by calling Russia’s invasion “absurd” and “suicidal”. In his latest national address, President Zelensky said: "To put it mildly, no one was sure that we would withstand it. "Everyone sympathised. Many of them advised me to flee the country. Advised to actually surrender to tyranny. "But they didn’t know us either. And they did not know how brave Ukrainians are, how much we value freedom. Our opportunity to live the way we want."