Liverpool face Manchester City for the third time this season as they meet in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. But unlike their two draws in the Premier League, there must be a winner, and it's the perfect opportunity for some stars to make an unexpected impression. The two Premier League titans clash once again on Saturday, but this time in the FA Cup semi-final as only one of Liverpool or Manchester City can progress. The pair have been inseparable in the Premier League, and Sunday's 2-2 draw was their second stalemate of the season. But there must be a winner on Saturday as Pep Guardiola will be looking to spoil Liverpool's quadruple chances, while Jurgen Klopp will be hoping to mentally scar City before the title race goes down to the wire. Of course, both sides are filled with talent, but amid injuries and rotation it's likely that some stars on the periphery will make appearances in the semi-final, and with nothing to split between the two teams, it could be an unlikely hero that claims the bragging rights at Wembley. Here Express Sport takes a look at players from both Liverpool and City that can make unexpected impressions on Saturday. READ MORE: Man Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal  With Ruben Dias still out, Guardiola has been rotating Nathan Ake, Aymeric Laporte and John Stones for his two centre-back roles. The Dutchman could get a chance at Wembley to impress, although he wasn't used when the two sides met on Sunday. With the high line that both teams play it always leaves room for defensive errors, meaning it could be a make-or-break performance for Ake should he be given the nod. It hasn't really worked out for him since making the move from Bournemouth in 2020, but perhaps Guardiola will give him a rare opportunity in the cup. One player that Ake knows well is Virgil van Dijk, and the two Dutch defenders could line-up on opposite sides at Wembley. While Ake has not looked overly assured at the back this season, he does have an eye for an goal having scored twice this term despite his lack of games. That is something Liverpool will be acutely aware of should he start today. READ MORE   The last time that Harvey Elliott was playing at Wembley, he lifted the Carabao Cup after Liverpool beat Chelsea on penalties. The youngster kept his cool as he dispatched from the spot during a tense penalty shootout before Kepa blasted over to hand Liverpool the win. The 18-year-old has shone for Liverpool this season and bounced back incredibly well from a serious injury sustained in September. Upon his return, he scored his first Liverpool goal, in a 3-1 win against Cardiff in the FA Cup. Elliott has shown that although young, he has an experienced head on those shoulders, and after featuring for Liverpool away in the Champions League he is already comfortable on the big stage. Elliott could be handed a golden chance at some point by Klopp, and it could be another fairytale moment at Wembley.  Kyle Walker limped off in City's 0-0 draw against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday, and he is now a major doubt for Saturday's clash against Liverpool. The England international would be a huge miss too, as his pace kept Liverpool at bay for large periods of Sunday's 2-2 draw. Thankfully for City, they have a very reliable back-up in Oleksandr Zinchenko, and like all City defenders he also has the capability to play in midfield, which is another spot they may use him in. Kevin De Bruyne also went off injured, so it could call for a tactical rejig by Guardiola. Zinchenko could have a crucial part to play if used, and his influence could be the difference against Liverpool. The Ukraine international is yet to score for City this season, and there is no better time to break his duck.  Are there many players that have scored bigger goals than Divock Origi in Klopp's time as manager? The Belgian has been used off the bench sparingly for years, but somehow he always seems to play his part in the big games and is loved around Liverpool for it. Origi scored a brace to help stun Barcelona on their way to the Champions League final in 2019 and then scored in the final to clinch the European crown - and the Belgian has been a crucial part of Liverpool's domestic cup run's this season. It would be typical of Origi to come off the bench and have a part to play, and the fact that he was substituted on against Benfica on Wednesday proves he is very much still in contention. The Belgian offers something different when being introduced, so don't be surprised if he is used at Wembley... and grabs a goal or two. 