P&O Ferries has made headlines in recent weeks after its boss made almost 800 of their staff redundant without notice. Due to this, none – bar one – of its services have been running over the past month. The company intended to resume trips this weekend from Dover, but it has since declared it won’t be possible to do so. Today, P&O announced all its services this weekend from Dover to Calais will be suspended. It has told passengers to find alternative routes to Europe themselves. This news comes as travel chaos ensues across the UK, including at its ports. READ MORE: Why are so many flights being cancelled? P&O wrote on Twitter: “All P&O Ferries Passenger Services are suspended this weekend. “For travel 8/9/10th April please re-book directly with another operator before arriving at the port. “DFDS will not be able to transfer P&O customers onto their services.” However, the company then updated its announcement to inform passengers that it will not be able to help those who have booked with them.  The company continued: “It is no longer possible for us to arrange travel via an alternative operator on this route. “For essential travel, customers are advised to seek alternatives themselves.” DFDS Ferries said it will not be accepting anymore P&O customers. It also warned passengers not to travel to the port unless they had booked in advance. Chris Parker, DFDS director of capacity, said it was “running the ferries as fast as we can”. He explained: “We're running the ferries as fast as we can, we’ve added on extra sailings this weekend and we've increased the passenger capacity as well, so we're trying to be part of the solution here. “We cannot take a full load of our own passengers and then have more passengers from P&O, we simply don't have the capacity,” the director told BBC Breakfast. He added: “We took the decision that we would be better off to focus on our own passengers, and not disappoint P&O passengers arriving at the port.” This morning, thousands of lorries and cars were seen stuck on more than 20 miles of motorway in Kent. The traffic is the result of the eighth consecutive day of DFDS delays in Dover. The M20 coastbound heading towards the port town remains closed today, and local traffic, as well as Eurotunnel cars and holiday traffic, have been urged to use the A20 instead. There are also waiting times of up to 30 minutes to Freight Eurotunnel service due to high demand.