Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has been slammed by former USA forward Herculez Gomez after his recent comments on Christian Pulisic. Following Pulisic's late winner against West Ham on Sunday, Tuchel said the winger had not featured much of late due to the effects of the recent international break. USA played three World Cup qualifiers between March 25 and 31. Pulisic started all three matches, including a hat-trick in a 5-1 win over Panama. However, he has made just four appearances since returning to England, and only one as a starter. But Gomez says Tuchel's comments do not wash with him and claims his treatment of Pulisic is typical of how he has dealt with a host of attacking players at Stamford Bridge. In an angry rant, Gomez explained how the 23-year-old is not the only Chelsea player to have been treated poorly by the German. Gomez told ESPN: "Are you serious? Are you trying to tell me a 23-year-old can't recover in time? He's got jet lag? READ MORE: Man Utd ace Paul Pogba receives 'first official contract offer' after Man City rejection  "But Thiago Silva is 37 years old, who does 11-plus hour flights to Brazil, or wherever he's got to go to play in South America, can? He's alright? "No, this is Thomas Tuchel doing what Thomas Tuchel does. If you're an offensive player, only two of them have really shown that they can be in the trust circle of Thomas Tuchel. "That's Mason Mount and that's Kai Havertz. Everybody else - [Hakim] Ziyech, get on out of here, [Romelu] Lukaku, get on out of here, Timo Werner, get on out of here, [Callum] Hudson-Odoi, are you even around? Christian Pulisic, you're out of here as well. DON'T MISSNewcastle handed green light to complete Hugo Ekitike transfer with two rivals interested [GOSSIP]Arsenal could pair Gabriel Jesus with '£10m' partner to forge little-and-large duo [TRANSFERS]Mbappe to Real Madrid on the rocks as PSG ace breaks agreement with dizzying demand [REPORT]  "This is what he does, he makes these players feel uneasy, he makes them wait. And Christian Pulisic has been through this before. "Not just here, he's been through it at Dortmund with him. This is part of the course with Thomas Tuchel." Gomez says Tuchel should be honest and just admit he doesn't fancy picking Pulisic on current form. He continued: "If you're telling me this is the reason, come on man. This is a cop out. "You didn't like what you saw, just say it. 'I don't like what I saw, it has nothing to do with international duty, I don't trust him in this moment, there are others ahead of him' - whatever you want. But don't blame the transatlantic flights and jet lag."  Gomez was reacting to the comments Tuchel made in his post-match press conference on Sunday. Tuchel said of Pulisic: "He has a period when he was on the run, when he had the confidence and he was heavily involved up front and Timo [Werner] had to wait for many, many weeks. "Now things turned around a little bit from the Southampton game. Puli struggled a little bit since he came back from international break, where I think he had three matches and an incredible amount of journeys and time zones to cope with. "From there he struggled a bit energy wise, that was my impression on and off the pitch. Sometimes it is like this."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here