Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp could make a number of changes as his side look to go top of the Premier League table by beating Newcastle at St James’ Park in the Saturday lunchtime game. Victory for the Reds would take them back above leaders Manchester City as the Citizens don’t play until later in the day when they take on Leeds at Elland Road. Liverpool are vying for a historic quadruple and won the first-leg of their Champions League semi-final against Villarreal on Wednesday night. Klopp’s side are set to travel to Spain for the return match on Tuesday. So the German could be tempted to ease the workload of some players this weekend by mixing things up in the north east. And Express Sport takes a look at how the Reds manager could line his side up against the Magpies. Goalkeeper - Alisson Alisson kept his 25th clean sheet of the season against Villarreal as the Liverpool defence looked impregnable once again. The Brazil international has been in inspired form this campaign and will line-up between the posts once again for this one. Defence - Alexander-Arnold, Matip, Van Dijk, Robertson Newcastle are in top form and could prove hard for Liverpool to break down. So the team’s attack-minded full-backs Trent Alexander-Arnold and Andy Robertson, who are so important to their style of play, could get the nod once again, despite the fact they could be required to play three matches in the space of just seven days. READ MORE: Tottenham's Eriksen return hopes boosted as midfielder makes 'preference' clear   And Joel Matip could come back in at centre-back to partner Virgil van Dijk after sitting out Wednesday’s victory over Unai Emery’s side. Midfield - Thiago, Fabinho, Keita Captain Jordan Henderson got the nod in midfield in midweek. But he was named on the bench for the Reds’ Premier League win over Everton last weekend. And the 31-year-old could be rested once again against Newcastle to keep him fresh for Tuesday night. Naby Keita could be given a role in the centre of the pitch instead, with Thiago and the ever-reliable Fabinho also lining up at the heart of the side. DON'T MISS Roy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]West Ham fans 'attack' German media after Michail Antonio goal against Frankfurt[REPORT]Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer[GOSSIP]      Forwards - Salah, Jota, Diaz Klopp could be tempted to rotate his attack at St James’ Park as he won’t want to overwork his superstar forwards during the intense business end of the season. Diogo Jota could come in to lead the line instead of Sadio Mane, while Mohamed Salah and Luis Diaz could flank the Portugal international in the front three. But Klopp will surely bring his big-hitters off early if the Reds can build a substantial lead against Eddie Howe’s men. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 