BBC Breakfast presenter Naga Munchetty, 47, was left feeling very amused after she and co-host Ben Thompson cut to Morning Live to find out what was on Friday’s show. Presenters Sara Cox and Gethin Jones introduced chef Anna Haugh who would be showing viewers how to cook asparagus in a variety of ways. As the broadcast returned to the Breakfast studio, Naga couldn’t help but poke fun at the segment. She probed: “Sara, Gethin, have you had the conversation about asparagus amongst the team this morning?” Sara swiftly responded with: “Yes we have, thank you Naga.” And Naga asked: “Any no's? The no's always surprise me.” READ MORE:Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ The BBC Radio Two presenter added: “Apparently the no’s are not true, it's just that they can’t smell it.” To which Gethin cheekily chimed in: “I’m a yes.” Naga then exclaimed: “We didn’t ask what you were!” Sara then reposted the clip to her 859,000 Twitter followers, and couldn’t help but make a pun of her own as she called out Naga. She wrote: “As usual Naga being a wee bit mischievous #Asparagus.” Naga promptly responded in the comments, saying: “Have no idea what you mean...” along with a laughing emoji. The presenters were likely referring to the fact that eating asparagus leaves people's urine with a strong smell, however, not everyone is able to detect it. The exchange came as Naga returned to the BBC Breakfast sofa after being absent for two weeks. She had been replaced by the channel’s weekend presenter, Rachel Burden, before her return on Thursday alongside Charlie Stayt. DON'T MISSJohnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip[LATEST]Phillip Schofield and Luke Evans' secret friendship exposed on holiday[INSIGHT]Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit[NEWS] It is likely that Naga took some time off over the Easter break, but that didn’t stop fans being concerned that she had left permanently following the departure of co-stars Dan Walker and Louise Minchin. Naga liked a number of messages on Twitter as users celebrated her return. Sandra wrote: “Lovely to see you back with Charlie on the red sofa this morning.” Timothy echoed: “Wonderful to see you back on the programme Naga.” And Roy added: “Good morning Naga and Charlie. Lovely to see some light-hearted and positive news stories this morning.” Dan announced earlier this month that he was leaving the morning programme after six years. The former Strictly Come Dancing star is moving to Channel 5 to front the rival news show. Announcing the news, Dan said it had been a “really difficult” decision, but that the move will allow him to make programmes “outside of news”. He added that the opportunity was a “chance to do something different” that he thought was “too good to turn down". Louise left BBC Breakfast in 2021, after almost 20 years working on the show.