The Russian President’s daughters are reportedly set to be sanctioned by the EU and United States over the atrocities allegedly carried out by Russian military personnel in Bucha. Maria Vorontsova, 36, and Katerina Tikhonova, 35, had managed to avoid any restrictions before this. Politicians, oligarchs and others within Putin’s close circle will also be targeted, with the proposals set to be signed off on Wednesday. Ms Vorontsova, a doctor, and Ms Tikhonova, a businesswoman, are both likely to be subjected to travel bans and EU asset freezes — though it is unclear whether either of them have any assets outside Russia. According to the Wall Street Journal, the US will implement similar measures amid global outrage at the brutal murder of innocent Ukrainian civilians. Little is known about Putin’s daughters as he keeps them both out of the media, but they are both children of his ex-wife Lyudmila Aleksandrovna Ocheretnaya. While the pair divorced in 2013 the split is riddled in mystery. READ MORE: Over 300 dogs found starved to death in Ukrainian shelter They announced that they would be separating after 29 years of marriage on state television, with Lyudmila saying: “It really was a mutual decision. “The marriage ended due to the fact that we hardly saw each other. “I really don’t like publicity and find flying difficult — and we hardly ever see each other.” A visibly uncomfortable Lyudmila tried to appear upbeat in the interview, yet her past raises questions over her finding flying difficult. A snippet from the Putin family’s official autobiography, ‘First Person: An Astonishingly Frank Self-Portrait by Russia's President’, reveals Lyudmila started out as a flight attendant for Aeroflot. She worked on domestic flights out of Kaliningrad, the Russian province sandwiched between Poland and Lithuania, where she met Putin. She wrote: “I'm from Kaliningrad. I worked as a stewardess on domestic flights. “There were no international flights to Kaliningrad. After all, it was a closed city.” DON'T MISS:Le Pen supported Russia’s Crimea annexation — unearthed 2017 reports [REVEALED]Vladimir Putin in crisis as Russian currency warned of 'collapse' [EXPERT]Putin's 'deep fear' about civilian uprisings [INSIGHT] Lyudmila recalled flying to Leningrad — present-day St Petersburg — with one of her friends who was heading there for a date but did not wish to go alone. She wrote: “She had been invited by a boy, but she was afraid to go by herself, so she invited me along. “When the boy heard that she had invited me, he brought Volodya [an affectionate name for Vladimir Putin].” They met on Nevsky Prospect, near the Duma building, where Putin was standing on the steps of the theatre ticket office. Lyudmila wrote about how her future husband was “poorly dressed,” and that she “wouldn’t have paid any attention to him on the street”. Though she did not “fall” for then-KGB agent Putin, she would fly to Leningrad for their following dates — despite an apparent fear of flying. Lyudmila, apparently so troubled with flying that it contributed towards her divorce from her husband, would fly 600 miles (960 kilometres) to meet him. She said: “I began to fly to Leningrad for dates. “How do most people travel for dates? On a tram, or a bus, or a taxi. “But I flew to my dates.” She added that she was forced to buy the tickets to fly to Leningrad, because her airline did not fly there at the time. Putin and Lyudmila welcomed their two daughters Maria and Katerina into the world in 1984 and 1985 respectively. The girls lived extremely private lives after their father became president, both attending university under false names to hide their identities. An anonymous source told Reuters that Lyudmila had professional ambitions of her own, but Putin, working within the Kremlin by this point, blocked her from doing so. The source said: “He thought a wife should be more modest and should not stick out.” Since their 2013 divorce, Lyudmila has remained mostly out of sight, with reports emerging in 2016 that she had remarried and moved to the south of France.