Between the months March and May is when you’ll notice that your grass has the chance to grow again. It’s important to take care of it and utilise these couple of months so that by the time summer approaches, your grass is healthy, lush and green. Fertilisation is one of the most important things when it comes to keeping the grass green. Nitrogen is key for healthy, strong, green grass so you should aim to fertilise your lawn a few times throughout the year. Once at the beginning of spring, once when summer kicks in around May and once more towards autumn. Mow your lawn first and then apply the fertiliser in order to give the grass the best chance at soaking up the nutrients. How do you fertilise your lawn? When fertilising, I advise using a spreader. This will allow you to ensure you have a good, even coverage over the grass. This is what professionals tend to use. Applying too much fertiliser could result in you burning your grass - so be careful! READ MORE: How to use a 'weed membrane' to eliminate 'tricker' weeds on the patio without chemicals Once you’ve applied your fertiliser let it settle into the grass before watering otherwise you will just rinse it away, especially if you’ve chosen a liquid fertiliser. Around 24 hours after applying, I recommend giving the grass a light water to encourage the fertiliser to continue to do its job. After the initial first watering, avoid watering again for a few days to allow the fertiliser to continue to do its job. After that you can go back to your regular schedule. DON'T MISSWater your garden 'when a lot of the soil is exposed [GARDENERS WORLD] 'Kick lawn into growing season': Start treating your lawns [EXPERT] 'Allow it to breathe': Lawn care pro says 'scarify' the garden [HOW TO] When it comes to watering your lawn, try giving your grass a longer and deeper water a couple of times a week rather than watering everyday for short periods of time. This way, you’re getting right down to the roots as well as leaving ample time before the next water for the grass to really soak it up. Another great tip is to use grass clippings to help your grass grow - this is called grasscycling. You can leave grass clippings on your lawn after it’s been mowed. The clippings decompose and provide nutrients back into the soil. You will find that the clippings also help to retain more water, this is because they’ll essentially act like mulch. Another way to stimulate growth smooth any sunken areas and improve the resilience of your lawn is by top dressing. Top dressing is mixing materials like sand, soil loam and peat and applying this to dry grass. You’ll want to do this when your lawn begins to grow so I would recommend waiting about a week or two after applying your fertiliser. Spring is the perfect time to get the grass into better shape after the harsh winter conditions. Between the months March and May is when you’ll notice that your grass has the chance to grow again. It’s important to take care of it and utilise these couple of months so that by the time summer approaches, your grass is healthy and green. Doing these things now and keeping on top of your regular and general lawn maintenance, means you’ll be able to enjoy fresh, bright green grass throughout the summer.