Liverpool could hijack Manchester United’s attempts to bring Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni to the Premier League as the Merseysiders have reportedly made initial contact with the ace’s entourage. Tchouameni has starred in Ligue 1 over the last two seasons and has been tipped to make a big-money move to England.  Liverpool have been in scintillating form since the start of the year and could land an unprecedented quadruple. But manager Jurgen Klopp clearly already has one eye on the future and will be looking to bolster his squad in the summer. If Liverpool want to dominate European football for years to come, they will surely need to add some young talent to their midfield. And, according to Foot Mercato, the Reds have now touched base with Tchouameni’s representatives. Tchouameni came through the ranks at Bordeaux before joining Monaco at the start of 2020. And the 22-year-old has gone on to rack up 92 appearances for his current club. Seven of those came in this season’s Europa League, although the star was powerless to prevent Monaco from crashing out at the hands of Portuguese side Braga in the last 16. READ MORE: Terry tells Chelsea to give in to Rudiger's demands ahead of exit  And Liverpool’s interest in the youngster could spell disaster for United as well as Chelsea, who are also said to be interested in signing him this summer. The Red Devils have endured a miserable season under previous boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and current interim manager Ralf Rangnick and are keen to bring in new faces when Erik ten Hag takes charge at the end of the campaign. But they look set to miss out on Champions League football - so attempting to secure the services of one of the best young players in France could prove futile. Chelsea, meanwhile, have been handed a transfer ban after current owner Roman Abramovich was sanctioned following Russia’s attack on Ukraine. So Liverpool could have a clear pathway to land the player if he decides to move to the Premier League. A whole host of European clubs are also said to be tracking Tchouameni, however, following his rise to prominence. And whoever manages to prise him away from Monaco will need to stump up a huge fee as the player still has two years remaining on his current deal. DON'T MISS Four stars Man Utd and Chelsea could fight for if Declan Rice stays Terry tells Chelsea to give in to Rudiger's demands ahead of exit Arsenal handed striker transfer boost with club 'ready to cash in'   Tchouameni made his France debut last September and has gone on to make seven further appearances for his country. And after starring in Les Bleus’ Nations League final victory over Spain in October, the ace admitted his phone had gone wild with transfer speculation. “I remember I was in Paris after the Nations League,” Tchouameni recently said. “I woke up and my phone had blown up. My father called me, we talked about everything and he told me that I was on the front page of Marca. I went on Twitter and saw for myself. I told him it was cool, but what does it actually matter? They talk about me today but tomorrow, they'll be talking about another.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here