Gennady Golovkin finally gets the chance to unify the middleweight division once again on Saturday when he travels to Japan to face Ryota Murata. The bout was due to take place on December 29 at the end of 2021 before it was postponed due to the pandemic just a few weeks out from the contest. Now all the talking is done as the Big Drama Show rumbles on in the Far East. Golovkin knows that victory is likely to secure him his long-awaited trilogy bout with Canelo Alvarez later in the year. But first, he must take care of business professionally against WBA champion Murata, who has tasted defeat twice in his 18-fight professional career. There's no getting away from it, GGG is a heavy favourite heading into the showpiece and Murata has not fought since December 2019. The Kazakh was last in action in December 2020 when he successfully stopped Kamil Szeremeta to record his third straight victory following the 2018 defeat to Canelo at the T-Mobile Arena, Las Vegas. Elsewhere, Erickson Lubin battles Sebastian Fundora for the WBC Interim Super-welterweight title. Golden Boy's Ryan Garcia is also back in the ring for the first time since he successfully beat Luke Campbell with a devastating body shot in January 2021. The 21-year-old has spent some time away from the sport due to mental struggles and injury as he prepares to take on Emmanuel Tagoe in San Antonio. Express Sport brings you all the important details you need to know to tune in... Japan Gennady Golovkin vs Ryota Murata (IBF and WBA middleweight world titles) Junto Nakatani vs Ryota Yamauchi Shuichiro Yoshino vs Masayuki Ito Kazuki Anaguchi vs Ryuji Yamamoto Hiroka Amaki vs Taiga Kato Las Vegas Erickson Lubin vs Sebastian Fundora Tony Harrison vs Sergio Garcia Kevin Salgado vs Bryant Perrella San Antonio Ryan Garcia vs Emmanuel Tagoe George Rincon vs Alejandro Frias Gregory Morales vs Katsuma Akitsugi Hector Valdez vs Daniel Colula Moncada If you fancy watching Golovkin in action, you're in for a rare afternoon treat. Because he is fighting in Japan, GGG is expected to battle Murata at around 2:10pm on Saturday afternoon. The fight will be shown live on DAZN, which costs £7.99 if you are not already subscribed. Garcia vs Tagoe will also be shown on DAZN with ring walks expected to begin at around 4am Sunday morning...