 SAS: Rogue Heroes is the new creation from the man behind Peaky Blinders Steven Knight. The six-part drama is based on the book of the same name by Ben Macintyre and documents the creation of the famed Special Forces unit. With season six of Peaky Blinders ending, fans won't have to wait too long to get stuck into the creator's newest show. Viewers are patiently waiting for the end of their current favourite Steven show, Peaky Blinders, and the BBC bosses have decided to tease them with what next to turn their attention. Transporting onlookers to Cairo, Egypt, in the Second World War, the SAS: Rogue Heroes trailer introduced them to a "band of oddities, gentlemen and pirates". The opening shot is of several desert jeeps crossing the sandy terrain in 1941, and it is only seconds until the first gunshot is fired. SAS: Rogue Heroes' synopsis reads: "Cairo, 1941. David Stirling (Connor Swindells)- an eccentric young officer, hospitalised after a training exercise went wrong - is bored. Read More: 'Been through a lot together' Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders after 10 years "Convinced that traditional commando units don't work, he creates a radical plan that flies in the face of all accepted rules of modern warfare. "He fights for permission to recruit the toughest, boldest and brightest soldiers for a small undercover unit that will create mayhem behind enemy lines. "More rebels than soldiers, Stirling's team are every bit as complicated, flawed and reckless as they are astonishingly brave and heroic." Joining Sex Education star Connor in the show is Game of Thrones' Alfie Allen, Skins actor Jack O'Connell, model, actress and dancer Sofia Boutella and The Crowns' Dominic West.  As the short 30-second teaser unfolded, fans saw one potential recruit answer the question: "Why'd you want to fight?" with: "I just love killing fascists, sir." Another states: "I understand you gentlemen are very good at killing people." Explosions, gunshots and a rocky soundtrack mean that the trailer acts simply as a teaser for spectators and implies that much more drama is to follow. Writer and executive producer on the show Steven, said: "It has been a privilege to work on a project which tells the story of a renegade band of soldiers who used wit and imagination as much as firepower to halt the march of Fascism across North Africa during the darkest days of World War Two." DON’T MISS…All Creatures Great and Small's Mrs Hall star explains her reluctance for romance [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin heartbroken as Toyah Battersby adopts baby Alfie [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead’s Leah star promises fans zombie series will 'never really end’ [LATEST]   In his statement about the show, he added: "This is a war story like no other, told in a way that is at once inspired by the facts and true to the spirit of this legendary brigade of misfits and adventurers." The trailer landed on the concluding day of Peaky Blinders and has been the talking point for many viewers online. Pippa Musgrave tweeted: "This looks good, however, the focus of the SAS wasn't to kill people, it was to destroy planes and equipment. "Paddy Maine almost got booted out for machine-gunning the pilots in a barracks on a raid in Libya."  