While Jupiter aligns with Neptune, the long-term transit with these creative powerhouses will be most potent as it will occur in the sign of Pisces today, and its energy will influence the remainder of the month. As deeper thoughts are provoked, expect to feel more selfless and grounded today - but take care to manage your expectations. This is the first and final time this transit will take place this year - it won’t repeat the usual two additional times as many outer-planet transits do. Today’s transit will stoke a spirit of altruism and generosity, you might see yourself making connections with others from different backgrounds, expanding your faith, or widening your mind through unusual or different experiences. Cafe Astrology said today we will be more inclined to “easily make personal sacrifices for what we believe to be the better good.” They continued: “Everyday ordinary life doesn’t satisfy, as we hunger for more imagination or purpose.  READ MORE: April 2022 horoscopes: What’s in store for each star sign this month  “This can undoubtedly lead to disappointment or strong feelings of discontent and restlessness. In fact, we may need a reality check to keep our expectations realistic.” Take extra caution with finances and otherworldly, practical affairs today, as you may be more at risk of missing critical details or take a gamble that might not pay off. Cafe Astrology said: “However, if we keep expectations in check, this can be a fabulous time for dreaming up new possibilities. “It’s also a period of greater compassion – when our guiding principle is to trust in people or the universe.”  While the more practical considerations take a back seat during days like today, the sun is due to form a sextile with Saturn in the early house of the morning, which will help you feel more grounded and organised in the day ahead. Cafe Astrology said: “It’s an excellent influence for preparing and attending to our practical affairs. We’re giving our priorities extra attention and our best efforts. “This transit helps ground us, or at the least, provides us with a sense of rhythm and helps us pace ourselves. “It has the most beautiful potential to teach us that humbling ourselves to accept constructive criticism and advice, or to recognise areas that need strengthening, can be beneficial.”  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry horoscope: Duke ‘trying’ to reconnect with Royal Family [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle horoscope: ‘More similar’ to half-sister than she thinks [ANALYSIS]Horoscopes April 2022: Russell Grant's reading for your star sign [EXPLAINED]    The energy will provide a strong sense of personal discipline to bring a little more purpose and practicality to situations. Self-awareness leads to realistic plans and goals, so play it safe and take a more conservative approach on days like today for a much more beneficial outcome. The Moon’s move into Virgo at 15:08 PM BST will stir more of a desire to “get down to business” or bring more order to our lives. Any clarity you’re missing will be restored after this time, as meticulous Virgo energies will support with wrapping up any loose ends. 