Today, Aussie favourite Robertson aims to add another title to his incredible portfolio of tournament wins, as he bids for victory in the World Snooker Championship. In his first round, Robertson will face Yorkshire's Ashley Hugill, and hope to secure his route through to the next stage of the tournament he won in 2010. This season, he is considered by many pundits as the favourite to win the tournament, ahead of top seeds Ronnie O'Sullivan and Mark Selby. And while the rush of playing in front of a packed out Sheffield crowd may make the nerves jangle for many, Robertson once recalled something that made him even more nervous than any snooker match. Speaking last year, the 40-year-old discussed his nerves after claiming a victory at the English Open. His wedding to longtime partner Fjelldal happened in August, and he said: "I've never been more nervous in my life. "It was the dance. Mille had a huge dress and I was so paranoid of tripping over it. "For some stupid reason I went on YouTube and I was looking up wedding fails, the foundations collapsing from underneath or something like that. "So we kept the dance pretty simple and I got through it. If I can get through the dance at the wedding, I can get through anything else that snooker can throw at you." He called it the "best day of our lives", though the "only downside was that more family couldn't come from Australia". He added: "I didn't really get marriage, I didn't really want to get married. I thought, oh God it's so expensive. I was like, do we really need to be married, we've been together so long? JUST IN: World Snooker Championship 2022 results: O'Sullivan eyes another title "But then on the day, I really kind of got it." In a recent Guardian interview, Robertson discussed his life before snooker, and the challenges he faced trying to get into the sport while being told to go to the job centre for money by his mother. He said: "I dragged myself there and the queue was full of people struggling mentally or personally. "To get your weekly dole cheque you had to prove you’d applied for jobs. The guy in front of me came up with all kinds of crazy excuses and he was told he was not getting his dole cheque. DON'T MISS:Ronnie O'Sullivan's snooker retirement hint: 'Doesn't make sense' [INSIGHT]Neil Robertson left 'completely helpless' by wife’s struggles [LATEST]Neil Robertson admitted addiction hampered snooker career [ANALYSIS] "He was screaming and insulting the woman behind the counter so he got told to leave. "I turned around and went home." He soon found work "collecting glasses" in a pub, which saw all his fellow bus-boys have "shaved heads because we were running around sweating so much". Robertson added: “I was like a hawk around the bar because everyone’s drunk. "They would be paying and a note would fall on the ground. I’d get in there with a mop and yoick! $10 in my pocket. Sometimes it would be $20 and we’d scrounge together like vultures. "I also remember being the one rolling up the urinal mat at the end of the night, putting on big thick gloves, and it was just awful. "But it gave me a really good perspective – like this is what you could be doing unless you dedicate yourself to snooker.” So far in 2022, Robertson has claimed two tournament victories. He defeated Barry Hawkins in the Players Championship, before a stunning 10-9 win over John Higgins in the Tour Championship. Coverage of the World Snooker Championship continues across the BBC today.