Red Bull will take a major risk by upgrading their car at this weekend's Emilia Romagna Grand Prix despite only having an hour of practice before Friday's qualifying session, according to Helmut Marko. The Austrian outfit have endured a turbulent start to the new F1 season as a result of their sub-par reliability, with Max Verstappen having been forced to retire through no fault of his own on two occasions in Bahrain and Australia. The Dutchman will be hoping to rescue his Drivers' Championship title hopes with an improved showing at Imola, which will host the first sprint event of the new season. The revised schedule means that qualifying will take place on Friday before a short race on Saturday dictates the grid order for Sunday's race, leaving Red Bull with just an hour of practice to get to grips with their upgrades before the competitive action begins."Ferrari has such a complex package that is easy to coordinate, everything has to be right so that we can counteract it," Marko told RTL when quizzed on Red Bull's plan of action at Imola."That’s exactly why we take this risk of bringing new parts with just one practice session. We want to attack fully and see it as our chance instead of just waiting. Ferrari and [Charles] Leclerc are too strong for that." JUST IN: Helmut Marko slams Mercedes 'politics' as he speaks on Ferrari rivalry Marko went on to add that Red Bull's upgrades are focused on cutting weight in order to close the gap to Ferrari, who have dominated proceedings since the beginning of the new campaign. Leclerc currently leads the Drivers' Championship standings after winning two out of three Grands Prix and sits 46 points clear of Verstappen, who will be desperately hoping for his fortunes to improve over the coming weeks and months."That doesn’t happen overnight, it’s a lengthy process, because we’re a lot overweight, at least significantly more than Ferrari," explained Marko."If we get close to Barcelona, if we get to Ferrari’s level, we’re actually quite satisfied." Meanwhile, it seems likely that Red Bull will remain quicker than Mercedes when F1 returns at Imola due to the German team's distinct lack of pace over the first three Grands Prix of the new season. Marko is not prepared to write the Silver Arrows off just yet, though, and believes that things will finally start to click for them in the not-too-distant future."At the moment they are one second behind in qualifying, half a second behind in the race and not a direct opponent for us," he added. "But that can change relatively quickly. They will certainly have a say in the world championship." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE