Amanda Owen rose to success with her Channel 5 reality series Our Yorkshire Farm. The programme follows the mum-of-nine and her husband Clive Owen as they run their beloved Ravenseat Farm. Not only does the show highlight the reality of farming, but it also showcases the challenges farmers face. Since her debut on Our Yorkshire Farm, Amanda has featured in a number of other farming shows, including Springtime on a Farm. The Channel 5 farming show, hosted by Helen Skelton and Jules Hudson, invites a number of experts including the likes of Countryfile’s Adam Henson, Amanda and JLS singer JB Gill. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the pop star turned farmer opened up about what it is like to work with Amanda and Adam. He explained every time they meet up, they like to discuss their own farms, as well as sharing advice and tips. Speaking about Amanda, JB began: “We’ve been on the show together, in fact, on pretty much all of them on the farm series.” READ MORE: Naga Munchetty tells viewers Boris Johnson is in prison Paying a tribute to his co-star, he continued: “I think this year, we're both going to be working together, which is cool. “Amanda is great, she’s always been lovely every time I’ve met her and her children as well, Ruben I’ve met, and a couple of others.” As well as juggling his music career, TV presenting and being a father, JB successfully produces award-winning KellyBronze turkeys and free-range Tamworth pork at his farm in Kent. Discussing the advice Amanda gives him when they meet up, the Beat Again hitmaker said: “As farmers, you always trade…I wouldn't say secrets but you only trade information whenever you meet up.” He added: “[Amanda] She’s up in Yorkshire and I am down in Kent so it’s completely different backgrounds and climates which should be farmed differently. “So, there’s not really much of a crossover but when we see each other, we always have a good chat and just see how things are going.” The 35-year-old, who recently appeared on the latest series of Springtime on the Farm, went on to praise the variety of shows on TV which show the true reality of farming. He said: “One of the things with farming is you can't pretend, it is what it is.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Dawn Taylor working with Jamie Tate in affair twist  [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise star 'cried' after getting rejected from role [INSIGHT]Simon Cowell responds to Amanda Holden racy outfit backlash [NEWS] “Ultimately, as much as you can plan, you can prepare, you can put things in process and you can spend all the money and ultimately, everything is dependent on the place where you're growing it, and the ground that you're using,” the pop star admitted. “Whether it's cattle when they're eating grass, or whether it's the carrots you're growing in the ground. “If we have a dry summer that severely impacts on productivity, and if we have a really cold spring, which we have this year… the ground frost, especially for people who grow vegetables, has a massive impact. “The richest farmer in the world still has to deal with that.” Praising Jeremy Clarkson and his Amazon Prime series, Clarkson’s Farm, JB explained: So, it's just about understanding that and for me, whether it's Jeremy Clarkson or the most experienced farmer in the country, they still have to deal with that and they still have to manage that. “I love seeing shows [Clarkson's Farm] like that, I love seeing when it's real." Speaking about his own experience, the TV presenter added: “With anything, I think even farming today, you know a lot of farms, and even on programmes like Springtime on a Farm, talk about diversification. “So even the best and the biggest farms face their own challenges and their own struggles. “I didn’t have much knowledge and I was able to work with people like Adam Henson, who is involved in the show, and he came down to the farm and certainly we have lots of in-depth discussions and did lots of research before making a decision about what I would go into.” Springtime on the Farm is available to watch on Channel 5.