A medication called oxybutynin designed to target overactive bladder could soon become available over the counter. This will be confirmed based on the results of a Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) consultation. Overactive bladder, also known as OAB, describes a condition in which you feel a frequent and sudden urge to pee, the Mayo Clinic explains. OAB targets millions of women in the UK that could potentially benefit from the introduction of oxybutynin without a prescription. The MHRA’s consultation is set to determine whether Aquiette 2.5mg tablets (oxybutynin hydrochloride) should be reclassified from a prescription-only medicine (POM) to a pharmacy (P) medicine. Speaking on ITV’s This Morning, Dr Ellie said: “This is really good news. READ MORE: Long Covid: Four symptoms women more likely to experience, according to study “The fact they can’t control their urine - it’s so shameful, so embarrassing, it really shouldn’t be. “And it affects a lot of people, so being able to buy this medication, which is called oxybutynin, over the counter could really be transformative for a lot of people. “Actually, the MHRA, who control medications in this country, want to hear from women. “So, if anybody’s watching and they want to take this medication or they do take it on prescription, please fill out the review that you are able to online, because it could help,” the TV doctor urged.  The MHRA is currently asking healthcare professionals, pharmacists and women affected by overactive bladder symptoms to respond to the consultation, which launched on 23 April. If the MHRA decides to make the pill available without a prescription, this would be the first time a medication for overactive bladder would be available over the counter. The Commission on Human Medicines has shared that it is safe for Aquiette 2.5mg tablets to be made available as a P medicine If the switch gets approved, pharmacists will receive training and a checklist to help them spot women who can be given the pill, the MHRA explains. If you suffer from overactive bladder, you may feel the urge to urinate many times during the day and night. Perhaps the worst aspect of this condition is that the urge to pee can be difficult to control, the Mayo Clinic shares. This means that you could also experience an unintentional loss of urine, known as urgency incontinence. The health portal says: “If you have an overactive bladder, you may feel embarrassed, isolate yourself, or limit your work and social life. “The good news is that a brief evaluation can determine whether there's a specific cause for your overactive bladder symptoms.” The main symptoms of this condition include: While this condition isn’t uncommon in older adults, overactive bladder isn’t considered a normal part of ageing. Fortunately, between medication and lifestyle habits, such as dietary changes and exercises, there’s plenty that can help.