Meghan Markle, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, signed lucrative multimillion-dollar deals with Spotify and Netflix in the months following their exit from the Royal Family. But royal biographer of the new book The Palace Papers, Tina Brown has claimed the Duke and Duchess of Sussexes deals are "going nowhere". Speaking to the Washington Post Live, Ms Brown said: "There is the question of the whole entertainment deals what they did. "I think if they had more savvy advisers could tell them the whole problem with entertainment deals is that you have to deliver hits. "They're great, anyone if they're lucky can sign a major entertainment deal but where's the product. "They've signed with Netflix, what have we seen? Nothing really besides this upcoming documentary with Invictus which I think will be great. "I think it's a good idea but you know, creating entertainment that works is very hard to do. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'refuses to bend' on Camilla title "Their Spotify podcast seems to have gone nowhere and now Meghan is doing a new one about Archetypes. "Netflix isn't doing so well, are they going to renew that contract? "They're now having to scramble for the deals in the way that anybody who is a celebrity in the platformless universe has to do. "I think it's a very hard task to keep that. If you're a royal, there's no time stamp on it and you can be as boring as you want for years and year and still you've going to have big things coming your way." 9honey royal correspondent Natalie Oliveri has since shed light on the "unhappy business relationship". Speaking to Today extra, Ms Oliveri said: "They are one of Spotify's most high-profile clients. "They signed a deal with Spotify in December 2020 worth an estimated $30 million (£185million) but so far they've just produced one podcast that was released in December 2020. "Last week it emerged that Spotify had actually taken back control of Harry and Meghan's podcast over this lack of content. It's all a bit murky there with the multi-million dollar deal." DON'T MISS Prince Harry in 'much better spot' than Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [VIDEO]Royal 'precedent' which could see Andrew snubbed from Jubilee balcony [ANALYSIS] Presenter Sylvia Jeffreys added: "It doesn't seem like a very happy business relationship at this point." It comes as Meghan and Harry have been "expressing concerns" to Spotify about Covid-19 misinformation but say they will continue to work with the platform. In a statement, the couple's charity Archewell said they had been expressing concerns to Spotify about the issue since the charity's inception, and continue to do so "to ensure changes to its platform are made to help address this public health crisis". It comes after a number of artists ditched the platform due to controversial content such as The Joe Rogan Experience podcast, which has been known to air vaccine-sceptical views. An Archewell spokesperson said the couple are "committed to continuing" their work with the streaming platform.