Jimmy Savile was known as one of the most popular and loved broadcaster and kid's entertainer during his career. But following his death allegations of abuse emerged and he was branded one of Britain's most prolific paedophiles. On Wednesday, April 6, Netflix released a two-part film that explores how he managed to "fool" the nation for so many years, as they reveal archive footage from his career. Discussing the documentary's release, GB News host Eamonn Holmes recalled meeting Jimmy and expressed how controlling he thought he was. Eamonn began: "I'm saying I think people who didn't know who Savile was, the last time I met him, I think all the times I met him were here in Manchester. "He lived in Leeds, and this was part of his patch, part of his bait, and I could only say to you, I think people forgive him lots because he was this clown character." Isabel interjected and agreed: "He was a philanthropist everyone thought, didn't they!" "He was this larger than life," Eamonn continued. "You know, you couldn't really put him in a box, and certainly, while I worked here and while he was active, I never heard any stories about him to warn me off, or people thought he was odd. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show "I thought he was very controlling when I met him, and if he didn't like something, he immediately turned on you or the producers or researchers, and he got what he wanted all the time. "He was just a strange character, after he died, you would then hear people say, 'Oh well, you know what he was into.' "I remember the most awful accusation I heard against him was so awful I just couldn't believe it, and it was necrophilia, and it appears that may well have been the case," he explained. GB News guest Mark Williams-Thomas who is a former police detective turned investigative journalist, also spoke about his knowledge of Jimmy's crimes. "He was a character, he was an incredibly controlling persuasive individual who managed to get himself right to the very top of the industry and as a result of that, he was allowed to do almost whatever he wanted," he started. "That was what gave him the access, and he wasn't bad all the time, course he wasn't, but what he was clever and manipulative, and he got access. "Eamonn, I know you well enough that if you had any thoughts or concerns about Savile during your time, you would have said something. "He was clever enough to know those people who were going to blow the whistle on him, but there were people out there who did have information. DON'T MISS...Netflix sparks uproar with Jimmy Savile documentary [INSIGHT]Vernon Kay mistakenly praises Marc Almond for Jimmy Savile duet [LATEST]Keir Starmer claim fact-check: Boris Johnson's Savile claim debunked [VIDEO] "There were people out there who could have stopped and certainly taken some action in relation to him but by and large, the people that he met and the people he abused were never going to say anything because that is the very nature of power and control. "Crucially, victims were never going to be believed, this is the guy who put himself in the centre of every piece of attention. "He created an almost clown effect around him at a time where people would simply pass it off as that was Savile", Mark concluded. Savile had forged a hugely successful career in TV and radio after starting out in the late 1950s and was awarded an OBE in 1971 and a knighthood in 1990. However, under the masquerade of his life in the limelight, he often targeted young and vulnerable people, many of which came forward in 2011 after he had died. A synopsis for the documentary read: “Jimmy Savile rose to prominence in a career spanning decades in the entertainment industry in the UK. "He had raised millions for charity, been knighted by the Queen and achieved national treasure status by the time he died on the 29th October 2011. "His funeral was broadcast live on the BBC." Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.