BBC Breakfast presenter Sally Nugent has taken to Twitter to congratulate Chris Mason who is taking over the role of Political Editor at the BBC following Laura Kuenssberg's departure this Spring. The BBC presenter, 50, reacted to the news after it was announced by the BBC earlier today and along with her colleagues including Naga Munchetty and Laura herself. In view of her 144,200 followers, the co-host of BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker congratulated her colleague. Sally wrote: "Congratulations to the brilliant @ChrisMasonBBC." The star reposted a tweet by BBC Politics which announced the news earlier today. Sally's fellow BBC Breakfast co-star Naga Munchetty also commented following the announcement. READ MORE: Victoria Beckham spent eye-watering sum for her dazzling wedding look Reacting to the news that Chris Mason will be taking up the post of Political Editor in May by the BBC News Press Team, Naga congratulated her colleague. She wrote: "Excellent news @ChrisMason BBC," along with a series of applauding hands. Laura too congratulated her replacement, writing on Twitter: "Huge congrats and welcome to the best daily job in the business, to colleague, great friend and of course #newscaster @ChrisMasonBBC." Last December, Laura confirmed she is stepping down as the BBC's political editor in April after seven years but she is staying with the corporation. In a statement, Laura said: "I've been so lucky to do the best daily reporting job in the business, with the best colleagues anyone could wish for. "It's been incredible to occupy the chair during a time of such huge change and to try to make sense of it for our viewers, listeners and readers online. "I'll miss the daily drama, and our wonderful team in Westminster, immensely. "But after nearly seven years and what feels like decades' worth of headlines, it's time for the next move," she added. DON'T MISS... Holly Willoughby admits proving critics right on 'dreadful' interview [INSIGHT]Emma Willis admits family home with husband Matt is a 'disaster' [ANALYSIS]Sandra Bullock on seeing Channing Tatum strip after lingering look [UPDATE] Laura succeeded Nick Robinson as political editor in 2015, becoming the first woman to hold the position. She covered the Brexit referendum, the Government's response to the pandemic and two general elections. According to the corporation's most recent annual report, Laura earned around £260,000. She previously served as the BBC's chief political correspondent and was the first business editor of ITV News. Following Sally's congratulatory tweet, fans of the BBC Breakfast star took to the comments to weigh in on the announcement. @markpeck32 wrote: "Well done chris top man well deserved my friend." @ianrkenilworth penned: "Agreed fantastic news for @ChrisMasonBBC." While @Kitmankev added: "Have to say I used to like Chris but feel he has become less challenging but hopefully in his new role this characteristic will return."