The Masters signals the first major tournament of the year, and a capacity crowd is expected to flock to the iconic Augusta National course throughout the four days. Fans will be desperate to see the best golfers on the planet face off for the coveted Green Jacket - and Dustin Johnson will certainly be in contention. Johnson, who turned professional aged 23 back in 2007, has already claimed the Masters title when he won the 2020 edition of the tournament at a canter. He shattered the record by finishing -20. The 37-year-old previously overcame injuries and problems off the course to become world number one, firstly in February 2017. Amid rumours, an official PGA Tour announcement in 2014 declared Johnson was stepping away from the sport and he was not suspended, with the American claiming he was taking a break to seek help for ‘personal challenges’. When he returned in 2015, Johnson found form to return to the top 15 and reached world number one status in 2017. With his win at the Genesis Open that year, Johnson had secured a title in each of his first 10 seasons - a feat previously only accomplished by legends Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods. READ MORE: Tiger Woods made Masters comeback thanks to partner after crash Johnson - who is engaged to Paulina Gretzky, daughter of ice hockey icon Wayne - has a net worth of just over £38 million. This is largely aided by his impressive £53.5m earned in tournament prize money over the course of his career. If you include the £11.5m he won at the 2020 FedEx Cup, Johnson is the third-highest earning golfer in history behind Woods (approximately £92m) and Phil Mickelson (£70m). Even without the FedEx Cup money, the 2020 Masters champion is the fifth highest-earning golfer of all-time. DON'T MISSMasters start delayed as thunderstorms force time change at majorJon Rahm shares insight into family life before 2022 MastersWhy is Phil Mickleson not playing at The Masters? Full story explained Ultimately, Johnson has 28 professional wins and has spent 135 weeks atop the world rankings across his career. He is also a two-time major winner, with his Masters title two years ago following his 2016 US Open win. In 2015, it was reported that Johnson had purchased a residence in Florida’s Palm Beach Gardens for around £3.8m. Located about 80 miles north of Miami, the 8,000-square-foot property also features a dock that leads to a small private island.