Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has asked Paris Saint-Germain to clamp down on their squad's usage of social media if he swaps north London for the French capital in the summer months, according to reports. Conte is said to be keen on ditching Tottenham after just five months in charge and replacing Mauricio Pochettino at the Parc des Princes if the latter is relieved of his duties in advance of next season. Pochettino is widely expected to be sacked by PSG despite the club's recent Ligue 1 triumph after failing to make the Champions League quarter-finals earlier in the campaign. Conte is open to the idea of replacing Pochettino in the dugout next season but has already made an unorthodox demand that could be pivotal to dictating his stance on whether or not to take the job, according to RMC Sport.The report claims that Conte would like PSG to appoint a director of social networks to run the rule over the social media habits of their squad. The 52-year-old is said to have grown tired with the increased presence of 'Instagram players' in the world of football and would be looking to combat the issue at PSG if he eventually decides to join the club ahead of next season.It remains to be seen whether PSG would be willing to grant Conte's wishes if they decide on a change in management over the coming weeks and months. Reports in France have claimed that Pochettino will be removed from his post in the not-too-distant future, with Zinedine Zidane also having been linked with the potential vacancy over the course of this season. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton warned over Chelsea takeover due to Arsenal loyalties Meanwhile, Le Parisien have stated that Conte has already expressed his interest in the PSG job and would be prepared to ditch Tottenham for a move across the Channel this summer. However, sources close to the Italian have dismissed the reports as mere speculation due to the absence of a break clause in his deal at Spurs, according to football.london.Conte only joined Tottenham in November but will be out of contract at the end of next season and has publicly questioned his future at the club on a number of recent occasions. He has managed to steer his side back into contention for a top-four finish in the Premier League over the last few months but raised doubts over the length of his stay after a run of poor results back in February. "When I say about making an assessment, for sure I have to speak with the club," Conte told talkSPORT. "I have to speak with the club to talk and find the right solution because, I repeat, it’s not right to continue this way."It’s not right. I’m too honest to close my eyes and continue this way because I have my salary, I may be able to find the right solution for the club." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here