Tyson Fury will put his WBC and 'The Ring' heavyweight belts on the line at Wembley Stadium on Saturday when he faces Dillian Whyte in a British bout for the books. The undefeated 'Gypsy King' will fight on English soil for the first time in almost four years and is an overwhelming favourite to improve his pristine record. Boxing fans were perplexed after promoters failed to name an undercard when that meeting was confirmed, though the full schedule has since been confirmed. Among those, Fury's half-brother Tommy will fight for the first time in almost a year when he takes on Polish challenger Daniel Bocianski. The younger Fury sibling was due to take on Jake Paul in December before a rib injury and chest infection put paid to those plans. 'TNT' is 7-0 but may encounter a stiff test, despite the 10-1 'Bocian' competing only once in the past two-and-a-half years, not to mention fighting outside his native Poland for the first time. Saturday's undercard will also feature two title fights, the most heavily anticipated of which pits Northern Ireland's Anthony Cacace against Colombian veteran Jonathan Romero. Each combatant has lost only once in their careers, though 34-1 Romero cuts an intimidating figure for 19-1 Cacace in his bid to claim the vacant WBO International super-featherweight title. READ MORE Dillian Whyte breaks silence before Tyson Fury fight as he blasts Gypsy King's trash talk  Romero, 35, competed as a bantamweight at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and is riding an 11-win streak to London, having finished four of his last five opponents. 'Apache', 33, suffered a unanimous-decision defeat to Martin Ward when he last fought at Wembley, meanwhile, which also happened to be for a vacant belt (Commonwealth super-featherweight). The other title tilt on the card sees Fury's friend and training partner, Isaac Lowe, get his shot at the vacant WBC Silver featherweight when he faces Nick Ball. The addition was a surprise for some after Lowe suffered a stoppage defeat against Luis Alberto Lopez in December, albeit the first loss in the career of the 'Westgate Warrior' (21-1-3). DON'T MISS Tyson Fury's dad slams David Haye in explosive interview as he rubbishes retirement talk Teenage boxer Ali Tazeem dubbed 'next Amir Khan' dies in a car accident Tyson Fury hints retirement announcement coming after blockbuster Dillian Whyte fight   Ball, 25, retains a perfect 14-0 record intact and remains a promising prospect at featherweight, having finished Piotr Gudel inside 36 seconds when he last fought in October. This bout has some added spice, too, as Lancashire native Lowe looks to get his career back on track against Liverpudlian rival, Ball. The card is scheduled to get underway at 6pm local time, while the first televised bout isn't slated to start until 7pm. Fury and Whyte, meanwhile, aren't expected to take to the ring until around 10.30pm. Fury vs. Whyte Full Undercard Anthony Cacace vs. Jonathan Romero (for the vacant WBO International super-featherweight title) Isaac Lowe vs. Nick Ball (for the vacant WBC Silver featherweight title) David Adeleye vs. Chris Healey (heavyweight) Tommy Fury vs. Daniel Bocianski (light heavyweight) Karol Itauma vs. Michael Ciach (light-heavyweight) Kurt Walker vs. Stefan Nicolae (super-featherweight) Royston Barney-Smith vs. Constantin Radoi (super-featherweight)