Erik ten Hag is claimed to want to bring in a Dutch former Manchester United player onto his staff if he is appointed the next permanent boss of the Red Devils. The Ajax manager is the favourite to replace interim manager Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season. Ten Hag was interviewed by United last month as the club stepped up their attempts to appoint a new manager. Mauricio Pochettino is also one of the leading candidates for the role. Pochettino's future at Paris Saint-Germain is in doubt following the French club's failure to reach the latter stages of the Champions League. But Ten Hag could be a cheaper and easier option for United. The Times claims, if appointed, Ten Hag wants a Dutch ex-United player to come onto his backroom staff in some capacity. Express Sport looks at five players who fit that criteria and could be approached for a role. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag wants Dutch support at Man Utd if he takes over from Rangnick  Feyenoord assistant manager Van Persie has already been linked with a role at United. The former striker is under consideration and Stretty News claims he would be keen on a return to the club. Van Persie spent three years at United between 2012 and 2015 but his first campaign was undoubtedly his best. He scored 26 Premier League goals as Sir Alex Ferguson won the title in his last season as manager. DON'T MISSErling Haaland 'drops wage demands' after talks with Premier League clubs [REPORT]Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee [REPORT]Bayern told to take 'revenge' on Granovskaia by 'helping themselves' to Havertz [TRANSFERS]  There is no mention of whether Ten Hag would want this appointment to be a coach or a more senior member of staff at United. Van der Sar has been the chief executive at Ajax since 2016 after previously being marketing director so knows Ten Hag incredibly well. However, United have only recently appointed a new CEO in Richard Arnold. With Rangnick also set to take up a consultancy role, it appears unlikely there would be an opportunity for Van der Sar, with coaching a path he does not appear interested in.  Stam has already thrown his hat into the ring for a role. Speaking this week, the former defender said: "If they would ask me, I would do it straight away without a doubt." Stam is currently out of work after being sacked by FC Cincinnati last September. He was an integral part of United's treble-winning team in 1998/99 and was a player Ferguson later said he regretted selling. Son of Dutch legend Johan, Jordi Cruyff spent four years at United between 1996 and 2000. His time at the club was littered with injury problems and went out on loan for the second half of the 1998/99 campaign to miss out on the treble glory. Cruyff is currently a sporting advisor at Barcelona, the club he started his career at. He has clear links to Ajax after coming through the ranks there in the 1980s which could be a common ground between him and Ten Hag.  Van der Gouw made 60 appearances for United between 1996 and 2002 as back-up to Peter Schmeichel and then Fabian Barthez. He turned to coaching following the end of his playing days in 2007. He was goalkeeper coach at Sunderland for two years before an 11-year spell at Vitesse. The 59-year-old is currently goalkeeper coach at PSV Eindhoven so could be brought in by Ten Hag if he wants a big shake up of the staff. There are two other Dutch former United players who are no longer playing but won't be returning to the club. Ruud van Nistelrooy will become PSV boss from next season. Meanwhile, 70-year-old Arnold Muhren has been out of football for the majority of the time since he retired in 1989. 