Queen Elizabeth II will soon mark 70 years on the throne as the monarch gears up for the Platinum Jubilee in June after the royal celebrated her 96th birthday on Thursday. Her Majesty was visited by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle at the weekend in a secret visit to Windsor Castle which was kept quietly under wraps. Loose Women panel member Jane Moore, 59, has addressed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's brief visit to the UK in her latest column. The presenter has since suggested that the Queen may have made a "misstep" after it was reported that the Sussexes have been asked to take part in the forthcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The TV star claimed that this could be the first time during the Queen's reign that she may have made an error by allowing the royal couple to take "centre stage". Writing in her column, Jane began: "Prince Harry says it was 'great' to see The Queen when he and wife Meghan made a flying visit to Windsor the other day." READ MORE: Martin Roberts in hospital with 'hours to live' after chest pains She went on: "Meanwhile, it has been reported that while the Sussexes will have 'no formal role' in the forthcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations, The Queen has invited them to join her for the traditional appearance on the palace balcony. "Hmmm. A family rapprochement behind closed doors is one thing, but one wonders whether the British public feels quite so forgiving towards this petulant pair?" "If true, allowing them to take centre stage at such a momentous national occasion could prove a rare misstep for our monarch in 70 years on the throne," she added to The Sun. The columnist went on to suggest that since Harry and Meghan stepped down from their royal duties two years ago the pair have shown a "disdain for royal tradition".  Jane went on reference Harry's latest legal battle with the UK Home Office for not providing police protection for him and his family ahead of Prince Philip's memorial service held in March. The Loose Women host's comment comes after it was reported that the Sussexes could possibly join the Queen on the iconic balcony during the Jubilee celebrations. The pair have been invited to attend the Queen's celebration of 70 years on the throne during a four-day party in seven weeks' time. If they decide to join the royals, Meghan and Harry will appear at family events - which include the balcony appearance and a service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. DON'T MISS... Sharon Osbourne and Piers Morgan row over Johnny Depp amid court case[LATEST]'Vile!' Eamonn Holmes slammed by Harry and Meghan's pal over jibe[ROYALS]'Your dad just got annoyed!' Piers Morgan blasts Trump's son[TV] But as the pair are no longer working royals, they wouldn't be able to play central roles in the celebrations, it is understood. Meanwhile, Britain's longest-reigning monarch celebrated her birthday in Sandringham. Her Majesty travelled by helicopter to her Norfolk estate, where she is being joined by family and friends. She is thought to be staying in a cottage particularly liked by her late husband, Prince Philip. The monarch has since released a photo to mark the celebratory occasion, showing the Queen with two ponies and reflecting her lifelong interest in horses. The picture was taken at Windsor Castle, where the Queen now mostly stays, and shows her with two Fell ponies, who will appear in the forthcoming Royal Windsor Horse Show. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge wished the Queen happy birthday on Twitter, calling the monarch an "inspiration to so many across the UK, the Commonwealth and the world". Prince Harry suggested in a US TV interview that the Queen might be downplaying this latest milestone, saying that "after a certain age you get bored of birthdays".