Stacey Solomon, 32, has revealed that things aren’t as picture perfect behind-the-scenes of her brand new kitchen transformation. The Loose Women star shared a candid clip with her 5.1 million Instagram followers, showing that the renovations at Pickle Cottage had caused her fiancé Joe Swash, 40, to fly into a rage. Stacey couldn’t stop laughing at Joe’s fury after she banned him from using their new dishwasher, in order to keep it looking fresh.  The star captioned the clip: "Joe's loosing (sic) it because I don't want to use anything in the kitchen until it's fully finished."  Joe could be heard fuming in the background: "It's like living in a kitchen showroom where you're not allowed to sit on anything."  The mum-of-four then explained: "It's not finished yet and I don't want to use it until it's finished." READ MORE... Piers Morgan brands GMB exit a 'farce', calling Meghan 'shameful'  However, Joe was less than impressed with his fiancée’s reasoning.    He fired back: "Who cares if we used the dishwasher?    "No-one opens the dishwasher and goes 'oh well that's not new, the dishwasher's been used'."    Stacey then attempted to make Joe understand her thought process, suggesting: "When it's finished we'll do like a couple of days and then I'll let us use it."  Unfortunately, Joe still struggled to get to grips with her plans. Stacey went on to ask for her fans’ thoughts on the debate, to find out if she was the “only person” who had these concerns with new kitchen appliances. The star penned in a video caption: “Please tell me I'm not the only person like this... "I just want it to be fully finished and nice and untouched for a couple of days and then use it... Why am I like this?" DON'T MISS:George Alagiah leaves fans tearful at BBC return amid cancer battle [COMMENT]Piers Morgan leaks Susanna Reid's text after TalkTV 'snub' accusation [OPINION]Demi Rose flaunts tiny corseted waist in low-cut red leather dress [PICS] Luckily for the former X Factor contestant, she wasn’t alone in her thinking.  She exclaimed while giggling: "I actually love you lot so so much. Your messages make my day."  Stacey then quipped: "I'm so happy I'm not the only person like this.  "Look at that, all shiny and clean.” Aiming a swipe at Joe and their young family, the TV personality added: “I just want her to settle in with us before she has to come to the harsh reality of living with five kids and Joe Swash."  Stacey previously revealed she had decided to get rid of the retro Aga oven that came with the house for a more environmentally friendly alternative.  Stacey said on Instagram: "Audrey the Aga. I love her so much.  "We fell in love with her when we moved in but it was gas & used a huge amount from a tank in the garden, so we sent her back to Aga for them to repurpose & switched it for an electric one to save energy.  "I called her Audrey and I’m going to jazz the wall up behind her with something special so she stands out even more."