Liverpool could be set to raise a welcome chunk of transfer money if they manage to offload Neco Williams to Fulham on a permanent basis ahead of next season. The Welshman has enjoyed a period of stunning form on loan at Fulham, who secured an immediate return to the Premier League by rubber-stamping their latest promotion from the Championship on Tuesday night. Williams has occasionally been involved in Liverpool's first-team picture over the last few years and remains tied down to the Reds until the summer of 2025. However, he struggled for game time before joining Fulham on loan in January and would likely embrace the opportunity to play regular football from next season onwards.Fulham were heavily linked with a permanent move for Williams last summer before eventually snapping him up on a temporary basis six months later. The Cottagers reportedly baulked at the defender's £10million asking price but could be willing to meet Liverpool's demands at the next time of asking in order to boost their hopes of achieving Premier League survival next season.It seems as though a £10m fee would be very affordable for Fulham, who spent over £100m on new recruits in the summer after they were promoted to England's top-flight back in 2019. A move for Williams would also benefit Liverpool by freeing his wages from their books and providing a boost to their own transfer kitty while trimming their squad in the process. JUST IN: Harry Kane's reason for snubbing move away from Tottenham this summer The Reds and Fulham have conducted plenty of business in recent years, with Fabio Carvalho set to follow in the footsteps of Harvey Elliott by making the switch to Anfield at the end of the season. That said, it remains to be seen whether Williams will look to emulate the likes of Harry Wilson and Lazar Markovic by going the other way to Craven Cottage in the not-too-distant future.The promise of consistent first-team football would be hugely tempting for Williams, who will be looking to nail down a place in the Wales squad over the next few months if they manage to qualify for this year's World Cup in Qatar. He has already spoken of his desire to work on his creative output by playing regular matches at Liverpool or elsewhere as he continues to develop on an upward trajectory. "New year is a time to set goals and see if you can succeed in achieving them, for me that is playing games," Williams told Liverpool's matchday programme ahead of their FA Cup win over Shrewsbury Town back in January."Trying to get as much game-time as I can, doing well and trying to contribute assists when I'm playing. Every time I play the main focus for me, when we've got the ball, is getting assists."The way full-backs have developed in the last few years, especially as Liverpool, it is all about trying to get as many assists as we can. You see it with Trent, with Robbo and with Kostas and myself, we are all trying to help the team score to win games." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here