Four days ahead of the first round of the French presidential election, French presidential contender Marine Le Pen slapped Macron’s recent track record. The latest poll shows Le Pen continuing to rise in the polls with 23 percent of votes in the first round – only a four-point gap with President Emmanuel Macron. Her rise in the polls has had stock traders fearing her programme would make “a hole in till”, with a two percent drop recorded yesterday in Paris stock market. Aiming at Macron, Ms Le Pen told RTL: “Oh, it's not because of the war in Ukraine, it's not because of the explosion of inflation, it's not because of the explosion of oil, gas, electricity? “Oh, it says in the figures that it's because of the poll?" Radio host François Lenglet retorted: “Listen, the stock marketers are talking. They say what worries them. All you must do is find out.” The drop in the stock market is also related to EU sanctions against Russia, according to French economic publication Les Échos. Mr Lenglet added: “If you are elected, there will be a panic among investors who will want to leave France.” To reassure investors, Le Pen said: “The catastrophism that consists of saying if Emmanuel is not re-elected, it will be a tragedy, the sun will go out, the sea will recede, and we will suffer a frog invasion. It doesn't work anymore.” The latest polls show Le Pen has been steadily rising since mid-March while Macron has been dropping. The narrowing gap would have Macron win the first round with 27 percent of the votes and Le Pen qualify for the second round hands down with 23 percent of the vote. READ MORE: France sparks EU chaos by blocking new UK-style energy strategy – 11 states break ranks The uncertainty around the final outcome in the April 24’s run-off has Paris stock marketers shaking and investors leaving France. Ms Le Pen added: "The project I am presenting is a serious project, a project that supports businesses, very small businesses. “It is a project that gives the French their money back. It makes choices, that's for sure.” Marine Le Pen’s economic programme involves cutting taxes for families, the elderly, and the youth, fighting immigration – “which is very expensive for our country” – and reduce net France’s net contribution to the European Union. DON'T MISS:Met Office issues weather warnings for 55mph winds –London, Midlands braced for direct hit [BREAKING]State pension to rise by £700 as triple lock is BACK - now pensioners must fight for it [EXPLAINED]No you can't, mate! Brexit row as UK tourists blasted for 'shouting' at EU passport lane [REPORT]    The uncertainty around the final outcome in the April 24’s run-off has Paris stock marketers shaking and investors leaving France. “I find that we have reached an unacceptable and incomprehensible level today”, she said, referring to France’s contribution to the EU. France was the second most generous contributor to the EU budget behind Germany in 2020 with over 23 billion euros. Germany invested 28 billion euros, according to Statista. In 2021, France contributed over 28 billion euros – a jump of 5 billion euros. Ms Le Pen and Mr Macron are expected to qualify for the second round of the election, as other candidates lag far behind. Hard-left rival Jean-Luc Mélenchon, third in the polls, only reaches 16 percent of the votes. But Marine Le Pen’s steady rise in the polls throws into doubt the results of the second round where she is expected to face off Macron.