Dolly Parton, 76, has made a surprising U-turn after her request for the withdrawal of her nomination from the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. The country singer, who was one of the artists nominated this year, has now said she would “gracefully” accept the induction. She had released a statement on March 14 asking to be taken off the list of nominees. The Jolene hitmaker had been selected among a number of big industry names, including Eminem, Duran Duran and Beck. But, speaking on NPR’s radio programme Morning Edition, Dolly has now revealed the reason behind her U-turn. She explained that she had previously thought only rock musicians could be awarded the coveted honour. Dolly also confirmed she would now accept the induction if fans voted for her. When asked what she would do if she won, Dolly said: “I’ll accept gracefully and I’ll accept it because the fans vote.” She went on: “It was always my belief that the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame was for people in rock music. “I have found out lately that it’s not necessarily that. “But if they can’t go there to be recognised, where do they go? “So, I just felt like I was taking away from someone that maybe deserved it certainly more than me, because I never considered myself a rock artist.” “But obviously, there’s more to it than that,” the legendary artist concluded. Fans appeared delighted to find out Dolly had changed her mind as they took to Twitter to discuss her latest decision. DON'T MISSBoris Becker spotted with big floral bouquet hours before sentencing [INSIGHT]Rachel Riley slammed after arguing 'no one should defend Johnny Depp' [LATEST]Ann Davies dead: EastEnders and Grange Hill star dies aged 87 [NEWS] Xtitan92 said: “I feel like Dolly would accept this possible award for her fans. “She knows she doesn't need this award but she'll do it for her fans because that's the kind of person Dolly is.” Samfromthevault added: “Glad she understood the meaning of this honor and took what she deserves.” In her initial statement, Dolly said she was "extremely flattered" by her nomination, but then explained why she believed she "must respectfully bow out". She said in a tweet: “Dolly here! Even though I am extremely flattered and grateful to be nominated for the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, I don’t feel that I have earned that right. “I really do not want votes to be split because of me, so I must respectfully bow out. “I do hope that the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame will understand and be willing to consider me again – if I’m ever worthy.” Dolly was inducted into Nashville, Tennessee’s Country Music Hall of Fame back in 1999.