Fulham starlet Fabio Carvalho is set to join Liverpool in the summer after a five-year deal was agreed. Breaking into Liverpool's side will be no easy task, but the 19-year-old will have to find his role in Jurgen Klopp's set-up. Liverpool are expected to complete the signing of Fulham star Fabio Carvalho in the summer after a five-year contract was discussed following the failed January move. Carvalho's January move to Liverpool was all but done but fell through as the deadline expired before it would be completed. But now Liverpool will settle for a tribunal fee, and after a stunning goal in Fulham's 2-1 defeat to Derby on Friday, they're certainly getting a good deal. The 19-year-old will join an exciting forward line at Liverpool, and also link up with former Fulham team-mate Elliott in the process as the pair look to lead Liverpool into a new era. Here Express Sport takes a look at how Carvalho will fit into the Liverpool set-up next season. READ MORE: Man Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal  Carvalho has dazzled at Fulham for some time since coming through their academy, and his versatility is something that will have caught Jurgen Klopp's eye. The 19-year-old can play out wide, but he has also adopted a No 10 role for Fulham, meaning that he could eventually either lead to a change in system or shadow Roberto Firmino in a false-nine position. With the likes of Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane, Diogo Jota, Firmino and Luis Diaz all starring in attack, breaking into the first-team will be a tall order for Carvalho. But he is certainly one for the future, and Klopp will use him as often as possible for valuable experience. Few people thought that Elliott would be handed such a senior role this season, but the 18-year-old has become a pivotal part of Klopp's squad, even making an appearance in Liverpool's Carabao Cup final win against Chelsea. And Carvalho could perhaps do the same while finding his best role in Klopp's set-up.  READ MORE  Liverpool haven't had a natural No 10 since Philippe Coutinho left for Barcelona, but there is a case that they could revert back to their old formation in years to come. Carvalho would therefore be the centre-piece of a triangular front-three, pulling the strings just as Liverpool's Brazilian did before leaving for the Nou Camp. But the more likely option would be to push Carvalho out to the right, as that's his favoured wide position, and it's the one area of attack lacking cover. Jota and Firmino rotate the central roles, with Diaz and Mane sharing the left flank, but Salah's understudy is Takumi Minamino, and his future is uncertain. That, therefore, eludes to why Liverpool were so keen to get this move over the line, and instead of the £8.4million they were set to pay in January, they will now pay a tribunal fee of £5m plus add-ons, if the agreement remains intact. There are no suggestions as to whether Carvalho will link-up immediately with Klopp's side or be loaned elsewhere, but the fact that Fulham are on the brink of promotion may be tempting as Premier League experience can be guaranteed for a full season.  But similarly to Manchester City, Klopp likes to keep those in his plans at Anfield, learning the way and building close relationships with others, so it's likely that Carvalho will be handed Premier League introductions and domestic cup responsibilities. And according to football journalist Fabrizio Romano, it's likely that Carvalho will remain in Liverpool. Romano said on Rio Ferdinand Presents FIVE: "It’s a good deal I think for Fulham and a very interesting deal for Liverpool because they’ve signed a top talent. The plan is to keep Fabio Carvalho in the team for next season. To have him as part of the pre-season and Jurgen Klopp’s team. "They are super happy with the signing because some clubs in February were trying to hijack the move. But now everything is completed. In my opinion it’s a really, really interesting one. I really like Fabio Carvalho.  "Many players are telling me that he’s not just super talented as we can see on the pitch but also really professional and really serious. I’m sure Jurgen Klopp is the perfect manager for him." Fulham missed the chance to secure promotion back to the Premier League on Friday as Derby fought back to secure three vital points. But with five games remaining, it's surely only a matter of time. Carvalho has been a crucial part of Marco Silva's potential title-winning side, but he will swap white for red next season as he looks to establish himself as a great. And if he's as talented as Elliott, Liverpool have secured a top talent. 