The Earth is currently being blasted by a major solar storm, with experts warning of more dangers in the coming week. According to an alert from the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), the Earth is caught in the midst of a geomagnetic storm after it was hit by expulsion from the Sun. The organisation labelled the storm as G3, which it classifies as strong.  Such strong geomagnetic storms can cause disruptions in power systems, create problems for satellites and astronauts in space and major even take out navigation systems and radio communications. A geomagnetic storm occurs when there is an efficient exchange of energy from the solar wind into the space environment surrounding the Earth. The NOAA officials added that such solar storms can also bring auroras like the Northern Lights, which can now be spotted by relatively low latitudes. The organisation also warned that the storm that started yesterday has continued, and is still classified as a major storm. Dr Tamitha Skov, a space weather physicist warned that the solar storm from yesterday will continue today, and while most of it will be focused in the high altitudes, relatively lower alittiues could also see some auroras.  According to SpaceWeather.com, the current solar winds are blowing at 516.6 km/sec with a density of 7.5 protons/cm3. At the strongest level of a solar storm, classified as G5, the charged electromagnetic particles can cause electricity grids around the world to collapse, bringing down satellite navigation alongside other major electrical problems. In February, Elon Musk’s SpaceX revealed that it lost up to 40 out of 49 Starlink satellites it launched earlier, after a recent geomagnetic solar storm. SpaceX said: "These storms cause the atmosphere to warm and atmospheric density at our low deployment altitudes to increase. READ MORE: SpaceX to lose up to 40 Starlink satellites in geomagnetic storm "In fact, onboard GPS suggests the escalation speed and severity of the storm caused atmospheric drag to increase up to 50 percent higher than during previous launches." Experts have repeatedly warned that the Earth is not ready for the potential impacts that are caused when a G5 storm takes place. This particular storm was a result of a coronal mass ejection or CME which came out of the Sun a few days ago. One of the most powerful forms of solar storm, a CME occurs when the Sun belches out a cloud of charged particles and electromagnetic fluctuations. DON'T MISS: Sturgeon humiliated: Shell 'will restart Cambo oilfield' project [INSIGHT] 'I am NOT locking down' Britons defiantly stand against Covid curbs [REVEAL] 'Frankenstein-style' Omicron subvariant sparks lockdown panic in UK [REPORT] SpaceWeather.com noted that the geomagnetic storm is likely caused by the "canyon of fire" CME, which first struck the Earth's magnetic field on April 8. Dr Skov warned: “An incoming solar storm will graze Earth on the heels of fast solar wind this week on April 13! “Aurora five-day outlook shows storm conditions expected for high and mid-latitudes. “In the Solar Flare Outlook, top panels show flare activity & bottom shows the risk for radiation storms.” THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW. 