  Scottie Scheffler is an American professional golfer who is the current World Number 1 in the Official World Golf Ranking, but that doesn’t mean he hasn’t suffered his fair share of defeats. The sports star opened up about his wife Meredith’s support throughout his career in a recent post-win interview.      Scottie, 25, had just signed for his even-par 72, and after Billy Horschel missed a birdie putt on the 18th hole, a one-stroke win sufficed at the Arnold Palmer Invitational on Sunday. Speaking live on TV and about to discuss how tough a test Bay Hill had been over the past four days, Scottie was interrupted by his wife Meredith. “I’m so proud of you!” she said in the NBC interview. “Way to go, [caddie] Teddy [Scott]! I’m so proud of you!” Speaking fondly about his partner in his press conference later on, Scottie explained: “Meredith obviously knows me better than anybody, being my wife.” READ MORE: Max Verstappen’s love Kelly Piquet helped him through 'severe Otitis'      “She knows how hard it is when I don’t win. “So being able to celebrate a win is pretty special, and to have my parents here for this one is extremely cool with all the sacrifices they made growing up. “I’m just really pleased,” he concluded. Scottie and Meredith dated for six years before marrying in 2020.      The couple, who are both from Texas, are high school sweethearts. Meredith regularly attends the golf tournaments Scottie competes in to support her husband. While he has described himself as “fiercely competitive”, Scottie has confirmed rankings aren’t what motivate him. He described how his wife Meredith actually had “no idea” he was ranked the number one player in the world until he spoke to her about it ahead of the recent World Golf Championships-Dell Technologies Match Play championship final, which he won. READ MORE... Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [LATEST]  Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer [INSIGHT] The Chase's Mark Labbett bids a relieved farewell to Richard Osman [UPDATE]     He said: “I told her that because I want her to be able to experience these things with me, because she doesn't care what I'm ranked in the world, obviously.” The golf star added: “She gets to see how hard I work. “She's seen the failures I've had over time and the sadness that comes with trying to achieve something and not being able to succeed at it.” Meredith has been described as very supportive of her husband’s professional goals, even telling him that failure was not an option, Scottie told Sky Sports.     Scottie was named the PGA Tour Rookie of the Year in 2020. During that season he finished tied for fourth at the PGA Championship and shot a 12-under 59 at The Northern Trust. Since then, he has gone on to win three times in 2022 at the Waste Management Phoenix Open, Arnold Palmer Invitational, and WGC-Dell Technologies Matchplay. As the number one-ranked player, he is a favourite to win the 2022 Masters.  