The world is still reeling from the horrific revelations emanating from the small commuter town of Bucha, located around 20km from Kyiv. The town was recently liberated by Ukrainian forces, who have unearthed evidence of war crimes committed against the civilian population, including children. These include mass rapes and summary executions according to testimony from locals. Tymofiy Mylovanov, a professor at Kyiv School of Economics, feared that this could be just the tip of the iceberg and more grisly crimes committed by Putin's troops would in all probability soon come to light. He said: "The war crimes in Brovary and Chernihiv directions might be more heinous that those in Bucha. "We have eyewitness accounts through friends, relatives and students. We need help documenting them. Journalists and lawyers who can help please contact @ZoyaMylovanova." Mr Mylanov cited a number of horrific examples of acts of violence carried out by the Russians against Ukraine's civilian population. In one instance, a boy was burned alive after soldiers found a Molotov cocktail in his house. Mass rapes of women were also reported, with the victims killed afterwards. He added: "Families executed in fields who worked the fields / were planting their gardens. Eyewitness who saw the bodies." Stories of Russian war crimes have been circulating in recent weeks with increasing frequency. About two weeks ago Express.co.uk interviewed a woman fleeing from Chernihiv - a city that lies directly along the Russian invasion route from Belarus to Kyiv and has come under attack since the first days of the war. Natlaiya and her two young daughters were on their way to Wroclaw in Poland to stay with friends. READ MORE: British intelligence 'beating Russia at own game' in propaganda war She told Express.co.uk: "Russians who have gone into the villages have started to rape women. "They take all the food from the houses - they throw people out of their homes at night, take their belongings, money and do their dirty business." She added: "At the beginning, they didn't kill the villagers and now they are killing everyone - a granny on a bike was shot, they are killing people." President Zeklensky accused Moscow of genocide. He said Ukrainians did not want to be subdued by Russia and were being destroyed and exterminated as a result. In a fiery TV address, he condemned the atrocities, saying: “Hundreds of people were killed. Tortured, executed civilians. Bodies on the streets. “Murderers, torturers, rapists, looters, who call themselves the army, and who deserve only death after what they did.” DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: Poland 'open' to nuclear weapons on soil - huge fallout  [NEWS]Russia accused of ‘horrifying’ massacre of civilians by Ukraine [REVEAL]Volodymyr Zelensky introduces touching Ukraine tribute song at Grammy [SPOTLIGHT] Ukrainian prosecutors said they had found over bodies in towns near the capital Kyiv. They said some witnesses were too traumatised to speak about their ordeals and what they had seen. Simon Ostrovsky, a special correspondent at the New York Times, described some of the horrific scenes in Bucha. He tweeted: " We saw civilians’ bodies littered in the streets and dumped behind buildings. "Most with gunshot wounds to the head. Some with their hands tied behind their backs."