Kensington Palace is bigger than the average house in the UK, full of separate apartments for different royals such as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, and the Duke and Duchess of Kent. But Apartment 1A is the home of Prince William, 39, Kate Middleton, 40, and their three children Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six and Prince Louis, three. It was formerly the home of Princess Margaret and her husband, Lord Snowdon.  As well as the size and the grandeur, there is another thing that sets it apart from an ordinary house, and that is the sleeping arrangements. It is reported that Kate and William sleep on the ground floor of the property rather than upstairs. It has been revealed via the floorplan of their royal residence that they have two master bedrooms which are located on the ground floor. Most average homes tend to have the main bedrooms on the upper floors, but for the royal couple, these floors are mainly dedicated to their staff. Their entourage of employees include royal nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo who works full-time for the Cambridges, caring for their three children. Of course, royal fans have never seen inside the couple's private sleeping quarters, but they have been treated to glimpses inside other parts of their stunning abode. Kensington Palace was built in 1605 and is worth an estimated £635million today. When the couple moved into Apartment 1A, they underwent an £85,000 renovation, around £1.5million in today's money.  When the Obamas came to visit them, the Cambridges released images of the then US President and First Lady being welcomed into their regal home. Their drawing room is very typical of a standard palace, featuring floral furniture, golden accessories and plenty of antique items. Rather surprisingly, it has been reported their children's bedrooms have been decorated using IKEA furniture. In 2018, during a visit to the National Museum of Architecture and Design in Stockholm, the Duchess of Cambridge told IKEA's Head of Design, Marcus Engman, that she had chosen to fit Prince George's room with IKEA furniture.  The couple also opted to do the same for their daughter Princess Charlotte. Naturally, Marcus was overjoyed and said: "I'm proud that we can suit everybody. “That's what we want IKEA to be – for the many people of the world, both royalty and ordinary people." It is believed the couple selected the mainstream brand for its durability. Kate Middleton and Prince William married in 2011 and originally lived in Nottingham Cottage inside Kensington Palace.  Between 2013, when Prince George was born, and 2017, the family lived in Norfolk in their country residence Anmer Hall. The area was perfect for Prince William because he was a pilot in the East Anglian Air Ambulance. However, he retired from the role in 2017. The family then moved full-time back to London, and now reside mainly in Kensington Palace. This enabled the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to focus fully on their royal roles. It was also a better location for the children to begin attending school. 