Newsround recently celebrated its 50th birthday with many of the past and present hosts reflecting on their time on the CBBC show. John Craven was the first host of the show back in the 70s, where it was only meant to run for six weeks as an experiment, however, it captivated its younger audience members. Former presenter Lizo thanked John for being an "incredible" inspiration to himself and other young journalists. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press during the 50th birthday press event, the Newsround panel, which included Lizo, Hayley Hassel and Ellie Crisell, all thanked the young audiences for their successful careers. The panel were asked who they thought was the most interesting person they had interviewed during their career, to which they all agreed it was the children. Lizo explained: "You get to meet so many people who have done so many incredible things, and a lot of them aren't famous but have done something extraordinary. "So many of them who are children, so just going out to talk to them and seeing what they do is fantastic. READ MORE: Former The Apprentice star lewis ellis talks leaving the show 'Weirdes "I should also say the fanboy part of me was interviewing John Craven, [it] was incredible, it is one of my cardinal rules that when you are interviewing a celebrity, you don't ask for a selfie afterwards or anything like that. "And the only time I have broken the rules is when I have interviewed people like John who have meant so much to me and inspired my career. "So sorry about breaking the rule John, I hope you can forgive me for that." Hayley agreed and said: "I should probably say Prince William or David Cameron, but actually, the most interesting people are the kids that we meet every day. "The brilliant thing about this job is speaking to young people who have amazing ideas and amazing questions and amazing answers. "I also love going out and meeting children who have so much to say about the world, and I always think that is so much more interesting than any politician or member of the royal family." Ellie added: "I would like to give you a different answer, but I agree with Hayley, I have interviewed Tony Blair when he was Prime Minister. "Movie stars like Robin Williams, but it is the kids and also ordinary people who really surprise you with a story those are the things that are really interesting, not just the famous people." DON'T MISS...Newsround presenter John Craven celebrates 50 years [INSIGHT]Newsround's Lizo Mzimba shares most embarrassing on-air incident [LATEST]Newsround at 50: Where are the original hosts now? [WATCH] John also gave a speech during the celebrations and told audiences to "keep the flag flying" after a successful 50 years of Newsround. He said: "It is lovely to be here and with so many different faces from so many different decades of Newsround. "I had a wonderful time so far, meeting people I hadn't seen for years and bringing back so many happy memories of when we did work together. "You realise how much more you need to know about a big issue when you have to write it in a way that children understand. "So much has changed and Newsround was the very first programme to use video cameras and computers, everything that news developing was tested out on us. "The message is still the same, make the stories short and simple, make them interesting and never talk down to the audience. "Isn't it satisfying to be really enjoying yourself doing something that you feel is totally worthwhile? Keep the flag flying." Newsround airs every day from 7:45am on CBBC.