Every year some parents face the nightmare of not being offered their preferred choice of school for their child. If you are one of those who may have been disappointed instead of elated this morning, read on to find out what choices are available to you and your child. If your child has not received their first choice of school, you should join the waiting list for the schools you would like to see your child get in to. You can do this via the primary school admissions department of your local council. Be aware that you can move down as well as up on a waiting list. READ MORE: Six in 10 classrooms 'have worse air quality than UK roads' This is because the names of late applicants will be added to waiting lists in criteria order - regardless of the date they applied. It is not advisable to turn down the offers you have been given, otherwise if you fail in getting your desired school your child could be put in a school you absolutely do not want. Even if it’s not the one you have your heart set on, not accepting means that at the very least you have a place secured for your child come September because if you reject all offers given, the council is not obliged to find you an alternative. If you accept a place at a different school, this does not affect your standing on waiting lists. Another route to go down is through appealing - but this isn’t usually successful. Appeals are only successful if the council has not considered your application to a school correctly, and you must be able to prove this. For example, if the council has incorrectly calculated the distance from your home to the school, this would be a ground for an appeal. The council not taking in special circumstances such as medical needs or disabilities could also be appealed by parents. DON'T MISSEugenie & Beatrice have 'similar' approaches to motherhood [INSIGHT]Dad refuses to pay council tax so he can afford heating and food [REPORT] However, if you simply want to get into a school because of its reputation, this would not be considered admissible. You are entitled to an explanation as to why your child did not receive your first You can check the full grounds for appeal via the council you applied for primary school places with. After initial offers have been accepted or declined by parents, local councils will then re-offer any school places that may have become vacant. Admissions criteria vary by school and local authority, but according to government guidelines, priority is likely to be given to children who: