Meghan Markle has an enviable figure and while she is a keen yoga advocate, especially with her mother Doria Ragland being a qualified yoga instructor, the Duchess of Sussex also loves to run. As she has gotten older though, she has stopped running in favour of full-body workouts. Here’s how Meghan stays in shape. Before playing Rachel Zane on Suits, Meghan used to run daily. But the combination of a busy filming schedule and getting older reduced how many times she got outside. She told Best Health: “As I’ve gotten older, running has become hard on my knees, so I can’t run outside the way I used to. “I used to run all the time, but I typically get picked up for work at 4:15 in the morning on a Monday, so there isn’t much time for jogging and I would rather have that extra hour of sleep.” READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's diet to 'aid in weight loss & belly fat reduction' Speaking to Shape, Meghan then explained how beneficial she found running - not just for improving physical fitness. “I love running but I think you have to find a workout routine that really speaks to you beyond trying to get goals for your body. “For me, running, I need it as much for my head and to clear my head as I do for keeping in shape,” she said a couple of years ago. The former actress said the feeling “after a workout” is her motivation to exercise DON'T MISS...Easter travel chaos latest: Queues form at St. Pancras for Eurostar [UPDATE]Meghan drops Duchess title in Archetypes ‘to rebrand herself' - claim [EXPERT]Shoppers can save £250 a year by swapping 6 branded items [INSIDER] “My health, my state of mind, the feeling you have after a workout; all of these things drive me to step onto my mat or go to the gym,” Meghan explained. “Sometimes the idea of working out sounds absolutely dreadful, but I always remind myself of how good it will feel afterwards. Euphoric, almost!" Alongside yoga, Meghan enjoys full-body workouts. Craig McNamee, Meghan’s personal trainer of three years said: “When she gets to the gym, there’s no real complaining. She gets down to business right away and really enjoys it." Meghan and Craig devised a workout plan that focused on all areas of the body; glutes, back, hamstrings, abs, obliques and pelvic floor exercises. The Duchess’ former PT also stressed the importance of keeping the workouts adventurous and exciting. He told Women’s Health: “Our big focus with all of our sessions was to not be too repetitive and really create a dynamic workout with a lot of variety.” In terms of diet, Meghan “tries to eat as clean as possible” and “avoids” foods that make her “feel lethargic or sluggish”. “I eat mostly just fish and veggies - but I am also a foodie,” she admitted. Meghan previously said she “eats vegan during the week” and is more flexible with what she “digs into on the weekends”. She also doesn’t deprive herself of any foods, adding: “I could eat French fries all day. And I love pasta. I love carbs – who doesn’t love a carbohydrate?"