The former US President also hit out at Prince Harry and Meghan for their decision not to attend the late Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service last month, calling for them to have their titles removed. He said it was "terrible" that Harry was not present at the event, which took place in Westminster Abbey on 29 March. The service was held almost a year after Philip's death and saw around 1,800 people attend. Prince Harry and Meghan announced they would not be attending the service but did not provide a reason for their absence. Speaking with Piers Morgan about the couple's absence at the event, Mr Trump said: "Terrible...It was a terrible thing, many terrible things that might have been, as you mentioned, that, that might have been the worst of all, because he was, you know, like her. "He was a tough cookie, too. "I remember years ago, Prince Philip came to New York, and we were in the Plaza Hotel. And there were many people wanting to meet him. "And we were all taking a picture with him. "Many people and the photographers said, I’ll never forget this. He was tough. "The photographer said, please move back there were like 30 of us. "And he said, ‘No, you move back’. And that was simple. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Queen urged to strip Harry and Meghan of titles "I said, that’s pretty good. You know, this guy’s tough." He added: "I think they had a great relationship. But he was a strong guy and never forget a little moment, right? And he just said, ‘No, you move back’. "And he didn’t say it in a nice way. Because the photographer was pushing everybody around a little bit foolishly. "But I thought it was terrible when Harry didn’t go to the memorial of Prince Philip. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle ‘doing all she can’ to undermine Queen claim [REVEAL] Queen breaks cover ahead of birthday with surprise helicopter trip [PICTURES] Harry drops bombshell hint that he may RETURN to UK in major interview [INSIGHT] "Yeah, I think the Harry situation is going to unfold in a much different way." When asked by Mr Morgan whether he would strip the couple of their titles during the TalkTV interview, airing later today, Mr Trump said: "I would. The only thing I disagree with the Queen on probably one of the only things ever is that I think she should have said, if that’s your choice, fine. "But you no longer have titles, you know, and frankly, don’t come around where you’re just, because her loyalty is to the country. "She said that many times. "Her loyalty is to the country. "And I think that he has been so disrespectful to the country, and it’s a great country. "I own a lot of things there. I own a place called Turnberry and in Aberdeen I own and, I mean we have Aberdeen is beautiful the oil capital of Europe and I own things there and I love that country. "It’s incredible, in Scotland, I love Turnberry, I love what I did there. I built things there."