Liverpool have been linked with a summer move for Aurelien Tchouameni - but Jurgen Klopp has already hinted that the Reds have 'the best No 6 in the world' in Fabinho. Tchouameni has been linked with a move to Anfield this week, but Fabinho has enjoyed his must successful season in the Premier League to date. Liverpool are one of a host of clubs who have been tipped to make a move for Tchouameni, who has caught the eye for Monaco in Ligue 1 this term. However, it remains to be seen if the Reds will be tempted to spend big on a defensive midfielder in the wake of Fabinho's stunning season. The Brazilian midfielder was forced to fill in as an emergency centre-back in the 2020/2021 campaign - but Klopp believes the defensive midfielder is one of the best in his preferred midfield position. He told the BBC last March: "We have to see what solutions we can find for the next games - but number six is [Fabinho's] position. "It was our hope to keep him there for the season. He is one of the best in the world in that position, that is clear - not only defending-wise but creating as well. He is so important to us." READ MORE: Arsenal scouts to watch Tammy Abraham 'up close' as Roma set lucrative asking price  And just over a year on from Klopp's claims, the 28-year-old has gone from strength-to-strength this season. The enforcer - who coincidentally was also on Monaco's books before his Premier League switch back in 2018 - has been one of Liverpool's most consistent performers as they chase an unprecedented quadruple. The Reds star has helped Klopp's side shore up after being relieved of his temporary defensive duties and has produced a string of eye-catching performances since being nudged back into his favoured No 6 role. Fabinho has even managed to add goals to his game and his chipped in with some vital strikes this term. His seven-goal haul is by far his best return since moving to Anfield, and his tally of four league goals since the turn of the year has helped the Reds in their bid to chase down Manchester City at the summit of the Premier League. While Fabinho has enjoyed a stellar season, Tchouameni has caught the eye of a host of top European clubs with his rapid rise in France. The 22-year-old has really come of age this term for Monaco, racking up 47 appearances in all competitions. And he was even handed the ultimate endorsement by his international colleague Paul Pogba, who lauded the youngster after starring alongside him for the French national team last October. Tchouameni may well get a big summer move in the wake of his impressive progression, but it remains to be seen if Liverpool will firm up their reported interest in the Frenchman - especially as Fabinho has only just reached his prime years.