The root of the royal feud between brothers Prince William and Prince Harry is alleged to have begun when Harry married Meghan Markle, and became entrenched when the couple left the Royal Family and moved to America. Comments made by Meghan and Harry since have inflamed speculation that all is not well inside the palace walls. The brother’s feud was reportedly provoked by William’s concerns over Harry’s fast-developing relationship with Meghan ahead of their royal wedding in 2018. The Duke of Cambridge is said to have advised his brother to “slow it down” adding that it was crucial he made the “right choice” in his future partner. Royal commentator Neil Sean told his YouTube channel in February: “Now, according to a very good source, allegedly, Prince Harry got very upset at this insinuation that perhaps he wasn’t making the correct choices, and that truly was the stem of the argument.” He continued: “Prince William really feels that whatever he says, Prince Harry will take it as antagonistic, create an argument, explode. “For Prince William and for Catherine, it’s very sad because they enjoyed a very good close relationship with Prince Harry. “But according to that source, Prince Harry seemingly does not want to patch things up, kiss and make up until Prince William allegedly apologises for those comments all those years ago.” Mr Sean also said that William is avoiding any interaction with his brother in a bid to prevent the situation from worsening. So what do you think? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comments section below.   In 2019, Harry told ITV that he and his brother were “on different paths” but stressed that he loved William “dearly”. Harry and his wife Meghan Markle gave a tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey in March last year which allegedly exacerbated the rift between the brothers. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made a series of claims about their time as members of the Royal Family in the interview. Harry said William and Prince Charles were “trapped” within the Firm. He said: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that.” READ MORE: Kate and William have 'blistering rows' as Duke has 'fiery temper' and 'can be a shouter' Royal author Robert Jobson said in his book ‘William at 40: The Making of a Modern Monarch’ that Harry’s comments “infuriated” his brother and that William was left “staggered” by the allegation that he was trapped. Mr Jobson also quoted a “member of William’s circle” saying: “To say William felt deeply let down would be an understatement. “He wasn’t sure if he could ever fully trust his brother again.” So what do you think? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comments section below. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry plot PR fightback with ex-Obama aide as image battered [LIVE BLOG]Kate and Wills' kids set for 'visible' Jubilee role as George, Charlotte and Louis step up [REPORT]Sophie Wessex 'keeps cool' as 'frenzied bird' swoops at royal and sends sunglasses flying [VIDEO] Harry and Meghan chose to step down as working members of the Royal Family in 2020, opting to move their family to the US and work to become financially independent. The couple moved to Montecito, California and are raising their two children, Archie, two, and 10-month-old Lilibet. Growing up, the two brothers are said to have been incredibly close but this alleged ongoing feud has reportedly strained their relationship. Harry is due to publish a candid memoir later this year and there has been much speculation over what will be included in the book. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams said on the To Di For Daily podcast last month that he sees “no rift being healed”. He said: “In my view, both brothers were inseparable. “And there’s no doubt that one of the tragedies is that they’ve taken very, very different roads. “And I see no, no rift being healed, unfortunately, because what you’re looking at now is a memoir that Harry is writing that’s coming out in the autumn now. “The problem is what is going to be in that book.” So what do you think? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comments section below.