Camilla looked beautiful in a tailored white long coat as she travelled to the BBC studios in Elstree, Hertfordshire. The Duchess and Prince Charles both greeted several of the stars from the popular soap opera EastEnders on Thursday. Camilla stunned in a sleek white coat that looked elegant and crisp on the Duchess.  It appeared to have beautiful applique detailing on the front, as the coat was adorned with several little buttons. The little buttons appeared all over Camilla’s shoulders, and in horizontal stripes across the front of the coat. Underneath, the Duchess could be seen wearing an elegant white polka-dot dress with silver, gold and grey circles. Camilla wore this exact outfit when visiting the Cheltenham racecourse in 2019, so was a total repeat wear for the Duchess.  She wore her statement pair of black gloves along with her favourite black pair of boots for the occasion. Given the fact it was snowing in many parts of the country, Camilla wrapped up warm with a white silk scarf. The Duchess was also wearing one of her favourite pairs of pearl earrings. These earrings came with a matching five-strand pearl necklace that Prince Charles purchased for Camilla in 2000.  They feature a pierced round pearl pendant hanging from a detailed silver-toned disk. It appears there is a stone in the top portion of the earrings for an elegant touch. They remain covered by the Duchess' signature hairstyle. These earrings are always identifiable due to the round pearls which peek out from below her hair.  These are currently her everyday earrings, worn to most engagements. However, they are worn to some evening events too. They were her pick for her civil wedding to the Prince of Wales on April 9, 2005. For Thursday’s visit to the EastEnders set, the Duchess wore minimal makeup and styled her hair in its usual ear-length style.  Camilla could be seen meeting stars from the show such as Maddy Hill, Danny Dyer and Rose Ayling-Ellis during a visit to the set. She also greeted Steve McFadden, who portrays Phil Mitchell in the iconic soap, who appeared to enjoy the Duchess’ company. Prince Charles as well could be seen giggling away with Letitia Dean, who plays Sharon Mitchell in EastEnders. The new EastEnders set was unveiled a few weeks ago, after the original set from 1985 was becoming in desperate need of repairing. 