Rhiannon Johns, interior designer and brand manager at bedding company, Piglet in Bed has shared exclusively with Express.co.uk how to design a bedroom like an interior designer. Rhiannon also shared which interior trends are currently popular. One bedroom style that she said is popular at the moment is known as “eclectic but vintage”. The interior pro said going for this look gives people the chance to “unleash their creativity”. She said: “Large area rugs, patterned wallpaper, lots of wall art and vintage gems are key to recreating this style. “This trend for not holding back in bedroom designs can also be seen in the trend for being eclectic with your bedding.” Another trend that has become more popular is “cottagecore”. READ MORE: Pink Floyd's David Gilmour lives in Sussex' 2nd most expensive village  The trend is an aesthetic which reflects an idealised rural lifestyle which triumphs traditionalism in fashion and interior design. The trend is also similar to grandmacore, farmcore and goblincore. Rhiannon said: “This year #cottagecore has a more contemporary influence; think ‘modern pastoral’ over shabby chic. “Twenty twenty-one was all about dark green.  DON'T MISSKill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water [INSIGHT]Weeding: How to create an ‘affordable’ weed killer in seconds [UPDATE]Potatoes: ‘Important tip’ when choosing a potato variety to grow [ANALYSIS] “This year we’re still seeing a huge trend for green in interiors, but with the world feeling a bit more optimistic than it has the past few years, we’re seeing the colour of the moment transition to a lighter sage.” The interior expert said “samples” are key to designing a bedroom like an interior designer. She recommended collecting them as you go along will ensure homeowners make the right decision in the long-run. “Try to take your time and let yourself sit on them for a while,” she added. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “One day you might be feeling a certain fabric but then have totally changed your mind a few weeks later. “You might have seen a design that you like on Pinterest but then after giving it some thought realise that it’s not practical for your lifestyle. “Giving yourself a bit of breathing space should hopefully mean you end up with a bedroom that you don’t find yourself needing to change in a year’s time.” Rhiannon also urged homeowners to create a mood board and “have fun with it”.  She also said homeowners should try not to get “distracted” by what they see online. Sometimes the influence of social media or other sites can push people towards making decisions that don’t necessarily reflect their own taste. The interior designer said designing a bedroom should be “personal” and “unique” to each individual. “Designing your bedroom should be totally personal and unique to you.”