Danni Menzies, 33, announced last month that she was quitting A Place In The Sun after hosting the property show for six years. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Danni admitted that struggling to hold down a relationship played a part in her decision to leave. Danni said that her relationship woes were something that she “took into account” because "it wasn't even about balance, it was about even managing to start a relationship. “It's really hard to start a relationship when you are packing your bags every few weeks. “So, it definitely was a consideration, but it also felt like the right time.” Danni also said that Covid was a factor in her decision to leave because it gave “everyone a lot of time to reflect”. READ MORE:Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show She concludes: “I had a really amazing time in the six years I did A Place In The Sun. “I met loads of fabulous people, there was lots of laughter, lots of tears. But when it came down to it, it just felt like the right time for me to make a change.” Despite stepping down as one of the show’s main presenters, Danni revealed it won’t be the last viewers see of her. She teased: “I'm still in touch with most of the other presenters and I think, although I haven't signed a contract to film anymore, I have already had them call me to see if I can cover for someone when they weren't well with Covid. “So, although I'm done, I will be in touch with them and I will jump in and cover shows when needed in the future.” It comes after Danni revealed she split from her boyfriend last week, describing their separation as “s***”. However, she maintains that she and her ex did “the right thing” by parting ways. The Scot told The Sun: “I actually broke up with someone yesterday – it was s***. DON'T MISSNaga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress[LATEST]Mark Labbett announces new show after he's axed from The Chase US[NEWS]Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row[INSIGHT] “I think it was the right thing. Men are intimidated by me, I don’t know why, I'm really nice.” Despite the relationship ending, Danni has been throwing herself into new projects which have been keeping her busy. She has just wrapped filming a new show with Formula Woman in Sweden. The competition will see 16 female drivers compete for the chance to become the next best female racing driver. The final four girls have now been chosen and they will go on to drive McLaren at the British Grand Prix. Danni told Express.co.uk that working with the show has been “amazing”. She said: “It has been a really fun thing to work on... I love the fact that women from any age or background can enter this when they wouldn't otherwise get the opportunity to see if they can make it.” The show’s official release date is yet to be confirmed.