Emma Raducanu has shared her motivation ahead of her professional clay-court debut in Stuttgart. The world No 12 will be competing in the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix next week, her first time playing a tour-level event on the surface and was excited by the prospect of playing for the chance to earn more victories over top players. Raducanu will be back in action next week for the first time since losing her Miami Open debut match from a set and a break up. The 19-year-old has been troubled by injuries and niggles so far this season but has her sights set on a new challenge in the clay season, motivated by the chance to improve her game with little experience on the surface. It will be a tough first clay event for the world No 12, with nine of the world’s top ten descending on the WTA 500 tournament in Stuttgart but Raducanu is relishing the challenge to build on her unprecedented US Open run from last summer and scalp some more top players. ‟It will be challenging but I have already won matches against some of these players in my short experience on tour,” she said of the strong field. “It would be very motivating to add to my wins against the best players in the world, especially on clay where I have little experience as there aren’t really any clay courts in the UK. This clay season with the French Open as the highlight will be an interesting challenge, but one I am looking forward to.” JUST IN: Nadal to skip Barcelona with injury throwing French Open into doubt   While Raducanu was motivated by getting some wins over her fellow top players, she also admitted the chance to build on her game was also a big driving force in the upcoming clay swing ‟I think new challenges will always present themselves and you’ll always be resetting goals,” the US Open champion continued. “Personally I’m very focused on the improvements I can make in my game and that motivates me a lot.” The 19-year-old echoed her recent sentiment, as she previously admitted she would accept losing in the first round every week as long as she was still continuing to develop as a player. DON'T MISSAlcaraz gunning for Djokovic as Spaniard talks up Monte Carlo clashStiller explains awkward Kyrgios moment as fans thought it was 'beef'Alcaraz backed to dominate over Djokovic and Nadal for three reasons   Speaking ahead of the Miami Open last month, Raducanu said: “Since the US Open, my perspective has completely changed. Right now all I care about is getting through the season in one piece. I kind of like the challenge. “Before I didn't, but now I feel like because I have been losing early every week, I don't really care because I'm, like, I kind of like the challenge of being knocked down and feeling horrible obviously after a loss, sort of trying to climb back up there, get yourself back up there for the next match. Yeah, it's some sort of process. Now all I want to do is just complete my first season on the tour in one piece. Doesn't matter if I lose first round every week, just that's the goal." 