Game show Bradley Walsh was joined by Josh, Forida, Damian and Rosie in the most recent instalment of The Chase. Despite only two contestants making it back for the final Chase, the pair secured an impressive £15,000. The failing contestants still had impressive cash builders, and Paul 'The Sinnerman' Sinha dubbed Bradley's team as 'favourites to win'. Presenter Bradley thought he was on to a winning team when all four of his contestants had promising cash builders. Josh and Forida bagged respectable amounts of £6,000 and £5,000 in their cash builders, but both failed to escape The Sinnerman in their head-to-head pursuits. Damian made it back with £7,000, and Rosie joined him shortly after and brought her £8,000 with her. However, it didn't take fans long to share their thoughts on just how hard the questions were for the hopefuls. Read More: Where is Anne Darwin now? What happened to her? Fan Johnny Mac tweeted: "Both Josh and Forida's questions have been horrifyingly difficult - is this #TheChase or University Challenge?" @MissyMichW added: "Feel a bit sorry for these on #TheChase today. Some questions them!" (sic) @christazzRL felt very strongly about the contender's questions and said: "That has to be the biggest set of bulls**t questions I've ever seen. Absolutely rigged! #TheChase." Patrick Cahill chimed in: "Those questions were f**kin brutal !!!!!!!! #thechase." (sic) Some viewers felt differently, stating that the questions weren't too bad and that people should stop complaining. @RikLivetweet described: "Why are so many people saying the questions are difficult on #TheChase tonight? Seem like the normal mix to me." (sic) Wayne Ellis simply said: "How easy were those questions?! #thechase." Quizzer Paul even applauded the team for their general knowledge skills and shared some advice with Josh just before he left the show. DON’T MISS…Lorraine skewers Starmer over calls for Johnson to resign 'What are Labour doing?' [LATEST]Ukraine general forced to sit out war freed 'Shamefully, Germany had him banged up!' [LATEST]Where is John Darwin now? What happened to Canoe Man? [LATEST]  Consoling the "unlucky" contestant, he said: "You are really good, keep quizzing, it was just unlucky" With £15,000 in their jackpot, Damian and Rosie stepped up to face the Chaser one final time. Before they took their final questions, Paul told Bradley that his team could be "favourites" to win based on their previous track record. Gradually slowing in speed as the final chase continued, the pair secured £15,000 and had a two-place head start duo to them, making it to the end.  The Sinnerman progressed quickly, answering correct question after correct question, and despite two attempts at pushbacks, one executed, the Chaser caught the pair with 30 seconds left on the clock. Bradley believed that if they had a "full team", they would have come out victorious. Praising them one final time, Paul commented on how they were "great players", but 17 was an underscore based on their skills. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.