 Ministers are set to announce consultation on a range of safety measures that would reduce the engine power of the vehicle and set off alarms if drivers exceed the speed limit. The measures would be introduced for safety reasons, but are likely to be backed by environmental campaigners pushing for lower speeds to reduce emissions.  It is believed this is the latest potential driving law to crack down on speeding, with police forces increasingly enforcing speed limits of 60mph on stretches of motorways. On Friday night, Tory MPs suggested the “Big Brother in your cockpit” proposals were further evidence of an “anti-driver campaign”. Craig Mackinlay, the Conservative chairman of the Fair Fuel UK Motorists and Hauliers all-party parliamentary group, said: “This will completely destroy the luxury car market, and I think there are so many aspects of the anti-driver campaign now that are coming to the fore. “This is just more Big Brother in your cockpit. We’ll see more of this if we go up the route of road pricing. READ MORE: EU speed limiters putting UK drivers off from buying a new car  “I don’t think people have thought of the freedom aspects of all of this. It just sounds very unconservative,” he told the Telegraph. The speed limiters would come in the form of intelligent speed assistance (ISA) technology, which uses GPS tracking and cameras to monitor the speed of the vehicle and the local limits. Manufacturers and lawmakers are still debating how the ISA technology will present itself to the driver, from an alarm system similar to seatbelt alerts to mechanisms that reduce engine power or push back on the pedal when motorists exceed the speed limit. Drivers will be able to override the system, but the technology will reactivate every time the car is started. DON'T MISSEU speed limiters will make drivers 'complacent' with more accidents [WARNING]Drivers vent their anger at EV owners who don’t have chargers [COMMENT]Driver slams 'hefty' £100 fine for flicking cigarette out of window [SHOCKING]  Experts have warned that the system can occasionally fail when there are temporary speed restrictions or unclear road signs. It is feared this could lead to drivers speeding unintentionally if they are relying on the inbuilt speed limiting technology. Some car manufacturers like Citroen, Ford and Jaguar have already started to include the technology in some of its cars. Greg Smith, a Tory member of the Commons transport select committee, warned that enshrining speed limiter requirements into law would be “totally unnecessary”.  He added: “We’ve got a well-established system of people taking their driving test, understanding the law, proving they can drive properly and then being trusted to do so, with harsh penalties if they don’t. “Anything that then seeks to layer in more distrust of the state of its citizens to be able to do what is sensible, legal and practical is just unnecessary nannying.”  The European Commission has reached a provisional agreement that all new vehicles sold in Europe will be fitted with a speed limiter as a legal requirement from July 6, 2022. The 2019/2044 regulation also mandates all new cars that have already launched be fitted with speed limiting technology by July 7, 2024.   Even though the UK has left the European Union, many manufacturing laws have been introduced for the sake of ease when importing and exporting vehicles. The UK’s Vehicle Certification Agency had previously said it intends to mirror EU rules on vehicle safety standards after Brexit. Edmund King, president of the AA, warned that chaos would be present if the speed limits on the roads were changed and the system was not updated. He said: “The speed limits have to be totally accurate because the car is reacting to the speed limit. “If you’ve got the wrong speed limit in the digital system, it might slow you to the wrong speed or allow you to speed to the wrong speed.” While the Department for Transport said no decisions had been made on which safety regulations would be introduced in the UK, many safety experts said a divergence from the rules would be disastrous for manufacturers. A DfT spokesperson said: “The UK’s departure from the EU provides us with the platform to capitalise on our regulatory freedoms. “We’re currently considering the vehicle safety provisions included in the EU’s General Safety Regulation and will implement requirements that are appropriate for Great Britain and improve road safety.”