Toto Wolff remains fully committed to turning things around at Mercedes, but admits he is ready to step aside if his motivation waned. The 2022 season has been Mercedes' most testing year since they returned to F1 in 2010. The early years at Mercedes were about re-establishing themselves back in the sport but Lewis Hamilton's arrival in 2013 along with the introduction of the hybrid era led to a period of domination. Mercedes went on to win eight consecutive Constructors' Championships, but new regulations this year have not gone their way. Both Red Bull and Ferrari are already far ahead of the Silver Arrows in getting the right package out on track while the likes of McLaren, Haas and Alpine have also been challenging Mercedes. The Emilia Romagna Grand Prix was the latest proof of Mercedes' woes with Hamilton finishing down in 13th. George Russell continued his consistent results with an impressive fourth, but they still remain nowhere near competing for race wins. Wolff has been regularly questioned whether the team plan to stick with the current design, or scrap it and start again. JUST IN: FIA ruined Imola drama with dubious delay that hurt Lewis Hamilton  And his own future as team principal at Mercedes has also been questioned and whether he still has the motivation to turn things around. He said: "It was to be expected that after so many years the day would come when these questions would arise. The 'coach question' will not be long in coming, but my shoulders are broad enough for that." That motivation is clearly as strong as ever to get things right at Mercedes this year. But Wolff has admitted that he will know when the time is right to step aside for somebody new to take his position. "I would be the first to admit it and hand the stick to someone who could run faster," Wolff added. DON'T MISS  The team have a few weeks to restock and prepare for the inaugural Miami Grand Prix. They still sit third in the Constructors' Championship, but that's largely down to Russell's consistent performances. Hamilton is already 19 points behind his team-mate, sitting seventh in the Drivers' Championship. And the seven-time world champion feels his chances of winning an eighth title are already over despite 19 more race weekends to come. "A weekend to forget for sure," he said. "I'm out of the championship for sure. "There's no question about that. But I'll still keep working hard as I can and try to somehow pull it back together."