 Prince Charles has in recent months stepped in for the Queen due to ongoing health concerns. He recently carried out the traditional Maundy Thursday service on behalf of Her Majesty, who had not missed the ceremony for 50 years. And Charles’ responsibilities will only increase as the Queen becomes more selective about public appearances.  As he acts on behalf of the monarch more often, it is becoming clearer as to what the Prince of Wales’ kingship will look like. One royal expert believes that the prince will do one thing in particular differently than the Queen, potentially setting up for “trouble ahead”. Howard Hodgson, a royal biographer, told Express.co.uk: “I think the Queen let the ‘men in suits’ — or ‘men in grey suits’ as Princess Diana called them — talk her out of things once she had actually promised them. “For instance, she promised Princess Margaret she could marry Captain Peter Townsend and then changed her mind because her officials told her she must.  “Charles is much less likely to be talked out of things than the Queen, so there could be trouble ahead when it comes to that.” The Prince of Wales has been known to speak his mind on politics and current affairs, a clear break with the tight-lipped tradition of impartiality his mother has upheld. Most recently, Charles openly condemned Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, describing the invasion as a "brutal aggression". He compared the conflict in Ukraine to the murder of Sir David Amess, stating that the late MP had stood for democracy and freedom.  This was an unprecedented move as royals very rarely opine on politics. Mr Hodgson claimed that Charles has considered how his behaviour will change once he takes the throne. He said: “Prince Charles said to me once: ‘If people think that I am so stupid, as that I think I can behave the same as king as I do as the Prince of Wales, then they must think that I am silly. “‘Of course I know that I can’t make pronouncements about this, that and the other, otherwise I will bring the monarchy into disrepute with parliament.’”  However, the royal expert did question whether the prince will be able to stick to this. He said: “Whether he can keep to that because he is very wilful — he is very strong-minded about things. “And whether he can keep his mouth shut in the way that the Queen did — I don’t know.” The Queen celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this year — a monumental milestone that no other British monarch has reached. Her historic reign will be marked over a four-day weekend from June 2-5. Charles has been tipped to take centre stage at a key event during the celebrations. The heir is expected to deliver a speech during the Platinum Party taking place at Buckingham Palace on June 4. He will reportedly show his gratitude for his mother for her life-long service to the Crown and country.   The party is a concert featuring an array of artists, a live full orchestra and entertainers from around the world. Charles delivered a similar speech in 2002 and 2012 to mark the Queen's Golden and Diamond Jubilees respectively. On both occasions, he started his speech by addressing the monarch directly saying: "Your Majesty... Mummy." This year the Prince of Wales is likely to attend almost every event planned to take place during the long bank holiday weekend.  And, he is set to represent the sovereign where appropriate if she is unable to attend.