Newcastle have been handed the green light to sign 19-year-old Reims forward Hugo Ekitike, who came close to joining the Magpies at the eleventh hour on transfer deadline day in January. The St James' Park hierarchy believed they had a deal in place for the highly-rated teen before the Ligue 1 side dug their heels into the ground over the structure of the payments. French sources would later deny talk that a bid had been accepted, while the player was not entirely convinced by the timing of the move. However, that could now change after Reims president Jean-Pierre Caillot declared he expects the club's star boy to leave this summer. Caillot said: “In Hugo’s case, he would waste time staying with us. "We refused an offer of €35 million (£29m) this winter, which is a lot of money for a club like ours. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'in love' with Darwin Nunez and 'personally requests' Man Utd transfer deal  "That money will be used to grow and improve the club. Hugo will be allowed to go, and he’s probably going to leave. "There wasn’t a big club that didn’t inquire for him." Newcastle remain interested in a deal for the French frontman, who has netted nine times in 21 outings in Ligue 1 this season. The Magpies are not the only Premier League club interested in a deal, though. READ MOREJurgen Klopp claims Anthony Gordon 'lucky' not to get sent off in Liverpool win vs EvertonErik ten Hag opens up on 'difficulty' in first interview as Manchester United bossChelsea's Jorginho labelled 'pathetic' for penalty that 'bounced twice before goalkeeper' West Ham and Wolves have also been tracking his performances closely and both are prioritising attacking reinforcements at the end of the season. The Hammers held extensive talks with Reims over Ekitike in January but unlike Newcastle, they did not make any formal bid. David Moyes still has his eye on Benfica's Darwin Nunez but he may now be out of West Ham's reach due to his £67m price tag that continues to soar. Fulham, who have now sealed their return to the top-flight, have also been casting an eye over Ekitike. Newcastle's opening offer was said to contain 'unrealistic' add-ons, according to Reims chief Caillot. He previously declared in January: “They offered us €35million (£29m) in total but with many bonuses, some of which were almost impossible to achieve. Like winning the Champions League. "We want €30m fixed and an extra €10m in achievable bonuses." Despite increasing interest in Ekitike, Reims' demands regarding a potential fee are not believed to have changed since the winter window.