Glen Hoddle believes that Romelu Lukaku is still being haunted by his controversial interview as Chelsea's club-record signing looks set to start Blues crunch Champions League clash with Real Madrid on the bench. Hoddle also claimed that Lukaku needs to be "leaner" if he is going to salvage his second spell at Stamford Bridge ahead of Wednesday night's quarter-final tie. Lukaku has so far struggled to recapture the form that fired Inter Milan to the Scudetto last year and convinced Chelsea to shell out a whopping £97.5million to bring him back to the Premier League. The Belgian striker has only managed to net five league goals in 20 games and has recently been relegated to the bench by Thomas Tuchel, who has handed the central striking berth to Kai Havertz. Havertz looks set to get the nod ahead of Lukaku again on Wednesday night when the Blues continue the defence of their European crown against Real Madrid. And the fact that Tuchel sees fit to leave out the club's record signing for their biggest game of the season speaks volumes about how Lukaku's homecoming has gone. As well as his shortcomings on the pitch, the 28-year-old has also been plagued by issues off it. He made headlines for all the wrong reasons with a controversial interview back in December, where he took aim at Tuchel's tactics and tried to open the door for a return to Inter Milan. READ MORE: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic And the former Manchester United ace has also been sidelined with injury. He was out of action for a month back in October after an ankle injury he picked up against Malmo curtailed his red-hot start to the season, where he'd bagged four goals in as many games. But in the wake of his recent lack of action, Hoddle believes that Lukaku only has himself to blame. And the former England and Tottenham boss has pinpointed a couple of potential reasons for the striker's struggles, including his gym work and the hangover of that scathing interview. Hoddle told The Daily Mail: "The missing piece is nothing to do with Tuchel, it’s nothing to do with how Chelsea play. He's got to look himself in the mirror. He’s got to look himself in the mirror and say I’ve got to get the best out of myself. He is no way near the player he was since he had that interview. Since he had that injury. DON'T MISS...Rangnick 'has limited say' as Man Utd mull over Ten Hag or PochettinoMan City performed 'chess move' to coerce Man Utd into signing RonaloGoater names two next Man City boss options that would annoy Arsenal "I don’t know if he is fit enough. He doesn’t look really lean and fit to me. Maybe he’s worked on the wrong things. He may have worked hard but he may have worked on the wrong things. He might have done too much gym work for instance, but I don’t know. I am not privy to that. "He comes on [to the pitch] and he doesn’t look like a player that is going affect the game to me. Your substitutes, when you put them on, you want them to affect the game. You want them to have an impact on the game in a positive way. He doesn’t quite look that way at the moment. He's a bit like, if the ball comes or if someone puts it on my head or if someone gives me a chance I’ll score. "But he is not working hard enough to create space or get on the end of things. He’s got to look at himself in the mirror."