The devastating pictures, released by satellite image provider Maxar Technologies, show long lines of graves near an existing cemetery in the town of Manhush. The graves were dug late last month with more dug in recent weeks, according to Maxar. It is believed the images show up to 200 fresh graves in the town 10 miles outside the besieged city of Mariupol. Maxar representatives said in an emailed statement, referring to the Manhush mass grave: "According to recent media reports, Russian soldiers have been taking the bodies of people killed in Mariupol to this location. "A review of our satellite images from mid-March through mid-April indicates that the expansion of the new set of graves began between March 23-26, 2022, and has continued to expand over the past couple of weeks. "The graves are aligned in four sections of linear rows (measuring approximately 85 meters [260 feet] per section) and contain more than 200 new graves." Mariupol Mayor Vadym Boychenko has accused Russia of "hiding their military crimes" by taking the bodies of civilians from the under-fire city and burying them in nearby Manhush. On Thursday, the Mariupol City Council warned in a post on the Telegram messaging app that the graves could hold as many as 9,000 dead people. Piotr Andryushchenko, an aide to Mr Boychenko, said on Telegram: "The bodies of the dead were being brought by the truckload and actually simply being dumped in mounds. Nearly a month ago, mass graves filled with hundreds of civilians were found in Bucha. The mass graves were also found in several other towns near Kyiv after Russian forces ramped up their aggression.. READ MORE: Boris confronted in angry ITV question over Russia Terrified locals have been desperately fleeing from Mariupol through the city of Zaporizhzhia in southeaster Ukraine Polina Lulac, who recently escaped, said: "What was happening there was so horrible that you can't describe it. "Mariupol is gone. In the courtyards there are just graves and crosses.” On Wednesday, Ukraine had proposed talks with Russia over evacuating troops and civilians from Mariupol after a surrender-or-die ultimatum expired. DON'T MISSPutin facing disaster as 'Google of Russia' PULLS out of country [REPORT]POLL: Should UK encourage Sweden and Finland to join NATO? [POLL]Putin humiliated as Russian spy snipes Kremlin over Donbas [LATEST] It left several trapped at a steel plant, which is seen as the final main stronghold of Ukrainian resistance. President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said an estimated 1,000 civilians were sheltering at the location. Negotiator Mykhailo Podolyak had tweeted Ukraine is prepared for a "special round of negotiations" with no conditions "to save our guys, (the far right) Azov (battalion), military, civilians, children, the living and the wounded".  David Arakhamia, another negotiator, said in an online post that he and fellow negotiator Mr Podolyak were in frequent contact with Ukrainian forces in Mariupol. He said: "Today, in a conversation with the city defenders, a proposal was put forward to hold direct negotiations, on site, on the evacuation of our military garrison. "For our part, we are ready to arrive for such negotiations at any time as soon as we receive confirmation from the Russian side." 