The eldest son of Prince Charles and Princess Diana has undergone a massive change over the years and the Duke of Cambridge will celebrate his milestone birthday on June 21, just a few months after his wife Kate Middleton. Mr Jobson laid bare what William was like as a child, before taking on royal duties as second in line to the throne.  The royal editor wrote in the Daily Mail: “As a royal author and reporter for more than 30 years, I’ve met William many times. “I’ve watched him develop from a slightly awkward young man into one who’s decisive and self-confident. “The first thing to be said is that there’s little doubt that William will be a very different sort of monarch from his father or grandmother. “He changed his son George’s first nappy, still plays five-a-side football (in Aston Villa socks) and believes it would be ‘absolutely fine’ if one of his children told him they were gay.  He added: “The sight of the floppy-haired teenager walking so solemnly behind his mother’s coffin is one that few will ever forget.”   “Year by year, the personality of this very modern Prince is slowly emerging. Even so, he remains an intensely private man who guards most aspects of his personal life jealously.” Mr Jobson explained how William has inherited some qualities from his father. He writes: “Like many of his generation, William is passionately concerned about climate change and about those far less fortunate than himself. “Once he inherits the vast Duchy of Cornwall from his father, he says, he’ll look into using Royal property to house the homeless.”  READ MORE: US interview shows Harry's huge 'resentment' towards William According to one aide to Mr Jobson: “The Duke of Cambridge has done a brilliant job, injecting hope into the debate over climate change, instead of always saying we’re at the cliff edge. “His initiative [the Earthshot Prize competition] is about finding ways to stop and slow the damage. The Prince of Wales, while passionate, offers a doomsday scenario.” Mr Jobson further moves on and talks about William’s temper. He said: “In private, the Duke of Cambridge has a notably short fuse. “His fiery temper can blow up at any time – usually when he’s frustrated or when it comes to issues regarding his family. DON'T MISS:Emmaneul Macron aims to beat far-right challenger Marine Le PenMan locks smart meter in cupboard Boris should stay as PM and be punished for ‘right reasons'  “Even senior members of his circle will ‘check which way the wind is blowing’ before becoming too self-assured in his presence or raising problematic issues that might be better addressed at another time. “Other insiders confide that William can be an emotional character who is, on occasion, ‘difficult to handle’.” Catherine has certainly helped him mature, and her middle-class roots have helped keep him grounded, explained Mr Jobson. He said: “When they lived together for three years before their marriage, for instance, she did all the cooking and employed no domestic help. Even now, she shares the morning school run with William. “It’s also largely down to Catherine that William has changed his view of the media, accepting that the Royal Family rely on it for their existence. “That’s why the birthdays of their children are marked with photos – frequently taken by the Duchess of Cambridge herself – and they’re often photographed at public events. “As the couple approach their 11th wedding anniversary next Friday, friends say the key to the marriage’s success is that it’s an equal partnership – even if that involves the occasional blistering row.” 