Following changes to car tax on Friday, April 1, many drivers have seen their Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) payments increase, based on the emissions output of their car. Matthew Walters, Head of Consultancy Services and Customer Value at LeasePlan UK, called on the Chancellor to inform drivers on the future of taxation. He said: “Previously, Rishi Sunak had a good record on warning businesses and motorists of upcoming Company Car Tax rates. “However, that record is starting to tarnish. “The rates for 2025-26 and beyond still haven’t been confirmed – meaning that fleets entering into three- or four-year contracts today are unable to plan properly for the future.” Benefit-in-Kind (BiK) is a tax on employees who use a company car for private use. READ MORE: Smartphone app that allows the public to shop speeding drivers Anyone who does this will need to pay a BiK contribution or company car tax. From this week, this tax is set to rise from one percent to two percent for fully electric vehicles. After this upcoming tax year, the BiK rate will remain at two percent until 2025, although many, including Mr Walters, believe more could be done. Some called on Rishi Sunak to extend the existing two percent BiK rate until 2030 to help more drivers and businesses make the switch. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis gives desperate drivers fuel saving tips [INSIGHT]How much your car tax has gone up [WARNING]Highway Code rule may help drivers save £150 a year on fuel costs [HELPFUL] Estimates show that a BiK freeze at two percent until the end of the decade would see around two million drivers change their vehicle to electric. The BiK tax is usually much higher for petrol and diesel cars, resulting in more employers and employees choosing to offer and take up electric vehicles. BiK rates for other vehicles are also set to increase by one percent, although any cars which release more than 165 grams of CO2 per kilometre see their tax rates staying at the same level of 37 percent. Many other drivers also called on the Government to provide some clarity on other car tax plans. There have been a number of motoring organisations, as well as the Transport Select Committee, who have suggested that a pay-per-mile format could result in a “fairer system”. Speaking at the time of the Spring Statement, Matthew Walters commented: “Today, the Chancellor published a Tax Plan for the rest of this Parliament. “However, it’s a slight document that doesn’t address one of our concerns from after last year’s Autumn Budget. “So many other tax reviews and consultations – into VED for cars, into VED for vans, into a ZEV mandate, and more – have not yet led to any confirmed legislative action, even though some were originally announced years ago. “If some of these ideas have been dropped, then the Chancellor should tell us so. “If not, then he should confirm the details as soon as possible. “The fleet industry needs as much information as possible in order to fully prepare for the future.” As part of plans to reduce emissions in the UK, the Government is set to ban the sales of new petrol and diesel vehicles from 2030, with a similar ban affecting hybrids expected in 2035.