Erik ten Hag is wasting no time in getting his transfer ideas over the Manchester United officials with reports claiming Steven Bergwijn is top of his wishlist. No official announcement has been made by United yet, but it looks increasingly likely that Ten Hag will be confirmed as the club's new manager very soon. A verbal agreement is said to have been made and Ten Hag's appointment could be made before the end of the season. And with the transfer window set to be of huge significance to United this summer, Ten Hag has reportedly set his sights on who he would want to bring in. According to the Daily Mail, Ten Hag is keen on pushing United officials to make an approach for Bergwijn. The Holland international has struggled for regular minutes under Antonio Conte, particularly since the arrival of Dejan Kulusevski. Bergwijn joined Tottenham in January 2020 as one of Jose Mourinho's first signings as Spurs boss. He had helped PSV win three Eredivisie titles in his time at the club before being snapped up by Tottenham. JUST IN: Frank Lampard urged to play 'Barcelona-type football' at Everton  The winger made an immediate impact on his arrival, scoring on his debut against Manchester City as well as the opening goal in a 1-1 draw with Manchester United. His role diminished last season though with just 13 starts in the Premier League and he's played even less minutes under Conte. And it appears as though Ten Hag is keen to bring Bergwijn with him when he takes over at United in the summer. The report claims that Ten Hag has made attempts to sign Bergwijn in the last three transfer windows, but Ajax were unable to match his wage demands. DON'T MISS  Tottenham also blocked Bergwijn heading out on loan this past January, but Ten Hag may get his chance to link up with the winger this summer. It is said that Bergwijn would be available for around £20million, which could see Tottenham take a £7m hit on their initial investment. Ten Hag was also spotted watching on during the international break when Bergwijn netted three times against Denmark and Germany last month. Bergwijn has the ability to play on either wing, but would face strong competition for a starting place at Old Trafford. Jadon Sancho is almost certain to start every game with Cristiano Ronaldo likely to remain the club's No 1 striker through the middle. Marcus Rashford has occupied the other flank, but Anthony Elanga's emergence this season will also put him in contention for more minutes next season while Amad will return from his loan spell at Rangers. 