It came in the form of an email from a man called James, who wrote to me off the back of anonymous rumours in the papers that I was defecting to the Labour Party. I’m absolutely not defecting, for the record, but this isn’t the first time I’ve received abuse off the back of newspaper articles citing anonymous sources. I’m certainly not the only female MP to experience this, as we saw over the weekend with the shoddy hatchet job on Angela Rayner, which has been called out by women and men alike across all sides of the political divide. Let’s examine the real story that was printed: “Woman wears skirt, and bloke too scared to name himself assumes it’s a distraction technique because he himself can’t see a pair of bare, female legs without sweating”. How about, instead: “Accomplished woman wears skirt because she wanted to wear skirt, and now let’s discuss what she actually said at the Despatch Box”. As a female MP, I get comments every day about my appearance, my tone of voice, my intelligence. A bloke goes on telly to give an interview about the policy of the day and he’s “communicating”. I do the same and I must be “attention seeking”. I’ve been called a bitch, told to get back to the kitchen where I belong, and publicly asked personal questions about my love life. I’m not saying blokes in politics don’t get abuse. Of course they do, and all of it needs to be called out. But, from my experiences, the tone of abuse we women get is always about more than just our latest policy positions or voting record. It seems to stem from the assumption that we don’t belong in Parliament at all. I’ve largely reached the point where I just roll my eyes and laugh about it, often sharing the most woman-hating comments with my team for a giggle. As the abuse has intensified at various points, I have received threats of rape and violence. I talk about it now in the most blasé way, but I’d struggle to name many other professions where women are threatened with rape by strangers and merely shrug their shoulders and sigh. The desensitisation process began from day one in the job. And, I won’t lie, some days it’s really bloody hard. I can understand why women don’t want to enter this arena.  But it doesn’t have to be this way, and I’m calling time. Violence against women and girls is at a record high. The incel movement continues to grow online, promoting a culture of anti-woman sentiment amongst its members. I don’t know one woman who feels safe walking home late at night. I barely know a woman who hasn’t experienced unwanted approaches, pictures, touching, or worse from a bloke. Society has to change. And that work starts right here in Parliament. We need to be the influencers who put an end to misogyny in public life for good. I’ve lost count of the number of young women I’ve spoken to who think they might want to go into politics but are scared about what abuse they will face. I try and reassure them, but I have to be honest too. This is a rough job for women. But, for so many of the brilliant, tenacious, female MPs I know, it only encourages us to work harder and prove the haters wrong. I see that same spirit in so many young activists, so I do feel confident for the future. But right now, blokes of the UK, I call upon you. To the male MPs briefing anonymously about female colleagues, to the journalists printing their comments, to those tweeting the story with a jokey remark, take a second to think, “How would I feel if someone said this about my daughter/sister/mum?”.  If the answer is “not happy”, then think twice. And to the women of the UK, I call on you too. Call out bad behaviour when you see it. Don’t be afraid to share your experiences for fear of being called emotional, or a snowflake. We can only fix a problem if we’re brave enough to talk about it, so let’s talk about it. After all, our country deserves the best and brightest Parliamentarians. MPs who can make good policy that can help change all our lives for the better. If talented women are being put off even trying to get elected for fear of abuse and threats, the country is all the worse for it. None of us should be complicit in discouraging good people from getting involved just because they’re female. So let’s stand up and kick out misogyny for good. 