  James Martin has hit back after being snubbed by A Place In The Sun presenter Laura Hamilton as he revealed he wasn't invited to attend her milestone birthday celebrations. The Channel 4 presenter turned 40 years old on Sunday and shared some snaps of the lavish celebrations in view of her 156,000 followers.     Laura was sent a cute video from some of her celebrity friends to mark the occasion, but one pal, TV chef James, 49, pointed out that he hadn’t been invited to the festivities. The star of James Martin's Saturday Morning showed up at the end of the video Laura shared to her Instagram four days ago. Following a montage of greetings from other famous faces, the ITV chef appeared. “Hi Laura, James here,” he said. “Wishing you all the very best. Happy birthday.” READ MORE: Sara Davies' business lost 'hundreds of thousands' during Strictly     “40 years old. You’ve still got a way to go before you reach me.” “But have a great day - enjoy yourself. You deserve an amazing day,” he continued. “God bless, look after yourself and I’ll speak to you soon, no doubt. “Like I said, you work so hard at it. You deserve a break and you deserve your rest. Enjoy your day."      He then cheekily added: “I wish I could be there but Georgia didn’t invite me. “You can speak to her about that. Alright, take care!” In a message next to the clip, Laura expressed her gratitude to her friends for her incredible birthday celebrations. “OMG seriously what an incredible day!” she began, before going on to thank her friend Haley for her kind words. READ MORE... Karen Hauer and Luba Mushtuk stun in bikinis as they shower together [NEWS] Madonna, 63, issues expletive fan warning after split from boyfriend [UPDATE] Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband  [INSIGHT]      “@haleyjayob0806 you are the most unbelievable friend…” she penned. “The ‘This is Your Life’ speech you made was so special.” “Thank you so much to everyone who made my day so memorable and celebrated with me. “I also want to say thank you to @georgielouisegavin for this message…” she added, tagging her friend Georgia Gavin. The star then tagged the celebs that joined in on the special video message.      Apart from James, other stars that sent love to the birthday girl included her A Place in the Sun co-stars Jasmine Harman, Jonnie Irwin, Lucy Alexander. Laura’s former Dancing On Ice partner Colin Ratushniak also featured, as well as drag performer La Voix. Laura concluded her post with: “Love you all… here’s to the next 40 years! Laura x.” James Martin’s Saturday Morning airs this morning at 9.25am on ITV.   