Robert Jobson, who was dubbed the 'Godfather of Royal Reporting' by the Wall Street Journal, joined Dan Wootton and ex-Liberal Democrat MP Norman Baker to discuss recent revelations about Prince Charles on GB News yesterday. It has been revealed the Prince of Wales sent letters to Jimmy Savile seeking “common sense” advice in the 1980s. The TV personality, who forged close relationships with other powerful Brits, has since been condemned after he was found to have been a serial sexual abuser for many years. However, it was only announced that Mr Savile had committed such acts after his death in 2011. Speaking about the heir apparent, Mr Jobson said: “I think we've all got 20:20 vision with hindsight. “You've got to remember and I'm sure Norman was an MP and a lot of these things could have been raised in Parliament under privilege. “So, as a journalist at the height of Jimmy Savile's appalling behaviour, the newspapers were being sued left, right and centre, and judges were ruling thousands of pounds to Jimmy Savile for the mistreatment of his character. JUST IN: Kate’s ‘strategic’ royal career allows devoted mother to have ‘space for parenting’ “That is a misjudgment by the Prince of Wales, clearly it is.” However, Mr Jobson then asked whether this would bring into question the judgement of ex-Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. The Iron Lady even knighted Savile in 1990. Jobson added: “I think it's easy in hindsight to criticise the Prince of Wales. “I'm sure he's cringing at everything that has been written and shown about him in this documentary.” However, he also stressed: “A lot of it actually came out ten years ago.” Jobson concluded: “It's easy in hindsight to look back when we know exactly what a vile character he was but he was right in the heart of the establishment, he had a lot of powerful people in his pocket and I don't remember too many MPs speaking out against him.” Mr Baker, the former Liberal Democrat MP for Lewes in Sussex and self-proclaimed republican, responded to Mr Jobson by saying: “Prince Charles is a public figure like anybody else in the public limelight... I think it's legitimate for the public to know about the actions that the heir to the throne has taken.” The ex-Home Office Minister added: “Obviously, Prince Charles didn't know what Jimmy Savile was up to, nobody is suggesting that in the least. “But the fact is he did make a serious misjudgment in becoming friends with this man, he became very close friends.” DON'T MISS: Queen Jubilee 2022 dates: The four-day bank holiday schedule in full [LATEST]Royal POLL: Do you think William and Kate should move closer to the Queen? [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have 'no room to heal' relationship with Royal Family [ANALYSIS] Mr Baker then pointed out how Savile had such a close relationship with Clarence House that he tried to offer the Prince of Wales advice in regard to his first wife Princess Diana. Mr Jobson and Mr Baker's appearance on GB News comes after a new documentary claimed the Prince of Wales wrote to Savile in 1989 to ask him to offer Sarah Ferguson some of his “common sense”. In one letter written by Charles at Sandringham on January 14, 1989, the Duke of Cornwall said: “Perhaps I am wrong, but you are the bloke who knows what’s going on. “What I really need is a list of suggestions from you. “I so want to get to parts of the country that others don’t get to reach.”