Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has remained coy over talk that Erik ten Hag will succeed him as manager at Old Trafford. The Ajax coach is the frontrunner for the vacancy ahead of the next season. United coach Rangnick has offered a small update on the race to pen Ten Hag to a deal at Old Trafford ahead of the summer transfer window. The Red Devils have been searching for a new manager since November after sacking Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The keys were handed to Rangnick until the end of the season when he will move into a consultancy role upstairs at the club. Several coaches have been linked with the post at United, including Luis Enrique, Julen Lopetegui and Mauricio Pochettino. But it is Ten Hag that is firmly in the running to take over at United after impressing with his brand of football at Ajax. The Dutchman famously led the club to the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2019, beating the likes of Juventus and Real Madrid along the way. Despite huge speculation over Ten Hag's future and a constant barrage of questions from reporters, Rangnick has remained tight-lipped. However, on Monday the German coach gave a slight indication that an announcement is forthcoming. When asked about Ten Hag once again, he said: "I don't know. This is an issue for the club and the board and as soon as there is something to announce then I'm pretty sure the club will make that announcement." The 60-year-old has been keen to keep his side on track amid reports of Ten Hag's appointments as United toil in the Premier League. Despite their struggles, they landed a punch in the top-four race with a win over Norwich. That saw them go three points behind Tottenham, who are fourth but have seen their control loosened after a 1-0 defeat to Brighton. The Red Devils face Liverpool on Tuesday night in what could prove pivotal for both sides for different reasons. And Rangnick even seemed to kick out at the United scouting department after praising Jurgen Klopp's side, who have several players that had been eyed by the former Hoffenheim, RB Leipzig and RB Salzburg coach and chief. "Jurgen has built that team over the last six-and-a-half years. Six or seven of those players used to be my - or our - players," he said. "We signed them for our clubs when nobody knew them and again it's no coincidence that this is probably the club with the highest number of players from our former clubs. Their approach, their style of football, the way they want to play is pretty similar.”