Driving has never been so expensive as fuelling up a car now costs a whopping £1,435 per year, a £960 rise, according to End Fuel Poverty. Millions in the UK have now been plunged into working poverty due to the cost of living crisis. Two in five households with children in Britain (15 million) now have to regularly choose between heating their homes and eating, data from End Fuel Poverty Coalition suggests. On top of that, daily expenses like fuelling cars and buying food have also risen exponentially. In a move to lessen the crisis, Chancellor Rishi Sunak slashed fuel duty in his spring statement by 5p. However, this has done little to reduce bills. READ MORE: delight at scrapping of EU law that wanted sit-on mowers insured ChooseMyCar's Commercial Director Ben Maguire said: "The average tank size in the UK is 50 litres. “In the last 12 months, the cost to fill up an average tank has gone up by about £26. "When Rishi puts a five pence per litre deduction on that, that's about £2.50 off that. “We're still down well over £20 per tank". DON'T MISS Uproar over push from Greens to ban second cars [INSIGHT] Ringgo row sees elderly drivers demand right to use cash [REVEAL] Boris Johnson racked up £4,000 in parking tickets [SHOCKING] Motorists are now spending on average £1,435 to fill up their car each year, this is despite the greater move towards homeworking. The figure is markedly higher than this time last year and has increased the margin at which electric vehicles are cheaper to run. Compare The Market data suggests electric cars are now £570-per-year less expensive to run than petrol and diesel alternatives, not to mention far better for the environment. Some environmental groups hope that this will hasten the transition from fossil fuel-powered cars to electric. New conventional petrol and diesel cars and vans are set to be banned from sale in 2030, but many believe this is too late. Despite the significant yearly savings motorists have the potential to make, registrations of electric cars are slower than they should be, as the upfront costs of buying such vehicles are often greater than their petrol counterparts. This is combined with the need for a home electric charging port or relying on the existing green-charging infrastructure. However, the number of electric vehicles bought in the UK in March alone was higher than during the entirety of 2019. British drivers registered nearly 40,000 new electric vehicles last month. This in turn made March’s figures the highest on record for a single month. The data also marked a 79 percent increase from March 2021 and found that battery-powered cars now account for one in six registrations. The evidence of the soaring demand for battery-electric cars was provided by the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT), a lobby group. Across all of 2019, Britons bought 37,850 electric vehicles. In March 2022 alone there were 39,315 sales. It is now estimated by some analysts that battery EVs will become the most popular fuel type as soon as 2025. Hybrid electric vehicles also grew by nearly 30 percent to some 28,000 cars, although plug-in hybrid registrations declined by around eight percent.