Carlos Alcaraz has stepped into ‘rarefied air’ that only superstar players like Rafael Nadal and Boris Becker have previously entered, according to doubles legend Todd Woodbridge. The Australian was lauding the teenager’s incredible rise within the world of tennis, with Alcaraz quickly becoming the name on everyone’s lips following his run of sensational form. Over the last 12 months, the Spaniard has experienced a meteoric rise, bursting onto the scene at the US Open with a fairytale run to the quarter-finals after winning the ATP 250 Croatia Open. Alcaraz has carried over his terrific form to 2022 and undeniably kicked it up a gear. The 18-year-old has been one of the stars of 2022, only losing twice since the turn of the year. He fell to Matteo Berrettini at the Australian Open before the teenager was beaten at Indian Wells by Nadal. Alcaraz claimed his first Masters title at the Miami Open, defeating Casper Ruud 7-5 6-4 in the final on Sunday. The Spaniard became the youngest player to win the tournament, while he is the third-youngest behind Michael Chang and Nadal to win a Masters 1000 title. As a result, the Murcia-born teen has climbed to a career-high of No. 11 in the ATP Rankings. Woodbridge, who won 16 men’s doubles Grand Slams, believes Alcaraz is set to become part of an exclusive list of players who can handle stardom at such a young age. READ MORE: Djokovic's 'new coach' explains why Serb is better than Nadal on clay “It’s his ability to keep winning. He’s 18-2 for the season. It is winning a Masters title. But it’s not just one result – it’s been that trajectory that we haven’t really seen,” the Australian told ausopen.com. “(With other rising stars) we’ve seen an upward curve and then a plateau and then a little dip, before we’ve seen an upward curve again. Alcaraz is going to go and stay trending up. “Rafa’s probably the last one to have done that, and then from my perspective it was Boris Becker who similarly burst onto the scene. Boris won a Slam very quickly after winning at Queen’s Club. Rafa did the same in 2005, winning his first Masters titles (Monte Carlo and Rome) then turning up to Roland Garros and winning that. “This is rarefied air Alcaraz has stepped into. So I think it’s a really exciting time.” DON'T MISSOsaka told she has to develop Raducanu trait to deal with 'pot shots'Djokovic 'works closely with scientists on his shoes' for advantageDjokovic warned that Carlos Alcaraz's emergence is 'perfect' for Nadal Alcaraz is hardly the first rising star to be tipped to follow the likes of Roger Federer, Novak Djokovic and Nadal to the pinnacle of the sport. However, Woodbridge is convinced the Spaniard is unlikely to suffer the same fate as other heralded talents. “He definitely has an X-factor, but his timing couldn’t be better,” Woodbridge added. “There have been some great young players who came through when you had Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic at their best. So you had three game styles, and you had to beat all three to get to the top. “Whereas now, there isn’t as much to have to worry about with the top talent – both his peer group, the generation above, and then the Big Three who have dominated. Alcaraz now has this window to be able to build his game, to be the dominant player. “At 18, he’s still maturing, he’s still going to grow his game. Technically he’s sound, he’s going to get stronger. “He has a period of time now to be able to make his game style the best and the hardest to beat, and he’s going to set the base platform of what this next generation of players is going to be playing like.”