The conversation was intercepted by Ukrainian intelligence and appeared to show morale among Russian troops had sunk to a new low. Russian forces have met fierce and brave resistance from their Ukrainian opponents from the moment they launched their invasion on February 24. They have endured heavy casualties, with some estimates suggesting that over 10,000 have been killed. Numerous reports of desertions by Russian soldiers have surfaced, amid claims of low morale among the rank and file. In a recent call home, a soldier called Kirill, tells his mother that he is "fed up with this (the war)." She replied: "Fed up? Is there a way to just go home? Abandon it all and go home?" Kirill explains that he would face a court martial if he upped sticks and left. He then shocks her with the news that the army is sending conscripts to the front line. His mother answered: "Even conscripts? But they say they aren't sending conscripts because it's forbidden. "Putin just talked about this yesterday, that there isn't a single conscript there. When will you be rotated?" He tells her that there is "nothing to rotate" and that the army hasn't "taken anything". Kirill then added: "What's going on here is just f***ing shit." The Russian President has insisted on numerous occasions that conscripts would not be sent to fight in Ukraine. However, in early March the Russian Ministry of Defence admitted that some conscripts were serving on the front lines in Ukraine. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Ukraine shoots down £38million fighter jet Putin's spokesperson said the Russian leader had ordered an investigation into the matter. Kirill's mother goes on to give a vivid impression of life under sanctions and the struggle to make ends meet. She said: "Prices are rising like in a fairy tale. "Credit loans at 30 percent interest, mortgage at 18 percent. A toilet costs 43,000 roubles (£389), Kirill. "Sberbank isn't working with foreign currency. All foreign exchange has shut down until September. Sanctions everywhere." It comes as world leaders consider further sanctions against Moscow in light of the revelations of Russian atrocities against civilians in Ukraine. DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: Poland 'open' to nuclear weapons on soil - huge fallout  [NEWS]Russia accused of ‘horrifying’ massacre of civilians by Ukraine [REVEAL]Vladimir Putin will pay for ‘despicable’ war crimes, vows PM [SPOTLIGHT] Emmanuel Macron told French media that the West must now target Russia's coal and oil exports. Christine Lambrecht, Germany's defence minister, said the European Union must now discuss banning the import of Russian gas. Ukraine's Foreign Minister has also urged Western leaders to provide his country with more powerful weapons. Dmytro Kuleba said: "Bucha massacre proves that Russian hatred towards Ukrainians is beyond anything Europe has seen since WWII. "The only way to stop this: help Ukraine kick Russians out as soon as possible."