Ben Stiller has spoken out after finding himself the subject of a Nick Kyrgios comeback during the Aussie’s Indian Wells quarter-final clash against Rafael Nadal. The 26-year-old was jeered on by someone in the crowd when he quipped back with a joke involving the actor, who was sat front row to watch the popcorn match eventually won by the Spaniard. Kyrgios matched his career-best showing in Indian Wells last month by making the last four, when he took on Nadal who was then undefeated for the 2022 season so far. The current world No 77 took an early break in the first set and had the chance to close it out but was broken as the 21-time Major champion went on to win 7-6(0) 5-7 6-4. The recent Australian Open men’s doubles champion was engaging in some dialogue with himself during the match over his first serve when a spectator decided to join in and call out, prompting the 26-year-old to hit back at the heckler and ask why he was telling him how to play tennis. “Do I tell him how to act?” Kyrgios responded, pointing to Stiller in the front row. It led to some believing the beef was between the six-time title winner and the American actor, but Stiller has now cleared things up and explained what happened during a recent appearance on The Daily Show. "It was the weirdest thing," the Emmy award winner told Trevor Noah. JUST IN: Alcaraz backed to dominate over Djokovic and Nadal for three reasons   "Basically what happened was Nick Kyrgios, he talks to himself a lot during the matches, and he kept on saying, 'Oh, man, get your first serve in, get your first serve in.' And there was a gentleman next to me who decided when he started to serve to tell him, 'Yeah, get your first serve in',” he explained, recalling the bizarre incident. "So Nick Kyrgios turns and goes, 'What do you...Why are you talking to me? Do you play tennis? Are you a good tennis player?' And the guy's like, 'No.' And then he looks at me and goes, 'Do I tell him how to act?' And I didn't even quite hear it, so I thought he might have been talking to me. And then that was it. Then apparently, it went viral,” he laughed. DON'T MISSAlcaraz gunning for Djokovic as Spaniard talks up Monte Carlo clashFederer sends fans into meltdown as tennis star provides injury updateAlcaraz tipped to be 'best ever' in Djokovic, Federer and Nadal snub   Noah pointed out that it was like a scene from one of Stiller’s own movies as he said: “Some people understood what was happening, but most people thought that you had beef with a tennis player. And the thing is, you're just sitting there like smiling, like, it literally looked like a scene from one of your movies." But things were all good between the pair, with Stiller tweeting Kyrgios after the quarter-final to say: “Great match today.” The Aussie then joked that they could start working on their next film together as he claimed “I got some acting in me” before asking the 56-year-old how his tennis was. “I could use some help with my serve but maybe a new doubles team? We can discuss it on set,” the actor replied as Kyrgios sealed the deal, writing: “Done.” 