Nichola Janet-Smith, 46, an NHS worker from Birmingham was forced to leave her role as a Community Midwife Support worker because the rising cost of living made it “financially untenable” for her to stay there. A new report from Totaljobs has found that due to rising bills 37 percent of workers in the UK are considering changing jobs to combat the rise of living. The report raises concerns about current wages not rising fast enough in line with inflation. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Nichola about why she felt she had to change jobs, and how she has been managing the cost of living crisis. She said: “I’ve worked in the NHS for six years and just left my role as a Community Midwife Support worker because the rising cost of living made it financially untenable. “Having to travel to up to 10 homes a day, some 20 miles away from where I’m based, meant I simply couldn’t keep up with the cost of fuel and was taking home less money each month. After spending £700 on rent and £200 on travel, I was lucky if I was left with £200 to spare. "I’ve noticed the cap on my meter has risen from £15 to £20 and I hadn’t been made aware of this. It’s like a never-ending debt and I’m constantly finding myself turning off all electric points. The increasing financial burden took the enjoyment and passion out of the job, so I’ve had to move from a community role to being based in a hospital full-time.” READ MORE: ‘Difference unfair to taxpayers’ - HMRC raise interest rates again  In fact, 17 percent of workers have resorted to taking a second job to boost their income – rising to one fifth of essential workers, and a further 30 percent taking on extra shifts at work to earn more money. Since the start of the year, 838,113 workers have resorted to taking on loans to fund basic living expenses. Of those who have resorted to taking on debt for the first time, the average amount is £1,522. The research found that for essential workers, this level of debt increased by £329, rising to £1,851. Nichola continued: “My previous job role was a community midwife support worker and I could no longer continue working there as there was no help with the cost of diesel. “We drove all over the West Midlands visiting homes but by the time I got paid I had lost out due to three times a week travel to and from work and surrounding areas. “ I budget my money more carefully due to having four children at home and when I can't afford household items, I rely on Fair for You to purchase them which helps me and my family. “My rent has gone up from 700 - 800 a month which has affected my household. I now work as a midwife support worker on a delivery suite, working two night shifts. "It’s less pay but I don't get taxed as much, and I don't use as much fuel which benefits me. I get help with my rent and school dinners if I never got either of these it would not be worth working. “I do believe the Government could do more by reducing Tax/Vat or raising the cost of the wage so it's equal or higher than the cost of living. “There’s no incentive to work anymore as the National minimum wage is comparable if not equal to a person on a medium to high benefits claim. In a country where the economy is on the brink of collapse and doesn't seem to be recovering from covid affecting people all over. “We need a workforce to rebuild the economy as the situation is only going to worsen. I choose to work for my children as we don't get anything in this life for free and that is what I try to install into them. Through all our struggles they will never go without.”