Ant and Dec have reignited their row with Prime Minister Boris Jonhnson ahead of the new series of Britain's Got Talent starting tonight. The funnymen have previously taken not-so subtle swipes at the Conservative leader when hosting I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! last year, but have now sparked up the row once again in a BGT filming gag. In a promotional clip ahead of the series launch this evening, the pair didn't pass up an opportunity to take a swipe at the leader of the government. Dec was seen securing a crash helmet as he prepared to take to the road on a bike. He said to Ant: "That's like Boris Johnson's helmet, you know when he went down the zip wire?" The clip cut to Dec's face superimposed onto a video of Boris as the Mayor of London, zooming down a zipwire to celebrate Team GB at the London 2012 Olympic Games. READ MORE: Amber and Johnny's counsellor says she 'would strike him to keep him' Dec continued to tease his pal, saying to Ant: "And I though I would look the idiot in this scene." It comes after the duo took aim at the Prime Minister last year during their presenting stint on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! The pair couldn’t resist aiming a dig at the Prime Minister as they poked fun at him for “giving cushy jobs to his mates” and later on tickled viewers as they made another jibe at Boris over nepotism within the Conservative party. As the episode started, Ant announced to the public: “Big news - you’ve elected a new camp leader!” In response, Dec asked: “Wow, exciting stuff, but what exactly does the leader do?” At this point, Ant made a cheeky jibe at Prime Minister Boris Johnson. “Well, they look increasingly dishevelled, give cushy jobs to their mates and pretty much make it up as they go along,” he said. “Evening Prime Minister,” Dec added, smiling at the camera to confirm that the statement had been a pointed one. DON'T MISS...George Alagiah leaves fans tearful at BBC return amid cancer battle [UPDATE]Danniella Westbrook looking to adopt Ukrainian baby with prison beau [ANALYSIS]‘Was never asked back’ Jeremy Clarkson hits out at The One Show [INSIGHT] However, this wasn’t the only swipe the duo directed at Boris, as Ant had another quip in store ahead of Naughty Boy’s most recent trial. He said: “Before the break Naughty Boy was getting ready to face the Savage Steakout with the help of the lords.” At this, Dec asked: “I’ve been wondering, how do you actually get to become a lord?” Donate three million quid to the conserative party,” Ant replied, without hesitation. “Oh - evening again Prime Minister… He’s coming for you tonight!” Dec yelled gleefully. Ant and Dec also couldn’t resist poking a bit of fun at the Conservative leader after Boris was caught on camera fumbling with sheets of paper, pleading “forgive me” as he struggled to find his place in a speech to the Confederation of British Industry. During the episode, Dec began talking about the Victoria sponge cake that the blue team had managed to win for their camp, but when quizzed over where they got the cake, Dec didn't hold back as he aimed a jibe at the PM. Dec replied: “I’ve got it written down somewhere,” before pretending to faff around with his own sheets of paper and impersonating the Prime Minister’s voice, whilst telling viewers: “Ooh, er, forgive me”. Britian's Got Talent airs tonight at 8pm on ITV.