Karim Benzema was the hero as Real Madrid fought back from 3-0 down to beat Chelsea 5-4 on aggregate in a pulsating Champions League quarter-final. Chelsea came into the second leg 3-1 behind but were given early hope through Mason Mount's well-taken finish before Antonio Rudiger made it 2-0 and levelled the tie up on aggregate with a header from a corner. Marcos Alonso had a goal ruled out for handball by VAR, but Timo Werner added a third Chelsea goal to put Thomas Tuchel’s side 4-3 up on aggregate, only for Real Madrid substitute Rodrygo to volley in Luka Modric’s unbelievable pass to send the match to extra-time. Benzema then headed in Vinicius Jr's cross to give Real the lead in the 96th minute and, despite plenty of openings, Chelsea could not force an equaliser. Here's what we learned from an unforgettable game in the Spanish capital.    Mount has been in fantastic form for Chelsea recently, chipping in with three goals and five assists in his last seven games coming into this match, and he did not slow down. The way the ball ricocheted off Timo Werner into his path may have been fortuitous, but his finish wasn’t; he took it with unerring confidence, whipping his effort past Thibaut Courtois without a second thought. Such an impact is nothing new. Mount was instrumental in Chelsea’s triumphant Champions League campaign last season and a statistic from Opta underlined the 23-year-old’s consistency across the board. Mount now has 20 goals & 21 assists in all competitions since the start of last season – a tally only Harry Kane can match for Englishmen. When Chelsea’s starting line-up was made public, many might have been surprised to see Loftus-Cheek named in midfield while Jorginho sat on the bench. Loftus-Cheek played as a right wing-back in the 6-0 thrashing of Southampton on the weekend and retained his place, with Thomas Tuchel placing great trust in him. "We have Reece James in an area where we need him, where he can match the speed of Vinícius Junior,” Tuchel explained to BT Sport pre-match. “Ruben Loftus-Cheek is in a hybrid role. We have to take some risks. We want to play a higher line of pressing and have more players closer to the ball when we attack.” In possession Loftus-Cheek played on the right of Chelsea’s three-man midfield, alongside N’Golo Kante and Mateo Kovacic. Out of possession he shifted over further to help James against the dangerous Vinicius Jr. He was far from overawed by the occasion, was involved in the build-up to Mount’s opener and more than justified Tuchel’s decision.  Rudiger is out of contract with Chelsea in a few months. His contractual situation has rumbled on all season in the background, with rumours appearing weekly linking him with just about every major European club – but he has never appeared distracted, or been accused of downing tools. The German centre-back was fantastic at the Bernabeu – the stadium many believe he might be playing at next season. Rudiger placed a perfect header into the bottom corner to make it 2-0 and backed it up with a goal-saving slide-tackle at the other end minutes later. He may be leaving on July 1, but he remains fully committed to the Chelsea cause for now. His slip as Vinicius' cross came in towards Benzema was an unfortunate moment in an otherwise impressive display. Tuchel deserves a lot of credit for his decision to play Werner. The hammering of Southampton certainly helped matters, giving him a striker full of confidence, but it was still a bold call from the German manager. "This is what we will try today and Timo Werner is part of it,” Tuchel said. “Hopefully he can keep the momentum." He could. His inadvertent assist for Mount’s opener was fluke, but his goal was anything but: he kept his cool to cut inside both Casemiro and David Alaba before beating Courtois with his finish. Werner, who was replaced by Christian Pulisic in the 83rd minute, is beginning to look like the player Chelsea spent £53m on two years ago.   For all money it seemed as though Chelsea had achieved the near-impossible. Werner's goal to make it 3-0 on the night was completely deserved for a fantastic performance from the away side, yet it was undone just five minutes later through some absolute magic from Modric. Most players would not have even considered the pass, let alone seen it, but the Real master in midfield picked up the ball and played a scarcely believable pass with the outside of his right foot over the Chelsea defence for Rodrygo. The finish was breathtaking, yet was completely overshadowed by the touch which came before it from Modric. Modric is 36 years old but has shown that class truly is permanent. Despite all of Chelsea's endeavour, despite all their skill, application and determination, they still came up short in the end. Rodrygo's goal came out of nowhere and owed everything to Modric's otherworldly vision and technique. The winner came from Vinicius' composure and Benzema's cool certainty in front of goal. Benzema is the midst of his best ever season for Real. He's now scored 38 goals across all competitions for the Spanish giants and, after scoring a hat-trick at Stamford Bridge, has ultimately proven to be the difference between these two sides at the end of a brilliant Champions League tie. The 34-year-old has now scored 83 goals in the competition. Only Cristiano Ronaldo (140), Lionel Messi (125) and Robert Lewandowski (87) have scored more. That is some legacy. 