Liverpool's pursuit of Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni could all but confirm two summer departures. Tchouameni is the subject of mass Premier League interest ahead of the transfer window, but the Reds could attempt to beat Chelsea and Manchester United to his signature. According to Foot Mercato, Jurgen Klopp 'loves' the 22-year-old and Liverpool have already initiated contact with his representatives. He is also understood to be interested in the prospect of playing in the Premier League amid competition from Chelsea and United. The report claims Real Madrid are well positioned in the race for his services, and he could be attracted to joining Eduardo Camavinga in the next generation of Los Blancos' midfielder. But the La Liga leaders could struggle to match the financial power of their English competitors. If Liverpool secure the exciting signing of Tchouameni, it will spark a new age in Klopp's midfield by potentially forcing two current options to depart. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and James Milner's Anfield futures are contentious as it is - the France international's arrival would seal their fate. JUST IN: Tottenham 'to hire Paratici partner in crime' to find Conte players Oxlade-Chamberlain is already on the fringes of Klopp's competitive midfield, making just nine Premier League starts this season. And the former Arsenal star has failed to inspire, prompting suggestions Liverpool could move him on in the summer transfer window. Meanwhile, Milner's current contract expires on June 30, and whilst there is a fresh offer on the table, Tchouameni's signing could be decisive in his decision. Like Oxlade-Chamberlain, he's been a bit-part player in the Reds' quadruple pursuit, and another name to contend with could attract him to enjoy the twilight of his career elsewhere. READ MORE: Tottenham to make Roma scouting trip as transfer plot emerges Liverpool's interest in Tchouameni comes somewhat as a surprise, given he plays a similar role to the one Fabinho has excelled in under Klopp at Anfield. But the club will have a strong relationship with Monaco after Fabinho's swift deal in 2018, and given their status battling on all fronts, they will be an enticing proposition for any player seeking a move. Whilst there's no questioning the quality at Klopp's disposal among his current midfield options, Jordan Henderson, Thiago, and Milner are all on the north of 30, and Fabinho and Oxlade-Chamberlain turn 29 this year. It could be a hotly-contested battle for Tchouameni's services. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here