Ralf Rangnick is reportedly pushing for his own transfer ideas to be put on the table ahead of the summer window, with some push back from Manchester United officials. Rangnick will step down from his role as interim boss at the end of the season and move into a consultancy role on the board. What that role consists of remains to be seen, but his main responsibility now is trying to secure European football for next season with just seven games remaining. It now appears as though Erik ten Hag will come in as United's long-term successor to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ahead of the summer transfer window. The Dutchman will undoubtedly have his own plans to discuss with the United board on who to go after in the market. But Rangnick will supposedly be pushing for his own ideas to be listened to when the transfer window opens. According to Goal, Rangnick has been involved in 'recruitment meetings' with John Murtough, Darren Fletcher and Richard Arnold. However, United's board don't appear to be on the same wavelength as Rangnick at the moment. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag 'wants Steven Bergwijn' as first Man Utd signing  It is claimed that Rangnick has not been the 'dominant voice' in meetings, indicating United officials want to move in a different direction. The United interim manager is reportedly 'adamant he knows what needs to be done' when the transfer window opens in the summer. He wants United to follow a similar recruitment structure to both Manchester City and Liverpool while pushing his belief that it will take at least 'three transfer windows to correct past mistakes'. But Rangnick may not have much influence on United's final decisions with his role said to be 'limited'. The 63-year-old may also only end up working a few days every month with the potential of taking up another managerial job elsewhere. How Rangnick's role fits in with what Ten Hag will want at Old Trafford remains to be seen, with the Ajax boss reluctant to speak too much about his talks with United. DON'T MISS  But, speaking earlier this month, Ten Hag did hint at his imminent departure from Ajax. "I don't want to rule anything out," he said. "My focus is currently only on Ajax, but in football you never know. If at some point I should decide to take the next step, I hope people here will understand. "Everyone knows each other in the industry. There are always talks with representatives from other clubs, that's normal. Manchester United are a great club with great supporters."