Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has given a strong indication that Trent Alexander-Arnold will be back in time to face Benfica next week. The right-back was unavailable for Liverpool's FA Cup tie against Nottingham Forest before the international break after picking up a hamstring injury.  There was immediate concerns on whether Alexander-Arnold would be back to full fitness in time for the title clash against Manchester City on April 10. He remained at Liverpool during the international break to recover from the hamstring injury. But Klopp has now confirmed that it has taken just "two weeks" for the defender to fully recover, even putting him in contention to face Benfica next week before the game against City. "Trent trained yesterday for parts and will be in full training today and we have to see what we do about it," he said. "I know, and I've heard, of how it is in this country. Trent wanted to go to the national team. I just wanted to make sure that everybody [understood]. JUST IN: Salah will do 'everything' to join Barca as Liverpool issue 'threat'  "He couldn't. If you saw the scans with his pictures, you cannot go anywhere but sometimes injuries - thank god - are not that serious that you are out for five-six weeks. Sometimes it's two weeks and that's the case with Trent." Joe Gomez got a rare start in Alexander-Arnold's place against Forest in the FA Cup. The full-back is unlikely to start against Waford on Saturday if he's only returning to full-team training today. DON'T MISS  Liverpool have a strong chance to move to the top of the table as they play before Manchester City's game against Burnley. But Klopp is wary of his side underestimating a Watford side fighting for their place in the Premier League. "If we viewed this [as an easy game] we wouldn't have that many points. Man City are the same," Klopp said. "The good thing is my team never care about their league position. They listen to me. "I am honest in meetings and don't make a team sound stronger or weaker than they are. We have to surprise Watford with intensity - it is not an easy weekend for City or us. Burnley is the last place you want to go." 