Some benefits claimants say they've thought about resorting to crime to put food on their tables and a roof over their heads. James Loveridge, who lives in Sparkhill, Birmingham, where the proportion of people claiming benefits is among the highest in the country, has even considered taking his own life due to the plight. James, 38, said: "I haven't (taken his life) because of my children. "I don't get enough to live on. It's horrible. "It's getting worse if anything. I feel like I'm going to have to steal something, but I don't." The dad worked as a labourer but had to stop due to a knee injury. He now lives off £240 a month in Universal Credit, Birmingham Live says. He and hundreds of other people use a Trussell Trust food bank, which operates out of a church in Sparkhill twice a week. Numbers coming to five Trussell Trust food banks across Birmingham have shot up five-fold in the past year. Volunteers at these say people are being impacted as sky-high inflation outpaces rises to benefit payments. Scott Watts, who uses the service, also admitted he may have to turn to crime if the situation worsens. Scott, 39, said: "It makes you want to resort to crime. At the end of the day I don't get any help or support from anyone else. "There's so many people going for the same job. I've been for interviews and there's 10 people going for it. They pick the best one, and my record isn't immaculate. "I'm struggling. It's unbelievable. I've never been through so much hardship in my life. "The Government don't care. We're just a number to them." After deductions are made to his Universal Credit payments for gas and electricity at his supported housing, as well as money he owes from crisis loans, he's left with £140 a month. Around one third of the Sparkhill population is on benefits. One of those people, 55-year-old Andy Anderson, says he's left with around £90 after deductions. He said: "I'm really struggling to be honest. It's the finances. It's just money and bills. "It's going to be hard. In an ideal world we wouldn't need food banks but the cost of living has skyrocketed so there's not a lot we can do. I think it's going to continue." Alan Ward, who claims Universal Credit and lives in an house of multiple occupancy as he cannot afford a flat of his own, said: "It's either come down here or go hungry. "I've got an HGV licence. I went down the Job Ccentre but they won't help me. "Everybody has got the same problems. "The Government is take, take and giving nothing back, whether you're on Universal Credit or you go to work 48 hours a week. Coming here, it's not something I enjoy."  Father-of-two Gaurang Rajyaguru recently arrived in the UK from India as an international student but, despite working part-time at Birmingham City University and his wife also working in a packing role, they don't have enough money to get by. As an international student, he gets no funding or support from the Government and his wife's hours are unreliable, adding pressure to the family's finances. "I'm struggling a lot," the dad said. "The bills are high and we don't have our own transport, so we have to go on public transport. As an international student I can't work more than 20 hours a week. I applied for an IT job but they said it needed to be full-time. "Sometimes my wife's shifts get cancelled or they might not have any work for her. It's difficult, I'm finding it tough."