Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick has admitted he is unsure if Erik ten Hag's appointment is a done deal ahead of Saturday's Premier League showdown with Norwich City. Ten Hag is poised to take over at Old Trafford come the summer, having verbally agreed to leave Ajax. And the Red Devils are hopeful he can bring the glory days back to the Theatre of Dreams as they plan for a brighter future. Speaking to the media at a press conference, Rangnick spoke cryptically when asked if Ten Hag had agreed to become the club's next manager. “I don't know if it's a done deal,” said the 63-year-old, who will become a consultant at the end of the season. “My reply is the same as Erik Ten Hag's was. My focus is on the game tomorrow. “Again, we all know he is a good manager, that he has done a good job at Ajax and also at former clubs, but right now it doesn't make sense to tell you what I think about any other coach." It's intriguing that Rangnick was aware of what Ten Hag said earlier today, with the Ajax boss congratulated on securing the United job during his own press conference. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ahead of United’s showdown with Norwich on Saturday, fans have staged a protest at Carrington with the club beefing up security around the training ground. They want the Glazers to go and are livid after the club’s nine years without a single Premier League title. And Rangnick said of that incident: "We all know that football is a game of passions and emotions and we can all understand. “I can understand the supporters being disappointed about where we stand in the table and the performance against Everton. “I still believe our supporters are one of the best, if not the best in England, as long as they do the protest in a peaceful way and as long as they still support the team in the stadium. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players “They have the right to express their opinion. Emotionally I can understand them being disappointed." On his side’s form, he then said: "We've had moments when we've played well. “I think we've had quite a few games where we really played well in the way that we played together as a team. “But what we haven't done [so far] is do it in a sustainable way and over a longer period of time, and I'm disappointed about that." Rangnick has also confirmed Luke Shaw will miss the next four or five weeks of action, too. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And United will also be without Edinson Cavani and Fred for Saturday’s match at Old Trafford. "Five players will still be missing for tomorrow and some of them probably for the upcoming games,” he stated. “You've already mentioned Fred and Scott, Raphael Varane will still be missing out, Shaw, who had his bolts and metal stuff removed from his leg and Edinson Cavani - those are the five that will be missing." On Shaw specifically, he added: "As it seems, he will be out for another at least four weeks, if not five weeks. “So I think for him it will be difficult to be available for one of the remaining seven games."