Daniel Ricciardo says he would love to win the world title with McLaren to say ‘I told you so’ to Red Bull and Christian Horner. The popular Australian said he had “no regrets” over leaving the team and said several factors were behind his departure. He left Red Bull in 2018 to sign for a midfield Renault team in what turned out to be an unsuccessful move. He switched to McLaren last season and picked up his first win since leaving Red Bull at the Italian Grand Prix. But with Red Bull back fighting for titles, many are pondering whether Ricciardo’s move was the right one. However, he defended his decision, hitting back at the “narrative” surrounding his Red Bull departure. Speaking to Australia’s Herald Sun, he said: “Obviously, I would love to win a title with McLaren and then kind of say ‘I told you so’ or whatever. But I appreciate until that happens then there will probably be that narrative with a lot of people. READ MORE: Max Verstappen concerned for ex-Red Bull team-mate Daniel Ricciardo  “That’s okay, it doesn’t bother me. I also knew that it was going to come with the territory of leaving a big team and obviously at the time I felt like that was the right thing for me. You kind of stand by that and it really did feel like the right thing.” His comments come after Horner took a swipe at Ricciardo for leaving the team. He claimed Ricciardo’s decision to leave the time was “spectacularly bad” timing as his doubts were proved unfettered. He said: “Daniel could see Max in the ascendancy and he didn’t want to become the second driver. His timing was spectacularly bad because obviously he had doubts about the Honda engine and then [Honda] went on to prove it was a competitive power unit and a race-winning package.” DON'T MISSLando Norris agrees with Daniel Ricciardo about Australia track change [INSIGHT]Daniel Ricciardo backs McLaren to win race this year despite bad start [ANALYSIS]McLaren boss Zak Brown calls for Monaco GP change with race under fire [COMMENT] Ricciardo has still backed Mclaren to turn around its poor start to the season. The team has been unable to brush off pre-season concerns with just one points finish so far this season. The Australian star said: “If we were to come and win a race at some point this year, I wouldn’t actually be surprised because I still believe in the team and the process we have in place and the people we have in place to get the job done.”