Leave a legacy for your family – not the taxman! The notable wealth mogul Warren Buffett is often quoted as saying: "Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone else planted a tree a long time ago." You too can pass on the baton of wealth and ensure it remains within your family – there’s little point in working hard throughout life without being able to pass it on. Protecting and retaining your wealth can be achieved with careful planning, and you will be pleased to know it can be simple and extremely cost-effective. You should always seek professional legal advice to ensure your plans are suitable as they can easily go wrong when you least expect. Inheritance tax, generational wealth or legacy planning was once the preserve of the rich and wealthy. However, the rise in property prices over the last few decades and the decrease of the nil rate band has pushed many into the "rich" bracket. READ MORE: Inheritance tax receipts hit record highs - how to legally reduce IHT bill in new tax year You may not feel you’re living a luxury lifestyle, but that doesn’t mean you’re not asset-rich. Inheritance tax (IHT) is unofficially one of the most hated tax and you may be with the majority in thinking it’s unfair to be taxed on wealth built up over one’s lifetime. However, with careful planning it is one of the only taxes you can reduce (or get rid of completely), meaning you can relax and leave your assets to your heirs – but you must plan! You have the power to choose from an array of methods to drive down inheritance tax – helping you to legally save up to hundreds and thousands of pounds. Each person has an allowance of up to £325,000 (£650,000 for married couples) free of inheritance tax, technically known as the nil rate band; anything above is subject to 40 percent tax. DON'T MISSNew inheritance tax 'get around' becoming more popular [BUDGET] 'Fantastic tool for inheritance tax’: Use pension to mitigate payments [EXPERT] Number one side hustle rule for financial success [HELP] Suppose you plan on leaving your main home to your children. In that case, you could benefit from Residence Nil Rate Band (RNRB), an additional nil rate band introduced in 2017 that allows an additional increase of £175,000 to your nil rate band (£325,000). This means that if you are married, you could gift your main residence and pay no inheritance tax up to £1 million (£325,000 + £175,000 x 2). The additional allowance is only available on the main residence and is not applicable for other properties. The following exclusions also apply: • Properties above £2.4 million (properties above £2 million will have their allowance reduced by £2 for every £1 above; if the value of the property is £2.4 million or above the relief will be lost entirely). • Unmarried couples will only benefit from half of the RNRB. • Only children, stepchildren, foster children, grandchildren or children under guardianship can benefit – anyone else is exempt. * Note that IHT allowances and tax are based on 22/23 and are subject to change in the future and may be different depending on your jurisdiction. * The following figures, including nil rate band, tax-efficient allowance, tax and qualifying criteria, are subject to future changes. * The IHT figures provided are for general guidance, and you should seek financial advice for personal recommendations. You may not feel you’re living a luxury lifestyle, but that doesn’t mean you’re not asset-rich. You may think why bother, as you won’t be around when it’s applied. But organising your estate will mean less money to the taxman and more to your loved ones. Secondly, it is unlikely that your heirs will be able to access your estate unless the inheritance tax is paid, and if they don’t, you may end up pouring all your years of hard work down the drain. So, ask yourself, can you afford not to do anything? It’s not the most compelling thing to do, and I’m sure you could think of a million other things that tickle your fancy. However, the earlier you address any IHT liabilities, the easier it is to put an effective solution in place. Too often, people fail to address IHT because they may not understand their options and feel it will be too complex. There are a variety of options available, and therefore it is likely there will be one to suit you regardless of your needs and circumstances – so explore them all. Copy extracted from THE MONEY EDIT: Your No Shame, No Blame Guide to Taking Control of your Money by Makala Green, published by Yellow Kite £16,99