Out of all the players who can benefit from Erik ten Hag’s arrival at Manchester United, Donny van de Beek is arguably top of the list. The Netherlands international was, around this time last year, set to be offered to Borussia Dortmund as part of a swap deal for Erling Haaland. But, now, is seems like his immediate future will be at Old Trafford. A year ago, 90min reported that United had designs to use Van de Beek in a swap deal with Borussia Dortmund for Haaland. The midfielder had only arrived from Ajax mere months previously but was struggling for action under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, who had wanted Jack Grealish instead. Van de Beek barely played during his first full season at United and then proceeded to spend the summer bulking up, trying to get in shape. He did just that, working closely with the club’s fitness coaches to ensure he could hit the ground running this term. United, ultimately, didn’t propose the swap deal they’d been planning. They signed Jadon Sancho instead, paying £73million to finally land the England international after missing out on him three times previously. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And they knew Dortmund wouldn’t let Haaland go as a result, with the Bundesliga giants unwilling to lose two players in the same transfer window. This summer, things will be different. Haaland is no longer at the top of their wishlist, with their wretched campaign under Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick ruling them out of the race. It’s Manchester City and Real Madrid, instead, who are pushing to land the Norway international - while Bayern Munich are dark horses, too. And Van de Beek is likely to be given a second chance at United when Ten Hag takes charge. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag In January, United decided to let the Netherlands international leave temporarily in order to get some much-needed game time. Van de Beek moved to Everton but he’s struggled there as well, despite appearing to have earned the trust of Toffees manager Frank Lampard. But it doesn’t appear to matter to United how the 25-year-old performs at Goodison Park. And that’s because Ten Hag has already decided the former Ajax star, who he managed in Amsterdam, will be part of his plans. When they were together, it was a good relationship - one that worked wonders for both player and manager. Under Ten Hag, Van de Beek established himself as one of Europe’s most-promising midfielders - especially after he drove then to the Champions League semi-finals in 2019. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And that’s why, as another new era at Old Trafford nears, the Netherlands international is gearing up for a United return. Rangnick didn’t fancy Van de Beek. Neither did Solskjaer, even if he regularly told the media he was happy to have the playmaker at the club. But Ten Hag knows to coax the best from his compatriot. And if Van de Beek can finally live up to expectations at United, it’ll mean his £40m move wasn’t money down the drain. Dimitar Berbatov, meanwhile, thinks the Everton loanee will be delighted with the news that Ten Hag will be United’s next manager. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Things haven't worked out so far at United for Donny Van de Beek, he's currently on loan at Everton and he will be back at Old Trafford in the summer," Berbatov told Betfair. "He will get a chance to show what he can do and he has worked with Ten Hag before at Ajax, which is always a good thing, having that connection is great when you're a player. “Let's hope he can resurrect his career at Old Trafford. "For a player, the relationship with the manager is probably the most important thing. “Van de Beek used to work with Ten Hag and he will know that he trusts him on the pitch, he will be free to explore, take chances, make mistakes and not worry about being substituted if he makes a bad pass. “When you have that trust you have that freedom on the pitch and it is a great feeling, trust me."