Teddy (played by Milo Clarke) was left devastated earlier this year on Casualty when he was diagnosed with a heart condition called Atrial Septal Defect, meaning he has a hole in the heart between the upper chambers. This has meant his job as a paramedic has been on the line as he has had to avoid being put into stressful and high octane situations. However, it might not be this which results in his death on the BBC medical drama as he gets some more news in Saturday night's episode of the television show. However, will this mean heartbreak for Jan Jennings (Di Botcher) as he finds her nephew dead? The drama begins as Teddy tries to keep his promise to his mother, Gaynor Gowan (Maxine Evans), he won't be a paramedic anymore. In upcoming scenes, he will hand in his letter of resignation at the hospital but he is shocked to think no one got in touch with him whilst he's been off recovering. Teddy soon starts to piece the jigsaw together when he discovers his mother has hidden a get well soon hamper from him. It is addressed by his co-workers, leaving the paramedic to wonder why his mother has been trying to cut his contact with his friends at the paramedic station. Before any of these questions can be answered, the youngster finds himself involved in a situation with Emergency Department regular, Al. READ MORE: Jack Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jack Millar now? Unfortunately, the man is homeless and so Teddy runs around trying to sort things out for him so he can be safe and well. In the midst of all this, Gaynor tells her son she is ready to move to Manchester and he is going with her so she can keep an eye on him. Instead of following her orders, Teddy gets into the back of an ambulance to help his auntie Jan find Al, who has gone missing. They eventually find him collapsed at a nearby den but as Teddy tries to play her of the hour, he is almost killed in the process. As he tries to save Al, the ceiling of the den collapses on them both, leaving them trapped for a short time. When Teddy emerges from the wreckage, he seems to be fine apart from being exhausted by the day's events, which is more than he's done in weeks. Arriving back at the ambulance station, Jan discovers her nephew's resignation letter and reads how much the job means to him. From her point of view, it is clear he doesn't want to leave, despite Gaynor making demands for him to put this all in his past. As the auntie sits down with her nephew, she is asked why no one got in touch with him whilst he was away from work. It suddenly dawns on him this was deliberately done by his mother to think no one cared about him enough, which would have made him want to leave. DON'T MISS...Holby City legend Amanda Mealing details whether Connie will return [COMMENT]Casualty legend Amanda Mealing on 'chaotic' Coronation Street job [INTERVIEW]Casualty's Amanda Mealing blames Queen for Coronation Street chaos [COMMENT] When he confronts Gaynor, he breaks the news to her he is not going to Manchester and he is shocked by her response. Instead of apologising for her actions and feeling remorse, she tells him she is still going to move to Manchester but when she goes, she is never going back. In theory, this means she will be cutting all ties with her son but it could be she will live to regret her harsh words. This is because when she leaves him alone, Teddy could suffer an episode with his heart due to the stress he has been put under. The incident with the roof collapse earlier in the day wouldn't have helped but it would be his mother who dealt the fatal blow. With no one around to help him, Teddy could collapse to the floor and die if he doesn't get the treatment he needs quick enough. Going back into the ambulance station, Jan could find him unconscious and taking him in her arms, she would try to wake him up. However, with her expert medical knowledge, she would know he is already dead and she is just wishfully thinking it could be a mistake. The pair have developed a mother and son-like bond in recent months so this would have a huge impact on Jan going forward. But will she blame her sister for the youngster's death and how will Gaynor respond to the news her son has gone forever? The actor who plays Teddy, Milo, recently spoke about his character's storyline and the impact the heart condition will have on him going forward. Milo explained: "Underneath all the charm and cheek, Teddy is a good paramedic. He takes so much pride in his job, and he loves it; it's the closest job to being a real-life hero. "But Teddy knows how serious the symptoms are – and his world comes crashing down when he gets a diagnosis." On the relationship his character has with Gaynor, he added: "I have a feeling the audience won't like her but everything she says comes from a place of love – Gaynor's scared for her son. "There's a bit of conflict as well between Gaynor and Jan because they both think they know best. Maxine is brilliant, and as soon as the camera was off, she and Di were cracking jokes. We had a great time." Casualty continues tonight at 8:35pm on BBC One.