Vegetable gardens are an owner’s pride. They are planned and planted with great efforts. However, garden pests are one of the most prevalent problems faced by gardeners. Those who own a garden must’ve battled these pesky creatures at some point or other to protect their vegetable garden. The good news is that gardeners need not resort to chemical-laden pesticides. If you know them well, you can arm yourself accordingly to effectively eliminate them. Gardening experts at Permaculture have shared five natural ways to keep common garden pests at bay this spring and summer. They explained that particular essential oils make for “fantastic pest-repellants”. The experts said: “Certain essential oils make for fantastic pest-repellents. “For instance, peppermint oil helps remove squash bugs, beetles, fleas, aphids, spiders and ants. READ MORE: Pests: Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘effective’ ways to banish garden slugs “Clove oil helps keep numerous flying insects at bay. If slugs and snails are destroying your vegetable garden, cedar wood and pine oils can help fight both these vegetable garden pests. “Rosemary oil can help protect your vegetable garden from fleas, flies, mosquitoes and more importantly insect larvae such as the cabbage looper caterpillar. “Neem oil acts as an effective natural pesticide on over 200 species of insects.” Gardeners can also grow different types of plants in their gardens in order to repel pests, according to the gardening pros. DON'T MISS: Weeding tips: How to ‘eliminate’ driveway weeds ‘permanently’ for free [TIPS]Cleaning: How to get rid of limescale from taps using 2p coin - ‘easy’ [COMMENT]Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows [EXPERT] They explained: “Growing only a single type of plant increases the chance of pest infestation as the pests which love that plant might invade the garden in a group and destroy the entire crop. “However, in case of multiple types of crops, the risk is considerably reduced.” What’s more, there are actually “insect-repelling plants” that can deter these pests. The experts said: “Certain insect-repelling flowering plants can also act as natural deterrents to home garden pests. “Celery and broccoli are two such examples. Even herbs like cloves, garlic etc., help keep the pests away.” If gardeners don’t want to spend money on essential oils, they can make their own from these plants. Crop rotation has numerous benefits and reducing the chances of pest infestation is one of them. If gardeners plant the same crops again and again, the pests which love that crop will multiply and wreak havoc on your vegetable garden. Hence, it’s best to change crops every season. For example, those who have planted tomatoes this season can plant cabbage next time on the same plot. The experts added: “These effective natural ways will surely help you protect your vegetable garden from the various home garden pests. “If the infestation is severe, you may want to consider seeking the help of professional pest control experts. “There are several companies which offer natural or chemical-free pest control options for home garden pests.”