Rafael Nadal's injury sustained at the Sunshine Swing might actually be "a bonus", according to tennis legend Chris Evert. The Spaniard wants to take his French Open title back this year, but his preparations for the event have been disrupted after cracking a rib in California. Nadal was playing through the pain of his injury at the Indian Wells Masters, and even managed to beat his compatriot Carlos Alcaraz in the semi-final to maintain his unbeaten run. But the pain proved too much as he lost in the final to home favourite Taylor Fritz. He received treatement during both those matches, and was clearly in severe pain in the final. Despite giving a positive update after the match, upon visiting a doctor back in his native Spain he learned that he had been playing with a cracked rib. As a result, he missed the Miami Open and will also be absent for the start of the clay season. It is a blow for Nadal, who will miss out on important practice ahead of that major at Roland Garros. JUST IN: Casper Ruud jokes about calling Cristiano Ronaldo as 'CR7 is at risk' Despite that setback, Evert believes the time off will be beneficial to Nadal's chances after a busy start to 2022. "I think with his record this year, he has lost one match so far," she told Eurosport. "He had that streak of so many tournaments and so many wins, and he has had a wonderful start to 2022. I think this injury is a hiccup. I think any time Rafa can rest and take time off, I think is a bonus, is a positive for him. What comes into effect is the years and years and years before. It is not only what happened three or four weeks ago. "He has a myriad, or an abundance, of experience and confidence from years and years and years of pulling himself out of tough matches and being world No.1. I don't think the mental part will affect him. Tennis legend Boris Becker guilty of four charges in bankruptcy caseTennis ace: 'world talks if Nadal or Djokovic fell to barbaric ruling'Serena Williams' future in doubt as coach links up with Simona Halep "He has put his body through the mill the last 20 years and I think the more important thing right now is making sure that he is healthy, especially when you are playing three out of five sets. "Especially when you are playing Grand Slams, seven matches to win, and especially with how well the other men are playing. I think it is crucial that he is 100% healthy if he hopes to win the French Open." Despite his layoff, Nadal will also have the confidence of being the best player at the start of this year, following an incredible 20-game winning streak. The closest to him at the moment is Alcaraz, who won the Miami Open in his absence and has been named among the favourites for the French Open in May. 