Despite links to the Premier League, Paulo Dybala could yet 'betray' Juventus and remain in Italy next season when his contract expires. Dybala will become one of Europe's hottest free agents in July and is unsurprisingly garnering mass interest. Earlier this year, Tuttosport reported that the 28-year-old forward didn't want to 'betray' Juventus by joining another Italian team next season. The report reveals that his intentions left Barcelona and Tottenham Hotspur tussling for his services. Last week, Corriere dello Sport stated that two Premier League clubs had moved for Dybala - Arsenal and Newcastle United. And, boosting hopes of an England switch further, the report claimed his preference was to leave Italy once his time at Juventus is up. However, the latest murmurs from Italy this week suggest Dybala might have performed a u-turn ahead of his Turin exit. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, the Argentine is in talks with Juventus' Serie A title rivals Inter Milan. The intermediary dealing with his next move is set to arrive in Italy next week. JUST IN: Man Utd ace Paul Pogba in the dark over PSG move due to Leonardo If Dybala is interested in staying in Italy, Inter would be one of the few clubs capable of turning his head. The Nerazzurri stole Juventus' Serie A crown last season and are in good shape to retain the Scudetti this season, currently two points behind leaders AC Milan with a game in hand. A new challenge in the form of the English top-flight could also appeal, especially considering he isn't understood to be short of suitors. However, the latest developments emerging from Italy don't make for welcome reading for Arsenal, Newcastle, and Tottenham. READ MORE: Man Utd playing like a 'relegation team' as Glenn Murray takes sly dig Wherever Dybala chooses as his next destination, he will likely view it as the final blockbuster contract of his career as he enters his thirties. Arsenal need attacking reinforcements this summer, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah likely joining Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang out the exit door. Meanwhile, Antonio Conte will have a good understanding of the left-footed forward, most recently from his stint in charge of Inter last term. Dybala is set to be one of a cluster of elite footballers available on a free transfer across Europe. Paul Pogba's Manchester United exit seems inevitable, whilst one of the world's top stars, Kylian Mbappe, is also out of contract at Paris Saint-Germain. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here