CBS hit procedural drama NCIS returned with another thrilling episode which left fans calling for more episodes focused on Nick Torres (played by Wilmer Valderrama). This came after viewers saw a vulnerable side of the agent after his past was unpacked.  Since his first appearance in season 14, Torres had remained a heartthrob for many fans and became a fan-favourite for solving cases by going undercover. However, his confidence and ambition was also seen as intimidating to some as he was labelled cocky for some time. Despite this, viewers often got to see a caring side of his personality as he always went out of his way to fiercely protect those he cared about. In the most recent episode titled: “Last Dance,” viewers saw a more vulnerable side of Torres as his past caught up with him and left him feeling overwhelmed with emotion.  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton in double affair drama The agent had sought professional help for his trauma and saw professional therapist Dr Grace (Laura San Giacomo) who questioned his sobriety. She identified his undercover work, and relationships with his father and Ellie Bishop (Emily Wickersham) as contributing factors to his burdens. However, in a shocking twist, Torres faced even more trauma after the criminal from a previous investigation was released from prison and looking for him. This came along with a triple homicide for the team to investigate.  It was soon revealed, in the past, Torres had gone undercover as Carlos Salazar to successfully arrest Raymundo Diaz (Joseph Melendez). To accomplish this, Torres had also begun dating Diaz’s cousin Maria to gain better intel on him. However, unbeknownst to the agent, Diaz had bribed his way out of a Mexican prison and after already killing three people, he was searching for Carlos Salazar. Maria, went into witness protection after she flipped on Diaz which she only agreed to do after Torres lied and said he would go into protection with her, as she had no idea she was dealing with a federal agent  DON'T MISS...Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series [INSIGHT]Emmerdale theory: Meena Jutla's secret as not related to Manpreet [THEORY]NCIS: Why did Cote de Pablo leave NCIS as Ziva David? [INSIGHT] Fans enjoyed watching a more Torres-focused episode and took to Twitter to share their excitement. This included @MayriaShainee who wrote: “I’m loving this Torres storyline! I need more because he has a TON of baggage.” @Lizzy2891 remarked: “I love Torres even more now after tonights episode.” @Amber_Wallace75 stated: “Torres undercover past is so twisted I love it.”  After discovering Maria could be in danger, Torres was escorted to her hideout, where she had been living as Anita, a telemarketer. When she was nowhere to be seen, he agreed to go into witness protection as his life was in danger, however, once he reached the safehouse he drowned his sorrows in alcohol. While drunk, he heard a noise in the hallway, so he took his gun, only to discover it was Maria. The two reconciled and Torres later admitted to Dr Grace, seeing her stirred up feeling he hadn't felt in six years. With this revelation, viewers could be in for more Torres and Maria storylines, perhaps with a potential romance. NCIS is available on CBS in the US. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 