Speaking in a new interview, Richard Madeley, 65, said he heard Judy “slam” the phone down following a call with her obstetrician. As a result, he feared she had received bad news. He was worried about the news she had been given but, in fact, the obstetrician had called to share their baby’s gender. Fortunately, it was good news for the former This Morning hosts. Judy was excited to share she was expecting a baby girl and it’s a memory Richard has never forgotten. The couple married in 1986 and share two children: Jack and Chloe. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies causes stir with sultry bikini pic Appearing as guests on a recent podcast episode, Judy elaborated by saying she wasn’t “best pleased” when she found out she was pregnant again, because she’d recently had her son, Jack - but that all changed when she discovered the baby’s gender. She sheepishly described her daughter as “an accident”. Judy said: “I had twin sons [from a previous relationship], and then I had Jack. “Then we have Chloe and Chloe was, as they say, an accident.” Chloe, now 34, was born in July 1987. Judy added: “We had no idea.” “We were certainly not trying for another baby when Chloe was conceived, [it] came completely out of the blue and… she's only a year younger than Jack so it was really close together.” Judy had mixed feelings when she discovered she was pregnant again. DON'T MISS: Insight into Brooklyn Beckham's star-studded brunch [UPDATE]Al Pacino, 81, leaves restaurant with Mick Jagger's ex-girlfriend, 28 [LATEST]Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress [PICTURES] She explained on the White Wine Question Time podcast: “I can't say I was best pleased at the idea of going through it all again. “But as soon as I discovered she was a girl, I was absolutely thrilled to bits.” Richard said: ”I remember hearing the landline going [and thinking] ‘Oh God’. “[I] remember the phone ringing in the hall downstairs and hearing Judy having this muted conversation." The 65-year-old continued: “And when I actually heard the phone being slammed down, I thought ‘Oh God, this is bad news. What the f**k is happening?’ “And then I heard Judy running up the stairs and the bedroom door bursting open and she [was] stood there in a dressing gown, hair awry… “She said ‘We're having a girl!’ “I've never forgotten it.” Judy added that she “really liked the idea of having another female presence” and she revealed that their daughter Chloe is expecting a baby girl later this year.