Roger Federer has shared new footage from his training session as he continues rehabbing after a third knee surgery. The 40-year-old missed most of the 2020 season to have double surgery on his troublesome right knee and played just five events in 2021 before being forced to go under the knife for a third time. He had previously claimed he would be hoping to know more about a potential comeback in April or May after starting to train properly for the first time since his operation in August. Federer has been delighting fans with a sneak peek at his training sessions as he gears up for a return to competition. After sharing three photos from his practice on Monday, the 20-time Major champion has now revealed more in a new Instagram Reel, showing himself completing various drills. The 40-year-old can be seen practicing his footwork and his swings, as he appears to replicate his backhand and forehand movements with a metal pole. Federer posted the footage without a caption but on Monday said that his rehab was "rockinggggggg" in what sounded like a positive update after almost a year away from the tour. The former world No 1 had made his comeback at the Doha ATP 250 last match after undergoing double knee surgery in 2020 but cut his season short once again after Wimbledon, having suffeed a "setback" with his knee injury during the grass court season. In his last match, he was handed his first ever bagel set at the All England Club as Hubert Hurkacz defeated him 6-3 7-6(4) 6-0 in the quarter-finals. JUST IN: Djokovic has two chances for Rafael Nadal revenge before French Open  Federer has given little away about his hopeful return to competition following his third knee surgery in the space of 18 months. The eight-time Wimbledon champion has already all but ruled himself out of returning at the site of his last competitive match but is already signed up for the Laver Cup in September, this year being held in London's O2 arena. Speaking to his sponsor Credit Suisse back in February, the 103-time tour title winner said he was intent on coming back "one more time" but admitted it was still too early to tell whether his body would allow it. He said: "To give you a little bit of an update maybe I have I think a very interesting and important next sort of months ahead of me. I feel like I will know a whole lot more coming April, you know, where my body is going to be." DON'T MISSAlcaraz fails to emulate Djokovic and Nadal with Monte Carlo defeatDjokovic suffers career first he'll want to forget in Monte Carlo lossRoddick wrong about Djokovic prediction after Monte Carlo defeat   During the February interview, Federer said: "I wasn’t really allowed to run yet and do the heavy workload with jumps and stop-and-gos so I hope that that’s all going to start hopefully in a couple of weeks and then we’ll see how the body will react to that. And that’s obviously what I will need to return to the tennis court. "So I think this question is better answered maybe by April / May but for now of course the drive is there, I’m really motivated to do my work when I’m allowed to do." And it seems the current world No 43 is coping well with an adjustment to the more explosive aspects of training if his social media posts are anything to go by, and fans are hoping it means an update on his comeback could be imminent.