UPDATE: Xur has returned to Destiny 2 today with the sought-after merchant setting up shop in a new location. If you're looking for Xur then you can find the NPC on Nessus. And, if you're wondering what Xur is selling this time around, then here's a list of the Exotics on offer... - Hard Light - Gemini Jester - MK.44 Stand Asides - Nezarec's Sin ORIGINAL: Xur is back in Destiny 2 with the in-demand merchant ready to tempt Guardians into parting with their Legendary Shards for some new Exotics. The sought-after merchant will be setting up shop in a new location today with Xur dropping back into Destiny 2 at 6pm UK time. Xur will be in his new hangout spot until the Destiny 2 weekly reset next week. If you're wondering where to find Xur then Express.co.uk is here to help - we'll be updating this article with Xur's new location once it's found. There are a few locations that Xur sets up shop in - the Tower Hangar, on the Winding Cove on EDZ and in the Tree on Watcher’s Grave at Nessus. Last time around Xur was found in the EDZ at the Winding Cove on a cliff. If you're wondering what Xur had in stock last time then here's a list of the Exotics that were on sale... - Prometheus Lens - Getaway Artist - Armamentarium - The Bombardiers  Xur is returning to Destiny 2 ahead of the latest installment of the Guardian Games which kicks off on May 3. Speaking about the event in the latest This Week at Bungie blog, the Destiny 2 makers said: "Eyes up, Guardian, it's that time of year again. Next week, Guardian Games 2022 will kick off on May 3 and is free for all players of Destiny 2. This event is a tradition and it’s the perfect excuse to get into that friendly competitive spirit. "While the spirit of the annual class battle remains the same, Guardian Games 2022 does have a few changes that players can look forward to. First things first, what determines the winner? Much like previous Guardian Games, participants will be tasked with depositing those hard-earned medallions at the Podium in the Tower. You know the drill: medallions can be earned by completing certain activities and mini quests called Contender Cards and Platinum Cards. These activities are designed to be flexible, so if you’ve got the time, we’ve got those shiny medallions." 