Gordon Ramsay, 55, went back and forth with food critic Jay Rayner, 55, after the pair became embroiled in an online Twitter spat yesterday. The Hell's Kitchen star delivered a brutal response to the famed restaurant writer after he criticised Gordon for "swearing at people" on his new show BBC's Future Food Stars. The on-screen star's new offering began on the network a few weeks ago and sees 12 contestants battle it out to win chef Ramsay's investment to turn their food venture into a business reality. But as the contestants are put through their paces in a number of challenges, emotions often run high. So far on the programme there has already been plenty of tears and clashes between the participants, as well as the host himself. Jay took an opportunity to address Gordon as he called out the TV chef's approach with contestants. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood thanks BBC Breakfast viewer after ITV weather swipe In view of his 353,000 followers, he tweeted: "Is this still all you have @GordonRamsay? "Shouting at people? Swearing at people? Humiliating people? Making people cry? Then punching the air when the cameras turns off?" Catching wind of his post, Gordon took the opportunity to hit back at Jay's claims. In view of his 7.5million followers, he replied: "Jay you inspire me every day…especially after your performance on the Weakest Link. Goodbye."   Their exchange did not end there when Jay reacted to Gordon's previous post. He hit back: "The first time I won it mate. The second time I came third. And neither time did I make anybody cry." Gordon then fumed: "Jay your professional job is stuffing your face on the back of great chefs. When are you going to get a real job?? Goodbye." Jay is yet to respond to Gordon's latest message but their exchange caught the attention of social media users. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood thanks BBC Breakfast viewer after ITV weather swipe[LATEST]Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts in 'emotional' hospital update[UPDATES]Johnny Depp called ex Vanessa 'extortionist c***' in Elton John email[TRIAL] Rose remarked: "Congratulations for calling him out." Shanghai Hannah commented: "I assume Mr Rayner is talking about the new BBC1 show...which is exactly as he described. A producer led character that Mr Ramsey has to portray - shouty, sweary and teaching by fear. Yes, in real life he's lovely. But in 2022, there's no need for that TV persona still!" Gary Clarke tweeted: "He does it when he has to and, to some point, make good TV. However, there are other series that concentrate on his cooking and they are always enjoyable." Piggy wrote: "He is entertaining though Jay. Why change a winning formula of just shouting expletives in people's faces if that works." Andy said: "Just because some people are softly spoken and don't shout, it doesn't mean they can't swear and can't humiliate people or make them cry, so it's OK if you don't shout?" Jason Collins added: "But… some people, myself included, enjoy watching everything Chef Ramsay appears on. You know what I do when something I don’t enjoy is on? I watch something else. Novel concept, I know. Live and let live." Gordon Ramsay Future Food Stars continues next Thursday at 9pm on BBC One. 