Steven Seagal has previously praised Russian president Vladimir Putin, calling him the “greatest world leader”. The actor has now gathered Putin’s allies at his 70th birthday party and told them “I love you all”. Under Siege actor Steven was at a dinner party hosted in his honour on Sunday night, where those present included TV presenter Vladimir Soleviev and journalist Margarita Simonyan, two Russians who have been placed on the EU sanctions list amid the invasion of Ukraine. Steven made a speech to his guests, a translator next to him, and called them “my family and my friends”. “It’s lovely to have you here with me,” he said, while making a toast. “I love all of you and we stand together, through thick and thin.” READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies causes stir with sultry bikini pic Back in 2014, Steven spoke out in support of Russia’s annexation of Crimea, calling the move “very reasonable”. He also labelled Putin “one of the greatest living world leaders”. Self-described Buddhist Steven became a Russian and Serbian citizen in 2016, and the following year Putin gave him a Russian passport, resulting in him being promptly banned from Ukraine for five years. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said at the time: “This was [Steven’s] desire, he had really applied. "He had been really persistent for a long time and had been asking to grant him citizenship. “He is actually renowned for his quite warm feelings toward our country. “He never made a secret out of it, at the same time he is quite famous, as you know, an actor." In 2018, Seagal was made a special envoy for humanitarian ties with the United States by the Russian Foreign Ministry. DON'T MISS... Insight into Brooklyn Beckham's star-studded brunch [LATEST]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show [PICTURES]Will Smith's 10-year ban already wrecking A-list career [INSIGHT] By 2021 he was formally inducted into the Pro-Putin A Just Russia - Patriots - For Truth political party. Last month, Steven told Fox News Digital he considers both Ukraine and Russia “family”. “Most of us have friends and family in Russia & Ukraine,” he said. “I look at both as one family and really believe it is an outside entity spending huge sums of money on propaganda to provoke the two countries to be at odds with each other. “My prayers are that both countries will come to a positive, peaceful resolution where we can live & thrive together in peace.” But aside from Steven, celebrity support for Putin has been dwindling since the invasion that shocked the world. French actor Gérard Depardieu, previously a friend of Putin’s, recently called his military action “crazy” and “unacceptable”. He begged Russia to “stop the weapons and negotiate”, but to no avail.