Season four of Ozark had so much to fit in that it was split into two parts. The concluding instalment of the final season is only a few weeks away, and the show has teased fans with what's to come. The Byrde family have not had it easy in the crime drama, and lovers of the Netflix hit want to know how the show will end. When the trailer for the fourth season landed at the start of the year, a dramatic car crash in the short clip sent fans wild. Continuing on, the show has now shared an image on its official Instagram account, which has viewers confused and reaching out with their theories. Sharing with their 329,000 followers, the show posted an image of the Byrd family gathered outside their car with Wendy Byrde (played by Laura Linney) propped up against it while sitting on the floor. They said: "Crime. It's a family affair. The Byrdes return, April 29." Read More: 'Been through a lot together' Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders after 10 years In the opening few minutes of season four, part one, onlookers saw the Byrd family involved in a car accident where their vehicle had flipped over and landed on its roof. Confusing viewers, the shot then cut to what was present-day for the family with no explanation for the accident. It was unclear if the car journey was a happy one where the foursome were heading back to their roots in Chicago and putting all the Ozark drama behind them or if they were, in fact, on the run from someone. Although the car crash looked like an accident when an oncoming truck veered into the wrong lane, was it actually made to look like an accident to stop them from talking to the FBI?  Fans will have to wait to find out who was driving the truck. All four members are seen awake in the image, but it is unclear if they will all survive the accident and the rest of the season. Wendy Byrde sitting on the floor suggests that she is either unable to stand or walk due to an injury or possibly trapped under something. Even if she survived the initial crash, the dramatic incident could easily leave her with long-term injuries which could impact her future in the show. DON’T MISS…All Creatures Great and Small's Mrs Hall star explains her reluctance for romance [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin heartbroken as Toyah Battersby adopts baby Alfie [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead’s Leah star promises fans zombie series will 'never really end’ [LATEST] Martin 'Marty' Byrde (Jason Bateman) is holding either side of his wife's head as if trying to get her to focus. Any brain trauma caused by the crash could also impede them from returning to what their life was and affect her giving evidence to the FBI. Fans of the show were both happy and sad to see the post. @belladreamhair commented: "Ok. At least I know they survived the car crash. Thxs"  