The French President is facing Marine Le Pen on April 24 for the second and final round of the presidential elections. Mr Macron is currently the favourite to win but his re-election could come with a hefty price to pay. According to Paul Taylor, a contributing editor at Politico, the incumbent leader will have to face popular uproar and months of protests against his welfare reform proposals and his reluctance to give the electorate a proper campaign ahead of the first round of votes. The fact Mr Macron has refused to participate in public debates against his rival, showed his face at one big rally and given out sporadic interviews with radio and tv stations ahead of the April 10 vote, will lead to questions on the "legitimacy" of his re-election, Mr Taylor claimed. He wrote: "In this highly political nation, many feel they have been robbed of a proper election campaign, with President Emmanuel Macron declaring his candidacy just one day before the deadline and continuing his presidential duties until the final week. Macron held only a single rally and a couple of stage-managed provincial walkabouts, while refusing to debate other candidates and declining most TV interviews before the first ballot. "This refusal to campaign kept him out of his rivals’ reach, but it also left the public hungry for a real confrontation of ideas — a partial explanation for the highest abstention rate in 20 years. "If the centrist president does win re-election — still the most likely outcome after he led Sunday’s first round with 27.8 percent of the vote — upheaval is sure to follow, as his opponents have already begun to challenge his legitimacy. "The President of the Senate Gérard Larcher, an amiable rural conservative, warned in the run-up to the vote: 'If there is no campaign, the question of the legitimacy of the winner will arise'. "Such comments fuel the contention of both the radical left and the far right that if Macron wins, he will have no mandate to reform the welfare state. "Anguish over soaring food and fuel prices have raised the spectre of another wave of grassroots Yellow Jacket roadblocks, and trade unions have vowed to fight his flagship manifesto pledge, which would raise the official retirement age from 62 to 65. "In a country with a long tradition of taking to the barricades, another popular revolt against a president often perceived as arrogant and technocratic is highly likely. Strikes for higher pay and against pension reform could kick off within weeks after the August summer holidays." READ MORE: Putin's economy in freefall as Russian Railways crashes into default Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen attacked the French president on Tuesday accusing him of attempting to lure left-wing voters with a "manoeuvre" on pension reforms. She said: "It's a manoeuvre by Emmanuel Macron to try to win over, or at least to mitigate the opposition of the left-leaning voters." Campaigning in France's former industrial heartland, Mr Macron on Monday said he was prepared to readjust his planned pension reform, which is at the core of his programme for re-election. "I am ready to change the timeline and say we don't necessarily have to do a reform by 2030 if I feel that people are too anxious", Mr Macron said. He was also prepared, he said, to "open the door" on pushing the country's retirement age from 62 at the moment to 64, rather than 65, his initial proposal. "There is nothing to expect here from Emmanuel Macron. He will go all the way to the end with obsession, because it's a reality that the minimum (retirement) age of 65 is his obsession", said Ms Le Pen. DON'T MISS:Humiliated Putin purges more than 150 intelligence staff [INSIGHT]China secretly sends massive arms shipment to Serbia [VIDEO]'Boris has surrendered!' Fury as PM caves in fishing row with France [REACTION] French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire, an ally of President Macron, told broadcaster CNews that Mr Macron had not changed his plans on the pensions reform and is still "totally determined" to carry out the reform. "We will stick to (the minimum age of) 65, but there will be options for discussing details," said Mr Le Maire. Manuel Bompard, the head of the campaign of far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, who came in third in the first round, said he did not agree with Mr Macron's or Ms Le Pen's retirement proposals. "I tell Macron this: If he really wants to appeal to our voters ... he has to make a clear commitment," he said. Speaking on Public Senat television, Bompard pointed to the possibility mentioned by Macron of carrying out a national referendum on the minimum pension age. An Ipsos-Sopra Steria poll cited by Public Senat said 23 percent of Melenchon voters would now support Macron, 15 percent Le Pen and a further 62 percent did not take a position.