Amber Heard once hit her friend Rocky Pennington in the face for no reason while out shopping, her psychologist has claimed in court. Dr. Shannon Curry also told Johnny Depp’s legal team she believes the actress suffers from histrionic personality disorder and borderline personality disorder. Dr Curry told the court she gave Amber a psychological evaluation, meeting with her twice and spending a total of 12 hours with her to gather information. The doctor claimed Amber exhibited symptoms of histrionic personality disorder including “flowery language” but with little substance, and a “quick shift between emotions”. Explaining the other symptoms she noted in Amber, Dr Curry told the court: “Minimising any personal externalisation of blame; a lot of hostility that is attempted to be controlled. "A tendency to be self righteous but to judge others critically. Dr Curry told the court she gave Amber a psychological evaluation, meeting with her twice and spending a total of 12 hours with her to gather information. The doctor claimed Amber exhibited symptoms of histrionic personality disorder including “flowery language” but with little substance, and a “quick shift between emotions”. Explaining the other symptoms she noted in Amber, Dr Curry told the court: “Minimising any personal externalisation of blame; a lot of hostility that is attempted to be controlled. "A tendency to be self righteous but to judge others critically. “To claim being non-judgemental but really be full of a lot of rage; a lot of inner anger and blame - which can explode out at times; passive aggressive behaviour and self-indulgent and self-centred behaviour; manipulative; needy and seeking approval. “Being highly socially sophisticated, with a capacity to reveal some of their own faults but only the smaller ones that are socially acceptable." She continued to say that Amber was the “36 code type”, which typically includes traits such as  "a lot of cruelty, very concerned with their image, very attention seeking and prone to externalising blame to a point where it's unclear whether they can admit to themselves they have certain responsibilities, a lot of suppressed anger which can explode out and issues within their relationships". The psychologist added that “36 code types” are often “terrified of abandonment” and exhibit “explosive anger” when they fear their partner might leave them. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!'Johnny Depp says he was domestic violence victim amid text 'shame' Dr Curry added that patients are “very, very interested in their looks” and often act “overly flirtatious” or in an “overly girly” manner to avoid criticism. Meanwhile, she added that in borderline personality disorder patients, women will initiate violence in a bid to get hurt, and then use the legal system against their partner. She used the example of a woman getting a restraining order against their partner - something Amber did with Johnny in 2016. Dr Curry also told the court Amber “feigned” symptoms of PTSD, though she added that this doesn’t mean the actress was never abused. Earlier on today, Bahamas estate manager Tara Roberts told the court Amber called Johnny a “washed up actor” who would “die a fat, lonely old man”, and claimed Amber was “clawing, grabbing at [Johnny’s] clothes... trying to viciously pull him back” after a row, with the actor telling her “you hit me with a can”. Johnny is suing Amber for $50million after writing in the Washington Post that she was a victim of domestic violence. She did not name him, but he says the public nature of their relationship caused his film career to essentially end. Amber, who denies defaming Johnny, has yet to testify in the ongoing defamation trial and is counter suing him for $100million. The trial continues.