Good Morning Britain fans were not fooled by weather correspondent Laura Tobin's April Fools' Day prank, with many branding it "rubbish". For the prank, Laura was broadcasting from a greenhouse where she was handed a unique plant by a guest who was describing its importance. However, she 'accidentally' dropped the plant, with its pot smashing on the ground, which caused the guest to storm off. Matt was explaining how the plant was 'one of a kind' and said he hoped it could be released for sale for people to have in their gardens in two years. Laura replied: "Oh my goodness, so people will be able to buy this plant in a few years' time?" Matt replied: "They will in a couple of years' time once we have bred from this one. Take a closer look because the undersides of these petals are absolutely..." As he handed Laura the plant mid-sentence she dropped it and they both screamed in shock. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? Matt tutted and stormed out of the greenhouse in anger before a worried Laura said: "Matt, we can save this right? "Oh my God, he's just gone. Is there really only one of these?" While trying to salvage the plant, Laura asked the camera crew if Matt was "really cross" and wanted to find him to see if he was okay. Presenters Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard both said the moment was "awkward" and advised her on what to do to rectify the situation.  But viewers quickly realised it was an April Fools' prank and hit out on Twitter. Juniper Berry fumed: "#GMB pathetic. Whose idea was that? #AprilFoolsDay S added: "Rubbish April Fools' acting #GMB." James McGregor exclaimed: "#GMB the April Fools' Day [jokes] with Laura are always so overblown and obvious. Good grief!" DON'T MISS...'Why are you increasing VAT!' Susanna Reid shames Anne-Marie Trevelyan [INTERVIEW]Reeves blasts oil giant 'They've more money they know what to do with' [MUST SEE]Susanna Reid's appearance distracts GMB viewers 'Blinding me!' [REACTION] Mark Nicholas said: "Need to stick to the weather Laura... Great try though! #GMB" Despite the backlash, other viewers found the prank hilarious and praised Laura for her acting skills. Martin T Osburn quipped: "#GMB #lauratobin tv gold, had my family crying with laughter, there is only one Laura Tobin." Patricia Bell added: "#GMB I am absolutely p*****g myself laughing here! That was genius! I did let out a gasp though. How did Laura keep a straight face!?"  This is not the first year the Good Morning Britain team has tried to fool ITV viewers. Last year, Richard Arnold ruffled some feathers when he teased there was a dating show aimed to help pigeons find partners being released. He sold the series as a bird-themed Love Island, but viewers were quick to expose the entertainment editor's prank. Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays between 6am and 9am on ITV. 