Television licences are needed in the UK to watch or stream live programming as it is being broadcast. Managed by the BBC, the licence fee goes towards paying for much of the public broadcaster’s content. In light of the Government’s decision to freeze the licence fee at £159, experts in the media industry sector are sharing their thoughts on why the BBC remains a vital lifeline for many households up and down the country. Phillia Childs, the head of the Broadcasting, Entertainment, Communications and Theatre Union (Bectu) spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about why she thinks the licence fee should remain in place. Ms Childs said: “I think lots of people will turn around and say, ‘I never watched the BBC or I never use the BBC at all’. But I think the statistics show that almost 100 percent of people use the BBC at some point. “From my perspective, it's a huge value for money actually. If you think about it, it costs 43p a day. For that people get everything that is on, not just TV, but also on local radio, national radio, online. “I think the public get huge amounts from the BBC, and obviously, extremely high level, popular dramas. Every list of viewing figures that you see the BBC always comes out pretty high in terms of its viewing figures. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  “It's incredibly good value for money. The BBC licence fee costs £159 a year. There's a statistic that says that if you had to subscribe to get similar things that the BBC provides, that you'd have to spend £400 a year on subscriptions to do that. “From my point of view, for people who are parents, there's great content for children. For people who are interested in the environment in the countryside, there's things that will appeal to them. “If you're religious, there's Songs of Praise. It provides a huge range of different programming that you just wouldn't get from anything other than a public service broadcaster.” As a union, Bectu represents many BBC employees and freelance workers who have taken up contacts with the public broadcaster. For Ms Childs, this offers her a unique perspective into the impact the BBC has on the good the organisation does for many regions which have been historically left behind. She explained: “It's hugely important in terms of the people that it actually employs, but even more so for the freelancers who work on their production. “The BBC is a pipeline for the UK Creative Industries, they do an awful lot around training and development and giving people opportunities in the industry. “The fact that the whole creative industry is such an ecosystem that actually, I don't think any other organisation outside of the BBC does quite as much in terms of investing in its workforce. "The BBC are about to set up this huge apprenticeship hub in Birmingham, which is really important. I think people forget, because lots of critics of the BBC like to talk about it only attracting the Islington elite. “But actually, since they've moved out to Salford, and up to Wales, and filmed things like Peaky Blinders in Birmingham, there has been a huge investment in the regions. “They're really playing their part in the levelling up agenda and it's providing not only jobs for people in those regions, but also opportunities for the freelance workforce in the regions as well.” Many people have suggested a subscription service-based model that would be an ideal alternative to the compulsory licence fee. However, Ms Childs believes this is unlikely to be a viable option for the broadcaster and defeats the purpose of the BBC’s mandate. She added: “It's a good superficial argument, isn't it? 'If these dramas are so good? Why can't they just be on subscription?' “But I think that misses the point. If you think about the BBC's role during lockdown, for example, when it really pivoted all of its operations to informing us about Covid and providing the briefings everyday. “Also, it provided the BiteSize education for children, which really was a lifesaver for an awful lot of parents. “Netflix weren't doing that. Amazon wasn't doing that. So I think it's a red herring, the whole subscription argument.”