Bus operator Stagecoach will carry out on-road testing of the full-size autonomous vehicles in advance of possible passenger services beginning later this year. Sam Greet, regional director of the company in Scotland, described it as a "hugely exciting project". He said: "This is a major step forward in our journey to fully launch the UK's first full-sized autonomous bus service and will provide easy access to a brand-new bus route in the heart of Scotland." Five single-decker buses will be trialled in different parts of the country including the Forth bridge and a tram interchange in Edinburgh. The autonomous vehicles will however have a safety driver ready to step in. READ MORE: Driver fined for parking on motorway hard shoulder The buses are packed with sensors which will allow them to navigate roads that have been selected for the trials. Eventually the buses will provide services capable of carrying up to 36 people at a time, adding a further capacity of 10,000 passengers a week. Stagecoach has partnered with specialist company Fusion Processing and Transport Scotland for the scheme which has also won backing from the UK’s Centre for Connected and Autonomous Vehicles. Jim Hutchinson, CEO of Fusion, said he was "delighted to be leading the world's most complex and ambitious autonomous vehicle programme". DON'T MISSElectric vehicle charging network will be 99 percent reliable [REVEAL] UK drivers spent over £18billion on car repairs last year [INSIGHT] Driver fined for parking on motorway hard shoulder [SHOCKING] The testing in Scotland comes after successful off-road trials, track testing and virtual simulations. Stagecoach said those were necessary to finetune the driving systems. In the summer each bus will have an experienced driver monitoring the system alongside a bus captain who will move around the vehicle and speak to customers about the service. There are six levels of driving automation, with zero to two meaning a driver must constantly supervise and is always driving, while three to five allows the vehicle to drive itself. Mr Hutchinson added: "On-road testing is an exciting milestone in the development of autonomous commercial vehicles and we look forward to welcoming passengers onboard in a few months' time." Last week in the US Elon Musk announced Tesla would be building a driverless taxi he boasted would be cheaper than a bus ticket. Musk revealed new details about the firm’s ‘Robotaxi’ to shareholders this week during a quarterly update and said it could be cheaper for people to use than a standard city bus. He also confirmed that the car won’t have conventional controls at all. He said that the electric car firm plans to begin mass production of self-driving taxis in 2024. Musk announced: “We are also working on a new vehicle that I alluded to at the Giga Texas opening, which is a dedicated robotaxi. “It is going to be highly optimised for autonomy – meaning it will not have a steering wheel or pedals. "There are a number of other innovations around it that I think are quite exciting, but it is fundamentally optimised to achieve the lowest fully considered cost per mile or kilometre when counting everything.”