The UK has many incredible gardens for tourists to explore. A new study has named the top spots. HouseFresh used Tripadvisor data to find the best gardens in the world as rated by travellers. While Gardens by the Bay in Singapore was named the most beautiful public park in the world, there are a few stunning spots closer to home. England’s best garden was named as the gorgeous Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew in London. One Tripadvisor reviewer said: “Absolutely wonderful! The day we spent at Kew Gardens was one of our most enjoyable ever! READ MORE: Canary islands weather warning as storm hits Lanzarote “The palm and temperate houses were amazing especially when we climbed up to the gallery of each. “Also loved walking through the extensive gardens with their array of beautiful spring flowers and tree blossom.” Another said: “The gardens were far larger than I’d expected and we could have easily spent a full day there. “Each of the glasshouses is an hour or so to properly appreciate. The gardens were beautifully maintained.” The most beautiful garden in Wales was named as Bodnant Garden in Tal-y-Cafn in Conwy. Bodnant Garden is managed by the National Trust and is a Grade 1 listed historical gem, showcasing plants from all over the globe. The Garden has a rich history and was home to Britain’s earliest magnolias brought from China in the late 1800s. Bodnant also has Wales’ largest collection of UK Champion Trees which provide incredible sights all year round. Champion trees are the largest trees of their species growing on the British Isles. One reviewer said on Tripadvisor: “Beautiful gardens and property accessible for all. Daffodils at their prime in the pastures and woodland, amazing rare examples throughout.” Another said: “Loved it here, stunning walks and views. So many well kept plants, shrubs and amazing huge trees.“Would love to visit every season, the spring flowers and colours were amazing.” One said: “So much to see in the large grounds with a variety of beautiful water features as well as some wonderful trees and nice walks. “Lovely views of the surrounding countryside and if you go far enough there is a nice viewing area down to the river and beyond.” Meanwhile, the most beautiful garden in Scotland was named as Princes Street Gardens by reviewers. A stunning urban park, Princes Street Gardens are located in Edinburgh city centre and dogs are allowed on leads. The 1.2km park was once a marsh before it was drained to connect both halves of the city. Visitors can admire the statue of Wotjek the bear, who lived in Edinburgh zoo after serving with the Polish army.