Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince George, eight, have shared a few important royal firsts over the past few years. Together, they attended their first Christmas Day service in Sandringham in 2019 and took part in the following walkabout to meet a few royal fans. In late March, Charlotte and George also attended together the memorial service for Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey. The two young royals were guided by their doting parents Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William as they shook hands and exchanged a few words with the clergymen lined up to meet the most prominent attendees. By going through these important public events together, the little Cambridges are surely going to create a strong bond, according to leading child psychologist Dr Alison McClymont. Asked if these shared experiences can help cement George and Charlotte's relationship, she told Express.co.uk: "Definitely. "Theirs is a unique existence, very few people can relate to that level of scrutiny or responsibility, so the fact that they get to do this together and to share the burden and the joy of the role, is key. "They will have a bond that could be understood by very few others, and also a private intimacy that is probably rarely seen outside of their public roles." Dr McClymont also believes it possible Kate and William are making the deliberate decision to have their two eldest children supporting one another during these major milestones and royal events. She said: "Kate and William have shown to be very protective parents and they are both aware of the challenge of facing public scrutiny. READ MORE: Harry blasted over 'baffling' belief "In William's case, he is aware of the challenge of this at a young age, so likely they want to bring them both together to share the experience and prevent overwhelming the children at a young age. "William has been very vocal about the media and its attention towards the Royal Family so he is understandably protective of his children and wants to make it as comfortable for them as possible, whilst understanding what the preparation needed for their future roles." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are known to be striving to give Prince George, Princess Charlotte and their three-year-old boy Prince Louis a childhood as normal as possible. Not only do they shield them from the public eye and manage their privacy by releasing just a few planned pictures every year, but they are also carefully and slowly introducing them to the concept of duties and their future roles. Prince William himself spoke about his desire to give his children a "normal life". Speaking to GQ in 2017, one year prior to the birth of Prince Louis, the Duke said: "I couldn't do my job without the stability of the family. "Stability at home is so important to me. "I want to bring up my children in a happy, stable, secure world, and that is so important to both of us as parents. "I want George to grow up in a real, living environment, I don't want him growing up behind palace walls, he has to be out there. "The media make it harder but I will fight for them to have a normal life." Prince George is third-in-line to the throne and, as such, he is destined to become Britain's monarch after his father. Princess Charlotte, on the other hand, will be expected to pursue royal duties and support the Crown and the monarchy once she becomes an adult, much like her younger brother Prince Louis. It is not yet known which title she will bear in the future. As the eldest daughter of the future King, she may become the next Princess Royal - but whether this will happen depends on a number of factors. First, Charlotte can't be named Princess Royal if Princess Anne still holds this title. Moreover, this honour is handed at the discretion of the monarch, with the Queen bestowing it upon her daughter only in 1987, despite it becoming vacant in 1965 following the death of Princess Mary.