As Johnny Depp's $50 million defamation case against ex-wife Amber Heard continues, sources have claimed that both Elon Musk and James Franco - originally named by Amber's legal team as potential witnesses - will not be appearing at court. Meanwhile, sensational texts exchanged between Amber and talent agent Christian Carino - Lady Gaga's ex-fiancé - suggested that she was never in love with Elon and should consider "not dating famous men". Followers of the case had been expecting the actors to testify via video link. Yet, Virginia law rules that non-residents of the state cannot be compelled to participate in a court case against their will - and sources have apparently disclosed to The Independent that neither will appear. However, if any deposition had previously been given by either party it could still be used as evidence. Fans were eagerly awaiting Franco's testimony after Johnny told the court that he was convinced that Amber had been having an affair with him. READ NOW: Susanna Reid in 'terrible state' as Piers Morgan recalls GMB aftermath Meanwhile, the news of Elon's absence comes after Christian Carino, an agent at the Creative Artists Agency (CAA), told the court that Amber had never been in love with him. The talent agent, who has previously represented both Amber and Johnny, sent a text to the former stating: "You told me a thousand times you were just filling space [with Elon]." The messages questioned why she was worried about her break-up with the SpaceX founder, adding: "You weren’t in love with him."   As late as the summer of 2017 - over a year after she served a restraining order against him and the pair opted to end their marriage - she begged Christian to be a go-between and forward a message from her, according to his court testimony. Emails were referred to in which she commented: "I have written so many notes, can you give [Johnny] one? I don't know how or where to start. "Finally I am single, clear in my heart and mind. I just want him to know I loved him." However, in audio footage heard in court of the pair during their marriage, Johnny asked Amber to cut him with a knife, exclaiming: "You f***ing hate me!" The court also heard yesterday that, despite pledging to give away her multimillion dollar divorce settlement to charity, almost half of her payments to the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) so far had been covered by billionaire ex Elon Musk. The 50-year-old entrepreneur is said to have offered $500,000 to the group, which "fights violence against women" on Amber's behalf. Terence Dougherty, the ACLU Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel, also gave evidence to the court stating that the amount she pledged has not been paid yet, as it was due in installments over a number of years. The case will run until May 19, with Amber Heard set to take the stand next week.