The Labour Party leader branded Russian President Vladimir Putin a "war criminal" as he was asked to comment on reports of mass killings in previously occupied Ukrainian territories. Images and videos have emerged showing murdered civilians littering the streets of Bucha, some 23 miles northwest of Kyiv, as well as bodies buried in mass graves. Good Morning Britain host Richard Madeley questioned Sir Keir Starmer over his views on Moscow and whether Putin should be prosecuted for the crimes committed by his soldiers. Sir Keir summarily dismissed the Russian leader as a "war criminal" and warned he would need to face justice for the "awful war crimes" committed in Ukraine. He also warned those responsible will be "hunted down" to ensure justice is served. Mr Madeley said: "Do you believe Putin is, if you like, a Hitler for the 21st century?" Sir Keir said: "He's a war criminal. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG "This is Russian aggression, it's not only an unlawful invasion for which Putin should stand trial, in my view. "We should set up a trial, a Nuremberg-style tribunal so he can stand trial for the invasion itself. "On top of that, we've got these awful war crimes being committed." He added: "It's very important, I know these things take time, but every single person who's involved in that need to know right now, you will be hunted down for as long as you live. READ MORE: Putin threatens to STARVE Germany in horror retaliation to new 'brute measures' on Russia  "You will be brought to trial for what you have done. "No party political divide, I don't want to start having squabbles with other political parties or NATO allies – let's all speak with one voice. "Every single person involved in any way in those war crimes must be held to account." DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated as Russia suffers £3bn energy loss [INSIGHT] Putin humiliated as Britain refuses Russia's plan to boost economy [SPOTLIGHT] Germany to cut legs from under Russia with tough new sanctions [REVEAL] Sir Keir's comments come as the former head of the British Army said Russia's war in Ukraine increasingly looks "like genocide that is plotted from the top." Lord Dannatt said: "The war crimes are stacking up to the point that it looks like a concerted effort to reduce the Ukrainian population, and that is getting very close to the definition of genocide. "It's absolutely right and proper that all these war crimes are being chronicled and evidence is being gathered. "It is looking to me increasingly like genocide that is plotted from the top. "The top, therefore, must bear responsibility and maybe one day, even if not in a physical court but in a court of history, be condemned."