The Queen, who will celebrate her 96th birthday this week, has already cemented her legacy as Britain’s longest-reigning monarch, which will be marked in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations this year. But royal expert Hugo Vickers – who knows Her Majesty Personally – has said the Queen will be remembered for far more than her years of tireless service. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Vickers said: “I always think she should be called ‘Elizabeth the Steadfast’ like if you’re thinking about ‘Alfred the Great’." The historian helped plan her last three jubilees and has helped promote the Platinum Jubilee. He said: “She has always had such a clear vision of what it is to be our Queen.” Mr Vickers said he might also dub her “Elizabeth the Conciliator”, due to her natural ability for diplomacy and soft power. He said: “I do think that that is one of the things that she has done – made a huge contribution in making things better. “In a sense, making things better for the rest of us, moving things on, inching things forward, step by step, opening the door, and then hoping that others will carry on the good work.” JUST IN: Prince Harry in TEARS as Prince knocked 'sideways emotionally' by sweet Meghan gesture During her extraordinary seven decades on the throne, the Queen has lived through pivotal moments in world history, from the end of the British Empire to the Covid pandemic. Although, as Sovereign, she is expected to be politically neutral, the monarch has played an important ‘soft power’ role for the Government over the years. Her Majesty has travelled to more than 100 countries and hosted scores of visiting heads of state at Buckingham Palace. Mr Vickers praised the Queen’s diplomacy during these engagements and the opportunities they provide. He said: “A state visit, for example, is diplomatic, but it does give the possibility for politicians to meet up. “Sometimes then, sometimes later and for lots of overseas trade and all sorts of things like that, which follow.” The royal historian has also witnessed first-hand the Queen’s deft approach during foreign visits. He accompanied Her Majesty on a visit to Russia in 1994 where the monarch was hosted by President Boris Yeltsin. The landmark three-night trip came just three years after the Soviet Union was dissolved. Mr Vickers claimed the Queen’s visit helped open up the country for business, following decades of Cold War tension with the West. DON'T MISS: 'Harry's expression says it all!' Duke and Meghan Markle's body language analysed [LATEST]Prince Harry once wore 'budgie smugglers' at Invictus Games event: 'Meghan will love them' [INSIGHT]POLL: Should young royals start taking over more duties from the Queen? [ANALYSIS] He said: “I know after the Russian visit, there was a lot of interest by people who would go over there and then try to make deals with the Russians and things like that. “And that’s also very important. Of course, with the Commonwealth, when they all get together, a lot of it is economic, as well as political and diplomatic. “You could say she’s a superb Alka-Seltzer.” Now, however, the Queen is winding down her public engagements and official duties, as her health demands she takes a rest. On Thursday, April 21, she will mark her 96th birthday. Princess Elizabeth was born on April 21, 1926 at 17 Bruton Street in Mayfair, London. As well as marking her own personal birthday, the Queen also celebrates the official birthday of the Sovereign. This is usually held on the second Saturday in June and is a far more extravagant occasion – this year will be even more so, as the nation revels in an extra-long weekend from June 2 to 5 to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee, marking 70 years of the Queen’s reign.