The outgoing BBC Political Editor announced her departure in December 2021, and this week it was made public that she would be taking over the highly popular Sunday morning slot from Andrew Marr. Ms Kuenssberg has been in the role since 2015 and was the first woman to ever hold what is widely considered one of the most important jobs in British journalism. She said regarding her new appointment: “I couldn’t be more delighted. For decades, Sunday morning has been the moment to explore the events that shape us and to challenge and listen to our politicians. “It’s an honour to take the chair for that conversation in the 2020s.” Charlotte Moore, the BBC’s chief content officer, said: “Laura’s one of the BBC’s biggest talents and I’m delighted she’s becoming the new face of Sunday mornings. “I’m very much looking forward to seeing how she makes the show her own.”  READ MORE: Kuenssberg reflects on 'seven dizzying years' as BBC political editor Ms Kuenssberg will leave her current role in April 2022. In her final article on the BBC News website entitled “Signing off after seven dizzying years”, Ms Kuenssberg offered “a heartfelt thank you” to readers and viewers “for following the extraordinary events of the past seven years along with me. "This won't be the last article I write, but it will be the last one in my job as the BBC's political editor.”"There'll be more to come, from a different chair, in a few months' time.” According to the BBC, Ms Kuenssberg will take over the Sunday morning slot in September. However, an official date has not been given by the broadcaster. Sophie Raworth has hosted the show in the interim after Mr Marr left, and it is believed she will stay in post until then.  DON'T MISSBBC Three’s £80m relaunch branded ‘waste of money’ after viewing stats [REPORT]Sunday Morning viewers baffled by presenter shake-up [INSIGHT]BBC’s Clive Myrie makes savage quip about Will Smith Oscars slap [REPORT] Ms Kuenssberg has been paid between £260,000 to £265,000 per year as BBC Political Editor. However, she is likely to get a pay rise when she changes roles, with Mr Marr receiving between £335,000 and £340,000 annually while presenting the Sunday morning show. Her full salary will be published in the BBC’s annual report, which is published every summer. It is believed an announcement about the new BBC Politics Editor will be made imminently. Sky News presenter Sophy Ridge and the former Guardian political editor Anushka Asthana are two of the possible replacements reportedly waiting to hear if they have been given the top job.