Jon Kay made it clear he thought changing the leadership of the Conservative party is a bad idea as he listed a number of reasons why the Prime Minister should not call a general election. Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Labour party, Reeves, insisted the country needed a change of leadership with her obvious choice for Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer. However, BBC Breakfast's Kay explained if both Johnson and Rishi Sunak resigned there would be “no functioning government”. Kay began: “But can you imagine? Imagine this morning Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak resigned, what state would we be in then? “In terms of leadership, in terms of strategy…” Reeves cut in: “But what leadership?” “But seriously, you would have no functioning government,” Kay hit back. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage “We’re in the middle of an economic crisis, there is a war going on not very far away, seriously, do you want a general election?” Reeves argued: “Well during the Gulf war, the first Gulf war, the Conservatives got rid of Margaret Thatcher and replaced her with John Major. “That didn’t change our resolve in terms of the Gulf war, the House of commons is united in terms of our response to Ukraine and we are united in terms of our support for NATO.” Unimpressed, Kay continued: “I was the reporter who met Brenda from Bristol in the street when she said ‘Not another one.’ “I’m just trying to imagine what Brenda would say, if she heard you talking about a change at the top and then maybe going to the polls again. “Do people really want that right now?” Reeves argued: “Well, were calling for the Prime Minister to resign and that would mean the Tories choosing a new leader, somebody who would stick by the rules, somebody who respects the fact the rules apply to everybody. “That is the change the country needs right now. DON'T MISS...GB News guest on what Tory MPs are using to determine Boris's fate [VIDEO]'I don’t care Johnson broke the law' Edwina Currie on GMB [WATCH]Nick Ferrari calls for reality check over partygate fines [LISTEN] “I want a Labour government, of course I want a general election and a chance for Labour to serve again. “But what is very clear today is that the Chancellor and Prime Minister have run out of road, it’s time for them to go.” “Who should they choose?” asked co-host Sally Nugent. Reeves laughed: “That’s for them to say, the person I want for Prime Minister is Keir Starmer, that would be a choice for Conservative MPs and that would be a choice they should make because their constituents and their country are sick of these lies, sick of people who think there is one rule for them and one rule for everybody else. “That’s why I think the Chancellor and Prime Minister should at last, do the honourable thing.” BBC viewers were torn over the interview with Charlton Dreaming complaining on Twitter: “#bbcbreakfast Emotional presenter presenting Tory apologist false line to Rachel Reeves that there is war & you can’t change leader. “Surely, more important to remove a pm so brazen a liar & bereft of decency. Is there anything that Tories & Johnson wouldn’t resign over?” Andrew Ashton added: “Unbelievable line of questioning to Rachel Reeves, almost as if it’s Labour who are rocking the boat. #BBCBreakfast.” BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.