The 95-year-old Queen, who contracted coronavirus in February, made a video call with NHS staff and patients last week. She told them: “It does leave one very tired and exhausted, doesn’t it? This horrible pandemic. It’s not a nice result.”  Queen Elizabeth is not usually very open with her feelings about personal illnesses. She usually defers to the famous royal mantra ‘never complain, never explain’. But this video was quite revealing of the Queen’s personal struggle with long Covid. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the Queen’s body language during her quite revealing video call.  She said: “The Queen might speak about the tiredness caused by coronavirus but body language, thankfully, shows no signs of weariness or even slowing down here. “She also doesn’t hijack the stories of the medical professionals with any out of character appeals for pity. “But she makes it a more general comment of empathy instead,” Judi claimed. She continued: “Video calls might appear to be the easier option for the Queen right now but they still require high levels of body language energy to keep track of a conversation and to show enhanced listening signals to make up for the lack of personal, real communication.  “The Queen’s video energy is extraordinary here, her eyes are constantly scanning to keep up with the changes of the speaker. “Her facial responses are on time and en pointe with each change, from smiling and laughing to looks of sympathy, looking perfectly congruent and authentic,” the expert noted. Judi added: “Her responses are rapid, probably more so than many of us mustering up for the third video meeting of the day.” When Buckingham Palace announced the Queen had tested positive at Windsor, it was said that she had “mild cold-like symptoms”.  While she had her weekly audience with the Prime Minister, she did not appear on scheduled video calls. She has also pulled out of this week’s Maundy Service in Windsor for the first time ever due to her mobility and handed responsibility to the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall. However, she has stoically continued video calls and audiences. Four key events are said to be considered priorities for the Queen to attend in person, including the state opening of Parliament in May, the Derby at Epsom, the Trooping of the Colour in June and a special service at St Paul's Cathedral that same month to mark her Platinum Jubilee.  The Queen, who is turning 96 on April 21, marked the opening of the Queen Elizabeth Unit at The Royal London Hospital last week, of which she is patron. Wearing a floral dress with a pearl necklace, she said the staff’s work was “splendid”. The Royal London Hospital has served the residents of east London for the past 280 years. It was granted its royal title by the Queen during a visit in 1990 to celebrate the 250th anniversary of its opening on the Whitechapel site. 