Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea has branded the club's attackers as 'not good enough' after they failed to muster any real chances after going behind in the 1-0 loss to Everton at Saturday lunchtime. United have won just one of their last five Premier League games as their top-four hopes continue to crumble under Ralf Rangnick. The Red Devils started the game as the better side at Goodison Park, and Jordan Pickford had to be called into action in the opening stages. But the Toffees slowly grew into the game and went 1-0 up after an Anthony Gordon strike deflected off Harry Maguire to send Goodison Park into pandemonium. United were left chasing the game for over an hour and the youngster's strike turned out to be the difference. United's forwards failed to produce anything of note at 1-0 down and De Gea told reporters post-match that his team-mates 'weren't good enough' after they lost their eighth league fixture of the season. JUST IN: Man Utd 'have approached Everton for Richarlison' but face competition "We don’t score, we don’t even create proper chances to score," De Gea said post-match. "I don’t know what to say, to be honest. We’re not good enough, that’s for sure. "It’s going to be very difficult now to be in the top four." The Red Devils are three points off the Champions League qualification spots, although Arsenal have two games in hand. Rangnick also berated the performance of his players after they failed to properly test one of the league's worst defences. "If you don't score a single goal in 95 minutes you have to be disappointed," the German said. "We made a good start to the game, had control over the game in the first 25 minutes. "We should have created more chances out of that domination in the first 25 minutes. Then we conceded a deflected shot, a goal after a deflected shot, and after that lost a little bit of our composure and stride. "[In the] second half we tried to add more creativity and verticality with our substitutions, but didn't always take the right decisions. In the end we couldn't score a single goal in 95 minutes."