Heather Dunn, 39, visited the Trafford Centre in Manchester on Tuesday at around 7pm and found a parking space when another vehicle pulled up behind her. As she tried to lock her Nissan Juke, the mother-of-two was unable to do so and noticed that two men and a woman sitting in the car behind were “staring at her”. At that point, Heather decided to move her car to another parking space some distance away, saying she was able to lock her car easily. Heather, who lives in Bury, said she wanted to warn other drivers to ensure their cars are locked before leaving them. She said she fears the people might have been jamming her signal in an attempt to steal the car. The incident was reported to the Trafford Centre’s security and she claimed she was told by a member of staff that this was not the first report of people's car fobs not working in the car park. READ MORE: MINI Electric review Heather added: “I arrived in the car park and pulled up in a parking space. I went to get my coat out of the car and noticed a car pull up behind me with two guys and a girl. "I tried locking my car but nothing was happening. I opened and shut all my doors again but nothing was working. “Then I went round to the front of my car and it locked. "I realised they must have been doing something to jam the signal. I got back in the car and looked at them in the wing mirror and they were looking away from me. DON'T MISSHolidaymakers’ cars left in muddy fields [SHOCKING]Drivers vent their anger at EV owners who don’t have chargers [COMMENT]New EU speed limiters which may be mandatory in all cars slammed [WARNING] "I moved my car and then it locked straight away. I rang the Trafford Centre yesterday and they said this is not the first time this had been reported," she told Manchester Evening News. Heather said she was informed by the security manager that they would look at the CCTV cameras and pass the registration details of the car for Greater Manchester Police to investigate. She said she was unable to get the registration of the car because she was so anxious that she “just wanted to get away from them”. Criminals can use jamming devices to intercept signals between a keyless car fob and the vehicle, allowing them access to the car. This is becoming a common occurrence with thieves looking to target cars on driveways or on streets as more cars use keyless technology. Drivers are urged to move their keys away from their doors at night or to invest in a faraday pouch to block any signals from being accessed from the key. Heather said there were lots of parking spaces nearby and there was no need for the other car to pull up directly behind her. Heather continued, saying: "It was only because I was getting my coat out and I didn’t hear the car click that I realised it hadn’t locked. “I want to make people aware to make sure their car is definitely locked. "If I hadn’t checked I would have come out and my car would have been gone. That is pretty scary. “I am guessing they were just trying their luck." A spokesperson for the Trafford Centre told Express.co.uk: "We are investigating this customer report and reviewing CCTV footage from the evening. “Our security teams are always alert to any customer concerns and we continue to carefully monitor our car parks at all times." 