Jimmy Savile’s monstrous sexual abuse of hundreds of children and women over several decades came to light after his death in 2011. Rumours had long lingered around the entertainer’s off-screen activities during his career in the public eye. The disgraced DJ and philanthropist was the face of flagship BBC programmes such as ‘Jim'll Fix It’ and ‘Top of the Pops’. Savile’s claim was part of the handwritten five-page manual titled ‘Guidelines for members of the Royal Family and their staffs’. A new Netflix documentary, ‘Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story’, explains how he sent his PR guide to Charles. On a page of the document titled ‘personal observations’, Savile claimed he was well-placed to comment on the Royal Family’s public image due to his many visits to their royal residences. He wrote: “Because I get into St James’s Palace and Buckingham Palace on a regular basis, one thing is becoming quite obvious. “There is a strong movement now towards some members of the family and their staff towards an … attitude.” The guide was sent to the royals a month after the Lockerbie disaster of December 1988 when Pan Am Flight 103 was bombed over Scotland, killing 270 people. Prince Andrew was chosen as the royal to visit the town of Lockerbie, the scene of the tragedy. However, the Duke of York drew fury over his remarks, which were deemed insensitive, including that the disaster was “much worse for the Americans”. Part of Savile’s guidelines detailed how the royals should respond to major disasters like Lockerbie. He wrote: “The Queen should be informed in advance of any proposed action by Family members.” DON'T MISS: Queen Jubilee 2022 dates: The four-day bank holiday schedule in full [LATEST]Royal POLL: Do you think William and Kate should move closer to the Queen? [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have 'no room to heal' relationship with Royal Family [ANALYSIS] Savile advised that a special unit be created, which should be coordinated by “a special person with considerable experience in such matters”. He added: “There must be an ‘incident room’ with several independent phone lines, teletext etc.” Savile’s authorised biographer Alison Bellamy, who appears in the documentary, unearthed the paedophile’s guide in the files she kept while researching for her book. The Former Yorkshire Evening Post journalist said: “Jimmy is advising them how to do it. “What they should do. How they should act. What they should say. Should they say anything?” She added: “Jimmy seems to be a kind of unofficial chief advisor to the Prince of Wales.” The documentary claims that Charles penned his own response to Savile on January 27, 1989. His letter allegedly read: “I attach a copy of my memo on disasters which incorporates your points and which I showed to my Father. He showed it to Her Majesty.” ‘Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story’ is available on Netflix.