WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Split season 3. BBC's The Split season three returned on Monday night and saw Hannah Stern (played by Nicola Walker) and Nathan Stern (Stephen Mangan) start their divorce proceedings, with Hannah finding out her ex-husband has already begun to move on from their marriage. Fans were delighted to see the Stern/Defoe family back on their screens for the last season in the divorce based drama. However, direct Abi Morgan has teased fans with the idea of a spin-off series after praising the "amazing" work that the actors have done over the last three years. Season two of the BBC drama ended with Hannah confessing to sleeping with childhood crush Christie Carmichael (Barry Atsma) the night before their wedding. Nathan also found out she had been having an affair with her colleague, which resulted in him leaving their family home and Hannah heartbroken. Abi Morgan revealed that the latest season "is set to conclude proceedings with the most dramatic and heartbreaking series to date, as we watch a divorce lawyer confronted with her own divorce”. In an exclusive interview with RadioTimes.com ahead of the season premiere, Morgan said she was still hoping to work with the cast again in the future, claiming there were "more stories to be told". READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits She teased: "Watch this space, I'm sure there'll be news about that very soon. But I really love those actors. I'm definitely hoping I get to work with them again. "And I think we know that there's a real audience and appetite for this world, certainly the world of divorce law, which is just infinitely exciting and fascinating. "There are just more stories to be told. So fingers crossed." Any further information surrounding the spin-off has yet to be revealed, and viewers will most likely have to wait and see how the third season plays out before speculation can begin. On Monday, April 4's episode, Hannah found out that Nathan had a new woman on the scene and was trying to navigate her way through life, knowing he had kept a secret from her. After sitting through an awkward dinner, she looked her up online as well as calling former flame Christie for a shoulder to cry on. Also, her daughter Olivia Stern (Elizabeth Roberts) returned from her gap year in Spain, newly engaged to her Spanish boyfriend and having to tackle the challenges of young love. Will she try and deter her daughter away from marrying him or let her run her own course of love? DON'T MISS...How many episodes are in The Split season 3? [INSIGHT]The Split season 3 episode 1 cast: Who is in the cast? [LATEST]Nicola Walker on seeing Hannah's ex with someone else [WATCH] The youngest Defoe sister Rose (Fiona Button) is still dealing with the miscarriage of her first child and is struggling to feel as excited about the prospect of a family as husband James Cutler (Rudi Dharmanlingham). After a row with James and some time with her family, she soon came round to the idea of trying again for a baby and left him a heartfelt voice note as he was making his way to the family house. However, the family's world came crashing down when was hit by a car and died before making it to the party. Meanwhile, Nina Defoe (Annabel Scholey) was struggling to deal with the task of being a mother and was more interested in her affair with Tyler Donaghue (Damien Molony). In season two, Nina found out she was pregnant with her ex-boyfriend Rex Pope (Matthew Baynton) baby and decided she was going to keep the infant. However, during the marriage celebrations of Tyler and Zander Hale (Chukwudi Iwuji), he kissed Nina, and their affair began. Will they be able to keep the secret from Zander, especially as they all work in the same office? The Affair season three airs Monday at 9pm on BBC One.