Ozark season four part two makes its way to Netflix this week, arriving on April 29. Having been split into two instalments, the second release will feature seven episodes. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time viewers can tune in. Ozark fans are preparing themselves for a bittersweet moment this Friday when the final episodes of the series arrive. The 14-episode final season first aired back in January 2022 and it saw Ruth Langmore (played by Julia Garner) fall on hard times. Having lost her entire family, she abandoned the Byrdes to go in search of Javi (Alfonso Herrera) and seek revenge. Will Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman) leave the rest of his family at risk in order to protect her? Ruth's wrath is about to be unleashed and fans will be pleased to hear they can binge their way through all seven episodes. READ MORE: Ozark season 4 theory: Javi to survive Ruth Langmore shooting The series will arrive on Netflix at midnight Pacific Time, which is 3am Eastern Time. For fans in the UK, the episodes should be available from 8am and this time will be the same for the rest of Europe. All episodes will be available to watch at once, so an all-nighter will be on the cards for some fans. Ahead of the show's release, viewers can gain some insight into what to expect from the trailer. The intense teaser show's Ruth at a funeral for the final family members she has lost. Marty tells his wife Wendy (Laura Linney): "I'm just sick of having blood on my hands, Wendy. "It doesn't bother you?" Wendy then tells her husband: "You are so desperate to be the good guy." Marty explains how the reason Ruth lost her whole family is that she ran into the Byrdes. Wendy then questions why Marty chooses everyone else over his family. She warns: "Don't back out on me when we are almost done, don't do that to me." DON'T MISS... Ozark season 4 theory: Jonah to kill Mel after key Charlotte quote? [THEORY] Ozark's Maya Miller star emotional farewell to Byrde home [INSIGHT] Ozark season 4 theory: Marty to survive final series [THEORY] Marty will face the ultimate test of loyalty as he questions his morals in the final episodes. Ruth is seen shooting Javi in broad daylight before Marty declares: "Wendy, I'm scared." Wendy is keen to pin the blame on her husband after everything they have been through. But Marty reminds her: "We chose this life together." Will the whole family make it through alive? Or will some of them pay the price for their actions? Actor Bateman spoke on the Tonight Show about the show's final episodes. He joked with host Jimmy Fallon: "We all die at the end, is that a spoiler?" Opening up on his last scene with Linney, he said: "The last scene we shot of everything was a big moment. "It's not the last scene in the show but it's the last scene that we shot. There was some melancholy but happy we made it to the finish line."  Ozark season 4 part 2 airs on Netflix on April 29.