The BBC programme, which features Tommy Walsh, expert cleaner Maxine Dwyer and carpenter Asher Edwards, is back as the trio transforms more messy homes across the country. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Maxine has opened up about some of the grim projects she has worked on throughout the series. The expert cleaner went on to add she even had to wear protective gear during one deep-clean. Maxine explained the worst culprits for a dirty home were mainly "young professionals". Recalling one particular couple's home, the expert began: "They were busy, the rooms were immaculate, but when it came to sharing tasks, people didn't want to clean the bathrooms for example. "They didn't want to do that, they were absolutely filthy, and as you saw on the show, it was a complete nightmare to film." Maxine continued: "I had to wear the suit, the Tyvek suit [during the clean] that's how filthy it was." The expert explained "cleaning toilets are a nightmare" as she detailed one particular transformation. Maxine said: "It was just a bog-standard house, but they had lots of children. "So of course, some of them [houses] were kind of grubby from kids' hands and sticky stuff and they asked us about all the stuff in the bottom of the toilet and how to get rid of it." "Some are really bad, quite bad," Maxine went on to add. Clean it, Fix it, which first aired last year, instantly became a hit with viewers as they watched the experts giving people’s houses a grand make-over. Maxine is the expert cleaner on the show, while her co-stars, Ground Force's Tommy and Asher help to build and repair projects within their guests' homes. However, while Maxine is used to seeing some pretty grim things, the same can't be said for poor Asher and Tommy. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star Ralf Little on ‘vindication’ of Neville [INSIGHT]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [NEWS]Channel 4 air Grease despite calls to never be shown again [REACTION] At one point, the duo ended up retching because they couldn't handle some of the sights in the toilets and bathrooms. "Yeah, they did definitely," Maxine laughed when asked whether her co-stars were almost sick. "You'll see that when the episodes come out. It was the young professional's washroom where I had to put a suit on and I asked Ash if I could borrow a screwdriver to dig out the black stuff in the toilet. "They're not used to cleaning and [when we'd go into a house they'd say] oh my goodness." Maxine joked that Tommy's solution to sorting out the cleaning was to "bulldoze" the house down. "He's a builder so of course, he would say that," the cleaner explained. "He would just say, 'There's nothing you can do. It just needs ripping out, [all] the tiles and stuff like that. "And poor Asher, he was shocked, he's just not used to it. He's used to going there with no cupboards and then making new cupboards." Clean it, Fix it airs on Tuesday at 8pm on BBC One.