Tommy Fury rose to fame in 2019 starring in Love Island and has since gone on to follow in the footsteps of many of his relatives by launching his own foray into the world of boxing. While his big brother, Tyson Fury, may be a name the UK public are familiar with, who else makes up part of the Fury family tree? Tommy Fury first appeared on our television screens, in 2019, during the fifth season of ITV’s Love Island. After finishing runners-up with his partner Molly-Mae Hague, Tommy resumed his boxing career and to date has eight wins - remaining undefeated. Tommy is of course the younger brother of boxing heavyweight champ, Tyson Fury, but beyond that who else makes up his family tree?  READ MORE: Man City respond after being offered Pogba as Man Utd ace seeks move Though not much is publicly known about Tommy’s mum, his Dad, John Fury Sr, was a successful professional boxer, earlier in his life. John Sr went on to train his son, Tyson, who would eventually become a two-time heavyweight champion. Tyson Fury is the older half-brother of Tommy, and one of the most recognisable names in UK sport. Tyson is the current WBC and Ring Magazine World Heavyweight Champion and is still undefeated after more than 30 fights.  In addition to Tyson, Tommy has two older half-siblings who are John Jr and Shane Fury. Tommy’s brother Roman is another Fury that has turned professional in boxing. Eagle-eyed viewers will remember Roman from his appearance on Love Island when the finalists were allowed to see family from home. DON'T MISS:Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has three key signings to make after draw [EXPLAINED]FIA ruined Imola drama with dubious delay that hurt Lewis Hamilton [OPINION]Rosberg accuses Wolff of hiding the 'truth in Lewis Hamilton apology [NEWS]  Tommy’s uncle, Peter Fury, is a boxing trainer who coaches his own son - Tommy’s cousin - Hughie Fury. He’s John Fury Sr’s brother and throughout his life has been involved in training other members of the Fury family - including Tyson Fury. Hughie Fury is a 27-year-old pro boxer who currently has a record that stands at 26 wins to three losses. One of Tommy’s cousins, he became the first British boxer to win a gold medal in the super-heavyweight division during the 2012 Youth World Championships.  Finishing with another man who earned his living through boxing, Andy Lee, is a cousin of Tommy’s. Andy is a former world champion at middleweight and now works as a boxing analyst for the streaming platform DAZN. 