Green-thumbed Britons may be keen to get back into the garden as the spring weather arrives, however after a long winter of sudden storms and chilly temperatures, your grass may need a little bit of extra love. Though your grass might have been missing the sun, during the winter months of the UK rain is a frequent visitor. As a result, you don't necessarily need to give your lawn much hydration in the early spring. In fact, according to Gardening Know How, it may be better to wait until the hot weather makes an appearance before starting to water your lawn. Of course, how often you water your lawn depends largely on the weather. If, for instance, your local area has gone a long time without any rain, then your lawn may need to be watered much sooner. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to get rid of limescale from taps using 2p coin - ‘easy’ The experts from Gardening Know How explain: "Don’t be tempted to water your lawn in early spring. "Wait until the grass shows signs of wilt, which may not happen until late spring or early summer – or maybe even later." According to the experts, watering your grass too early may encourage "shallow root growth". As a result, your lawn may then be ill-prepared for hot, dry periods of summer weather, and is more prone to turning brown. Gardening Know How adds: "When you start watering, water deeply then let the grass wilt slightly before watering again. DON'T MISSSlugs: Protect your garden from pests using ‘homemade’ barrier [EXPLAINER] When to start watering garden plants in spring - and best time of day [INSIGHT]Grass care: How to get rid of moss from your lawn using baking soda [REVEALED] "Typically, about an inch (2.5 cm) of water per week is enough." The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) says watering your grass somewhere between "once a week and every 10 days" is "sufficient". The UK-based gardening charity adds: "Ensure that the water reaches a depth of 10cm after each watering. "In the middle of summer, one square metre needs about 20-litres every seven days." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea According to experts from LawnTech.co.uk, you should try to water your lawn in spring during lower temperatures. They recommend either watering at night time or in the early morning. The experts explain: "Apply water to your lawn when it is cooler to avoid evaporation and scorching from the sun." Of course, if there is lots of rain, then you can probably forego watering your lawn.