The 46th President congratulated the First Lady and stated that she had previously been Vice President during Barack Obama’s stint in the White House. Mr Biden, 79, spoke of his wife’s achievements and her commitment to military families after she was declared the USS Delaware’s sponsor in Wilmington, Delaware, on Saturday.   The position as sponsor is supposed to be a lucky charm for the vessel as Jill Biden said: “Officers and crew of the USS Delaware, man our ship and bring her to life.” The crew replied: “Aye aye, ma’am.” Biden mistakenly said: “I’m deeply proud of the work she is doing as First Lady with Joining Forces initiative she started with Michelle Obama when she was Vice President and now carries on.” Joe Biden held the position of Vice President for eight years during the Obama administration.  His most recent gaffe comes after the President made several other blunders, leading many to question his cognitive abilities. The White House are now increasingly used to having to swiftly clarify the mistakes made by the President and they released an edited transcript of the speech. The official transcript reads: “I’m deeply proud of the work she is doing as First Lady with Joining Forces initiative she started with Michelle Obama when she [I] was Vice President and now carries on.” Critics of Mr Biden have used his series of blunders as a reason to doubt his ability to run the White House and question his age and mental capabilities. READ MORE:Ukraine war LIVE: Implement devastating sanctions – mass grave found In light of recent comments made by the President in relation to President Putin and the conflict in Ukraine, republicans and others who stand against Biden claim he is “careless” and poses a threat. Biden recently made a remark that was equivalent to him calling for a regime change in Russia after declaring that Putin “cannot remain in power,” which led to the White House having to clarify that he was instead condemning Putin’s actions. A spokesperson stated: “The President’s point was that Putin cannot be allowed to exercise power his neighbours of the region. "He was not discussing Putin’s power in Russia or a regime change.” DON'T MISS:POLL: Should UK subsidise energy bills of low income families? (POLL)‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show (REACTION)Naga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress (REVEAL)  Author and TV presenter Neil Oliver discussed on GB News the threat of Biden’s off-script comments to united allies who are supporting Ukraine. He called stated that this is a “time of diplomacy, careful, careful diplomacy” and therefore claimed it was “worrying to watch” the President’s actions. Mr Oliver criticised the lack of confidence and strength that is being projected from the Biden administration and added: “Who can say what his state of mind is and how cognitively capable he actually is? “He certainly looks frail, and he certainly looks as if he struggles to keep up with his speeches and message that he’s trying to get across.” He concluded with a warning that Putin should not be provoked especially “because an old man, an elderly man at the end of his cognitive strength, is just carelessly stepping into a potential minefield”. 