The former US President started his speech by joking he was joined by “Vice President Biden” and said “some changes have been made” in the five years since he left - including all Secret Service agents being “forced to wear aviators” and a “there's a cat running around” the residence. He even joked about having to put on a tie for the day.  Obama said: “Thank you. Vice President Biden. Vice President - that was a joke,” to much laughter and applause. He again clarified: “That was all set up. My president, Joe Biden.” He also mocked Joe’s love of ice cream, saying the Navy mess has been replaced by a “Baskin-Robbins”. He said: “Apparently Secret Service agents have to wear aviator glasses now, the Navy Mess has been replaced by a Baskin-Robbins and there's a cat running around, which I guarantee Bo and Sunny [Obama’s dogs] would've been very unhappy about.”   But he also praised and defended his signature healthcare law, which Republicans have repeatedly tried to repeal. Mr Obama said: “Most of all, coming back here gives me a chance to say thank you, and spend some time with an extraordinary friend and partner who was by my side for eight years.” Mr Biden said it “feels like the good old days” as he welcomed former President Barack Obama back to the White House. He said: “My name is Joe Biden and I'm Barack Obama's vice president. Welcome back to the White House, man. It feels like the good old days.” READ MORE: Mariupol surrender video dismissed as Russian propaganda  On Tuesday, the White House announced a new policy that will fill one of the major remaining holes in coverage under the health law. The change, proposed as a new regulation, would allow the relatives of people with health coverage through their employer to qualify for financial assistance if they buy insurance on the Obamacare marketplaces. The change is likely to make affordable insurance available to approximately five million Americans, many of whom have been unable to afford employer coverage and unable to afford buying their own insurance without government help. Health officials in the Obama administration believed that the change was not possible under the law. DON'T MISS:Queen sends heartwarming message for people affected by floods Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan guests 'went off' at weddingMotorists hit by 14 MILLION tickets in 2 years In their speeches on Tuesday, Mr Obama and Mr Biden framed their work to perfect the landmark law as both ongoing and unfinished. Mr Biden also said that it was still under attack by Republicans, claiming they are “unrelenting”. The two leaders have kept in touch since Mr Biden took office. Before announcing that he would pull American troops from Afghanistan, Mr Biden called Mr Obama, both to give him a heads-up and to seek his approval. Mr Obama initially praised the withdrawal, which would turn violent and haphazard, as the right decision. 