Richard Madeley, 65 and Judy Finnigan, 73, first met when the pair worked together at Granada Television in 1982. The Good Morning Britain presenter said the pair were "kindred spirits" and from the first moment they met they had just "clicked". At the time, Judy was married to her first husband David Henshaw, who she tied the knot with in 1974 and they shared six-year-old twins, Tom and Jack. Richard was married to Lynda Hooley for five years before they divorced in 1983, a year after he had met Judy. The former This Morning presenter knew he wanted to marry his other half after their third date - but she was apprehensive about their eight-year age gap. Judy was 34 and Richard was 26 at the time. READ MORE: Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show The pair were admittedly unhappy in their respective marriages before they embarked on their romance. When Richard arrived at Granada Television, the anchor spotted Judy and immediately developed a crush. Judy even confessed she thought Richard's suit at the time was "a bit flash", however since he otherwise "looked nice", she decided to let their relationship develop. She revealed their colleagues were convinced the pair were only involved in "a fling" and were left astonished when they each got a divorce from their other halves.  Judy told the White Wine Question Time podcast while alongside her husband of 36 years: "There was absolutely no doubt in my mind that my boys, who were six, twins, they are - two six-year-old boys were my absolute priority and they had to be. "And as Richard and I got closer, and it was clear that we… you kind of talked about marriage after about three weeks, didn’t you, I remember. "It was clear things were very, very serious." The former This Morning presenter went on to end her marriage to journalist David after 12 years. DON'T MISS... Richard Osman breaks silence following Pointless exit after 13 years[LATEST]Dragons' Den star Sara Davies talks 'scandal' with husband 'I was 15'[ADMISSION]Nadia Sawalha causes stir with latest Kim Kardashian replica look[PICTURES] Judy called off her relationship with Richard after becoming concerned he “wasn’t mature enough”, but they married in 1986. The pair have gone on to have one of the longest marriages in showbiz. The couple celebrated 36 years of marriage this year with Richard previously admitting their mutual respect for each other has allowed their marriage to last. The GMB host went on to describe how their romance moved forward and explained they shared an "intimate conversation" together while they were out on location. He recalled: "Both of us were coming out of marriages that had not worked. We had an intimate conversation about our lives and where we came from. It was one of those great nights." The pair then travelled back to the studio together where they shared a kiss in the back of a taxi. "The cab stopped and we kissed. It was very natural," Richard recalled. "It wasn't a peck on the cheek, it was a very lingering kiss, romantic." He added: "We knew then that this was the beginning of something that wasn't going to end." The couple share Jack, 35, who is a talent manager, and personal trainer Chloe, 34, who is notably married to professional rugby player James Haskell, 37. Judy hosted This Morning with her husband Richard between the years of 1988 until 2001, and that year, the couple were poached by Channel 4 to front their own eponymous afternoon show, Richard & Judy.