Window glass can fall victim to smudges and streaks that sometimes seem to reappear even after vigorous cleaning. However, according to Adam Pawson, head of digital at Safestyle, the answer to "sparkling" glass could be tucked away in your kitchen cupboard. Mr Pawson recommends using baking powder after cleaning your windows to get rid of any residual streaks. He said: "I’d recommend using a spray consisting of one part distilled (white) vinegar to 10 parts warm water which can be applied directly to a cloth before being rubbed evenly against the glass. "For a bit of extra sparkle, sprinkle some baking powder onto the cloth before you add the solution and it will aid the cleaning process. "If you have stubborn streaks which don’t seem to disappear, try going over the area with clean water to help remove any of the remaining solution.” READ MORE: Pink Floyd's David Gilmour lives in Sussex' 2nd most expensive village Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is often hailed for its multi-purpose cleaning uses around the home. The white powder, traditionally used as a leavening agent in baking, works well as a base due to its alkaline properties, which can dissolve organic compounds like dirt and grease. The mineral structure of each baking soda particle also provides a gentle abrasive to clean without leaving scratches behind. DON'T MISS‘Natural’ method for cleaning dishwashers - white vinegar included [INSIGHT]Kill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water [EXPLAINER]Weeding: How to create an ‘affordable’ weed killer in seconds [COMMENT] Before beginning the cleaning process, Mr Pawson says there is an "important" step which is often overlooked. He explained: “Smears on windows can be very frustrating and ruin the appearance of your property but there are plenty of ways to ensure that they disappear. "Most importantly, make sure that you’re using microfibre or paper cloth to remove any dust before you begin." Next, add your solution of one part distilled white vinegar to 10 parts water into a spray bottle. For extra shine, sprinkle baking soda onto a cloth and wipe across the glass to aid the cleaning solution, then spritz your windows. Mr Pawson said: “For uPVC window frames, marks and stains should come off with ease. "Fill up a bowl with some warm water and washing-up liquid and use a soft white cloth to wipe down. "Avoid using a coloured cloth as the dye can stain plastic.” You can tackle any hard to reach areas with an old toothbrush which can help to loosen any dirt, dust and cobwebs. The Safestyle expert added: "Then, use the hose of your vacuum cleaner to get rid of any debris before wiping the area down with an antibacterial product.” Be sure to clean both your interior and outside windows for an all-around clean. Mr Pawson said: "This time of year brings many changes for our plants and trees, meaning that shrubbery and leaves can easily make their way to your windows. "There’s no point in cleaning the inside of your window if the outside is full of muck, so get outdoors and clear your windows of any leaves or petals to give them the perfect finish.”