Motorists across the UK have been reminded about wearing appropriate footwear when operating a vehicle. The RAC has compiled a list of what footwear drivers should wear when driving. Sandals, flip-flops, and bare feet did not make the list. Failing to wear the right shoes for driving is not a crime itself. However, it does breach Rule 97 of the Highway Code and could be classed as driving without due care and attention. The rule states that drivers must have footwear and clothing that "does not prevent you using the controls in the correct manner". If motorists are involved in an accident and the police notice that they have flip flops on, or no shoes at all, they may be found to be "driving without due care and attention". READ MORE: Land Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist This offence carries a £100 on-the-spot fine and three penalty points on the licence. And, if the case goes to court, the maximum penalty could rise to as high as a £5,000 fine, nine penalty points, and potentially a driving ban. Selim Cavanagh, from insurance firm ingenie, said: “[Flip flops] slip off, slide under the pedals, get caught between your feet and the pedals and if your feet are wet, they’ll affect your ability to brake if you need to. “Driving in flip flops can create a dangerous driving environment, and put you, your passengers, and other road users at risk." DON'T MISS Woman hits out at council after it painted a disabled bay around car [SHOCKING] Mother’s fury after car left on driveway for five days [INSIGHT] High insurance prices deter young motorists from driving EVs [REVEAL] The Driving Standards Agency states that suitable shoes are of vital importance whilst drivers are behind the wheel. The DVSA does not advise that anyone drives barefoot because motorists will not have the same braking force as they would whilst they are wearing shoes. If drivers do not have enough braking force this could result in a crash. The RAC added: "While light, flimsy and impractical footwear can be dangerous, so can sturdy, robust shoes, such as walking or snow boots. “It's important to have a good base and grip to apply pressure to the pedals, but you need a certain degree of finesse to manipulate the controls. “ If not, you could strike the brake and accelerator together, producing a heart-in-mouth incident." The RAC says driver’s shoes should: • Have a sole no thicker than 10mm • The sole should not be too thin or soft • Provide enough grip to stop your foot slipping off the pedals • Not be too heavy • Not limit ankle movement • Be narrow enough to avoid accidentally depressing two pedals at once