The Control of Dogs Order 1992 states that all dogs must wear a collar with the owner's name and address when out walking in a public place. Owners that walk their pets without a tag that includes these details could be fined as much as £5,000. Not only can UK dog owners face huge fines but in some cases may even face jail time. People walking their dogs without proper identification could actually be slapped with a six-month prison sentence in the worst-case scenario. Owners who breach the rules are considered guilty of an offence against the Animal Health Act 1981 which is "punishable on summary conviction by a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale".  However, whether an owner decides to include a phone number on the tag is optional. It is also not a legal requirement to put your pet's name on the tag. In fact, many pet organisations advise against owners including their dogs name on the tag as it could put them at higher risk of being stolen. Blue Cross put out a statement, saying: "Even if your dog is microchipped, they still need to wear a collar or tag. Exemptions apply for some working dogs. "We recommend you add your mobile number so you can be contacted at any time in case your dog goes missing." READ MORE: Fury as Corbyn calls for NATO to disband However, pups that are registered guide dogs for the Blind Association are considered exempt from the law. Despite owners now being required by law to microchip their pets, dogs must still wear a tag or firm of identification. The offence, which could be met with a level 5 fine, was previously capped at a maximum of £5,000 but changed in 2015. A DEFRA spokesperson said: "For crimes committed after 13 March 2015, level 5 has been done away with and all criminal penalties expressed as being punishable on summary conviction by a maximum fine of £5,000 or more, or expressed as being a level 5 fine, are now punishable by a fine of any amount (i.e. unlimited). DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated as 'hero' bomb-detecting dog gains 'more respect' [INSIGHT]Sniffer dog called to Harry Maguire's home following a bomb threat [ANALYSIS]Thieves 'threatened to slash dog's throats' if owner didn't pay ransom [COMMENT] "That’s as a result of section 85 of the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012. “Therefore, the maximum penalty on summary conviction will be up to six months imprisonment and/or an unlimited fine.” However, fines are often much lower and prison time will only be issued in rare circumstances. One owner was forced to pay £130 in Sapcote, East Midlands in 2018 after their Cocker Spaniel was picked up without a collar on. 