Speaking on ITV’s This Morning, the expert shared “amazing” news about the possibility of delaying dementia. She explained that research found that you could reduce cognitive decline by learning a second language. Dr Semiya said: “This is amazing. Bilingualism reduces cognitive decline. “So, it’s been found it stimulates your brain - it’s like a gym. “It’s really important to learn another language, keep your brain active.” The study published in the journal Psychonomic Bulletin and Review suggested that bilingualism delays the onset of Alzheimer’s disease. READ MORE: How to spot Covid fatigue: From when it strikes to intensity - the symptom explained This type of dementia is thought to be the most prevalent along with vascular dementia, the NHS reports. The research team looked at more than 20 existing studies to examine the link between languages and cognitive decline. Adjusting the data for socioeconomic status, intelligence, education and geographic location, they compared whether dementia onset differs in people who speak one or two languages. The study found that the symptoms of Alzheimer’s disease were halted by up to five years in bilingual people.  However, their research didn’t show that knowing two languages deters Alzheimer’s disease, it only helps to delay symptoms. Co-author John Grundy said: “Bilinguals and monolinguals eventually show the same number of Alzheimer’s disease cases. “But bilinguals tend to be able to stave off those symptoms for longer. That’s fascinating to me. “Maybe the most surprising thing about the study is the consistency of the effect. It’s a very robust finding.” The study explained that bilingualism strengthens and reorganises the brain’s circuits, helping to stave off the initial symptoms of dementia until later in life. However, this brain exercise isn’t the only one believed to have potent effects. According to Alzheimer’s Society, mental activities could help delay or “even prevent” dementia. They said: “Find activities you enjoy that challenge your brain, and do them regularly. “This could be puzzles or crosswords, but there are also many other activities you could do.” They suggested these activities for reducing your dementia risk: They added that social activities are also good for the brain and cutting your risk. So, you could pair the two up.