Manchester United legend Gary Neville claims Jurgen Klopp's job at Liverpool was harder than Pep Guardiola's at Manchester City. Klopp was appointed Liverpool boss in late 2015, with Guardiola arriving at City the following summer. The German ended the Reds' 30-year wait for a title in 2020, pipping Guardiola's side to the title. Liverpool have also won the Champions League under Klopp, a trophy City are yet to get their hands on. City have won three titles under Guardiola and are leading the way at the top before the much-awaited match against Liverpool on Sunday afternoon. Ahead of the game, Neville waxed lyrically about Klopp. The former England right-back hailed the impact of Klopp on Liverpool. And he highlighted how difficult it has been, with a lower budget, to keep up with this City side. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag told to get rid of Man Utd 'troublemakers' who 'don't like each other'  Neville said on Sky Sports: "I thought Jurgen Klopp looked unhappy in the early part of the season. I thought Liverpool, from where they were with that exceptional standard a few years ago, I thought they were slightly moving down. "The job Jurgen Klopp's done at Liverpool is absolutely incredible. It is unbelievable. "I think it's a harder job than what Pep Guardiola has done at Manchester City. Pep Guardiola is a genius, I think he's transformed football, he will go down in history in having designed a way of playing the game and that's unbelievable in itself. DON'T MISSAmerican billionaire Ken Griffin makes Chelsea transfer promise if takeover gets go-ahead [QUOTES]How Man Utd missed out on 7 world-class stars including Mane and Robben for £46m [TRANSFERS]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel given Real Madrid headache by two stars after Southampton win [OPINION] "But for Jurgen Klopp to go to Liverpool in the position they were in, to compete with this Man City team, with the transfer budget they've had, is absolutely out of this world, it really is. And to play the football he's played, you don't go and watch Liverpool play and see a bad game of football. There's always a good game of football." Liverpool will move above City at the top of the table if they win at the Etihad. However, City can extend the gap to four points with a victory of their own. Klopp spoke about his rivalry with Guardiola at his pre-match press conference this week. And he said that one day he may sit down with the Spaniard to look back at the past few years.  Klopp said: "After we both finish careers we might meet somewhere and sit there for hours and hours and hours and just speak about the different things what we thought before this game and that game and this game. It would be interesting, no doubt about that. "But I really think we should, as a club, enjoy the ride because it is so special." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 