Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel was left enraged after Ruben Loftus-Cheek allowed the ball to slip out from under his foot for a Real Madrid throw-in on Tuesday night. The Blues are in European action hoping to make the semi-finals of the competition for the second season in a row. However, they have plenty of work to do if they’re to make it through. Mason Mount gave Chelsea a dream start against Real Madrid, with the England international blasting past Thibaut Courtois in the 15th minute. However, while Tuchel was delighted with the goal, the German was soon left raging. With Chelsea going for a second, Loftus-Cheek accidentally allowed the ball to slip under his foot and out for a Los Blancos throw-in. And Tuchel couldn’t contain his rage, with the German jumping up and down furiously and shouting to himself in reaction. Chelsea players have, at times this season, found their manager to be too animated on the touchline. It was reported earlier in the campaign that they found him to be almost too critical and brutal, despite his methods often paying off. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Loftus-Cheek was a surprise selection for the match at the Bernabeu. And if Chelsea do make it through to the semi-finals, they’ll fancy their hopes of defending the trophy. Only one team has managed to win the Champions League two years on the trot in the open era. And that was Real Madrid, who actually claimed the famous trophy three years in a row between 2016 and 2018. They beat Atletico Madrid in the 2016 final, two years after they’d beaten their fierce rivals on the same stage during Carlo Ancelotti’s first reign. Real then reigned supreme in Europe again the following year, hammering Juventus 4-1 with Cristiano Ronaldo the star of the show. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And they got the better of Liverpool in 2018, winning 3-1 courtesy of a brilliant brace from Gareth Bale. Speaking ahead of the contest at the Bernabeu, meanwhile, Tuchel refused to give up on steering his side into the semi-finals of Europe’s top club competition. “It is one of the biggest challenges to perform as the away team at the Bernabeu,” said the German. “It is even more difficult if you have to earn a certain result, if you need to win with a minimum of two goals, or maybe even a three-goal goal difference. “That makes it almost impossible and very difficult. “The task is incredibly hard and the challenge is incredibly high given the circumstances of the first leg and where we play and against who we play and at what stage we play this kind of match. “But still it’s worth trying and it’s still a stage where you can also over perform. We need to over perform. “It’s not easy, it’s the opposite, but at the same time it’s a big experience to learn from and maybe an experience to take and over perform.” Real star Casemiro, meanwhile, defended Gareth Bale after the Wales international was whistled by fans during the Getafe win. “I don’t agree with them whistling a player on my team,” Casemiro said. “The support has to be for everyone. When they whistle a player, they whistle all of us. “I didn’t like them whistling the other day: he’s a historic player at this club, he has scored lots of goals, he is important here. “When you whistle a player like that, you’re whistling the club’s history.”