Alejandro Davidovich Fokina has opened up on his off-court relationship with Novak Djokovic after upsetting the 20-time Grand Slam champion on his return to competition in Monte Carlo. The 22-year-old ousted the top seed in his opening match and went all the way to his maiden final at the first Masters 1000 of the clay-court season. Djokovic currently holds a 2-2 win-loss record for the season, having played just two tournaments in Dubai and Monte Carlo. The world No 1 was playing his first match in 47 days when he suffered a shock defeat to the then-world No 46 in the principality, as Davidovich Fokina dispatched him 6-3 6-7(5) 6-1. The young Spaniard managed to back up his win over the top seed by reaching his first-ever career final where he lost to Stefanos Tsitsipas, becoming the only man since Roger Federer in 2006 to reach the championship match after defeating one of the Big Three members in their opening round at a Masters 1000. Following his career-best week and landmark victory over Djokovic, the new world No 27 has admitted he already had a “bond” with the Serb before their clash. "Whenever I have trained with him, he has made it very easy for me,” the 22-year-old said. “We train there at his house, he is a top guy, very nice, close and kind.” Djokovic, who resides in Monaco with his family and is able to call the Monte Carlo Country Club his home club, has spent “a lot of time” with his most recent conqueror - something that may have given Davidovich Fokina the edge in their match. JUST IN: Raducanu 'miles away' from potential as Becker slams early losses   “We spend a lot of time together,” the Monte Carlo finalist added. “I create a good bond, we get along very well.” Davidovich Fokina was also complementary of the Serb straight after his first-ever scalp of the world No 1, saying: “This win is so special for me, I grew up watching Nole and I'm his big fan. "I look at him at every tournament, every match. Here in Monte Carlo, a full crowd of people, against the No, I enjoyed every moment. I'm so happy. I started from the beginning very good because I knew Nole doesn't have the confidence because he didn't play a lot [before this]. Then I had to focus on every point because I had my chances from the beginning and I did it.” DON'T MISSAsh Barty to join Guardiola and Kane in exhibition golf tournamentEmma Raducanu explains why she wore Tottenham shirt in practiceDjokovic could face Nadal twice as part of French Open dress rehearsal    Davidovich Fokina has now withdrawn from this week’s ATP 500 in Barcelona off the back of his run to the final in Monte Carlo, while Djokovic is back in action at the Serbia Open and hoping to get more match wins under his belt after his early exit in Monaco. He faces Laslo Djere in his opening match in Belgrade, with the ATP 250 tournament played in his own Novak Tennis Centre. “I was not fully ready for the tournament in Monte Carlo and I knew that before the tournament started,” he admitted, speaking ahead of his campaign in Belgrade. “However, I need match practice and this is the surface (clay) that requires a lot of time spent on the court during training sessions, and even more during matches. I hope to play more matches in Belgrade than in Monte Carlo.” 