Prince William and Kate have been tipped to be preparing a new long-term strategy that would fundamentally change the roles of Prince and Princess of Wales. Among the core changes, there would be a sensible reduction of "stage-managed events" in order to have more meetings with people and a real feel of the issues the royals are dealing with. A source described as close to Prince William told the Mail on Sunday: "The Duke doesn't like stage-managed events. "When he talks in a speech he wants it to be more natural and credible, an event where he is interacting and reacting to people rather than an event designed around him about what he wants to say. "He doesn't just want to do round-table talks without properly getting to grips with the issues." Moreover, this new plan would see the Cambridges focusing only on a few core issues rather than covering dozens of topics by supporting hundreds of associations and patronages. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here The source added: "There will also be new ways in which to interact with people and become credible and comfortable in five or six core subjects." The goal would be to play a greater role in the charities and patronages the royals would retain rather than spreading themselves too thin. The newspaper also claimed the overhaul plan include the Duke harnessing his media training to make more TV appearances and deploying Kate, one of the most popular members of the Firm, in more solo visits and tours. READ MORE: Eugenie & Beatrice have contrasting marriages - body language Indeed, Kate's solo two-day journey to Copenhagen was a resounding success. The Duchess travelled to Denmark on a mission to learn more about the country's world-leading approach on the early years, which has become one of her main topics of interest. During the trip, she undertook several engagements alone, listening to mothers and experts as well as sharing her own insights. She also met Queen Margrethe II for an official audience and Crown Princess Mary, with whom Kate struck up a friendship more than a decade ago during the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's visit to Denmark. This foreign visit was particularly important as it showed how confident Kate has grown in her royal role since tying the knot with Prince William. The report of the Duke and Duchess' plans for the future comes days after their return from the Caribbean, where they completed an eight-day tour. Their trip was marred with protests, calls for slavery reparations by activists and PR misfires. Moreover, it saw Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness telling the Cambridges during an audience his country was "moving on" - a statement perceived by many as a thinly-veiled announcement the nation is preparing to ditch the Queen as its head of state. However, the tour also showed Kate and William being warmly welcomed by crowds in the three nations they visited. Kate and William were last seen in public last Tuesday, when they attended the service of thanksgiving for the Duke of Edinburgh. Husband and wife arrived at Westminster Abbey for the poignant memorial with their two eldest children - Prince George and Princess Charlotte. Leading them towards the abbey's nave, Kate and William showed their children how to behave during a similar walkabout, with George and Charlotte shaking hands and smiling at the clergymen lined up to welcome them. The service was not attended by Prince Louis who, being only three, was likely deemed too young for this engagement. The boy, however, will likely make an appearance at some of the events planned for the long June bank holiday, during which the Firm and the country will come together to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.