The rampage ended when a man was arrested after being tasered in Bedworth, Warwickshire, just after 8am today. A Warwickshire Police spokesman said: "Shortly after 8am (Saturday, 23 April) officers were called to reports that a number of people had been assaulted in Bedworth town centre. "It is believed a man has walked along Coventry Road and then Gilbert Close where he has assaulted a number of members of the public. "A man in his 20s is believed to have been stabbed and was taken to hospital where he remains in a stable condition. Ten other victims have been identified as having suffered minor injuries and are assisting officers with the investigation." A 33-year-man from Bedworth was arrested in connection with this incident and remains in police custody. A local business owner said that he saw a number of police cars on Leicester Road in the town and saw a man bundled into one of the vehicles. He said the man was walking up and down Leicester Road, near to the One Stop store in the town centre, threatening people, but it was brought to an end when police officers tasered him, Coventry Live reports.  Detective Sergeant Rich Simpkins said: “This was a nasty incident which has left a number of people with injuries and I know this will cause the community great concern. “The public can expect to see a heightened police presence in and around Bedworth town centre to provide reassurance while our officers continue to conduct their enquiries. “We have a man in custody and are not looking for any further suspects in connection with this incident. “We know that a number of people were in the area at around the time of the incident and that there may be more members of the public who may have been approached or assaulted by the suspect. “If you were approached by the suspect or may have witnessed the incident, I would urge you to get in touch. Any information you may have could really assist with our investigation.” Any witnesses or anyone who was approached by the suspect is asked to report this by calling 101 quoting incident number 91 of 23 April. In addition, anyone with mobile phone or dashcam footage of the Coventry Road and Gilbert Close area between 7.45am and 8.05am this morning is also asked to get in touch. Information can also be provided anonymously to independent charity Crimestopers on 0800 555 111. 