At 5pm on Maundy Thursday we are calling on the nation to come together to take a drink of solidarity – and support the fundraising initiative by cheering “Budmo”.  The phrase translates as 'let us be' and is the most popular Ukrainian toast and an apt message to war-mongering Russian president Vladimir Putin.  Last weekend a giant lorry jam-packed with the beer finally arrived at the firm’s Hertfordshire HQ after brave drivers put their lives at risk to transport the drink out of the country and across Europe. With bombs hitting their city Varvar feared their product would go to waste and be thrown away until Euroboozer chief Martyn Rainton heard of their plight. He instantly set-about a special rescue mission to buy the entire stock of beer at a price of €55,458.86. Hundreds of pubs, bars and micro venues selling bottles across Britain including MEATliquor, Hawsmoor and Brewdog have already responded to Martyn’s call to arms and have placed orders to take delivery of the stock at full cost, which will be rolled out before the Easter weekend. All profits will be donated to www.drinkersforukraine.com. Money raised will be used to aid the humanitarian effort, buying food and medical supplies as a priority. But they also hope to make a donation to the government to help support their sterling defence efforts. Martyn said: “We want to make it a national event that at 5pm on Thursday April 14 – Maundy Thursday – everybody kicks off the Easter weekend by raising a glass in honour of our stricken Ukrainian friends. “At the Last Supper it is said that Jesus commanded that people should love one another, he then washed the feet of his disciples as an act of kindness. We won’t be washing feet but will be asking people to dig deep and love one another. Alongside selling the beer to aid the efforts, customers will also be encouraged to make additional donations. Martyn added: "The support so far from pubs, bars, restaurants and retailers has been overwhelming and we are delighted to have the Daily Express’ backing us too.” Martin Dawson of Varvar Brew said:  “Hopefully each and every beer that leaves the country can provide real enjoyment but also play a role in keeping our fight at the front of people’s minds. Our beer is made with a tank full of Ukrainian passion and the finest ingredients so we don’t want to see it destroyed.”