Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two presenter Rylan Clark spoke to Express.co.uk about his ITV colleague Alison Hammond at the Boots No7 Pro Derm Scan launch party last week. While the star said he was glad to see Alison front and centre on a Friday hosting This Morning alongside Dermot O'Leary, he maintained it “should have happened years ago”.      Rylan, 33, has made several This Morning appearances and has also spent time in the Big Brother House, which is where Alison, 47, first found her fame in 2002. Meanwhile, Rylan got his start ten years ago on the ninth series of The X Factor, and has recently revealed that he will be releasing a book entitled 10 to celebrate a decade of working in the showbiz industry. When quizzed about whether he’d host the X Factor if it ever returned, he replied: “But I love Derm. I love Dermot and for me that will always be his.” Going on to speak about Dermot in his Friday slot with Alison on This Morning, the star said: “They're brilliant, love them.” READ MORE: Simon Cowell, 62, unrecognisable at Kids Choice Awards     Rylan then admitted that he “could not believe” how long it had taken the ITV show to put Alison in the spotlight. “Justice for Alison!” Rylan joked, before continuing: “Love her, she is one of the nicest women you could ever possibly know. “I can't believe it's taken this long for her to be front and centre. “It should have happened years ago,” he added.      “I'm so thrilled that she is having her moment and long may it reign!” Dermot also seemed thrilled to have Alison as a presenting partner when he spoke to Express.co.uk about his co-star on the red carpet. He said that, while it took them both “a while” to get settled in their new This Morning gig over lockdown, he now thinks of Alison “like a sister”. When asked what it had been like starting up the job during the pandemic, Dermot responded: “Yeah, it’s great. I mean we love it. READ MORE... Piers Morgan unleashes scathing attack on 'fascist' left-wing [LATEST] Johnny Depp's sister says Amber Heard called him 'old, fat man' [UPDATE] Dan Walker admits 'upsetting' Sally Nugent amid replacement update [NEWS]      “Took us a while. We started without any… We started in lockdown so, you know, I was literally hosting a TV show with someone I met 20 years ago.” Alison and Dermot met two decades back when he interviewed her after she’d just been voted out of the Big Brother house. Since January 2021, the dynamic duo have been presenting This Morning on Fridays, a slot previously occupied by Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford. The pair appear to be getting along like a house on fire, proving to be a big hit with viewers.       Rylan won the 11th series of Celebrity Big Brother in 2013, which launched his career as a presenter in shows like Big Brother's Bit on the Side, This Morning and The Xtra Factor. Speaking in the interview about what he’s got coming up next, Rylan confirmed that he was feeling positive. When asked about whether he had any plans besides his new book, he answered: “Quite a lot, actually. A lot personal and a lot public. “Yeah, a new start personally and a new start professionally. I’m ready.”  