NBC’S thrilling series The Blacklist has had fans across the world hooked with its intriguing storylines since it first premiered in 2013. However, clued-up fans spotted a major error in Dembe Zuma’s (played by Hisham Tawfiq) backstory which was explored in season two.  The Blacklist followed Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (James Spader) as he worked with the FBI task force to crack down on the world's most dangerous criminals. He was a wanted high-profile criminal who had mysteriously handed himself into the police with the list of criminals he compiled over the years. However, he was able to gain immunity for his own crimes after agreeing to help the task force with information. As the series explored Red’s life as a criminal it also dove into Dembe’s background and how the two close friends first met, which is where fans spotted the error.  READ MORE: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview During the episode titled ‘The Mombasa Cartel’ viewers gained an insight into Dembe’s background and upbringing in the coastal city of Kenya. Prior to this, Dembe was introduced as a freedom fighter from South Sudan, but the episode revealed he was the son of Samwel Zuma, a low-ranking operative of the Mombasa Cartel. Due to his connections, Dembe’s parents and siblings were killed while he was sold into human trafficking. As a youngster, he was trafficked until the age of 14, when Red discovered his half-dead body and rescued him from danger. While this was a touching episode for a majority  While this was a touching episode for a majority of fans, an observant viewer spotted a factual error and exposed it on Movie Mistakes. They wrote: “The episode starts with a scene of a household in Koidu, Sierra Leone where a family is killed and a boy taken.” The first error the fan highlighted was: “Mombasa is an island town on the coast of Kenya, not Sierra Leone. “Mombasa wouldn't have a village or poachers or wild animals because it is an urban area.”  DON'T MISS...Charlene White suggests Harry's 'protection' remark aimed at Andrew [INSIGHT]The Blacklist season 9: Fan-favourite return confirmed ahead of finale [INSIGHT]The Blacklist plot hole: Reddington made major historical error [BLUNDER] They added: “And Red later on reveals that the boy who was taken after the family was killed was actually Dembe, whom he found tied up in a brothel in Nairobi, which would again place them in Kenya, not Sierra Leone. “Dembe would be an appropriate name for a person from Sierra Leone, not Mombasa.” While this was a major plot hole, only a viewer who had good knowledge of the African nations would have been able to spot these errors. With The Blacklist currently in its ninth season, it’s likely there will be a number of other plot holes throughout the series.  After Red rescued Dembe, he cared for the child and nursed him back to full health. He also ensured Dembe received the best education, so he could lead a fulfilled life. This paid off, as he was able to gain a bachelor's degree in English literature and could speak 10 languages. Dembe has since taken on the role of Red’s bodyguard, protecting him from people who wanted his head for exposing them to the FBI. The Blacklist is available on NBC. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 