Lee Riley, who is one half of the iconic Gogglebox duo Lee and Jenny, has been visiting the Mediterranean island to see his long-term partner Steve. In a touching post on social media, Steve posted a photo of the pair and captioned it: "So good to have you home my love even only for a week. #happydays #sunshine #letsparty." Gogglebox fans replied to the post with love heart emojis, encouraging the two to enjoy their time together. One said: "Have an amazing break both of you. You really do make a lovely couple, great photo. Much love from this 76-year-old Wiltshire grandma." Another, in reference to Lee's Gogglebox sofa companion Jenny Newby, added: "Have lots of fun you two. Has Jenny joined you?" A third message then read: "Hope you both have a great time in Sunny Cyprus love Carol N." READ MORE: Peter Kay says he’s doing ‘great’ as he makes rare public appearance Lee regularly travels back and forth from the UK, where his films Gogglebox with Jenny, to Cyprus. He and Steve have been together for nearly 30 years and last year Jenny joined them for a night out on the island. Before he departed for Cyprus, Lee and Jenny posted an Easter message on their joint Instagram account, which boasts just under 700,000 followers. The 41-second long video clip was watched by more than 500,000 people and starts with both of them wishing everybody a Happy Easter. Lee then announced that he was going to take Jenny on an Easter hunt around the park. A confused looking Jenny then says: "What?" Lee laughs and repeats: "Yeah, an Easter hunt." J Jenny, still puzzled, asks: "What am I looking for?" DONT MISS:Piers Morgan blasts Sharon Osbourne’s exit from The Talk (PHOTOS)Jodie Comer 'escorted out of theatre over security fears' (NEWS)'All becoming too much' Simon Cowell 'terrified' over 'work addiction' (LATEST) After laughing for longer and louder, Lee replies: "Easter eggs!" Jenny realises what he's talking about and says: "Oh yeah, sorry" before insisting: "I'm not going walking around a park. People will think I'm daft," which she exclaims with a pair of rabbit ears on her head and whiskers painted on her face. Following further laughter, Lee responds: "So you're not going? I didn't think you would. "You'd rather get them out of my fridge, wouldn't you?" Jenny agrees and asks Lee if he has got any in. When he reveals that he has, she reasons: "Well I'll have one out of the fridge. It will save me walking!" The video then finishes with both of them wishing their fans a happy Easter and waving goodbye. The fan favourites were uncharacteristically speechless after watching the scene from Roar, a hit new series on Apple TV+, on Gogglebox. The episode tells the story of a woman who is seduced by a duck. It's fair to say Jenny and Lee are not often left tongue-tied. The best friends from Hull have become hugely popular for their cheeky senses of humour since joining the hit Channel Four show in 2014. Jenny and Lee will often fall into fits of giggles as they give their reactions to the biggest shows on television from their caravan. This week they were seen laughing along as they watched the latest Stacey Dooley Sleeps Over Episode, where Stacey learns what it takes to be a dominatrix. Jenny summed up her definition of what a dominatrix is. She said: "When you are a dominatrix you don't have to have sex with them, just hit them with stuff".