I’m angry enough that many of these so called public servants were, and still are working from home (or in many cases not working at all). But today we learned that the people who run our profligate, underperforming councils are on hundreds of thousands of pounds a year. More than 3,000 are being paid upwards of £100,000, 793 are on pay and perks of over £150,000 and another 234 are on more than the PM who’s on £158,000.  The Daily Express has listed the top ten council fat cats who are earning between £300,000 – and £600,000 a year. Yes, you read that right. Boris gets just shy of £158,000 for running a whole country while some of these useless “suits” are on more than three times that for heading councils that are massively in debt, screaming for Government bail outs and are on the verge of bankruptcy. These salaries would be obscene at any time but in the midst of the worst cost of living crisis since the 50’s they are immoral, particularly when the Government has just given the go ahead for a 5% council tax rise which will cripple many families. But hey the men and women running your council don’t give a toss. They don’t have to worry about soaring gas bills or rocketing petrol prices. No these big shots are taking home a pay packet of tens of thousands every month. How can these people - who if they were in the private sector on that money for running a failing business would be kicked out - look at themselves in the mirror and think they’re worth that kind of cash? How can someone in a top public sector job not care that they are literally ripping off thousands of hard working families? One woman – Croydon Council’s chief exec Jo Negrini - got to walk away from her job with a £613,000 exit package having been in it for just four years. This was after having been criticised in a report by independent auditors into a bungled developed that cost taxpayers £67.5m! On top of that her council had to be given a £120m Government bail out because it was bankrupt despite which it’s STILL in crisis AND the Government has launched a review into “irresponsible spending”. But still Negrini gets to walk away with her £613,000 “reward” for failure.  Anyone who lives in Croydon or who has passed through it recently will see that “failure” writ large because the place is falling apart yet the people who helped make it that way are still raking in obscene salaries. Since it started in 1993 council tax has risen by 250%. And are our services better for it – are they Hell. You could just about justify (some) of those salaries if many of the Chief Execs were doing a brilliant job - providing the very best services for the people in their community. But so many are not. Which is why there needs to be accountability. If a Chief Executive spends our money irresponsibly he/she should be sacked with no payoff. Let them make their way in the private sector with whatever meagre sills they have. But not on the back of hard working families struggling to make ends meet.  These are unelected bureaucrats for God’s sake. We didn’t get a say in their appointments so why are we paying through the nose for their incompetence? These monstrous salaries, a hangover from the fiscally reckless days of New Labour when salaries were jacked up to ludicrous levels, are a betrayal of hard working men and women everywhere. We pay fortunes for third rate services (Hell I can’t even get a new recycling bin!) and those council fat cats get to live a five star lifestyle on salaries paid for by us. No public sector salary should higher than that of the Prime Minister. The woman who ran Croydon Council - terribly badly – should not have been on three times more than Boris. So there needs to be a cap. And if a council performs poorly the person running it should be named, shamed and then sacked. With no payoff. On top of all that there needs to be Commission set up to investigate these salaries but more importantly to tell us if the people getting them are delivering. Because taxpayers deserve better than they’re getting from these money grabbers! 