Three-time Wimbledon champion Boris Becker has been convicted of concealing more than £2.5million from his bankruptcy trustees. Boris could be put behind bars today [Friday, April 29] as he faces his sentencing for flouting his bankruptcy terms. The six-time Grand Slam champion's sentence was the subject of a debate on Friday's GB News and host Anne Diamond fumed over his visit to Harrods. Anne fumed: "You just think what has gone wrong with his life that all of his money has gone and a lot of his credibility, sadly, and today he could be sent to jail. "What the heck has gone wrong with him and his life?" The tennis star told his trial his £35million earnings from his career had been swallowed up by a divorce and expensive lifestyle commitments. Anne added: "You can't just say that was an expensive divorce and custody [battle]." READ MORE: Blue Bloods' Abigail Hawk left in hysterics at season 13 renewal video Radio presenter Paul Coyte, who was part of the debate, replied: "Exactly, it's part of this lavish lifestyle and the way it is said is as though it is expected and this is his life." Speaking about his visit to Harrods on Thursday evening, Anne said: "Before the court hearing he went to Harrods and went in through a private entrance at the back. "I would have just gone there for a coffee." Her co-host Stephen Dixon added: "I have been to Harrods on occasions and I only ever pop in to look and go, 'I'd never buy any of this it costs a fortune.' I've never bought a thing in Harrods."  Paul said it was "almost brazen" of Boris to visit the luxury department store ahead of his sentencing. Anne interjected: "It just shows that is the lifestyle he is used to and he still can't even give it up on the day he could possibly be going to jail." Following her criticism of the tennis star, Anne went on praise his sharp wit from his days of commentating on the sport. She said: "Sometimes he is very funny and absolutely, I was going to say on the ball.  DON'T MISS...Raducanu 'miles away' from potential as Becker slams early losses [LATEST]Becker waxes lyrical about Alcaraz and backs him to emulate Djokovic [SPORT]Tennis legend Boris Becker guilty of four charges in bankruptcy case [EXPLAINER] "But sometimes he is absolutely sharp, but there are other times where he clearly isn't and isn't used." Paul added: "It's just a really sad story and it is a mess really." Boris was found guilty earlier this month of transferring hundreds of thousands of pounds from his business account and failing to declare a property in his home town of Leimen, Germany. He was also convicted of hiding an €825,000 bank loan and €75,000 shares in a tech firm.   Each offence under the Insolvency Act carries a maximum sentence of seven years imprisonment. 