The Walking Dead is set to end after season 11. With the release of the final season's third collection of episodes yet to be announced, fans will have to wait on the edge of their seats to get their walker-free happily ever after. Despite only joining the show in season 10, Lynn believes the show will "never end".  Leah made an impact on fellow survivor Daryl Dixon (played by Norman Reedus), with the two having an explosive love/hate relationship. The 24 episode series is coming to an end with part two of season 11, wrapping up at the beginning of April. With eight more episodes to land later in the year, will the show continue to survive through its comic books, computer games and spin-off shows? Lynn said: "First of all, it's never going to end, even if a character dies, they now have the Tales [Tales Of The Walking Dead]. Read More: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith 'people will beat you'    "So you could have five episodes talking about a character who's dead because you are seeing their backstory." Speaking to Express.co.uk, the actress continued: "It never really ends but let's be honest, the last episode of season 11, we are all gonna grieve. "Because ultimately that part of it is done, and a lot of them [the cast] have had offers for spin-offs, whether they choose to do it or not is going to be interesting. "Because they may want to do something else."  The star has appeared in many films and TV shows but revealed playing a character for too long messes with her head. Referencing her colleagues on their long runs with the show, she described: "Can you imagine playing one character for 11 years? "I can't, I played one character for about a year, and I'm a little weirded out by it as you become [the character]. "It's subconscious, and you are not even thinking about it, it's like you are living two lives." DON’T MISS…Ruby Wax age: How old is Ruby Wax? [LATEST]'Keep my wife's name out of your f*****g mouth' Will Smith hits Chris Rock at Oscars 2022 [LATEST]Coleen Nolan sparks fury as Loose Women fans blast 'fat-shaming' Boris jibe 'Bit personal' [LATEST]   She did let slip her on-screen love interest Norman has a lot more to offer than just acting. "He's actually like a real artist," she divulged. "He's like a photographer, a painter, he is probably an amazing musician and probably dancer, he is like a quadruple threat. Mentioning how he needs a "break" she said: "He needs time to go and explore."   