Chelsea were knocked out of the Champions League by Real Madrid in dramatic fashion on Tuesday night. But despite not being able to retain their European crown, Cesc Fabregas believes that Thomas Tuchel is the reason that Blues fans should remain positive. The former Barcelona and Arsenal midfielder tweeted: “Whatever happens. Chelsea FC are blessed with Thomas Tuchel. What a manager.” After losing 3-1 in the opening leg of the tie, Chelsea needed a huge performance if they were to book their spot in the semi-finals – and they came incredibly close to producing that. After replicating Los Blancos’ scoreline in 90 minutes, Karim Benzema restored his side’s advantage with a 96th-minute header to rescue Carlo Ancelotti’s team. The Blues’ display overall was very impressive and Tuchel’s tactics were near-perfect – especially in normal time. And former Blues midfielder Fabregas thinks that the German coach is why supporters shouldn’t be too disheartened by the loss. JUST IN: Thomas Tuchel tears into ref after Real Madrid knock Chelsea out Chelsea’s focus from the get-go was pinning Madrid into their own half, with Reece James deployed as a centre-back and – along with Antonio Rudiger – were tasked with pressing on and overloading Carlo Ancelotti’s side. Wingbacks Marcos Alonso and Ruben Loftus-Cheek also stayed very wide and stretched the Santiago Bernabeu outfit. Speaking about the tactics, Tuchel explained: “The players lived up to the plan in a very different way than we did against Brentford and in the first leg. We were never shy of making the point that the most important thing is how we live up to a tactic, and how lively we play in a structure. It was to the full limit tonight. The credit goes to the players. DON'T MISS Joe Cole hails Chelsea duo as Real Madrid knock Blues out - 'Elite' Karim Benzema is a Real Madrid superhero as Chelsea suffer CL exit Chelsea star Chilwell fumes at disallowed Alonso goal vs Real Madrid  “We were very disciplined on the ball, and very active off the ball. We showed a lot of courage, and from there we showed the quality. It was the right way to do it. I am very happy. This is the way to go forward. If we have this kind of effort we are a special team, and if not we can lose against anybody. They showed a lot of character. We can be very proud.” Madrid will find out who they will take on in the semi-finals on Wednesday night when Atletico Madrid play Manchester City in the second leg of their tie. City head into the tie with a 1-0 lead after a very defensive-minded Atletico performance at the Etihad Stadium previously.