Explorer Lucy Shepherd will be the latest guest on Express Sport’s ‘Women in Sport’ series, speaking to the Express' assistant head of social Pandora Forsyth on Wednesday April 13th (2pm). The series has already featured the likes of Express Sport’s tennis correspondent Yasmin Syed, McLaren development driver Katie Milner, Olympic boxing sensation Caroline Dubois and BT Sport presenter Jules Breach. The show, hosted by Forsyth, highlights the crucial role women play in sport and is in support of the #SheCan movement. Its next guest will be Forysth, an explorer who has set off on some incredible journeys around the world. Shepherd became the first ever person to trek east to west across the Kanukus, Guyana, one of the last remaining unexplored wildernesses on earth. The 29-year-old was made a fellow at the Royal Geographical Society at 23 and the youngest ever member of the Scientific Exploration Society Council. The expedition, endorsed by the Scientific Exploration Society, is considered to be one of the most remarkable journeys through jungle territory in recent years. Shepherd and a team of four indigenous brothers from local Amerindian conquered the 253-mile trek, following the Kanuku mountains east to west through dense Amazon jungle. JUST IN: Garth Crooks launches attack on 'pompous' and 'flamboyant' Mike Dean They began at the Essequibo River and finished on the border of Brazil. The team climbed mountains as high as 1300 metres, hacked through dense jungle and navigated dangerous caiman-infested rivers. Along the arduous and uncharted route, the team spent 17 days at a time without seeing sunlight due to the density of the jungle’s canopy. They had encounters with bushmaster snakes (South America’s largest venomous snake), were stalked by jaguars, chased by giant swarms of wasps, and forced to climb trees to escape 500-strong herds of aggressive ‘peccary’ (wild boar). “I’m exhausted but elated. It was a dangerous but unimaginably rewarding journey and to see what we’ve achieved together as a team is just incredible,” Shepherd said after the adventure, which was completed in 50 days. DON'T MISS...Djokovic 'loses' to Neymar Jr as Serb prepares for Monte Carlo returnNadal's team offer Barcelona hope amid claims Spaniard will miss eventDjokovic returns from 'challenging' time as ATP slams Kyrgios tirades “The spirit of everyone involved, from my team to the local villagers and farmers who shared their produce, has kept me buoyant throughout the challenge. And to know I have witnessed the beauty of one of last remaining unexplored wildernesses on earth is the reward that will stay with me forever.” Shepherd has been leading and partaking in expeditions for over a decade. At a young age, she discovered the power of film and photography to capture the world’s most impressive scenery. Women in Sport #SheCan will speak to Forsyth about her expeditions and experiences on Wednesday, March 30th at 2pm. It will be available to view live on Express Sport’s Facebook page.