Terrible weather on Spain’s Costa del Sol has caused damage to several beaches. The region was hit by powerful winds last weekend. Many of the local Government officials are unhappy with the amount of money offered by the Government for repairs. The Government has said the whole region will receive at least 2.1 million euros (£1.75m) although the damage just in Marbella is estimated to be at least one million euros (£834k). Jesús Carlos Pérez Atencia, deputy mayor of Vélez-Malaga, said: “I’m tired of hearing nice words and then nothing being done. “We’re working to repair the damage, it has been a disaster. I have been asking for the beaches to be protected for the past seven years, but the Coastal Authority has done nothing.” READ MORE: P&O Ferries cancels all trips this weekend The mayor of Marbella, Ángeles Muñoz, said: “I hope they reconsider, because they need to support a sector which has already suffered a great deal and needs to be compensated for its losses.” Beaches in Marbella, Torremolinos, Fuengirola and the wider Malaga area were impacted by the storm. The region is expecting a lot of visitors in the coming weeks as the Easter holiday period takes off. Special cleaning procedures have taken place to ready the beaches for tourists after the damage. In Fuengirola, some cafes suffered damage to furniture after the waves breached the seawall. Photos of beaches strewn with fallen trees and debris were shared across social media. Spain is one of the UK’s most popular tourist destinations and according to easyJet over 30 percent of Britons plan to travel there this year. Britons need to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain unless they have a recent recovery certificate.  British tourists who have not been boosted and had a second jab more than 270 days ago will be counted as unvaccinated in Spain. Earlier this week, the Spanish Tourism Office issued an apology after it mistakenly said unvaccinated Britons would be allowed to travel to Spain if they took a negative test. However, British tourists no longer need to fill out a passenger locator form when they travel to Spain. It is also thought that Spain may scrap mandatory mask wearing on April 20. Masks are currently still compulsory indoors in Spain. British tourists do not need to take any tests or fill out a passenger locator form when they return to the UK. However, many have faced chaos at UK airports with mass flight cancellations and huge queues. British Airways and easyJet have both cancelled flights due to staff shortages and sickness. Passengers at Manchester airport have faced extremely long queues at security in chaotic scenes.