Jethro Middleton was pronounced dead at the scene after suffering multiple injuries from the fall on Wednesday. The tragic accident happened at the industrial estate in Okehampton during the school holidays. Okehampton College has paid tribute to the year eight student. The college has also planned a memorial and will open a book of condolences at the college after the Easter break to encourage students and staff to be "open with their feelings and share their memories" of Jethro. The college is also offering support to students who have been affected by the devastating incident.  Counsellors will be available to any student who needs support and there will also be an educational psychologist available to help those who need it. Craig Griffiths, the college's principal, said: "It is with profound sadness that we share the devastating news of the sudden, tragic death of one of our students yesterday. "Our most heartfelt condolences and thoughts are with the student's family." In a letter sent to all students, Mr Griffiths asked that Jethro's family's privacy be respected at this difficult time. The principal also wrote that "rumour and speculation surrounding the circumstances of Jethro’s sudden death" should be avoided. READ MORE:Murder probe as woman dies after fall at block of flats The letter read: "This devastating loss will raise many emotions, concerns, and questions for our entire school community, not least of course our students. I want to reassure you that support and guidance is available to help. "Many of our students, and indeed staff, will experience strong feelings, feelings such as anger, confusion, and profound sadness. "We encourage our students and staff to be open with their feelings and share their memories." Following the incident, police were alerted and attended the scene and confirmed that there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding the young boy's death. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry security leaves UK humiliated as Dutch step in [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [COMMENT]Police officers speak to Nicola Sturgeon after breaking OWN rules [ANALYSIS] A spokesperson for Devon and Cornwall Constabulary said: "Emergency services attended the scene where it was reported that a 13-year-old had fallen from a height and sustained multiple injuries. "He received emergency aid but was confirmed deceased at the scene. His next of kin has been informed. "The death is not being treated as suspicious and a file will be prepared for the coroner." The Health and Safety Executive were also informed of the accident. In a statement, the executive confirmed: "HSE attended the scene on Thursday with the Police and we assisted with their investigation. "They have primacy, it’s still unclear whether the death was work related." 