Piers Morgan's new show Uncensored is the first television gig the former Good Morning Britain presenter has taken on since his notorious walk-off from the ITV show. It's been reported remaining staff refused to have the 57-year-old on as a guest, allegedly threatening to "boycott" if his appearance was scheduled. The last time Piers was in the Good Morning Britain studio as a broadcaster, he and weather reporter Alex Beresford got into an explosive row over Meghan Markle. It happened in March 2021 following Piers' admission he didn't believe Meghan's claims she had felt suicidal. When he was considered to be returning as a guest, some ITV staff warned they would "down tools" over the decision. An insider said: "Piers has made it quite clear what he thinks of GMB since he flounced out. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle discovers he's not Faith's son "Barely a day goes by without him sniping that ratings are down, and that he was the best thing about the show." Speaking to the Mirror, they continued: "So it's no surprise there are some who felt reluctant to promote his new gig and threatened to stop working if he came on. There's also a lot of loyalty for Alex." Express.co.uk has contacted GMB for comment.  Instead, Piers appeared as a guest on Lorraine a week before his own show launched. Piers quit GMB following the spat following a strong reaction from the public and his refusal to apologise for his comments. Uncensored launched on Monday on TalkTV, and sees the journalist sitting down with famous faces to address topical issues and stir up debate. During his first show, he launched into a blistering new rant about cancel culture and made fresh digs at Meghan. DON'T MISS... GMB staff ‘threatened to stop working’ if Piers Morgan made return [LATEST]James Heappey ‘embarrassed’ he ‘can’t answer’ GMB question [VIDEO]Susanna Reid hits out at MP claiming male reporters are a boy's club [LATEST] He greeted viewers by stating: "I want to issue an urgent trigger warning. "For all ultra-sensitive, permanently offended, woke snowflakes who may have accidentally tuned in tonight, you’re not going to like this show. "In fact, it’s really going to annoy you. It may even provoke trauma because I’m gonna be constantly the one thing you can’t abide by - free speech." He added: "Fun police - get stuffed. My mission statement for this show is simple: I’m cancelling Cancel Culture. "I’ll defeat this insidious, joyless, societal scourge with those most effective of democracy-preserving weapons: common sense and truth. "And that’s the truth. Not 'your' truth. And definitely not Princess Pinocchio’s truth. "I’ll always fight your corner - and I’ll always have your back." At this point, an animated clip of Megan also appeared on screen with a growing Pinocchio nose. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV, while Piers Morgan Uncensored airs from Monday to Thursday from 8pm on TalkTV.