My God – the arrogance of the man; the self-delusion. What position is he in to protect her when he’s barely seen her these last two years? And how – with zero influence or royal connections – does he aim to do that? And who the hell does he think the Queen needs protecting from – Prince Charles who, unlike him, stepped into the breach and took over many of her royal duties after the Duke of Edinburgh died and while she’s been ill in recent months? Unlike Harry, Charles has been a huge support to the Queen. He, on the other hand, in my opinion has brought her nothing but worry and angst. Or does he mean William, Kate and their three kids who have kept Her Maj going through the last two tumultuous years while Harry and his wife have trashed the royal family and its reputation slating them all as racists. Don’t forget in that Oprah interview Harry also suggested that the Queen and Prince Charles hadn’t been very good parents. Harry also slated his father for cutting him off financially which simply wasn’t true. Does he think heaping all that on a grieving woman in her nineties was protecting her? If the Queen needed protecting from anyone these last two years it’s from Prince Harry, his wife and their cruel accusations. Did he just think they could swan back into Britain and everything would be forgiven and forgotten? If so – that’s bad enough. But to them claim they’re back here because the Queen needs protecting is actually beyond belief. I said in my column last week that he and Meghan came to this country on their way to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands because had they been in Europe and NOT visited the 96-year-old Queen the pair of them would have looked spiteful, loathsome and vindictive. And let’s not forget the two of them are making a Netflix documentary about their lives with cameras following their every move. It would make good film footage if they were seen to be trying to build bridges with the royals – bridges they wouldn’t have had to build if THEY hadn’t smashed them all down in the first place with their accusations. In my opinion this pair has put the Queen through Hell. They didn’t come to Prince Phillip’s memorial. They still haven’t introduced her to baby Lilibet even though they stole Her Maj’s pet name without ever asking her permission. And she’s barely seen young Archie since he was born. Does Harry imagine he’s protecting her by keeping her grandkids away from her? Does he think he’s protecting her by writing a “tell all” book for which he’s being paid millions in exchange for which he will slag off the royal family some more? This book, due for release around the time of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee won't just overshadow her celebrations but I think will heap more hurt and humiliation on a family that I think has already taken so much at Harry and Meghan’s hands. Mind you the fact they had tea with the Queen will make a nice little chapter won’t it? Does he think upsetting his 96-year-old granny by battering the reputation of the institution that she’s devoted a lifetime to building is protecting her? Like I said last week I suspect that visit to the Queen was because they wanted something. And I suspect what they wanted (needed?) was a few minutes film footage of Harry and Meghan talking about how they’d gone to tea with the Queen and how everything was fabulous. I mean how dare he say he wants “to ensure she has the right people alongside her”. It’s got absolutely nothing to do with him who’s alongside her. He’s got no say in anything anymore because as far as the royals are concerned he is nothing. He has no role. So this fanciful notion that he’s somehow her protector is a joke to me. But I think Harry’s state of self-delusion here is worrying. Do he and Meghan not understand the damage they’ve done to the Queen and the Monarchy these last two years? Sorry, but I don’t accept any of this was about the Queen’s welfare or making amends with Granny. I suspect this visit was down to the fact that Harry needs the royal name, the connections and the kudos that goes with it to maintain his and Meghan’s brand. They needed to press the refresh button on their royal status because not having been around the royals for a couple of years it’s been diluted And let's face it, what are they without it – just another self-interested couple whose aim in life seems to be to get very, very rich.