Liverpool have made signing a midfielder one of their priorities this summer and have a plan in place should they fail to sign Aurelien Tchouameni. The Reds face a battle to acquire the starlet from Monaco, with Spanish giants Real Madrid also interested.    Jurgen Klopp has upgraded his defence and attack in the last two transfer windows. Ibrahima Konate was signed from RB Leipzig in the summer to bolster the German’s centre back options, while forward Luis Diaz arrived from Porto in January. The Liverpool boss will now seek to upgrade his midfield in the coming summer market, especially with veteran James Milner’s contract expiring. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain could also depart having found game time hard to come by. The Anfield outfit - who could end the season with an unprecedented quadruple of trophies - have been linked with France ace Tchouameni. Several reports have suggested that the 22-year-old is one of the Premier League club’s main targets. JUST IN: Wayne Rooney ‘tempted’ by Burnley job after snubbing Man Utd role  However, Madrid’s interest will make the task of signing the Monaco ace tougher. Liverpool can point to their success under Klopp in a bid to convince Tchouameni to sign but Los Blancos could blow the Merseysiders out of the water with their vast spending power. Should they fail to sign the player, The Times report that Liverpool’s transfer hierarchy will look for an individual with a similar profile. Tchouameni can play as a No. 6 or as a No. 8 and has excellent defensive qualities. Playing alongside former Arsenal and Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas at Monaco has been important for his development. He is comfortable on the ball and makes excellent driving runs through the centre of the pitch. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel opens up on frank Antonio Rudiger chatAbraham admits Salah inspired Chelsea exit as Tuchel frustrations airWayne Rooney ‘tempted’ by Burnley job after snubbing Man Utd role As far as alternatives go, Liverpool have been linked with Jude Bellingham and Barcelona’s teenage ace Gavi. They have already completed the future purchase of the Fulham playmaker Fabio Carvalho, who will arrive at Anfield ahead of next season. Tchouameni starred for France during their Nations League Final victory over Spain in October last year. After being linked to Madrid by the Spanish press in the aftermath, Tchouameni conceded that he was “flattered” by the interest. He played alongside Manchester United star Paul Pogba in that game. Pogba was effusive in his praise for his midfield partner’s display.    “[He’s] very, very good. He’s not a boy, he’s a man. It’s a pleasure to play next to him,” the 29-year-old, who is expected to leave Old Trafford this summer, said. “He brings a lot of energy. A lot of energy, extraordinary technical and physical quality. We wish him to play a lot more games and that I am always by his side.”   