Manchester United and Arsenal are two of a number of clubs who could sign Bayer Leverkusen sensation Florian Wirtz, according to reports. Wirtz's rise to stardom has been compared to Chelsea star and former Leverkusen forward Kai Havertz. United, under new boss Erik ten Hag, are set to have a huge overhaul of their squad in the coming transfer windows. Arsenal, meanwhile, will be aiming to build on a much improved campaign this term. Wirtz is currently in the early stages of recovering from an anterior cruciate knee ligament injury he suffered in March. He is set for several months on the sidelines so will unlikely be moving clubs in the summer window. But New York Times journalist Rory Smith claims Leverkusen will have done well to still have Wirtz beyond his 20th birthday. He is currently 18, and will be 20 in early May 2023. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag has already made an exciting transfer request to Man Utd board  Smith says there are similarities with Havertz in the fact Leverkusen should expect a huge fee for the star. Chelsea signed Havertz for £72million in 2020 and Wirtz is the next off the rank for the Bundesliga side. Bayern Munich are always linked with young German talent but Smith says the champions may not go after Wirtz. He says United and Arsenal are among the English clubs who could look to sign him, with Liverpool and Chelsea also mentioned. Speaking on BBC Radio 5 Live, Smith said: "To use the Leverkusen example. They are the third richest club in Germany. “They have got a kid called Florian Wirtz, who is their kind of next Havertz. Wirtz has been one of the breakthrough players of the German season. If he’s fit, then he will be in the German World Cup squad. DON'T MISSReal Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti has Karim Benzema suspicion after epic Man City showdown [QUOTES]Chelsea stars 'worry' that Thomas Tuchel could quit club amid growing frustrations [REPORT]Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick confirms six players will miss Chelsea Premier League clash [QUOTES]  “He’s the next cab off the rank for a big fee. Leverkusen would do well to keep him until he is 20. “It may not be Bayern. If it’s not Bayern (that buys him), then it will be Manchester United, Liverpool, Chelsea or Arsenal who buys him.” Wirtz has already won four caps for Germany since making his debut last year. He had seven goals and 10 assists to his name in 24 Bundesliga appearances this season before his injury. The teenager also registered three goals and four assists in the Europa League. Wirtz signed a new contract with Leverkusen last year, committing him to the club until 2026.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here