The Minister of Tourism for Spain has claimed Spain is seeing pre-pandemic levels of bookings as it becomes “the fourth most searched tourist destination in the world”. Reyes Maroto said the Spanish tourism sector is at similar levels to before Covid. Hotel and tourist accommodation bookings are matching the figures seen before the pandemic occurred. During a conversation with the Spanish broadcaster Antena 3, she said the official data showed “17.6 million overnight stays” in March. There was also “a significant increase in profitability, which is reducing the impact of inflation”. READ MORE: British holidaymakers furious at 2-HOUR Spanish airport queues In terms of employment, Reyes said there are “more than 2.4 million workers in the sector with optimistic forecasts for the summer”. While this is good news, the minister went on to say how one of the objectives of the ministry is that this recovery reaches all destinations: rural, vacation and nature. She credited government efforts to mitigate high energy costs as part of the reason for the recovery in tourism. "From the point of view of the taxes that record the price of energy, there are reductions of 60 percent and it is something that the tourism sector is internalising. DON'T MISS...Spain urged to allow UK holidaymakers fast-tracked entry [NEWS]Flight attendant says 'clothes pouches' are 'smartest' way to pack [INTERVIEW]'Anti-English' tourism tax in Wales blasted 'madness' [COMMENT] “Also with the reduction of 20 cents per litre that affects the value chain. "We have been able to position ourselves as a safe destination and even this year there will be many decisions linked to Spain being a safe destination,” she added. For anyone travelling to Spain this summer, the Covid travel rules have been updated. Masks will no longer be required in public spaces such as bars, restaurants, cafes, theatres, nightclubs and gyms. They will still be mandatory on public transport including buses, trains and planes. Despite the country scrapping its highly controversial locator form, arrivals from the UK will still need the NHS Covid pass. They will also need to show evidence they have received three doses of the vaccination, or be recovering from the virus. Face coverings will also still be required in spaces frequented by vulnerable people such as hospitals and care homes.  It is also advised for people to wear them at mass gatherings like sporting events. As for what the most visited places in Spain are, according to spainvisa.eu, Barcelona is number one. Madrid is second, Seville comes in third, while Palma de Mallorca is fourth for anyone looking for sun, sea and sand, while Granada with its stunning medieval architecture is fifth.