Adam Scorer, CEO of the charity National Energy Action, warned that more than six million households will be cast into fuel poverty as energy prices continue to rise. He said that the costs will affect the “very basis of your quality of life” as he predicted that the millions financially trapped in the cold could become fatal victims of heart attacks and strokes. Speaking to Channel 4, Scorer said: “I think this is the single biggest price shock we’ve had in energy, and we haven’t done anywhere near enough to prevent it from having real harm. “83 per cent of us heat our homes with gas. This hits the very basis of your quality of life in your home. “We’ve seen it coming for a long time. Since the end of the summer, we’ve seen the way that wholesale prices were going. “We’re going to have about six and a half million households in what we call fuel poverty.” READ MORE: Energy firms feeling the heat as websites crash READ MORE: Energy firms feeling the heat as websites crash [REPORT]  “But behind that are numbers of people with long term medical conditions and disabilities who have to stay at home. Older people susceptible to the cold, families with young children. “That’s where it’s not financial hardship, it’s not quality cost of living, it’s lives that are being hit.” Roughly 10,000 people die every year due to living in cold homes but asked whether this number could rise due to the soaring energy costs, Scorer said there will be “inevitable consequences”. He added: “I think when we come through to the heating season next winter, expecting another price rise, that number will skyrocket as people do not turn on the heating and suffer the inevitable consequences: respiratory conditions, heart attacks, strokes. People will die.” Fuel poverty, or “fuel stress”, is defined as having to spend 10 percent or more of your income just to heat your home. The number of residences suffering from this poverty has reportedly doubled overnight following the energy price cap rise, according to the Resolution Foundation think tank. From April 1, electricity and gas bills have risen a colossal 54 percent, which for the average household translates to a £693 per year increase – almost £2000 in total per year. Prepayment meter customers will see an even greater increase of £708 from £1,309 to £2,017. DON'T MISS: How to save money on gas and electricity bills [REVEAL] Energy crisis lifeline as fracking order 'lifted' in Lancashire [REPORT] April energy price cap hike: Should I fix my energy prices until 2023? [REVEAL] The reason for the climbing energy prices comes down to a sudden widespread demand following two years of the pandemic. During lockdowns, where businesses were closed and there was considerably less traffic on the roads, demand plummeted. But now, office workers are simultaneously returning, and more people are travelling around the nation, leading to a surge in prices. Jonathan Brearley, chief executive of the energy regulator Ofgem, pledged to “support” those who are set to struggle. He said: “We know this rise will be extremely worrying for many people, especially those who are struggling to make ends meet, and Ofgem will ensure energy companies support their customers in any way they can.”