Four days ago, Vin Diesel released a video with director Justin Lin from the set of Fast and Furious 10 aka Fast X, the first part of a two-film finale for the blockbuster franchise. The 54-year-old posted on Instagram: “Week one… Blessed and grateful.” In the footage, the star asked the filmmaker: “What do you think Justin?” Lin replied, “Week One. Just finished Week One”, before a beaming Diesel asked, “How does it feel?” The Fast X director said: “It feels like the beginning of an epic…ending.” Asked by the star if this would be the best one, he replied, “In my heart yes”, before the lead let an enthusiastic, “Ooooooooo!” However, just a few days later and the director of five Fast and Furious movies to date has announced he’s no longer helming the project. In a statement, Lin said: “With the support of Universal, I have made the difficult decision to step back as director of FAST X, while remaining with the project as a producer. Over 10 years and five films, we have been able to shoot the best actors, the best stunts, and the best damn car chases. On a personal note, as the child of Asian immigrants, I am proud of helping to build the most diverse franchise in movie history. I will forever be grateful to the amazing cast, crew and studio for their support, and for welcoming me into the FAST family.” According to Deadline, this sudden turn of events was due to creative differences. With Lin’s departure as director, production on Fast X will continue with some second unit footage for the time being. Insiders claim the shoot will take a brief break while producers find a replacement for the franchise veteran. Conversations with potential replacement directors are already underway, so an announcement should be sooner rather than later. DON'T MISSPaul Walker's daughter in tribute to dad eight years after car crash [PAUL WALKER]Vin Diesel walks Paul Walker's daughter down the aisle as fans 'cry' [VIN DIESEL]Fast and Furious 9: Brewster on the next generation of Fast Family [BREWSTER] Nevertheless, Lin stepping down as director on the finale on what would have been his sixth Fast and Furious movie will come as quite the shock to fans. The filmmaker first joined the franchise when he directed third movie Tokyo Drift, before helming the next three in the series. After taking a break following Fast and Furious 6, he returned to direct F9. Perhaps James Wan or F Gary Gary who directed the seventh and eighth movies could be persuaded to take on Fast and Furious 10? Fast X hits cinemas on May 19, 2023. SOURCE