Soldiers from Ukraine's 128th Separate Mountain Zakarpattia Assault Brigade discovered Vladimir Putin's troops had been looting goods from civilians after they found a treasure trove during an attack against a Russian armoured vehicle. The group reportedly attacked a Russian invading unit and even damaged the vehicle with grenades forcing its crew to flee the scene. Laptops and money were said to have been found inside. They are believed to have originally belonged to residents from a nearby village. The area where the goods are alleged to have been stolen from had just witnessed a battle, according to the regiment. However, the exact location in which the incident took place is yet to be confirmed. JUST IN: GB News: 'No surprise' Putin built-up troops for Ukraine invasion after 'Afghan fiasco' Residents also claim invading troops raided homes and stole other valuables, such as electronic devices. Russian troops were also said to have plundered clothes, food and alcohol.Abandoned properties were also ransacked, with blankets, mattresses and curtains being removed. Residents who challenged the invading force were said to have been threatened. The Mirror has claimed citizens in neighbouring Belarus, an ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin, have said loot stolen amid the invasion is being sent back to Russia via a post office in Belarus. READ MORE: GB News: Expert warns ruble recovery proves ‘sanctions aren’t working’ amid ‘butchery’ The news also comes following reports Russia has been committing war crimes during its invasion of Ukraine. Images from Bucha, which is located on the outskirts of Kyiv, showed bodies piled up in the street. Witnesses even claimed many appeared to have been shot while their hands were bound behind their backs. Human Rights Watch concluded in a report yesterday the Russians had carried out "unspeakable, deliberate cruelty and violence" against the Ukrainian people. DON'T MISS:  French urged to turn off dishwashers as energy crisis deepens {REVEAL]100,000 MORE techies 'to leave' Russia in IT industry exodus [INSIGHT] Orban triumphs in Hungarian election after celebrating 'huge victory' [SPOTLIGHT] Boris Johnson responded by saying: "The discovery of more mass graves outside Kyiv is sickening. "The UK will not stand by whilst this indiscriminate and unforgivable slaughter takes place. "We are working to ensure those responsible are held to account. "We will not rest until justice is done."