Arsenal have seemingly been left red-faced after a transfer howler in the form of Newcastle midfielder Bruno Guimaraes. The Brazilian has revealed there was interest from the Gunners, but nothing came to fruition ultimately, with the former Lyon man opting to move to the north east instead. Arsenal's recent form woes have been compounded by an admission from Bruno Guimaraes about the club's interest in him. The Gunners were strongly linked with the 24-year-old virtually up until he sealed a move late on in the January transfer window to St James' Park. Guimaraes has certainly landed on his feet in the Premier League too, scoring both goals in the 2-1 win over Leicester on Sunday, including a last minute winner to further distance the Toon from the relegation battle they were once mired in. However, things could have looked very different just a few months ago, with Arsenal one of the clubs keen on Guimaraes, according to the player. The £40m January arrival has revealed that there was interest from other clubs, but insists that it was an easy decision to join Newcastle. JUST IN: Arsenal could have secret friendship weapon to make Ronaldo signing "I did speak to some other clubs," he told Sky Sports when asked if there was interest from Arsenal. "But the only concrete offer came in from Newcastle and I really wanted to come here. I've always wanted to play in the Premier League and on top of that it was the start of a new sporting project for the club." The admission will be something of a kick in the teeth for Mikel Arteta and Arsenal, who are seeing their top four hopes grow more and more tricky. The Gunners have slipped to sixth place after a poor run of form. That has coincided with injuries to the likes of Thomas Partey and Kieran Tierney, two key players for Arteta. But it is also a blunting of the attack that is to blame for Arsenal, with just two goals coming in their last five matches, which is undoubtedly the main culprit for their recent woes. Guimaraes would no doubt be playing in the midfield pivot, but as shown against Leicester, he can be a real handful going forward to, a skill the likes of Granit Xhaka and Albert Sambi Lokonga have struggled to show this term.