Describing the “pain and hurt” the case had caused him, the singer-songwriter also argued such “baseless” lawsuits were damaging the music industry and said he had “suffered” as a father, a husband, and a son. The Grammy Award-winning singer was accused of lifting a refrain from his 2017 hit Shape Of You from another artist - but the claim was dismissed by the Honourable Mr Justice Zacaroli, a judge of the Chancery Division of the High Court in London. In the video, shared on his Twitter page, Sheeran said: “I wanted to make a small video to talk about it a bit because I've not really been able to say anything whilst it's been going on."“Whilst we're obviously happy with the result, I feel like claims like this are way too common now and become a culture where a claim is made with the idea that settlement will be cheaper than taking it to court, even if there's no basis for the claim." He added: “It's really damaging to the songwriting industry. There's only so many notes and very few chords used in pop music. Coincidence is bound to happen if 60,000 songs are being released every day on Spotify. That's 22 million songs a year and there's only 12 notes that are available." “I don't want to take anything away from the pain and hurt suffered from both sides of this case, but I just want to say I'm not an entity, I'm not a corporation, I'm a human being, I'm a father, I'm a husband, I'm a son."“Lawsuits are not a pleasant experience and I hope that this ruling means in the future baseless claims like this can be avoided."“This really does have to end. Referring to co-songwriters, Snow Patrol's John McDaid and producer Steven McCutcheon, Sheeran added: “Me Johnny and Steve. I'm very grateful for all the support sent to us by fellow songwriters over the last few weeks. Hopefully, we can all get back to writing songs rather than having to prove that we can write them.”Sheeran had been involved in a protracted legal battle with grime artist Sami Chokri, who performs as Sami Switch, and music producer Ross O'Donoghue, who claimed the hook from the song was copied from their 2015 song Oh Why. Delivering his verdict, Mr Justice Zacaroli said: ”While there are similarities between the OW (Oh Why) Hook and the OI (Oh I) Phrase, there are also significant differences. “I am satisfied that Mr Sheeran did not subconsciously copy Oh Why in creating Shape."Sheehan, 31, is one of the world’s best-selling music acts, having sold more than 26 million albums and 100 million singles worldwide.Shape of You became the best-selling digital song worldwide in 2017 and has received more than 5.6 billion views on YouTube, as well as winning a Grammy for Best Solo Pop Performance in 2018.He faced lengthy questioning about his work during last month's trial, with accusations from the lawyer for Mr Chokri and Mr O'Donoghue that he merely altered other artists' music and words to pass their work off as his own.The singer insisted he always credited other artists and told the court he had never heard the Oh Why song he was accused of ripping off. Sheeran, McDaid and McCutcheon also released a joint statement in which they voiced their relief. They added: "There was a lot of talk throughout this case about cost. But there is more than just a financial cost."“There is a cost on creativity. When we are tangled up in lawsuits, we are not making music or playing shows.""There is a cost on our mental health. The stress this causes on all sides is immense. It affects so many aspects of our everyday lives and the lives of our families and friends.”