Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta was involved in a heated confrontation with his own supporters after his side's disappointing 4-2 home defeat to London rivals Arsenal. The European champions, who still remain five points clear of their opponents, never really got going on a night when Mikel Arteta's side showcased their top-four credentials with the perfect response to three straight defeats in the Premier League.  Yet Azpilicueta, who also scored for Chelsea, was partially to thank after he tussled with Bukayo Saka late in the second half, prompting referee Jonathan Moss to award a penalty that allowed Arsenal to kill the game. Saka stepped up and made no mistake from 12-yards, sending Edouard Mendy the wrong way to send the travelling supporters into ecstasy. Tensions were high in the stands at full-time and Chelsea suffered without a sell-out crowd at Stamford Bridge due to the sanctions posed against them, following the club's former ties to previous owner Roman Abramovich. One small collection of Chelsea fans appeared to make their feelings towards Azpilicueta and their team's performance clear after the final whistle, as the Spaniard marched over towards the crowd. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims The Stamford Bridge legend looked frustrated with something that was said, while the fans appeared to protest their innocence, while also pointing towards the below-par display from Thomas Tuchel's side. Tuchel even said he understands the fan's frustration when quizzed on the incident. "I saw it. Honestly, I can understand the fan," the German said during his press conference. Azpiliceuta was clearly riled up knowing that he was partially responsible for another uncharacteristically bad home result. DON'T MISSWest Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injuryAjax chief lets slip on Erik ten Hag's Man Utd verbal agreement - 'We tried everything'Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims He was furious with Moss' decision to award a penalty and even had a pop at Saka for going to ground. The Arsenal forward later said on the incident: "Of course he is going to be angry with me but it is what it is. It was a penalty." Arsenal took the lead through two-goal frontman Eddie Nketiah, who really caught the eye after filling in for Alexandre Lacazette. Chelsea soon levelled through Timo Werner's deflected effort, that somehow found a way in past the scrambling Aaron Ramsdale. Emile Smith Rowe soon restored Arsenal's lead with an excellent, slotted finish that finished a classy Gunners' counter-attack. But once again, Chelsea hit back with Azpilicueta was on hand to convert from a cross. With the scores level at 2-2 at the break, Arsenal showed character to regain the lead once again in the second half when Nketiah notched his second of the night. Saka then made sure of all three points from the penalty spot as Arsenal got themselves back in the hunt for fourth.