Manchester United may have more than one reason to go after Antony in the summer transfer window. The Ajax winger has been in incredible form this season under Erik ten Hag, scoring 12 goals and providing 10 assists in all competitions. At 22 years of age, Antony is regarded as one of the brightest prospects in world football. And his performances have caught the attention of clubs all over Europe with United tipped to make a move at the end of the season. If Erik ten Hag ends up taking over at Old Trafford then a move for Antony may make even more sense with the pair striking up a strong working relationship. Antony has even made it clear how much he values working under Ten Hag. “He is a great coach, with an eye for detail. The team is the most important thing, but every player becomes a better footballer under his guidance and through his training," he said recently. "Since I came he has given me a lot of confidence and believed in what I can do. I am grateful to him for that. I respect him very much.” JUST IN: Arteta could quit Arsenal after fourth-placed finish claims Neville  United are expected to make some changes to their squad this summer and improving their options in the frontline may be an area for the new manager to target. Marcus Rashford has struggled for form this campaign while Anthony Martial looks set to leave. Jadon Sancho, Cristiano Ronaldo and Rashford have been the go-to front three under Ralf Rangnick while Anthony Elanga has also featured regularly in recent weeks. Big things were expected of Sancho this season after his move from Borussia Dortmund last summer. But the England international has struggled to rediscover his best form from the Bundesliga. Sancho has not settled in one position for United either, with both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Rangnick moving the 22-year-old on either wing. DON'T MISS  Antony's signing this summer though may well help Sancho settle into one position from next year. The Brazilian has made the right-wing position his own at Ajax under Ten Hag and he's also played in the same role for his country. That would potentially push Sancho out to the left wing on a regular basis, where he has appeared to have more joy anyway. According to Transfermarkt, Sancho has played 27 matches on the left wing this season, scoring three goals and providing three assists. That's compared to the seven games where Sancho has supposedly been used on the right wing where he only has one goal to his name. Finding a system which gets the best out of Sancho while also adding another potent attacking threat would give United's next manager the perfect base to work from.