Parliament has passed the last round of policy decisions from the Government following the session that started in 2021. Among the bills passed this week were several controversial pieces, including a ban on "noisy" protests, a requirement for voter ID to vote, and removing the Electoral Commission's independence. Ministers are preparing the next round for the Queen and will start looking to deliver them after the State Opening of Parliament. The Queen's Speech marks the beginning of a new Parliamentary session in the UK and follows proroguing. The Government has the power to prorogue both chambers and conclude a year of lawmaking as it chooses before setting up a new session. As Head of State, the Queen reopens Parliament and reads out the Cabinet's plans for the next year from a document prepared for her. READ MORE: Boris told hard stance will spark EU retaliation  In 2022, the Government has opted to close Parliament for just under two weeks from April 28. The Queen will read her pre-prepared speech on May 10, when the chambers return for business for the State Opening of Parliament. While the document's contents are not yet public, speeches usually include bills leftover from the previous year. The House of Commons has listed the policies that didn't pass before the April 28 cutoff and, therefore, will carry over to the next session. The Queen's speech is usually a laundry list of policies for the House of Commons to consider, preceded by a clutch of unusual practices. The event is draped in ceremony and commences when the Queen has travelled from Buckingham Palace to Parliament under escort from the Household Cavalry. She passes through the Sovereign's Entrance and arrives at the Robing Room, where she dons the Robe of State and Imperial State Crown, before proceeding to the House of Lords Chamber via Royal procession. Approximately 600 people will attend the ceremony, mostly Commons and Lords legislators, the former cohort fetched by the Black Rod from their chamber. One Commons MP won't get to attend, as they will have to act as a "hostage". In an untelevised aspect of the ceremony, they will journey to Buckingham Palace, where they will remain under the watchful eye of the Lord Chamberlain. The centuries-old tradition once ensured the monarch's safe return after they open Parliament.