Erik ten Hag has revealed he has "set requirements" that Manchester United will have to follow in the transfer market. The Dutchman insists he wants control over transfers when he becomes the club's new manager. United announced on Thursday that the Ajax boss will replace Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season. He has signed a three-year contract with the option of a further campaign. Reports in recent weeks have claimed that Ten Hag would want control over incomings and outgoings in the United squad. And the 52-year-old has confirmed that is definitely the case. In his first interview since being announced as United's boss, Ten Hag was asked: "At Ajax you had a heavy voice in transfers. Is that a requirement at your new club, no matter how big it is?" READ MORE: Ten Hag details Ronaldo stance in first interview since Man Utd appointment  And he said, despite having some cooperation, he wants to have the final say. Ten Hag told Dutch outlet Trouw: "Yes. I set requirements in advance about how I want to work. "If they aren't granted, I won't. I am ultimately responsible and accounted for the results. "I don't want to be the sole ruler, I stand for cooperation, but control in transfers is a condition for me." Ten Hag will leave Ajax after five years in charge of the Eredivisie club. He is aiming to end his reign on a high with a third top division title, with his side currently four points clear of PSV Eindhoven at the top of the table. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag advised that only two Man Utd players are worth keeping next season [QUOTES]Kylian Mbappe to Real Madrid on the rocks as PSG ace breaks agreement with dizzying demand [GOSSIP]Five possible targets with Man Utd 'working on deal for young Premier League striker' [TRANSFERS]  Ten Hag says he will be remembered at Ajax for the style of play he adopted but also the winning mentality he brought to the club. Asked what his legacy will be, he added: “We've had great years. "I think that Ajax has played its Ajax under my leadership, always with the intention to play good and beautiful football, with adventure and beauty. That led to a lot of goals. "There's even more of a winning mentality, a winning culture, that has come into the club. Perhaps that is where my greatest influence lies. "In the Netherlands there is often little attention for this. It's always about tactics with trainers, but mentality is just as important a factor. Or Ajax who failed when I came? If you say so. I think so too." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 