Statins are a group of commonly prescribed medicines that help reduce levels of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. This type of cholesterol is often branded the “bad” cholesterol because it clings to the inside of your artery walls, thereby raising your risk of a serious cardiovascular event. Any intervention that prevents this process is to be welcomed but statins can pose hidden health risks. The decision to take statins should not be taken lightly because there are a number of important health considerations. According to Doctor Afzal Sohaib, consultant cardiologist at The Wellington Hospital, part of HCA Healthcare UK, stopping statins "completely" can be "dangerous". Doctor Sohaib said: "In most cases statins will be taken for life, as coming off statins completely is known to significantly increase the risk of an individual experiencing another cardiovascular event." How? "While the effects may not be immediate, stopping statins can cause cholesterol levels to return to a high level very quickly." READ MORE: Statins: The popular hot drink that can 'interact' with statins - don't 'overdo' it According to the doc, cholesterol levels can spike in a matter of weeks. What's more, "the protective benefits extend beyond just lowering cholesterol levels through mechanisms we are still learning about", he said. Stroke or heart attack survivors take note: "For those who have experienced a stroke or heart attack previously, coming off statins completely can significantly increase the risk of them experiencing another potentially life-threatening heart attack or stroke." What does the doc advise? "If you are considering stopping statins, it is important to discuss all the options with your GP or cardiologist first, before making any changes." DON'T MISSDementia: 'Commonly prescribed' antibiotics linked to decline [ADVICE]Matt LeBlanc health: Star almost had 'nervous breakdown [INSIGHT]Cancer warning: Steatorrhoea in your poo is a sign [TIPS] Mounting evidence illustrates the risks associated with coming off statins completely. Research published last year in JAMA Network Open linked withdrawal from statins to a higher risk of hospital admission for serious cardiovascular problems and mortality. In a large study, researchers reported that withdrawal of statins from elderly people receiving a variety of other drugs was linked to a higher risk of hospital admission for heart failure and any cardiovascular outcome, as well as death from any cause. The research, published online June 14 in JAMA Network Open, examined almost 30,000 patients 65 years of age and older on multiple medications, often referred to as "polypharmacy," who were receiving treatment with statins, as well as blood pressure-lowering, antidiabetic, and antiplatelet agents. Discontinuing statins was associated with a significantly increased risk of hospital admission for heart failure of about 24 percent, other cardiovascular outcomes by 14 percent, and death from any cause by 15 percent. Study investigators said more attention is needed by all health care providers caring for elderly patients. “We hope that future studies can shed light on the best way to balance the undeniable benefit of [statins] and the harms, especially among the elderly exposed to polypharmacy,” said lead study author Federico Rea, PhD, a research fellow in the Department of Statistics and Quantitative Methods at the University of Milano-Bicocca in Italy. He continued: "Older patients have a higher absolute risk of dying, and withdrawing proven therapy shown to reduce risk of coronary/stroke events in randomised controlled trials would be expected to result in more cardiovascular events." While polypharmacy is a concern in the elderly, he said there are better solutions needed than withdrawing proven, effective therapy. Many people who take statins experience no or very few side effects. "Others experience some troublesome, but usually minor, side effects, such as diarrhoea, a headache or feeling sick," explains the NHS. According to the health body, your doctor should discuss the risks and benefits of taking statins if they're offered to you.