On Tuesday's The Chase, Bradley Walsh welcomed four new contestants onto the show to take on Paul 'The Sinnerman' Sinha. Players Michelle, Salim, Karen and Riaz had to work together in the hopes of winning as much money as possible for their jackpot fund. However, from the beginning of the ITV quiz show, the team didn't have luck on their side because Paul managed to beat the first two players within minutes of each other Michelle was the first contestant to take on the Sinnerman after she answered two questions correctly in the quickfire round. Paul decided to give the player a choice of winning a low offer of £200 and a high offer of £20,000. However, she decided to play it safe and try to win the £2,000 she'd already banked. Although, Michelle's journey was short-lived as Paul easily beat her in the multiple-choice question round. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy Salim's performance wasn't much better because after answering three questions correctly during his cash-builder round, he was also sent home when he faced Paul. "I am sorry that is the way it goes," Bradley told him. "I lose my second player." The third player to take on the quizzer was Karen, and despite having a rocky start, she decided to go for Paul's lower offer of £1,000. Karen sailed through to the final and was hoping the final player Riaz would be joining her. Riaz answered an impressive five questions correctly in the cash-builder and when Paul gave him his low and high offers, the contestant took a risk and decided to play for his high offer of £59,000. Despite his confidence, Riaz's efforts weren't a match for the quizzer and he was quickly caught out. The question Riaz got caught out on was: "A dolmen is a prehistoric tomb made from what?" The player had the option to choose from stone, wood or straw and he decided to go with straw. DON'T MISS...Tipping Point fans 'heartbroken' as major error costs player £20k [REACTION]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun's Lee pays tribute co-star after exit  [NEWS] "I see where you're going with straw," Bradley commented. "Back in the day straw and clay... yes, stone. You are staying where you are." "If The Chaser has put stone you are out," the host explained. "I am sorry, Riaz," Bradley added after Paul got the question right. "I am sorry for Karen really, poor Karen there!" Following Riaz's major loss, viewers took to social media to share their thoughts. "Totally blew it #thechase," user @Adderladders penned as Sandra added: "#TheChase Oh dear." David tweeted: They really didn’t want him getting near the £59k, stinking questions." Yvonne said: "Oh!!!! 8 and gone sorry Karen but hard on your own #thechase." "That's why you don't go low Now you're playing for nothing," Fran wrote. While Imo went on to praise: "WOW HE DID SO WELL XOXOX #TheChase." (sic) The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.