Erik ten Hag will want to focus on coaching at Manchester United above all other things, it has been claimed. And, as the Glazers prepare to roll the dice by bringing him to Old Trafford, it seems as though the Red Devils will need to adapt to his demands if they’re to hire him as a replacement for Ralf Rangnick. It’s been a troublesome campaign for the fallen Premier League giants and a big summer now lies ahead. Ten Hag is now the frontrunner to take over at Manchester United and become their fifth permanent boss since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement nine years ago. And De Telegraaf journalist Marcel Van der Kraan has explained how the 52-year-old wants to focus on footballing matters at Old Trafford. “He is not scared to take on the Manchester United job,” he wrote for the BBC. “But he will want to be in a tracksuit many hours a day. “He doesn't consider himself an office man - if he did he'd have gone in to his dad's company. “He would hate to constantly be on the phone to agents, and I have a feeling that is one of the main discussion points about his potential appointment. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “That's where he'll want a sporting director or an assistant with the ability to do that. “For me, it would be a mistake for him to go down the route of thinking part of his job is fitting into the traditional English way of management. “He will not want to go in there thinking he has to take on the whole of Manchester United. “He will want to focus on giving the club an identity again - and he will do that best by putting on a tracksuit.” Van der Kraan does feel, however, that Ten Hag has never felt comfortable with the English language. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players And the journalist reckons that could be a potential issue for the 52-year-old if, as expected, he takes over United. “Another potential issue is that Ten Hag has never felt that comfortable in front of the camera,” he continued. “That will be a challenge and he might find it difficult to get his message across. “If he went to a German club - and there is serious interest there - he'd be totally in his comfort zone because where he lives is on the German border. “Everyone in that area has German as a second language. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “English, however, is anything but his comfort zone and in my opinion a manager who takes charge of one of the biggest clubs in the world based in the UK, with all the publicity and media around him, should be able to command the English language really well. “It won't stop him from being successful but it would help enormously if he improved. “I understand he's been practising his English a lot.” With Ten Hag looking increasingly likely to manage United, it seems as though the Glazers are prepared to take a gamble. For starters, he’s never managed in the Premier League before. Or any of Europe’s top five leagues. Compare that to rivals Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp, and even Chelsea’s Thomas Tuchel, it’s clear his CV pales in comparison. Ten Hag has, however, done a brilliant job at Ajax over the past five years. And United will be hoping he can bring the glory days back to Old Trafford after nine years in the wilderness. Since Ferguson stepped down, the Red Devils have been managed by David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. But they've won just three trophies under the quartet, spurning billions in the process.