Call The Midwife airs on BBC One in the UK and the TV series is full of uplifting moments. Trixie Franklin started to fall for Matthew Aylward (played by Olly Rix) in the latest season. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star's real-life relationship. Actress George is one of the original cast members remaining as a fan-favourite in Call The Midwife. Her character Trixie has experienced many daunting twists and turns during her time at Nonnatus House. She has not had the best of luck when it comes to relationships, having been with a number of partners. However, her romance with landlord Matthew Aylward seems to be working out perfectly. Fans are rooting for the pair to get married in upcoming episodes. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Heartache for Eileen Grimshaw  Off-screen, actress George is in a relationship with Jack Ashton. They are not married but have been together since 2016, having met on the set of Call The Midwife. Actor Ashton played Reverend Tom Hereward in the earlier seasons. The pair had been to South Africa to film one of the Christmas specials. Together they have two children, daughters Wren Ivy and Lark. Wren Ivy was born in September 2017, with Lark arriving in November 2021. Her partner Ashton has also taken on roles in Casualty, McDonald & Dodds and Holby City. Before him, George was married to Oliver Boot from 2011 until 2015. Boot is also an actor who has appeared on both stage and screen. As well as starring in a number of Shakespeare productions, he featured in Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps and My Family. DON'T MISS... Megan Cusack age: How old is Call The Midwife's Nancy Corrigan? [INSIGHT] Call The Midwife’s Helen George teases return to set [DISCUSSION] Stephen McGann children: Does the Call The Midwife star have kids? [EXPLAINER] George admitted she had kept her relationship with Ashton on the down-low. Speaking to You Magazine, she said she had been in the limelight at the time of her split from Boot. She had appeared on Strictly Come Dancing around the same time and said: "I was so naive that I thought no one would be interested in me, so that was a shock. "I soon realised I didn’t want all that celebrity stuff." She then opted to keep her relationship with Ashton out of the spotlight. During the coronavirus lockdown, they moved homes and were able to spend more time with their children. The actress is on Instagram and she has given some insight into family life. In February she opened up about her first pregnancy and being diagnosed with the liver disease Cholestasis.  Call The Midwife is available to watch on PBS in the US and BBC iPlayer in the UK.