She was dressed casually in jeans, a waterproof jacket, brown leather boots and a baseball cap and was accompanied by a female partner. At Prince Philip’s memorial service at Westminster Abbey last month, the Countess of Wessex explained her sweet connection to carriage riding and the Duke, as it was revealed he taught her the sport when she was first married.  The Countess is married to the Queen and Prince Philip’s youngest son Prince Edward and they have two children together - Lady Louise, 18, and James, Viscount Severn, 14. She said how he had also encouraged her daughter Louise at the sport and was “so pleased she took up the sport”. She continued: “He was so pleased when she took up the sport because I took it up…I was okay. “Well I was really at the beginning of my carriage driving career when I fell pregnant with Louise.  “So I then had to sort of hang up the reins. So I was really delighted when she decided she wanted to have a go. “And my father-in-law was always so good at encouraging her. So when she not only said ‘please can I have a go’ but then showed a flair for it he was just brilliant with her. “They used to chat away about it and he would always turn up if she was competing in the Great Park, he would always turn up and watch her and watch her training days.”  READ MORE: Queen's special wish to gather all royals during her Jubilee Lady Louise is reportedly an “accomplished carriage driver” and has gained a “great passion and natural curiosity” for the sport from her late grandfather, reported the Daily Mail. Prince Philip, who passed away on April 9, 2021, at the age of 99, enjoyed carriage driving throughout his life and competed at many European and world championships. He was often seen accompanying his granddaughter Lady Louise carriage driving in Windsor Great Park and took “great pride” in her love of the sport.  DON'T MISS:Royal POLL: Should young royals start taking over more duties? [HAVE YOUR SAY]Margaret's bow brooch is 'precious' unlike Queen's huge collection [ROYAL FASHION]Sophie, Countess of Wessex turns heads in colour-clashing £765 dress [ROYAL NEWS] Lady Louise was seen with the rest of her family at the Easter Sunday service last weekend. Many senior royals were in attendance, although the Queen missed the service reportedly due to mobility issues. She will celebrate her Platinum Jubilee in June this year, marking 70 years on the British throne. 