Ali Harbi Ali, 26, was found guilty at the Old Bailey of stabbing Sir David to death and preparing acts of terrorism. The killer carried out the "cold and calculating" murder at the Conservative MP's constituency in Leigh-on-Sea, Essex, on 15 October 2021. The MP for Southend West suffered more than 20 stab wounds in a "vicious and frenzied" attack that was "an assassination for terrorist purposes", the court heard.  The defendant, an Islamic-State supporting terrorist, said he murdered the politician because he had voted for airstrikes against Isis in Syria. Ali, from Kentish Town, north London, had been plotting the murder since May 2019 and had researched other potential targets including Conservative minister Michael Gove and Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer. He told the Old Bailey that he had no regrets about the murder, defending his actions by saying Sir David deserved to die as a result of voting in Parliament for air strikes on Syria in 2014 and 2015. The jury deliberated for 18 minutes on Monday to find Ali unanimously guilty. Mr Justice Sweeney said he would sentence Ali on Wednesday. Thanking the jury, the judge said: "It cannot have been easy to listen to the evidence you have listened to." The defendant refused to stand in the dock as the jury delivered their verdict. The jury heard that the 26-year-old had spent years hatching the murder. He managed to arrange an appointment with Sir David by convincing the politician's office that he was a resident of his constituency. Ali sent a lengthy message on Whatsapp to his contacts claiming that he had committed an attack to "take revenge" for those killed in aistrikes on Isis-held territories. He launched his knife attack during the meeting with Sir David, stabbing the father-of-five more than 20 times and preventing bystanders from going to his aid. Ali reportedly told the MP he was "sorry" before plunging the knife into him. The MP died at the scene. The killer told police that the murder was a terror attack, adding: "I went into an MP's surgery and I killed him, with the idea of vengeance". He later denied charges of murder and preparing acts of terrorisim, forcing a trial at the Old Bailey. Ali showed no remorse during his trial and told the court he regretted "nothing" while giving evidence. He said: “I wouldn’t use the word shameless but I don’t feel any shame.” Director of Public Prosecutions Max Hill QC said the murder was "the most appalling tragedy", particularly for the Amess family, and an "attack on democracy".  He said: "I'm obviously pleased that at the end of what must have been a very difficult trial for Sir David Amess's family, justice has been served and this individual will now pay the price for his crimes." The court heard how London-born Ali became self-radicalised in 2014, going on to drop out of university and abandon his ambitions of a career in medicine. The defendant, who came from an influential Somali family, said he considered travelling to Syria to fight but by 2019 opted for an attack in Britain.  He carried out online research on MPs including Labour leader Sir Keir, Deputy Prime Minister Dominc Raab and Defence Secretary Ben Wallace. He also staked out the west London home of Levelling Up minister Michael Gove six times and wrote detailed notes of how he might attack him. The 26-year-old had also been previously spotted lurking around the constituency office of Finchley MP Mike Freer. He settled on MP Sir David in September last year after seeing his upcoming surgery in Leigh-on-Sea on Twitter. He travelled from his home in London to Essex on the morning of October 15. Within minutes of meeting Sir David, Ali pulled out a 12-inch carving knife and stabbed him repeatedly. He also threatened to stab the MP's two female aides and a couple who had arrived for their appointment. Sir David's assistant Julie Cushion told the jury that Ali appeared "self-satisfied" after the brutal attack. Tom Little QC described Ali as “cool, calm and collected in evidence” and said he had maintained the “same grin” described vividly by witnesses on the day of the murder.   He added: “He was smiling and almost enjoying reliving and explaining what he intended to do and what he had done - revelling in his terrorist acts.” Ali was later apprehended by two police officers armed with only batons and spray. Essex Police Chief Superintendent Simon Anslow praised his officers' "astounding bravery" in tackling Ali. He said: "They've basically gone in armed with a stick - something that appears smaller than a deodorant can - to deal with a man that has just committed an absolutely heinous act, still armed with that knife. "I think it's an astounding act of bravery." The court heard that Ali had no mental health issues and he accepted much of the evidence against him. Sir David was killed five years after the brutal murder of Batley and Spen MP Jo Cox was murdered in her constituency. His death led to renewed concern around the safety of MPs. 