Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Whenever two friends get together, all they do is argue and bicker. You're growing tired of this brittle atmosphere. In a group situation you suspect someone is deliberately causing trouble. Before laying the blame on anyone, check you haven't jumped to conclusions. Taurus (Apr21/May21) Keep to the background as this is where you will be able to observe what is going on without other people noticing. A senior colleague is not willing to discuss matters you are asking about and the only way to find out the information you need is by watching from a distance. Gemini (May22/June21) There's a lively feel to the start of the week. You will feel happiest when you are on the move especially if you keep trips and journeys short and sweet. A matter you need to raise in the workplace is not going to go down well in some quarters. Cancer (June22/July23) A meeting you had not wanted to attend will turn out to be one of the best conversations you’ve had in a while. This will lead to opportunities you would never have dreamed of. You are feeling adventurous and you can expect to experience extraordinary events. READ MORE: Horoscopes April 2022: Russell Grant's reading for your star sign Leo (July24/Aug23) Your boss will be instrumental in bringing an artistic or creative talent you have to the attention of someone who could help you further your aims. Don't be surprised if you are offered financial reward for your efforts. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) An unexpected show of thoughtfulness from a colleague or neighbour could mean a quick change in social plans. You could find yourself suddenly rummaging through your wardrobe to find something to wear for a glamourous outing or party. Libra (Sept24/Oct23) There's some urgency about having to make an important decision. You have a clear picture of everything in your head and this is why you won't have to hesitate about your answer. Don't let the last-minute aspect of a surprise offer put you off. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) A new work or family project will be going better than anticipated. This will give you a chance to step back and consider all that has been accomplished so far. By doing this you will have a better idea on how to proceed and on what should be made a priority.  Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) New social connections enter your life and they will bring them new opportunities. Responsibilities are increasing and although others are expecting you to do more than your fair share of work, this will not be an inconvenience. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Don't dismiss the idea of refurbishing your home or buying new household equipment. You’ll accuse them of wasting money but their ideas are aimed to make your life more comfortable and spending that little bit extra will add to your home comforts. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) You are charging ahead towards a special goal and you won't stop until you have reached it. You are in a determined frame of mind but someone you are working with will not be as enthusiastic. You may have to leave them behind. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Colleagues will be encouraging you to give away all your ideas but there are some, you should keep to yourself. For a negative side to this otherwise friendly phase is that someone may try to steal your notions and pass them off as their own.