Mr Jobson believes that Prince Harry's much-awaited autobiography will likely backfire on the Royal Family and the Sussex amid "baby steps" towards a reconciliation between the two sides. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle recently reunited with Prince Charles and the Queen during a brief stopover en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. Mr Jobson told GB News: "Of course, he had to meet his father first with Camilla and that was a very short meeting from what I understand and their relationship has been particularly strained. "I think there's a sense of him being let down on both sides and we've got this book coming out which is pretty much in the sort of blow a lot of things out the water as well. "So although these are baby steps in terms of a reconciliation or approachment between Meghan, Harry, and the Royals. I can see it all blowing up in their face again, with this book. "Clearly the relationship with his father is not particularly great at the moment and I don't know how long Harry can carry on being this court jester either, you know, he can make a laugh. He added: "Well, I don't think she's been laughing too much about what happened in the last couple of years. Particularly the thanksgiving service and she's been through a lot the Queen and Harry and Megan have contributed to that. "It's not just the Andrew saga things. "I don't know he can't just waltz in and say I made her laugh and waltz out again with your Netflix crew and think all is great." The royal commentator and GB News host Eamonn Holmes also discussed Prince's latest interview with an American broadcaster in which the Duke argued he wanted to make sire the Queen was "protected."  Mr Holmes told the royal expert: "[Prince Harry] talks about being surrounded by the right people, either to protect the Queen from him or does he want his right people? "It is quite an arrogant and contradictory piece of advice, surely." Mr Jobson replied: "Well, it's narcissism to the extremes, isn't it. "This is the guy that has already not seen his grandmother for a couple of years and well for a while since the funeral and that was only fleeting." "I mean, I think actions speak louder than the words, and Prince Charles, in particular, has been stepping up and supporting his mother with actions and also all of our children people and daughters in law like I said Sophie Wessex and Camilla have been pretty much there all the time behind the scenes as has Prince William. "So I think for him to sort of waltz in leaving his Netflix crew just at the door and then start talking about protecting his grandmother is slightly bizarre, to be honest." It comes after the Duke Of Sussex said the Queen was "on great form" during their recent meeting but added he wanted to make sure that she was "protected" and had "the right people around her". He and his wife Meghan visited the monarch and met with the Prince of Wales in Windsor on Thursday, having flown in from their home in the US before travelling on to The Hague in the Netherlands for the Invictus games.