Lewis Hamilton will not walk away from F1 despite a poor start to the new season with Mercedes unable to compete with Red Bull and Ferrari on pure pace, according to Toto Wolff. Hamilton currently lies fifth in the points standings, behind Sergio Perez, Carlos Sainz, his own team-mate George Russell and leader Leclerc. The Silver Arrows have consistently been the third-fastest car at race weekends and are around a second slower than the Scuderia. Several pundits claimed Hamilton could lose his mojo if he was not in a competitive car and winning races. However, team principal Toto Wolff has calmed down fears suggesting Hamilton is still highly motivated to get in the car. The Austrian even claimed Hamilton could remain at the top level of motorsport for many years to go” despite his two-year deal ending next season. He has also predicted the team will “rise” from its issues which could offer a different sort of challenge. Wolff said: “You can only walk away if you don’t like what you do anymore. But Lewis loves doing this. His lifestyle is hugely disciplined now and he has many, many years to go. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton reveals main Mercedes 'goal' as Brit leads Verstappen “And isn’t it a great challenge for him? He was at McLaren. He then went to Mercedes when it wasn’t great and he has won six titles here. The team has got it wrong now but he can be part of the rise again.” Hamilton fuelled rumours he was ready to walk away from F1 after a social media post Saudi Arabia. He claimed it had been “hard to stay positive” and admitted he had ”struggled mentally” for a long time. He said: “It’s been such a tough year already with everything that has happened around us. Hard some days to stay positive. I have struggled mentally and emotionally for a long time. To keep going is a constant effort, but we have to keep fighting.” DON'T MISSCharles Leclerc asks Ferrari to fix 'problem' after Hamilton wish [INSIGHT]Things you may have missed from the Australian GP [COMMENT]Toto Wolff makes Alonso point as Lewis Hamilton fears played down [ANALYSIS] After the Bahrain Grand Prix. Martin Brundle warned Hamilton would only stay in F1 if he was motivated. He predicted the seven-time champion would see beyond a “bumpy ride” to continue in the sport. However, Brundle did suggest if Hamilton was not winning races he may start not enjoying the experience as much as before. He said: ‘If he goes through the whole year and Mercedes are third fastest and others are catching them up, then I suspect he’ll take a different view and my enjoyment analogy will play out in that he won’t be enjoying it anymore.”