Next month the Queen's great-grandson Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor will celebrate his third birthday, and it seems like only yesterday Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex, debuted their firstborn at an adorable photocall at Windsor Castle. The Sussexes picked a unique name for their son, and it has now emerged the decision on what to call their firstborn was not straightforward for the pair.  Harry and Meghan were in the Netherlands over the weekend for the start of the Invictus Games in The Hague, and the Duchess chatted to a parent of a little boy named Harrison. Sherry McBain, 42, said her wife Mandy brought their little boy Harrison to a children's book reading attended by Meghan at the games in The Hague, and the pair got chatting. Ms McBain said: "She was like 'Harrison, that's Archie's middle name', and Mandy was like 'Yeah, I know'. "They were just having a chat because Harry and Meghan couldn't decide between Archie and Harrison for the first name."  READ MORE: 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed Archie has become an increasingly popular name for boys in recent years and, according to the Office for National Statistics, the name entered the top 10 names for boys in England and Wales for the first time in 2020. The name Archie was originally a shortened version of Archibald, and Archie is a German name meaning 'genuine', 'bold' and 'brave'. Harrison, on the other hand, is thought to mean 'son of Harry', making it a fitting choice for inclusion as Archie's middle name. Archie is arguably not a traditional royal name, with some of Archie's cousins Prince George and Princess Charlotte holding names that belonged to previous kings and queens of England.   But many aspects of Archie and his sister Lilibet's names are untraditional for royals, as despite being the great-grandchildren of the Queen, both Archie and Lilibet are without royal titles. Under the Letters Patent issued by King George V in 1917, only the monarch's sons, grandchildren through the male line, and the eldest son of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales are entitled to hold a Prince or Princess title. As the great-grandchildren of the Queen, Archie and Lilibet were not eligible for titles under the George V convention, but they will be when Prince Charles is King as they will be the grandchildren of the monarch through the male line. As Archie was not given a royal title, it was announced he would be known as Master Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, and he has not taken on his father's subsidiary title of Earl of Dumbarton.  DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle admits son Archie was almost named Harrison [INSIGHT]Loose Women's Carol blasts Harry and Meghan over balcony appearance [VIDEO]Queen's top fashion moments revealed - millions inspired by her style [ANALYSIS] Archie instead holds the surname of Mountbatten-Windsor as a member of the Royal Family, and the name pays tribute to Archie's late great-grandfather Prince Philip. Previously members of the Royal Family who needed a surname could use Windsor, the same name as the royal house. But the Queen and Prince Philip decided in 1960 that the name Mountbatten, the surname Philip took on when he became a naturalised British citizen in 1947, would be incorporated into the surname of their descendants. The surname of Mountbatten-Windsor first appeared on an official document on November 14, 1973, when Princess Anne signed the marriage register upon marrying Captain Mark Phillips. 