Meghan Markle's first podcast for Spotify will soon launch after the Duchess and her husband Prince Harry reportedly signed a lucrative deal with the audio streaming giant to host and produce podcasts in 2020 after they stepped down as members of the royal family. Loose Women panellist Jane Moore, 59, has called her move into question, as she urged Meghan to not play any "re-runs" from her sit-down interview with Oprah Winfrey. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex spoke openly with the billionaire broadcaster about their time as working royals in March 2021. Jane has advised Meghan to not replay her grievances which aired during her candid discussion with Oprah. It comes after claims of inconsistencies were addressed by royal experts following the interview. Writing in her recent column, Jane said: "Stop all the clocks, cut off the telephone, stop the dog from barking with a juicy bone ... the Duchess of Sussex is finally poised to launch her Spotify podcast this summer. READ MORE: Dan Walker 'missing' Football Focus role after Alex Scott replacement "The discussion points have yet to be made public, but she and Prince Harry have said they want to be 'responsible stewards of an audio landscape that is well resourced with quality, fact-based information'." Jane added to The Sun: "Better not broadcast a re-run of that Oprah interview, then." During the interview, the Sussexes spoke freely about their personal struggles and their lives as senior royals. The interview yielded many questions from the public with some praising the couple for "sharing their truth" while others have questioned how many of the claims are based on facts.  At one point during the interview, Meghan told Oprah: “[But] you know, three days before our wedding, we got married. No one knows that. “We called the Archbishop and we just said, ‘Look, this thing, this spectacle is for the world but we want our union between us.’ So, the vows that we have framed in our room are just the two of us in our backyard with the Archbishop of Canterbury.” Harry added: “Just the three of us.” The archbishop later addressed the comments by saying that Harry and Meghan's “legal wedding” was the one that took place in front of the masses at St. George's Chapel in 2018. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham shares gorgeous photo with rarely-seen parents[LATEST]Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress[PICTURES]Melanie Clark Pullen dead: EastEnders' star dies aged 46[TRIBUTES] Meanwhile, in a trailer for the upcoming series of her podcast, Meghan shared details about the series talking points which will hone in on stereotypes women face. She said: "This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us. "But where do these stereotypes come from? And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives? "This is Archetypes – the podcast where we dissect, explore and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. "I’ll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. "And I’ll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place." The launch of Archetypes comes after the couple became embroiled in a misinformation row with the streaming giant. Several artists previously ditched the platform due to controversial content such as The Joe Rogan Experience podcast, which has been known to air anti-vax views. Meghan's first series of her podcast will soon air in a matter of months. 