Making your own compost at home doesn't have to be difficult, and is a great way of reusing kitchen and garden wastes to make something useful. Speaking to Express.co.uk Simon Mellin, CEO and founder of the app-based grocery delivery service Modern Milkman explained: "Compost is full of nitrogen, phosphorous and potassium, as well as micro-nutrients that are essential to a plant’s overall health – meaning anything you’re growing will thrive." Based on their research, Modern Milkman found that although 70 percent of Britons claimed they wanted to do their bit to help the planet, 62 percent don’t compost. That's why the team are working to show people that compositing is "one of the easiest things we can do to reduce waste" - and can give your plants, flowers and crops a helpful boost along the way. Mr Mellin points out that it is also the "better option when it comes to choosing planet-friendly options at home". He said: "Compost is derived from all-natural materials, such as eggshells and banana skins – so there’s nothing artificial in there at all." READ MORE: Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay When it comes to making your own compost, there is a vast array of leftover food items that can do good. In fact, two of Mr Mellin's "favourite" food items to pop into the compost are pretty easy to come by, and common leftover items. He explained: "We get through a lot of eggs and vegetables in my household and being able to chuck the shells and scraps straight onto the compost is really handy – it feels great to make a meal from fresh and not have to throw anything away." But before chucking your vegetables into the compost, Mr Mellin advises making sure you've used them for all their worth. DON'T MISS When to plant runner beans - key date to plant for a summer harvest [REVEALED]Kill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water [INSIGHT]How to grow wisteria: Key care tips [EXPLAINER] He explained: "Vegetable stalks and peelings can be used to make soups and stocks, and fruits with damage or that are browning can be trimmed and used to make jams and preserves." Coffee grounds and tea leaves can also provide valuable nutrients to your compost bin. Mr Mellin added: "You just need to make sure you remove the pods and bags, as these can contain plastic, or check that the label states ‘home compostable’." Along with the good though there are also some foods you "should definitely avoid putting into your compost". Do you ever compost at home? Share your tips in the comments section below. The Modern Milkman advises against using meat, fish, cooked food, bread or oils. As well as food items, shredded paper (so long as it is not coated in plastic or with glitter), green leaves and grass clippings and small pieces of "soft" cardboard can also be used within your composting bin. The key to the "best compost", according to Mr Mellin, is finding "the right balance" in terms of the materials you are putting in. He said: "For the best compost you’ll need a 50/50 mix of green materials that are rich in Nitrogen and brown materials rich in Carbon. "Green materials include fruit and vegetable scraps, eggshells (always wash them first) and grass cuttings, whilst brown materials are things like dried leaves, paper and small bits of cardboard (think toilet roll inners) – this adds bulk to your heap and helps to manage the airflow." The expert also advises mixing your compost up between once and twice a month. He said: "You can use a garden fork and should move the scraps in the middle towards the outside, and vice versa. "Mixing improves airflow and ensures your heap isn’t too compacted, helping bacteria and fungi to thrive, meaning your scraps will break down more quickly."