Boris Johnson has given a frank assessment of Emmanuel Macron's attempts to talk Vladimir Putin into giving up the invasion of Ukraine. The Prime Minister was asked to comment on criticisms of the French President's dialogue with Putin while hosting a Number 10 press conference with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz. Mr Johnson told the Number 10 press conference: I've got to say I think that negotiating with Putin does not seem to me to be full of promise, and I don't feel that he can be the time that he can be trusted. "That's not to say I don't admire the efforts of people who try to find a way through. "But my own view is that I am deeply, deeply sceptical and I'm afraid cynical now about his assurances." Mr Scholz added: "The criticism voiced with regards to the French president is unjustified. JUST IN: Putin threatens to STARVE Germany in horror retaliation to measures  "But clearly he was very committed and in his, in his talks to the Ukrainian president, but also in his talks with the Russian president. "He tries to make his contribution to actually that we have the opportunity to achieve a ceasefire and a withdrawal of Russian troops. "I know that they are well because I am in close contact with a French president, just like with President Biden and Boris and many others. "It is very important that we have a clear stance. Only the Ukrainians will negotiate about their country about Ukraine. There's no one who talks to Putin, who would like to replace Ukraine."  Mr Johnson said on Friday after the meeting with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz that Britain will send Ukraine a further 100 million pounds of military support. The Prime Minister, hosting the new German chancellor for the first time at his Downing Street office, said the two west European nations had also agreed to cooperate more closely on energy to reduce Europe's reliance on Russian imports. The British prime minister also condemned a reported Russian attack on a train station in eastern Ukraine packed with women, children and elderly people fleeing the conflict, which Ukrainian authorities said had killed at least 39 people. "The attack ... shows the depths to which Putin's vaunted army has sunk," Mr Johnson told a news conference. DON'T MISSUS reveals hypersonic missile test, risks escalating Russia tension [REPORT]West urged to impose 'realistic red line' on Russia [COMMENTS]POLL: Would you pay more for energy bills to cut off ALL Russian gas? [POLL] "It is a war crime indiscriminately to attack civilians, and Russia's crimes in Ukraine will not go unnoticed or unpunished." Russia's defence ministry said the station was only used by Ukraine's military, and that its armed forces had no targets assigned in the city where the attack took place on Friday. Reuters could not verify what happened at the station. Johnson said the UK would send high-grade military equipment to Ukraine's armed forces, including more Starstreak anti-aircraft missiles, a British short-range air defence system.