Pensioners have been hit hard by the cost of living crisis engulfing the UK, as their income struggles to keep pace. Greg Marsh, Founder and CEO of Nous.co, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the importance of claiming pension benefits during these challenging financial times. The Government has made an effort to urge pensioners to claim Pension Credit, as it still goes unclaimed by many. As many as 850,000 people who could be eligible did not claim Pension Credit in the financial year 2019 to 2020 according to Government figures. Mr Marsh said he’s pleased to see that the Government is launching a campaign to increase awareness of Pension Credit because it’s long been under-claimed by those who are entitled to it. He said: “Some estimates have suggested that as many as one million pensions aren’t claiming, despite being entitled, meaning around £1.7billion is being left on the table. “And with difficult times ahead it’s only right that the Government take every step possible to ensure that those who are eligible receive the support to which they’re fully entitled.” READ MORE: ‘I’m in awe of you’ - Dragons’ Den cast ‘emotional’ after heartfelt pitch for £60,000 Pension Credit could allow lower income pensioners to boost their weekly income to £182.60 if they are single, or £278.70 if they are in a couple, once the rates increase on April 11, 2022. It also allows pensioners to claim a range of other benefits, such as the Warm Home Discount and Council Tax Reduction. Mr Marsh continued: “Of course, it remains a case of one step forward and two steps back because while this campaign is welcomed, the increase to state pensions is still running a long way behind inflation. “But none of us can afford to look a gift-horse in the mouth at the moment, so the increased emphasis on claiming Pension Credit is welcomed.” DON'T MISSState pension warning: Britons urged to check record to ensure they get full sum [WARNING]State pension to rise by £700 as triple lock is BACK - now pensioners must fight for it [STATE PENSION]State pension increase: Grandparents could boost their sum by up to £2,340 [INSIGHT] He believes that even after these changes take effect, most state pensioners will still be worse off than they were this time a year ago. The state pension will rise by 3.1 percent from April 11, 2022. However, the current rate of inflation is double that, sitting at 6.2 percent. The state pension had previously been expected to rise by more than eight percent before the triple lock policy was suspended for the 2022/23 tax year. Mr Marsh encouraged people to help spread the word amongst their own friends and family, because it could be as much as £3,330 per person. He shed some light on the scale of the problems pensioners are facing in terms of their energy bills. “The energy price cap was just over £1,100 at the start of 2021. It has just gone up from £1,300 to £2,000,” Mr Marsh said. “Our forecasts suggest that in October it is likely to rise again to as much as £3,000. “This means the average household in Britain will be more than £150 a month worse off in real terms by the end of the year because of energy costs alone – that's like having your annual salary cut by around £2,500. “And that’s just from domestic energy costs.” He explained that when taking into account rises to fuel prices, mortgage payments from higher interest rates, food inflation, train season tickets, council tax and other utilities, households are fighting against what in effect is a salary cut of over £5,000 a year. Mr Marsh concluded: “In the meantime, every household in the country needs to do what they can to make sure they know what is happening to their finances and that they are getting the best value on all their outgoings.”