Former snooker star John Virgo has urged the BBC to bring back quiz show Big Break. The 76-year-old believes the show could replicate the popularity it found in the 1990s, when it once attracted 13.9 million viewers. Virgo is currently commentating on the World Snooker Championship, with the semi-finals set to be contested before the final on Monday. He is reportedly willing to return to his ‘incredible’ presenting partnership alongside Jim Davidson, with the duo working together for 222 episodes spanning 14 series. Since then, Davidson has been cast aside after struggling in the modern comedy landscape. He was a victim of cancel culture after cracking controversial jokes about women and ethnic minorities as well as gay people and those with disabilities during his stand-up shows. While Virgo understands why the 68-year-old may have something of a ‘black mark’ against his name, he believes the pair could still get numbers and run a successful show. They no longer speak regularly but allegedly enjoy a stronger relationship with each other than most. READ MORE: Judd Trump's 'world seniors championship' joke ahead of Crucible semis “Jim is a comic genius,” Virgo said. “Yet he can’t appear on television because he has a black mark against his name. “It’s understandable. I just feel it’s a waste of a talent.” Big Break was dropped by the BBC in 2002, but Virgo hopes it makes a return to help boost snooker ratings. The show was so successful it massively helped Virgo’s dire financial situation, which saw his house get repossessed. DON'T MISSBBC to axe snooker commentators John Virgo and Dennis TaylorRonnie O'Sullivan and Laila Rouass 'giving things another go'Mark Williams becomes oldest Crucible semi-finalist for 37 years “It was life-changing,” Virgo added. “We replaced Question of Sport in their slot and the viewing figures were better than they had from the first day. “We were up against Blind Date and we were getting as many viewers. It was incredible.” His comments come after news emerged suggesting the BBC are set to drop Virgo and Dennis Taylor as commentators after the 2023 World Snooker Championship. Virgo revealed back in September that the BBC had told him this year’s tournament would be his last, but it appears he has earned something of ’a stay of execution’.