Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have had all eyes on them over the last couple of days as they appeared for the first time as a couple in Europe since stepping down as working royals. The couple have been in The Hague for the Invictus Games, however, they stopped off at Windsor Castle to visit Prince Charles and the Queen. Christine Lampard was joined by Russel Myers on Lorraine to discuss their visit as he revealed there could be a second one imminent, leaving the Royal family nervous. After speaking about their appearance at the Invictus Games, talk turned to the couple's visit to Windsor Castle before they made their way to the Netherlands. Christine began: "Talking about their new security and their trip to Britain as well, it is interesting to look forward to the Platinum Jubilee and whether they will be involved or not." Russel agreed: "Very interesting indeed that they have made this trip, especially when Harry said it was too dangerous for him to bring his family over to the UK. "But this does open the door, I was told over the weekend that Harry and Meghan are planning another imminent trip so that the Queen can meet their two children. READ MORE: Jane McDonald has 'awkward' moment as she boards boat in travel show "She has only met Archie a couple of times, and Lilibet, who was born about 10 months ago and she hasn't had the opportunity to meet her at all, so could this open the door for them coming back. "Certainly, there is a bit of nervousness within the palace and the Royal Family themselves because they're obviously hugely tracked at the Invictus Games by Netlfix documentary crew. "They [could] potentially be doing a fly on the wall series about their life outside their royal role, so who knows. "There is no doubt that if they did come over for the Platinum Jubilee, they would be welcomed by the family however, I do think there would be quite a bit of a fanfare, and there is nervousness there, I think." During their visit to Windsor Castle, Harry and Meghan reportedly met with Prince Charles as he was at the castle, standing in for the Queen at the Maundy Thursday service. According to royal commentator Richard Kay, the meeting with his father only lasted 15 minutes. He claimed Harry and Meghan's visit to the UK "will almost certainly have determined their long-term status within the Royal Family" but said that their meeting with Charles, in particular, was "the most important". He described it as a "crucial first step" in "reconciliation between the father and son". DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle 'missing' Archie and Lili at Invictus Games [INSIGHT]Prince Harry shares heartbreaking pledge for Archie and Lilibet [LATEST]Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed at Harry and Meghan's camera crew [WATCH] Writing in the Daily Mail, Richard continued: "In many ways, this was the most important of the two meetings. "Harry and his father have been barely speaking in recent months, and against such a background, he was understandably anxious about yesterday’s meeting with Harry." Senior sources have reportedly told The Sun the palace feared the couple’s visit could pave the way for them to return for the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations. However, the source added: “Charles wants the Platinum Jubilee to focus only on the Queen. “Many are disappointed that Andrew overshadowed Prince Philip's thanksgiving service and don't want the Meghan and Harry circus to hijack the Jubilee. “This is the Queen’s show and should be about her and her 70 years of service rather than Meghan’s fashion, the kids and Harry. "They don’t want it to become the Harry and Meghan show. Charles and all the family are agreed on that.” Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.