During an interview at the Invictus Games, Prince Harry said he had enjoyed seeing the Queen recently but wants to make sure she is "protected" and surrounded by "the right people". Debating the meaning of his statement on This Morning, Phillip Schofield argued Harry knows he "can't make a throw-away line" of that nature. It came as Camilla Tominey commented: "Maybe we're reading too much into it." She added: "He did sort of say, I felt, as a throw-away remark, to be honest. "I don't think he said it in a very calculated way there in that interview." Tom Swarbrick pointed out: "But that's also true of a lot of other things they've said isn't it? Again this throw-away line which explodes because they are who they are and they talking about a family that is so important." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge "Yeah, but even though he thinks he has backed away from that lifestyle and said how much it affected his mental health, he still knows how it works," Phillip commented. He argued: "He still knows that you can't, as him, have a throw-away line like that! "It will be analysed, it will be looked at and we don't know what the conversation was. "They may have been roaring their heads off laughing having a wonderful time saying 'lovely to see you, sorry we can't stay longer, good to see you granny', but a line like that is something that will be analysed."  Camilla agreed, adding: "Also, I think there's a bit of consternation about the fact they keep on treating the Queen separately to the rest of the family. "So they keep seeing the Queen and we understand that Prince Charles was in on that meeting with Camilla because as the Sunday papers suggested [they] sort of said, 'Well hang on you're not just seeing the Queen in isolation, we're a family here, there's things to discuss, are you coming to the jubilee?' "This idea of keeping the Queen sacrosanct sort of seems convenient for their aims, which is 'We are celebrities in the US but we've also got a foot in the royal camp because the Queen is my granny.'" DON'T MISS... Garraway erupts at Scully defending Johnson as he mentions Derek [VIDEO]Kate Garraway blasts Prince Harry's 'strange' comments about Queen [LATEST]A Place in the Sun star teases 'what happened next' episodes [EXCLUSIVE] The journalist went on: "But at the same time what about the rest of the family?" Harry made the surprising comments just a day after speculation he and Meghan might join the Royal Family on the balcony to celebrate the Queen's Jubilee later this year. Talking to TODAY host Hoda Kotb, Harry explained: "It was just so nice to see her [the Queen] you know, she's on great form, she's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm making sure she's protected and got the right people around her." He added: "Home for me now is for the time being is in the States and it feels that way as well. "We've been welcomed with open arms and we have such a great community up in Santa Barbara." The comments have left many baffled as they try to work out what Harry meant by "protection". As well as Schofield, ITV's Kate Garraway debated the meaning on Good Morning Britain as she remarked there's "never a quiet day" with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.