As it stands, residents in England are able to get the “freebie” benefit once they turn 60 years of age. In comparison, those who live in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are able to claim free prescriptions no matter what age they are. This has proven to be a point of contention as many people in England are forced to pay rising prescription costs while those in other parts of the UK do not. As a result of this disparity between England and the rest of the UK, many are calling for prescription costs to be scrapped. Recently, the Government confirmed it would freeze the average prescription charge at £9.35 per item to assist those with the cost of living crisis. While praising the decision, the Prescription Charges Coalition cited the disparity between the various countries in the UK when it comes to the benefit of free prescriptions. The Prescription Charges Coalition is a group of 52 charities and medical advocacy groups who are lobbying for the Government to scrap prescription charges all together.  READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  A Coalition spokesperson explained: “We welcome the decision to freeze prescription charges this year, however the English Government still lags behind their Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish counterparts in recognising that this charge is a false economy and must be scrapped entirely. “Despite the freeze, the cost of living continues to spiral, so pharmacists are seeing an increase in the number of people asking which items they could leave behind and live without, simply because they can not afford them. “It’s entirely unfair that the UK Government is putting this unnecessary pressure on pharmacists to have to provide counsel on which of these vital medications should be prioritised by the patient. “That is not their job and it’s seldom a simple answer.”  They added: “When people miss or delay taking essential medication, their condition deteriorates and they are more likely to rely on NHS services more, or even end up in hospital. “These are entirely avoidable admissions which cost the NHS millions, and can have damaging consequences for the patient. “We have recently seen that the UK Government is willing to make changes to how HRT is charged, but now it's time to make healthcare equitable for all.” A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60 years old, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link with the state pension age. “We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course.” Other examples of people who are eligible for free prescriptions in England are those who are 16 to 18 and in full-time education. Furthermore, people who are pregnant or have had a baby in the previous 12 months and have a valid maternity exemption certificate (MatEx). On top of this, claimants who have a specified medical condition and a corresponding valid medical exemption certificate (MedEx) will be able to receive the benefit. The MedEx certificate can be used for those who have a continuing physical disability that prevents them from getting about with the assistance of another person. Anyone who has a valid war pension exemption certificate where the prescription is for your accepted disability is also eligible for free prescriptions. NHS inpatients are also able to claim free prescriptions.