Newcastle are weighing up a summer move for West Ham winger and reported Liverpool target Jarrod Bowen, according to reports. The Magpies already look to be gearing up for their first full season under the stewardship of their Saudi-led ownership group by planning their recruitment strategy in advance of the summer months. Newcastle signed no less than five new players in the January transfer window and it seems as though another spending spree could be on the horizon when the bidding re-opens at the end of the season. Those in command at St James' Park are desperate to refresh the club's attacking options and have moved quickly to identify Bowen as a priority target, according to 90min.Bowen has long been linked with a future move to Liverpool, who were said to be considering a January bid for the West Ham ace before eventually snapping up Luis Diaz from Porto. Newcastle are said to be aware that the Reds may decide to firm up their interest over the coming months but will be 'ready to compete' for Bowen's signature if a two-horse race takes shape ahead of next season.Eddie Howe is understood to be a long-term admirer of the 25-year-old, who has chipped in with nine goals and eight assists in the Premier League for West Ham since the beginning of the campaign. Newcastle's recruitment staff have also issued glowing reports to the club's hierarchy as they look to rebuild their forward line over the next 12 months by landing at least two new wingers as well as a central striker. JUST IN: Thomas Tuchel admits he binged on chocolate in anger after Madrid loss Bowen remains contracted to West Ham until the summer of 2025 and is said to be enjoying life in east London after emerging as one of the club's most influential players over the last few years. However, he is yet to sign a new deal with the Hammers despite opening initial talks over the possibility of an extension towards the end of last year.West Ham are looking to make Bowen one of their highest-paid players in order to stave off the growing interest in his services from elsewhere in the Premier League. Newcastle would likely be able to either match or improve on any offer made by the Hammers, though, as a result of their superior financial backing. It remains to be seen whether Bowen will eventually make the switch to Tyneside over the coming months or if the Magpies will come up short in their efforts to secure his signature. Newcastle have already been warned by former Premier League goalkeeper Paddy Kenny that Bowen would undoubtedly command a transfer fee in excess of £50million as a result of his hugely influential status at the London Stadium."For Bowen, you are looking at a massive fee," Kenny told Football Insider earlier this year. "These big clubs have to know, these days they have to pay over the odds for these players."I think if you look at his form, his ability and how important he is you are looking at £50m, maybe even £60m. West Ham do not need to sell, that’s the key thing here, so it could take that for a bid to be accepted." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here