Fern Britton, 64, started this morning by taking to Twitter to wish all of her followers a Happy Easter Sunday. However, her day took a turn when she tripped up the stairs while holding a tray of tea. Fern shared the disastrous update in view of her 109,600 followers. She said: "THE GREAT EASTER TEA TRAY, TRIP happened at 8.00 am. "Two 1 pt mugs of tea. I full v hot teapot. 1/2 pint each of skimmed and full fat milk, the cat's breakfast (she likes it upstairs). "Searing heat thru nightie. Dragged @VaxUK from under the stairs. Making some headway now." (sic) READ MORE: 'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands In a follow up tweet she penned: "My skin stings and new stair carpet (every tread and riser) a disaster area!" Many social media users took to the post's comments section to share their worry over Fern's incident. ColMarie17 said: "Oh man I hope you haven't scolded yourself? Things can [will] only get better. Wishing you a brilliant rest of your day." "PatMasterman" added: "Hope you weren't scaled too much!" To which Fern replied: "It certainly stings!" Social media user Roz4luv questioned Fern as to why she had two cups of tea. She said: "TWO mugs? Interesting. Well that's one trip you won't forget in a hurry. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson defends Liz Hurley over starfish controversy [OPINION] Victoria Beckham celebrates birthday with unearthed childhood pic [INSTAGRAM] Jennifer Garner surprised by 'idol' Donny Osmond on 50th birthday [TWITTER] "Hope you're not too badly scalded." Fern made sure to hastily reply, as she penned: "One for me and one for my daughter." SieurdePonthieu commented: "Hope you've got some Aloe Vera for the scalded areas. "Concentrate on your skin first and the staircase second. Happy Easter x." Fern has twins Harry and Jack, 27, and daughter Grace, who was born in 1997, with her ex-husband Clive Jones. Fern and Clive separated in 1998, a year before the presenter met TV chef Phil Vickery. The couple met on BBC Two’s Ready Steady Cook and married in 2000 before welcoming their daughter Winnie in 2001. However they announced in January 2020 that they had sadly decided to separate.