Building homes with double garages for more than one car is old-fashioned and may harm the environment, according to a sustainability expert. Stefanie O’Gorman, who sits on the Scottish Government’s Climate Emergency Response Group, said construction of houses with double garages drove her “bonkers”. She recommended that neighbourhoods should be planned differently to help ensure families don’t need more than one car per household. This would be done by providing amenities such as shops and schools close by, meaning residents would not need to travel too far and could access them by foot or by bike. Stefanie O’Gorman is a director of sustainable economics at civil engineering firm Ramboll who has advised the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs on green spaces. Speaking at the Edinburgh Science Festival, she said the high number of cars was not sustainable. READ MORE: Driver clocked at 'ridiculous' 148mph She added: “Whole communities being a certain number of people with a certain number of cars is just not acceptable anymore.” Speaking afterwards she continued, saying: “Designing new homes with double garages doesn’t consider the social and cultural changes taking place as we adapt our lives to live more sustainably... we can’t afford for everybody to have two cars.” She also called for communities to be designed where people could stay their whole lives. Britain has an estimated 11 million garages, but a RAC study last year suggested more than half did not have cars in them – two-thirds using them for storage. DON'T MISSGrandad's fury as £37k Land Rover not built one year after order [INSIGHT]Diesel drivers face new parking costs three times higher than EVs [SHOCKING]Controversial EU law scrapped as motorists set to save £2billion [BREXIT WIN] Responding to her comments, AA spokesperson Luke Bosdet said many families “need two cars”. He continued: “There is a wider problem – to find affordable housing, people have to live further out... and then they need their cars for daily trips.” Mr Bosdet added that double garages “avoid paving over flowers and grass” and ensure “streets are not filled with cars parked up on pavements”. This comes as a number of prominent politicians have called for things to change to ensure that the use of cars is reduced. Transport minister Trudy Harrison called for the culture of car ownership to be phased out and instead support a system “fit for the future” by moving towards shared transport methods. A national scheme like this could include bike share schemes, car clubs, shared rides, e-scooters and digital demand responsive transport. She said the UK was at a “tipping point” and needed a “realistic option” for the public to get around and ensure mobility hubs are part of the future. More recently, London Mayor Sadiq Khan called for London and the UK to “significantly reduce car use” as new data found that London had the worst congestion in the world. He said that reducing car use was “the only long-term solution” to reduce pollution and clear the roads in and around London. The sale of new petrol and diesel cars will be banned from 2030, with a similar ban hitting hybrids five years later. The Government is aiming to become net zero by 2050 and hope that the drastic shift in vehicle use will help with its goal.