Manchester United owners the Glazers will be allowed to borrow more money despite the club’s huge debt, according to reports. The Americans are planning to revamp Old Trafford and want to make it the second biggest stadium in the United Kingdom. And any refurbishment may cost in the region of £200million. Manchester United announced last week they’d be using the same master planners who designed Tottenham’s stadium to oversee the revamp of Old Trafford. And, now, the Daily Mail say the Red Devils want to add around 15,000 more seats - while also upgrading their corporate facilities. It’s claimed an extension of the Sir Bobby Charlton stand is ‘on the cards’ and that the capacity of the arena is primed to go as high as 88,000. That would make it the biggest stadium in the United Kingdom behind Wembley, ahead of England’s Rugby home Twickenham. The work may cost more than £200m and the Glazers will be able to borrow more money, despite their debt being at £495m come the end of 2021. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United reportedly have 100,000 fans on the waiting list for season tickets. And they want to ensure there is ‘enough demand’ so the stadium can be full on a regular basis. In order to do that, though, United will likely need to start winning trophies again - having stopped doing that in recent years. Their last piece of silverware came back in 2017, when they claimed the Europa League trophy under Jose Mourinho. United did, for a while, look like they’d compete for major trophies when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players But they’ve gone from bad to worse since sacking the Norwegian in November, shortly after a 4-1 defeat to Watford. United do, though, still have a fighting chance of finishing fourth and bringing Champions League football to Old Trafford next term. Their 3-2 victory over Norwich on Saturday, coupled with losses for Tottenham and Arsenal on the same day, has given them a shot. United do, however, still have to go up against the likes of Liverpool, Chelsea and Arsenal before the season ends. And how they fare is something only time will tell. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United fans recently protested against the Glazers, making their voices heard before, during and after the match against Norwich. Yet there’s no sign of them selling up at the current moment in time, despite the opposition to their regime. Meanwhile, United legend Gary Neville recently opened up on the plans to improve Old Trafford. And he expressed a belief his old side actually require a brand new stadium, rather than a redevelopment. "They can then rebuild that stadium with £1billion, and it does probably need knocking down to be fair,” he said. “It doesn’t need renovating, it needs a new stadium. "That money can be funded from a 20-year contract by getting a sponsor in at £60-70million a year, call it ‘Something’ Old Trafford, but we have a brand new stadium, and again it resets the culture of Manchester United having the best stadium in the world. That needs to happen.” Old Trafford was first built all the way back in 1910. The opening match was between United and Liverpool, with the away side winning 4-3 in a seven-goal thriller.