The Masters remains the only one of golf's four majors that Rory McIlroy is yet to win. Now almost eight years removed from his most recent major championship triumph, the Northern Irishman won't be lacking in motivation to end that pursuit come Sunday. Speaking of motivation, the 32-year-old's wife, Erica Stoll, will provide some added impetus as she watches her beau compete in Georgia. The pair wed in 2017 and are now parents to one-year-old daughter, Poppy, but the story of how they met came under calamitous circumstances. A whole decade has passed since that fateful encounter during the 2012 Ryder Cup, though it would be another three years before they officially started dating. McIlroy was then in a relationship with Danish tennis star Caroline Wozniacki and got his tee times mixed up on the final Sunday, where the 'Miracle at Medinah' led to a famous European win on U.S. soil. McIlroy thought his match-up against Keegan Bradley kicked off at 12.25pm when it was in fact an hour earlier. Stoll was working for the PGA at the time and helped get McIlroy to the Illinois course via police escort with minutes to spare. READ MORE: Masters 2022 LIVE leaderboard: Tiger Woods tees off early to mark incredible comeback  He clearly didn't forget the favour, and around 12 months after his split with ex-fiancee Wozniacki in 2014, the golf star was in a relationship with Stoll. The pair announced their engagement in December 2015 and wed in April 2017, laying on a lavish affair at Ashford Castle in Cong, County Mayo, one of Ireland's most luxurious hotel venues. There, it's understood Stoll was serenaded by Stevie Wonder, who reportedly performed 'Isn't She Lovely' as the duo's first dance. Ed Sheeran and Coldplay's Chris Martin were also said to be in attendance, along with fellow golfers Shane Lowry, Paul McGinley, Padraig Harrington and Sergio Garcia. DON'T MISS    Regularly appearing alongside McIlroy at his tournaments, Stoll previously caddied for her husband at the Masters Par-3 Contest. This year, he took to the Augusta warm-up event with daughter Poppy and said: “It's funny. When you don't have children, the Par-3 seems like a bit of an afterthought, and then once kids arrive, it sort of becomes the highlight of the week in a way. So, yeah, I'm looking forward to it. It will be fun to get out there tomorrow and watch her run around.” He'll hope that may be the difference he needs to finally bring the green jacket home. McIlroy said he already has "wonderful memories" from his years competing at Augusta—where he debuted in 2009—but clinching his maiden Masters in front of his wife and child would top the billing.