Yorkshire Midwives on Call airs on the BBC and it has been dubbed the real-life Call The Midwife. The candid series sees camera crews gain access into the busy lives of the homebirth team. Laura and Gemma spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the joys of the job. The series follows the team as they work hard to meet the needs of expectant mothers and their families. Set in the district of Bradford from the inner city to the edge of the idyllic Yorkshire Dales, the cameras follow the homebirth team right through the experience to post-labour. Laura is the head midwife and she has been one of the original members since the team formed in March 2019. She has lived in Yorkshire all her life and loves the area, saying: "You get the best of all worlds. "You are out on the moors and you spend time driving around fields with sheep, but you are dropping back down to villages and towns. "Variety is the spice of life, too much of the same thing is a bad thing." READ MORE: Helen George husband: Is the Call The Midwife star married? The job definitely has its dream-like moments but there is always pressure to overcome. Laura explained: "We always laugh about midwives being like swans, calm on the surface but feet paddling underneath. "Whether it's an emergency at birth or something unexpected in the clinic, we all have a lot of experience in doing things. "A lot of situations we have dealt with before and you are prepared for the unexpected. "The team is really nice to work with, we have got each other's backs and there is time to chat things through. "It's very difficult to plan to the 'T', it just doesn't work like that and it's something new midwives find quite hard. The day gets planned as the day goes on." She explained how the team looks after families from all walks of life and no family is the same. Laura described the historical drama Call The Midwife as being most reflective of their day to day job. She said: "It's quite unusual to get a run of the mill experience. "Call The Midwife is much more similar to how we work, we focus on working with the family continuously." DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan says Meghan Markle ‘spun a yarn’ and ‘damaged monarchy’ [DISCUSSION] Former culture minister says BBC licence fee ‘will end in our lifetime [INTERVIEW] Strictly's Shirley Ballas 'wobble' after post 'hit a nerve' [INSIGHT] Getting used to the cameras was difficult at first but the crew soon became part of the team. Midwife Gemma is one of the newest midwives and she had no experience in homebirth when she joined. She explained: "I was newly qualified, some people thought I was mad but I thought it was a really good opportunity and I couldn't turn that down. "I have been in Yorkshire for 13 years and started my training six years ago so it feels like this is my home now." She stressed the importance of forming a close relationship with each mother and their family, as is the case in Call The Midwife. She said: "You need to know exactly what they want and how to facilitate that. "When you are in their house you are their guest, it's their space and you have to be respectful of that. "It's important that you have to be trusting. You just get to know all aspects of their lives and other stuff going on and they know all about us as well, it becomes very close. "They need to trust that if anything goes wrong or any plans change you are going to be there supporting them." Gemma has two sons and initially, she was worried about juggling work with family life, but she said the years of training were worth it in the end. She concluded: "It was difficult and studying takes a lot of time but there wasn't ever a point I felt I wanted to give up. "You just have to grin and bear it but it's worth it."  Yorkshire Midwives on Call airs on Monday BBC Two at 8pm