When the original Star Wars trilogy was being filmed from 1979-1983, George Lucas made things a lot more practical than they are today. Lucas auditioned amateur actors to play his iconic trio of heroes, and one of his best finds was Harrison Ford as Han Solo. The star was a carpenter at the time and would work on building houses all day before shooting the movies at night. However, the now infamously grumpy actor had a vicious temper when he was in his 30s. And something seemed to set him off into a fury that left him attacking the now-iconic set of Han Solo's spaceship, the Millennium Falcon. Luke actor Hamill recalled the event while looking back on the Disney franchise. He was asked who he had the best relationship with on set. The 70-year-old replied: "You heard about Harrison taking a saw to the Millennium Falcon because he got so mad? People were coming up to me going: 'You gotta stop Harrison, he's sawing up the Falcon.'" He added: "It was made of wood and he just took a saw to it." While Hamill didn't share what sent Ford into such a fit of powerful anger, he revealed that the special connection they shared allowed him to bring an end to the star's episode. Hamill started off by saying he "loves Harrison". He then recalled how he stopped the fury by telling a joke. The Joker star said: "I got to stop him because I can make him laugh when he gets really, really mad. And I had no stake in it." "He was with Carrie [Fisher] and I was still hanging out with Yoda," he went on. "He's hilarious - I told him: 'If you ever play anyone that's flawed, you'll win an Oscar.'" Hamill also offered an explanation as to why Ford was so angry that day on the set of Star Wars. READ MORE: Star Wars: Obi-Wan Kenobi series leak ‘reveals Darth Vader rematch’ Hamill explained the "tough guy" persona was ingrained in Ford. He said: "He has this really specific way he wants to be seen, and I think that's too bad because he's really funny. He's got a wonderfully wacky sense of humour." The actor then recalled a moment when Ford was dancing around in Hamill's dressing room, and generally being "a dancin' fool". But when someone walked into the room, he instantly froze and became the classic Han Solo persona. DON'T MISS...Captain Marvel changed Star Wars name from comic books [NEWS]Star Wars: Obi-Wan Kenobi series leak ‘reveals Darth Vader rematch’ [INFO]Obi-Wan Kenobi release date: Disney delays premiere to rival Netflix [INSIGHT] Hamill said: "The minute somebody comes to the door, he'd stop dead and stand there." Ford would say: "Yeah, okay, I'll be down to the set in a minute," before reverting to his dancing self as soon as the door shut. Hamill proudly added: "He'd only do it around me." (Via Empire) Years later, Ford spoke extremely highly of Hamill and the relationship they shared. Ford was quizzed over if he was "born cool". He replied: "When I met Mark Hamill, I really learned how to be cool. He’s just a really straightforward nice guy. He’s really a sweet guy." Both actors since returned to the big screen as Luke Skywalker and Han Solo for the sequel trilogy in 2017, but they didn't share any scenes together. You can watch the Star Wars franchise on Disney Plus now. SOURCE