Eamonn Holmes has fallen behind his Loose Women panellist wife Ruth Langsford when it comes to TV earnings for the first time ever, it’s reported. Ruth is said to have pocketed £3million in the last two years, while Eamonn earned less than half of that. Eamonn, who used to host This Morning with wife Ruth, is said to have made £1.3million in the last two years, according to the Daily Star. Ruth made more than double that, netting around £3million, reported the publication. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Ruth and Eamonn for comment. The famous couple presented This Morning together for 15 years, before they were axed in 2021 and replaced by Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary. Ruth remains a regular on Loose Women, while Eamonn landed a new role on the GB News breakfast show. They share a firm called Holmes and Away, which makes money from radio broadcasting, and Eamonn also owns personal service company Red, White and Green. Meanwhile, Ruth has her own firm called Hey-Ho Ltd, a theatrical business company. The couple are also known for their advertising work, with Eamonn appearing in commercials for Age Partnership and Revitive, the latter of which Ruth also appears in. Ruth has created and regularly promotes her own line of clothing with QVC. Earlier this year, Eamonn hit out at ITV, claiming the broadcaster gave him “no reason” as to why he and Ruth were dropped. “I just have issues with why they can’t tell you your time is up,” he told The Times. "Just have a conversation, any conversation. "I was given no reason why I was blocked.” The veteran reporter confirmed this move to GB News in December 2021, saying in a statement: “I've spent my career on broadcasting firsts and start-ups, and GB News is one of the most exciting yet. “It's just the kind of shake-up the industry needs. "I've admired GB News from the beginning for its clever mix of punchy debate but delivered with warmth and even some fun. "To me, the greatest honour in journalism is to give a voice and respect to the unheard, and that's exactly what GB News is all about." An ITV spokesperson also said at the time: “We would like to wish Eamonn all of the very best in his new role. “As a duo, Eamonn and Ruth have been part of the This Morning presenting team for the last 15 years and we thank Eamonn for all of his hard work and contribution to the show. "Ruth remains an important part of ITV Daytime both as a continuing member of the This Morning family and as an anchor presenter on Loose Women."