 People who suffer from chronic pain as a long-term condition could be eligible for Personal Independence Payments and Employment and Support Allowance if it limits their work capability. With millions of people successfully claiming the benefits, Britons are urged to apply for their entitlements instead of missing out.   Chronic pain can affect anyone, although most usually experience it after an injury or operation. It is described as pain that lasts longer than two weeks despite medical intervention and can have a massive impact on one’s daily life depending on where the pain emanates from. PIP provides for people with long-term physical or mental conditions, disabilities or illnesses. It is separated into two different aspects depending on the needs of applicants. READ MORE: 'It's more than painful' Widow in tears after losing over £150,000 and her home in scam     The daily living aspect provides slightly higher rates to support those who have difficulties with everyday tasks such as keeping clean or eating. The higher rate of the daily living aspect offers £92.40 per week with the lower rate providing £61.85. The second aspect, mobility, assists those who have difficulties navigating or moving around. Although, it should be noted that claimants don’t necessarily need a physical disability in order to claim the mobility aspect, as conditions like anxiety can factor into these difficulties.  Lower weekly rates for mobility aspect is currently £24.45 and the higher rate offers £64.50. People who receive the higher mobility rate could also qualify for the motability scheme, where their benefits can go towards helping them cover the costs of a car. Often, people who live with long-term conditions or illnesses like chronic pain find that they are unable to work due to their treatment, symptoms or requirements. This is where Employment and Support Allowance comes in as it provides for people who have a disability or condition that affects their ability to work.  ESA can provide financial assistance to help cover living costs for those without a salary or support for the claimant to get back into work. Britons can apply for this benefit regardless of their current employment status, although people cannot make a new claim for income-related ESA. Under the new style ESA, claimants will also benefit from National Insurance credits to top up their record and potentially boost their state pension amount. Generally, to qualify for new style ESA claimants must have been working in the last two to three years.  Additionally, they must have made or credited with class one or two National Insurance contributions during this time. During the application, claimants are assessed on their capability for work and will need to arrange a claimant commitment agreement. If a claimant is seen as able to get back into work in the future, they will be placed in the work-related activity group and receive £77 per week. Those that do not fall into this category will be placed in the support group and receive £117.60 per week.