 The incumbent, Emmanuel Macron, and National Rally leader Ms Le Pen will face each other in an election run-off in two weeks time after the pair garnered the most support in the first round of voting. With 97 percent of the votes counted Mr Macron had 27.6 percent of the vote, with Ms Le Pen on 23.41 percent, and left-wing candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon on 21.95 percent. However, the second round is projected to be extremely close, with Ifop pollster Françous Dabi predicting a 51 percent-49 percent victory for Mr Macron. And an Elabe poll put the gap at just 52 percent to 48 percent, with Mr Macron narrowly coming out on top. In February Ms Le Pen’s campaign was severely affected by the National Rally leader’s past ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin and a prominent falling out with her niece Marion Maréchal, who defected to Mr Zemmour’s campaign. Some polls had Mr Zemmour vying for second place in early February, however Ms Le Pen has since garnered significant support by campaigning on France’s cost of living crisis. The National Rally leader promised to cut taxes and waive income tax for the under-30s. Read More: Biden blasted after Boris visits Kyiv to meet Zelensky  Speaking to Express.co.uk last October, Dr David Lees, who is University of Warwick academic specialising in French history, culture and politics, said that Mr Zemmour’s candidacy would “sharpen Le Pen’s mind” and make her more effective than five years ago. Dr Lees said: “I think Zemmour is going to sharpen Le Pen’s mind. “I think Le Pen will be much sharper this time around compared to 2017. “To my mind, it looked as though Le Pen was on course to win.  “She messed it up really in the final debate. The final debate was very poor quality when it came to Le Pen’s approach. “She came across as being a raving right-winger when she needed to shift more to the centre to take on Macron. “I think this time [Mr Zemmour] will really focus her approach.” It appears Dr Lees’ prediction came true as Ms Le Pen largely distanced herself from the question of migration and travelled to small towns and villages across France, laying emphasis on the recently increased energy price hike and how this was, in her view, the doing of Mr Macron. Don't Miss: French Election: Le Pen in second round 'brilliant for Macron'[OPINION]Macron once infuriated NATO with 'dishonourable' EU army proposal[INSIGHT]Marine Le Pen once called for UK to 'rejoin reformed EU'[ANALYSIS]  He added: “The far-right ground is effectively occupied by both Le Pen and Zemmour so Macron now needs to try to shift across more towards the centre and centre-left to take control of that area.” Mr Zemmour’s nationalism saw him secure fourth place in yesterday’s election, with seven percent of the vote. The French journalist and pundit campaigned on a hard-line approach to immigration, pledging a program of ‘re-mitigation’ that would have seen a million foreigners deported from France within five years. Mr Zemmour found fame in France by popularising a debunked conspiracy theory called ‘The Great Replacement’, which claimed that white Europeans are being replaced by Muslims from Africa and the Middle East.  He has backed Ms Le Pen in the second round run-in with Mr Macron, while the National Rally leader has also garnered the support of Nationalist Nicolas Dupont-Aignan. Meanwhile, Mr Mélenchon warned his supporters they must not “give a single vote” to Ms Le Pen, but unlike most other candidates on the left he notably did not explicitly back Mr Macron. The veteran far-left candidate could play the role of kingmaker, having garnered more than a fifth of the vote, however it has been suggested that many of his supporters may sit out the second round and abstain. Dr Lees claimed weeks before the election’s first round that a run-off between a “sharper” Ms Le Pen and Mr Macron, would still be “brilliant” for the incumbent President. Speaking to Express.co.uk he said: “I do think if Le Pen makes it through to the second round it’s really quite brilliant for Macron.  “Here’s somebody who has had previous links with Putin, not in a statesman-like way but in a political way in Le Pen. “It’s somebody he can beat easily in a head-to-head debate.” Dr Lees added: “The televised debate is a massive thing in France ‒ the debate between the two rounds ‒ you have two leading candidates going head-to-head. “Le Pen clearly failed at that stage in 2017. “Macron is a very televisual figure who really does know how the media works.”