Katie Hill, 19, has played Sarah Sugden in Emmerdale since 2017 and has been the centre of many huge storylines since. The soap actress took to her Instagram today to share with her fans that she had arrived on set bright and early when she was not even supposed to be working. Katie took to Instagram and shared the blunder in view of her 60,000 followers. With a picture of the ITV studios and the blue skies, the star shared her annoying mishap. She penned: "Not me turning up to work at 7am to be told I'm not even in today." Sarah, who is Debbie Dingle's daughter, was originally played by Lily-May Bartley and Lucy Warren as a baby in 2005, then Amber Child-Cavill had the role for two years. READ MORE: Queer Eye star blasts royal who 'asked Harry about baby's skin colour' Sophia Amber Moore appeared in the role when she was a toddler in 2007 up until the age of 11 in 2016, but producers decided they needed to cast an older actress "due to the nature of the storyline of the character". In the soap, Andy Sugden (Kelvin Fletcher) is Sarah's dad, and he had a very close relationship with his daughter before he was forced to go on the run in 2016. Katie's character Sarah was named after Andy's late adoptive mother in the soap, who died in a fire he started in the barn back in 2000, not realising she was inside. Sarah has been the centre of many major storylines over the years mainly due to her ill-health. In 2011, six-year-old Sarah was diagnosed with a rare genetic disease called Fanconi anaemia, and she needed a bone marrow transplant to save her life. Debbie and Andy decided they needed to have another baby, as neither of them or their family members were a match for Sarah. Later in the year, Sarah took a turn for the worse and began developing leukaemia. Their new son Jack was born that same month, and he proved to be a match. DON'T MISS... Stacey Solomon on 'harsh reality' at home after Joe Swash 'loses it' [INSTAGRAM] Richard Madeley admits he isn't sure about GMB future after backlash [INSIGHT] Holly Willoughby sets record straight on This Morning exit rumours [COMMENT] In 2017, Sarah fell ill again as it was revealed to have throat cancer. After a crowdfunding campaign and help from Debbie's grandmother Faith Dingle, Sarah received treatment in Prague. A year later she suddenly collapsed and was confirmed to be suffering from heart failure, as a side effect of chemotherapy. While waiting for a transplant, a hospitalised Sarah suffered from a virus but eventually a donor was found for her and she underwent surgery. There were some complications after the heart didn't initially work as well as it should, but the medication soon stabilised her. Last year, Katie was also involved in a major storyline when she tracked down Chloe Harris online. She did this because it was Chloe's sister's heart she had received several years ago, saving her life. You can watch Emmerdale on ITV weekdays at 7.30pm