Russian military planners are sending forces to the Donbas region, where Kyiv says it’s preparing for the next stage of the invasion to focus. According to Britain’s intel update the easter side of Ukraine is set to expect a new wave of fighting brought on by Russian forces.  The update said: “The Ministry of Defence’s Defence Intelligence says fighting in eastern Ukraine will intensify over the next two to three weeks as Russia continues to refocus its efforts there. “Russian attacks remain focused on Ukrainian positions near Donetsk and Luhansk.” As hundreds of thousands of civilians escape for safety elsewhere, satellite images show large columns of Russian vehicles heading towards the Donbas in preparation for battle. Meanwhile, Ukrainian forces in the besieged city of Mariupol allege Russia targeted their soldiers with chemical weapons, but it is still not clear what happened.  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky voiced concerns that Russian forces could use chemical weapons in Ukraine but did not confirm whether they had been used in his daily video address late on Monday. He said: “Today, the occupiers issued a new statement, which testifies to their preparation for a new stage of terror against Ukraine and our defenders.” “One of the mouthpieces of the occupiers stated that they could use chemical weapons against the defenders of Mariupol. “We take this as seriously as possible.”  READ MORE: Big Power Switch Off: When will UK blackout take place? The US and Britain say they are looking into the reports of a chemical attack, however, right now no evidence has been presented to prove if it did take place. Western nations have warned that the use of chemical weapons would mark a dangerous escalation of the conflict and have pledged to take action if Russia carries out such attacks. Vladimir Putin has chosen his public appearances carefully throughout the conflict in Ukraine. On day 48 of the war, he held a press event at a spaceport in Russia's east to say his country would fight on until it achieved its goals.  DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson praised for ‘amazing PR team’ amid partygate fineRussian trawlers have access to £16m of fish in British watersNATO chief hints full-scale military force could be placed permanently