Erik ten Hag will suffer at Manchester United like previous managers if the structure at the club does not change, according to Simon Jordan. The ex-Crystal Palace chairman has warned Ten Hag ahead of his potential appointment at Old Trafford. United have reportedly chosen the Dutchman as their preferred candidate to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick. However, he has yet to decide whether he will accept the offer. The Red Devils are struggling on the pitch as well, with Champions League qualification looking further out of reach with each passing week. United will finish a fifth-successive season without silverware this term. Jordan says no manager will be able to make the necessary improvements on the playing side until the structure behind the boss is changed. He said in a furious rant on talkSPORT: "I don't care, Erik ten Hag will walk into this club and unless he's given a better framework to work in, he's going to suffer as well. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte 'gives approval' to sign new Cristian Romero partner  "He's going to have the same problems as well. The whole framework of Manchester United isn't root and branched. "With due respect to these guys - [Darren] Fletcher, [John] Murtough, Richard Arnold - they are not the best in class to get them to even have a whiff of City and Liverpool. I don't care who you bring in there. "You can bring in Houdini to escape from the problems and you can bring in Harry Potter to have the magical hands, you're not going to get proper people in there unless you get proper people to do jobs." United appointed Rangnick as interim boss in December following the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Jordan says he expected more from the German but says the players are also to blame for the club's failings. DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu left with egg on his face after double Kulusevski mistake [OPINION]Dele Alli struggles blamed on Everton as Neil Warnock makes wild transfer claim [QUOTES]Barcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal talks for Arsenal star Gabriel [GOSSIP]  He added: "I thought Rangnick was going to be more. I thought there was going to be a little bit more of the 'Ronseal' about him and there's not. "It's not the guy I thought he was going to be. But this club is becalmed. These players spend more time with energy off the field, with things they're trying to correct, Marcus Rashford correcting people's perspective about what's going on with him behind the scenes, Cristiano Ronaldo correcting people's perspective about what happened with him and a fan, than actually doing it on the pitch. "It is as much to do with the players and as much to do with the management structure behind the manager."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here