Dubbed Satan II by the west, the Russian-developed Sarmat-RS28 warhead has been successfully tested by the Kremlin, and could be used against Moscow’s enemies. President Putin unveiled the weapon to Russia on Wednesday evening. Speaking on Russian television, President Putin said: "The new complex has the highest tactical and technical characteristics and is capable of overcoming all modern means of anti-missile defence. It has no analogues in the world and won't have for a long time to come. “This truly unique weapon will strengthen the combat potential of our armed forces, reliably ensure Russia's security from external threats and provide food for thought for those who, in the heat of frenzied aggressive rhetoric, try to threaten our country." The President boasted that the weapon is "capable of overcoming all modern means of anti-missile defence. It has no analogues in the world and won't have for a long time to come". In a statement, Russia's defence ministry said: "Sarmat is the most powerful missile with the longest range of destruction of targets in the world, which will significantly increase the combat power of our country's strategic nuclear forces." READ MORE: US responds after Putin unveils 16,000mph 'Satan 2' rocket Russia's defence ministry said on Wednesday the Sarmat was fired from a silo launcher at 3.12pm Moscow time. The USA has confirmed they were pre-warned of the test, and it did not constitute a threat. It comes eight weeks into Russia’s war in Ukraine, during which President Putin put Moscow’s nuclear deterrents on high alert. Satan II’s official name is Sarmat RS-28, and it is an intercontinental ballistic missile. Sarmat can carry up to 16 nuclear warheads known as MIRVs, or Multiple Independently Targetable Re-Entry Vehicles.  DON'T MISSRussian oligarch breaks rank to slam Putin’s invasion of Ukraine [INSIGHT]Xi delivers devastating blow to Putin as China pulls plug on deal [REPORT]Russia in desperate bid to sidestep US as ruble collapses [INSIGHT] The devastating weapon reportedly has a range of 18,000km, or 11,000 miles, and can deliver up to 15 warheads while travelling at hypersonic speeds. It is estimated Sarmat can hit targets half way around the globe within an hour of being launched from northern Russia. Ian Williams, a fellow at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies thinktank, said: "This is probably the most destructive single weapon on earth.” Mr Williams said Sarmat could “destroy 10 cities with one missile” as the warheads within can be independently targeted. Sarmat has an explosive yield of up to 750 kilotons - to compare, the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima at the end of World War 2 was around 15 kilotons. Julian Lewis, the chairman of Parliament's intelligence and security committee, said: "Russia and the Western nuclear states have had the ability to annihilate each other ever since they acquired strategic nuclear bombers, followed by intercontinental ballistic missiles, over 60 years ago.” Mr Lewis said the weapon is not capable of evading the UK’s Trident system."Putin adding this new missile to his pre-existing 'overkill' capability makes absolutely no difference to the effectiveness of our Trident nuclear deterrent submarines." The reality of Russia using nuclear weapons in Ukraine has not been ruled out by US intelligence officials.