The social media platform said on Tuesday it will offer the Tesla boss a seat on its board of directors. Mr Musk reported in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing on Monday that he had amassed a nine percent stake in Twitter, making him the largest shareholder. The move prompted GB News presenter Nigel Farage to tweet: "Musk joining the Twitter board is the first step in the right direction. Bring back Trump!" A number of US Republicans praised news of Mr Musk's stake, including Republican Study Committee Chair, Representative Jim Banks, who tweeted: "If Elon Musk can clean up Twitter and stop online censorship, I'm all for him taking over the whole damn thing." Fellow Republican Lauren Boebert tweeted: "Now that Elon Musk is Twitter's largest shareholder, it's time to lift the political censorship. "Oh... and BRING BACK TRUMP!" Twitter permanently suspended Mr Trump's @realDonaldTrump account after the storming of the Capitol on January 6, 2021, over allegations of "the risk of further incitement of violence". It cited two tweets which it said were "likely to inspire others to replicate the violent acts that took place" at the Capitol. Mr Musk, reported to be the richest man in the world, has criticised the platform in the past for stifling free speech and has been rebuked for some of his own Twitter posts by regulators. Referencing Twitter chief exec Parag Agrawal, Mr Musk tweeted: "Looking forward to working with Parag & Twitter board to make significant improvements to Twitter in coming months."  READ MORE ABOUT A BOY KILLED IN A COT ACCIDENT Tesla Inc's CEO, who is worth an estimated £208 billion ($273billion), has provided scant detail about Twitter's future. A source said Mr Musk will not have a say on the platform's moderation, what speech gets banned or whose accounts get restored - a policy applying to all Twitter's board members. There are hopes that his presence can revive Twitter, which has struggled to attract users. After disclosing his stake on Monday, Mr Musk, who has 80 million followers, put out a poll on Twitter asking users if they want an edit button, a long-awaited feature which the social media platform has been working on.  DON'T MISS: Police launch urgent hunt after woman seen ‘assaulting baby' [REPORT] Prince Harry favourability PLUMMETS as royal fans turn on Duke [REVEALED] Hunt for commander dubbed ‘Butcher of Bucha’ [LATEST] More than four million Twitter users voted with 73.6 percent voting for the idea. In a tweet in last month, Mr Musk, who describes himself as a free speech absolutist, said: "Free speech is essential to a functioning democracy. Do you believe Twitter rigorously adheres to this principle?" A total of just over 70 percent of the more than two million Twitter users who responded said no. At news of Mr Musk's stake, the platform's co-founder Jack Dorsey tweeted that he was "really happy Elon is joining the Twitter board!", adding that Mr Agrawal and Mr Musk will make "an incredible team." Mr Trump was kicked off Twitter, Facebook and Youtube for allegedly inciting or glorifying violence during the Capitol riots. In February, he launched Truth Social, a platform which promised to give the former US president unfettered communication with the American public. Mr Trump's involvement with the platform remains unclear as he has written only one post - or "truth" - on the platform, stating on February 14: "Get Ready! Your favorite President will see you soon!" Downloads of the app hit 866,000 installations during its first week, but estimates from data analytics firm Sensor Tower reported 60,000 for the week beginning March 14. Tech entrepreneurs Josh Adams and Billy Boozer - the company's chiefs of technology and product development - have resigned their posts, according to sources. Meanwhile, Mr Trump's daughter Ivanka testified for about eight hours on Tuesday to a US House of Representatives committee investigating the Capitol siege. Representative Bennie Thompson, the panel's Democratic chairman, told reporters at the Capitol: "She's answering questions. I mean, you know, not in a broad, chatty term, but she's answering questions." Asked if he would describe Ms Trump as cooperating, Mr Thompson said: "She came in on her own, that has obviously significant value. We did not have to subpoena." Ms Trump's husband, Jared Kushner, spoke to the Select Committee last week, as the investigation into the attack expanded to include close relatives of the former president.