Expectations were high for Timeoue Bakayako when he arrived at Chelsea in 2017 for £40million. However, the Blues may finally be able to cash in on the midfielder after an underwhelming spell at the club. After winning the Premier League title the season before, Antonio Conte was allowed to spend big in the summer of 2017 to ensure that the trophy remained at Stamford Bridge. But despite spending over £185m, the signings failed to hit the mark and the club eventually finished fifth in the table. Bakayako was amongst the summer spending spree, with Alvaro Morata, Danny Drinkwater and Davide Zappacosta all arriving before the start of the season. Yet it only took one season for Chelsea to realise that Bakayako was not meeting the mark for a club wanting to contend for titles and he has spent every campaign since out on loan. The Frenchman is currently midway through a two-year spell at AC Milan, though CalcioMercato report that the Serie A outfit are keen to cut the loan short, which could allow the Blues to sell the former Monaco star. Chelsea are expected to change hands in the coming months due to the sanctions imposed on current owner Roman Abramovich, and it is likely that moving on players that are unlikely to ever feature in the Premier League again, like Bakayako, will be high on their ‘to do list’ upon their arrival. JUST IN: Alexandre Lacazette wants to leave Arsenal due to 'problems' with Mikel Arteta Bakayako has made just 13 appearances for Milan this season, starting five games and struggling to give manager Stefano Pioli a reason to play him regularly. The 27-year-old won’t attract a fee as significant as he did five years ago, but a bid of over £11m (his Transfermarkt valuation) could be good business for the Blues. Bakayako’s contract runs until 2024, a year after his loan spell at the Rossoneri club comes to an end. Therefore, if Milan decide against cutting the move in half then it means that Chelsea are unlikely to recoup any of their money on the midfielder as clubs will be able to wait 12 months and sign the France international on a free transfer instead. DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Harry Maguire to be 'benched' by Ralf Rangnick for crunch Arsenal clashJamie Carragher advises two Man Utd targets to 'run a mile' despite Ten Hag appointmentErik ten Hag shown first Man Utd task as Rangnick echoes Mourinho issue four years on Chelsea already have an abundance of talent in midfield and there is simply no room for Bakayako to move back into Thomas Tuchel’s squad. Jorginho, N’Golo Kante, Mateo Kovacic, Mason Mount and Ruben Loftus-Cheek give the club good depth in midfield. And with Ross Barkley likely to leave in the summer and Saul Niguez’s loan from Atletico Madrid concluding, youngsters Billy Gilmour and Conor Gallagher are both waiting in the wings to step up when called upon. Chelsea won’t have many better opportunities to sell Bakayako and it would be no surprise if discussions are had with AC Milan in advance of the summer transfer window opening.