Scratch Meals Ltd is adding an additional use-by date of March 29 to its recall of their Scratch Chicken and Veggie Tikka Masala dish with spiced brown rice as it contains incorrect ingredients. The popular dish contains Niacin and Zinc, non-allergen vitamin and mineral ingredients, which are not listed on the label. This means the Chicken and Veggie Tikka Masala may be unsafe to eat as the ingredients may cause an adverse reaction. Chicken and Veggie Tikka Masala with Spiced Brown Rice Pack size: 380g Use-by dates: March 27 2022, March 28 2022, March 29 2022, March 30 2022, March 31 2022, April 1 2022 and April 2 2022. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Pisces is 'especially hurt by deception' in love  The Chartered Trading Standards Institute explained: "The presence of niacin and zinc may cause a temporary adverse reaction. "Although they might cause discomfort, they are unlikely to pose a serious risk to health. "Symptoms caused by consuming large amount of niacin and zinc usually include hot flushes, tingly feelings, sickness and diarrhoea." Scratch Meals Ltd have recalled the product and shoppers are advised to return it to the store for a full refund. Sainsbury's said: "We are asking customers who have purchased this product to not consume it and to return it to their nearest Sainsbury's store where they will receive a full refund." The supermarket added: "No other Scratch Meals Ltd products are known to be affected." Supermarket Tesco recently announced other recalls such as the Trewithen Dairy Unsalted Butter. The retailer shared a recall for the butter as a precaution as some batches were found to contain high levels of E. coli. E. coli can cause symptoms such as severe stomach, diarrhoea and vomiting. Trewithen Dairy Unsalted Butter 250g Best before date: May 23, 2022 Batch code: G2 073 Chocolate manufacturer Ferrero has also recalled its Kinder Surprise product after concerns it could be linked to a number of reported cases of salmonella. Two popular UK supermarkets that stock Kinder Surprise are Tesco and Sainsbury's. However, the FSA explained: "Only Kinder Surprise products manufactured in Belgium are affected." Kinder Surprise Pack size: 20g and 20g x 3 Best before: All dates between July 11, 2022 and October 7, 2022