Neil Sean, who runs his own platform Daily News Headlines, has claimed that if there was a picture taken at Windsor Castle, as is reportedly customary when the Queen hosts people, it could be used by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in a Netflix show. The pair visited Her Majesty on April 14 before heading to The Hague, Netherlands to host the Invictus Games. Neil Sean said: “Whenever our gracious Majesty the Queen meets someone at Windsor, everything is recorded because it is seen as an official visit, even though it’s private. “Now what’s been really interesting with this private visit is where is the picture? More importantly, was there actually a picture taken? “I contacted my good sources at Windsor and they couldn't confirm or deny that there could have been a picture taken. “But if there was a picture taken, and we have to say as ever here, allegedly, that remains in the ownership of the crown, i.e. Her Majesty the Queen” He added: “Now, they were not allowed to take any pictures at the event, I’m told, and of course if they had done, either they are going to pop up on the Netflix documentary or, I’m sure, they would have been able to share them right now.” Netflix is reported to have sent a crew with the duke and duchess to film a documentary on the Invictus Games. But royal biographers have claimed that the couple took advantage of this to film their meeting with the Queen. Tom Bower, who has been writing an unauthorised biography of Meghan Markle, accused the couple of “exploiting” the monarch. READ MORE: 'Conflicted' Queen was 'supportive' of Megxit [REVEAL] Mr Bower said: “I have no doubt it was all done for their Netflix documentary. “The Queen's advisers failed to protect her from being exploited by the Royal Family's worst traducers, while the Sussexes exploited an old, unwell woman to boost their credibility and coffers.” Royal commentator Angela Levin said that the duke and duchess were “pretty disgusting” after the meeting. Holding nothing back, she said: “I think he took huge advantage of his grandmother.” DON'T MISS: Prince Harry was 'always' going to leave Royal Family [INSIGHT]‘Not bringing the children was another slap in the face to the Queen.’ [REVEAL]Thomas Markle savaged for 'constantly betraying' Meghan [REPORT]  She added: “I think she obviously loves him and although she might be unhappy about his behaviour, she does care about him very much indeed. “He wanted to use it as an introduction to the documentary he is doing with Netflix and I think that’s actually pretty disgusting.” Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announced on Friday that the next Invictus Games would be held in Vancouver and Whistler. The couple are expected to attend the event in February of 2025, where they could adopt hosting duties again. 