Lawn mowing is an important part of keeping your grass healthy and looking good. Done wrong, and your green expanse could turn brown and unattractive. Without regular mowing, even a fine turf quickly becomes just another weed patch. Grass specialists at LawnStarter have shared their top tips on how to cut grass the right way and when the perfect time to do this is. Mowing your lawn stimulates its growth. The experts explained ideally you mow when your lawn needs it. They said: “Whether you do it yourself or hire a lawn mowing service, the idea is to schedule your lawn mowing so that it occurs when the grass benefits most from it. “Often, that can mean regularly scheduled weekly mowing, but it can vary. “If you’ve recently fertilised, your grass will undergo a growth spurt, and you can increase the frequency to prevent excess accumulation of clippings. READ MORE: Lawn weeds: Mowing is ‘especially effective’ for removing dandelions “On the other hand, during a prolonged dry spell, your lawn would be best served by setting the mowing height higher and reducing mowing frequency so the grass plants can retain more moisture.” The proper height for your grass will depend on its species. However, over the years, lawn specialists have created one important rule - the one third rule. The gardening pros said: “The one third rule is critical. It states that you should never remove more than one third of your grass on any cutting. “If you’ve been out of town or just got a little backed up with other chores, no matter how tempting it is to whack it all down to size at once, don’t do it. “Adhere to the one third rule, and cut your grass down in increments. This will reduce the amount of stress you put on the grass.” All mowers will feature a height adjustment setting, so it is important to use it. To adjust your mower, don’t just eyeball it. Get out a tape measure and park your mower on a hard, even surface. Measure from that surface up to the blade. To adjust your mower to the right height, place it on a hard, even surface and measure from the blade to the hard surface. In many cases, you will find that the highest mower setting is the preferred cutting height. The lawn specialists noted that mid-morning is the best time to mow. DON'T MISS: Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [EXPERT]Cleaning: ‘Easiest’ way to remove mould from washing machine seals [COMMENT]Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [TIPS] They said: “If you start too early, there will still be dew on the grass that will make your lawn mower work harder and cause clumps of wet grass to accumulate on the mower and on your yard.” Before gardeners begin mowing their grass they need to make sure their mower blades are sharp enough. If you can’t remember the last time you sharpened your lawn mower blade, it’s time to do so. The experts explained: “A dull blade is about the worst thing you can do to a lawn. “When you tear the leaf, it opens it up for diseases to attack it. “A clean cut helps it regenerate a lot faster and be a healthier plant in the long run.” How often you need to get your blade sharpened will depend largely on how many hours of mowing it does. Mowing a large lawn frequently will cause more wear and tear than occasional use on a small patch of turf. Your lawn will tell you if you have a dull blade. Take a look at the evenness of the cut and whether the individual blades of grass have been neatly sheared. An uneven, tatty appearance and torn leaves are your cues that it’s time to sharpen the blade.