WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Outlander season six. Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) was furious when Malva (Jessica Reynolds) claimed Jamie (Sam Heughan) was the father of her unborn child. She told the young woman to stay away from her family but was left shaken when she discovered Malva with her throat slit in the vegetable patch. Claire tried to save her unborn baby but to no avail. The penultimate episode will see Claire accused of her murder as Tom Christie (Mark Lewis Jones) seeks to find out who killed his daughter. Will the accusations lead to Claire and Jamie fleeing Fraser’s Ridge? In a promo for episode seven, Tom remarks: “Your wife stands before us up to her elbows in blood.” “With a knife,” Allan Christie (Alexander Vlahos) adds before other settlers arrive wanting answers. Claire is tormented over Malva’s death and while Jamie does his best to find out who is responsible it’s not long before a wagon of men with guns arrive. Could they be here to arrest Claire for killing Malva? READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ Outlander fans have seen Claire struggle in the aftermath of her attack at the hands of Lionel Brown (Ned Dennehy) and his men in the season five finale. She has turned to relying on ether to help her forget her sexual assault and Malva’s death will no doubt add to her pain and torment. If it becomes too much for the time-travelling doctor, could Jamie decide it’s best to leave North America before the Revolutionary War kicks off and return to Scotland? The pair have not been to Scotland since season three where they reunited in Edinburgh after spending 20 years apart. A return to Jamie and his nephew Ian’s (John Bell) home of Lallybroch could certainly be on the cards as filming for the seventh season is reportedly taking place there. It’s been reported Midhope Castle, the real-life site which doubles as Lallybroch, has been closed to tourists while filming takes place. The castle will be closed for a number of days between May 2nd until June 20th. Fans who wish to the visit have been told: “Around the closure dates there will be 'partial access' - this basically means you can take a 'long shot' from the driveway. You won't be able to access the courtyard." DON'T MISS...Outlander season 6: Sam Heughan opens up on ‘unsettling’ filming [INSIGHT]Outlander boss teases more time-travellers after Wendigo twist [SPOILER]When is Outlander season 6, episode 7 out? [LATEST] While it may be disappointing news for those hoping to visit the filming location, it suggests Lallybroch could play a large part in season seven. Could it be Jamie decides Claire needs to be around family and those who will support her back in Scotland? But it’s not just Claire’s mental state which could lead to the decision to leave Fraser’s Ridge behind. Jamie has felt conflicted over which side he supports in the Revolutionary War and a return to Scotland could give him the chance to avoid the fight. Commenting on Claire’s knowledge of how the war unfolds, Caitriona told ET Online: “Unfortunately, she knows the outcome, but it's all those really important steps that lead up to it that she's not so clear on, which would be much more helpful to them. “I think it's a really tough position that they're in. “I think Jamie carries sort of the larger brunt of that burden, with having to decide where his loyalties are, his allegiances are, at any given time, because they know that at a certain point, they're going to have to go against the crown.” Outlander season 6 continues on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK on Sunday 24 April.