The big games do not stop at Liverpool where they face Manchester United next in the Premier League with the title in their sights. Cristiano Ronaldo might be the only man left to stop the Reds from winning the quadruple but Jurgen Klopp has the perfect answer to the Portuguese superstar. Liverpool boss Klopp has the ideal trick up his sleeve to put the brakes on a rampant Ronaldo ahead of a tasty clash with United this Tuesday night. The Reds know any dropped points from now until the end of the season could prove detrimental in their bid to win the Premier League. Manchester City lead their rivals by just one point in the table but the form on either side has been incredible and it does not look like anyone can stand on their way. That is until Tuesday night when Ronaldo will get the chance to put an end to Liverpool's winning streak. United are in the midst of a terrible season but can still have a major say in the title race when they travel to Anfield this week. But Klopp already has the ideal defender to stop Ronaldo getting his way. In Ibrahima Konate, Liverpool have a new hero at the back who can do it all. The Frenchman dominates in the air, absolutely rapid on the ground and has Virgil van Dijk applauding his defensive efforts. And that does not even mention his newfound touch in front of goal where he has scored three times in four games - against City and in both Champions League ties vs Benfica. Not only is the 22-year-old still a raw product, he already looks another masterstroke in the transfer window. Costing £40million from RB Leipzig where everyone was raving about his centre-back partner Dayot Upamecano, Konate can argue he has had a better season than his old pal - who to his credit has fit in seamlessly at Bayern Munich. Nevertheless, after an initial bedding-in process, Klopp looks like he has the long-term successor to Van Dijk in his ranks already - and the Dutchman knows it. “Very [impressive]. He has made a great impact, he is working hard every day; good mentality, work rate incredible,” Van Dijk said of his new defensive partner. “Obviously he has to perform when he is called upon and he is doing just that. Still so young it’s incredible how good he already is. “Everyone in Liverpool should appreciate what we got, the future is bright.” Ronaldo has rediscovered his goalscoring touch after a fine hat-trick against Norwich to rope United to victory against the Premier League basement dwellers. But Konate will represent a completely different challenge and one that could prove pivotal in what could be an absolute classic.