Lewis Hamilton's disastrous start to the 2022 F1 season continued at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix as he suffered the humiliation of being lapped by Max Verstappen. The seven-time world champion started the race 14th on the grid, and was only able to gain one place in the wet weather as he again looked way off the pace. It compounded an awful weekend for Hamilton, who exited in Q2 on Friday, before making no impression in the Saturday Sprint Race. And the first race of the campaign in Bahrain, where he benefited from both Red Bull drivers retiring late on to finish third, remains his high point of the year. A week after that he failed to get past Q1 in Saudi Arabia, finishing 10th the next day before then taking fifth place in Australia. But following his latest blow, the 2021 season - where Hamilton and Verstappen battled it out for the title right up until the final lap of the season - appears a distant memory. And that notion was rammed home on Sunday due to the fact that the Dutchman lapped him on his way to taking the chequered flag. The last time that happened was at the 2017 Mexico Grand Prix, when Hamilton was struggling with rear diffuser damage. JUST IN: Charles Leclerc apologises to Ferrari after going 'over the limit' with Imola GP spin The irony was noted on social media, with the @ESPNF1 account tweeting: "Max Verstappen has just lapped Lewis Hamilton. How times have changed..." while @joshrevellyt added: "Hamilton lapped by Verstappen. This seriously wasn’t on my 2022 F1 bingo card." The British driver himself said “This shows how wrong we’ve got it," when asked by reporters about being overtaken by the winner, and then reiterated his view that he can't challenge for the championship this year: "I am out of the championship, for sure. There's no question about that. I will still keep working as hard as I can and pull it back together somehow." DON'T MISS:Max Verstappen felt Imola win was 'deserved' as Charles Leclerc pays for his mistakeCharles Leclerc spotted head in hands after blowing Imola podium with 'greedy' mistakeLewis Hamilton 'will be questioning Mercedes future' amid Ferrari and Red Bull gap  Team-mate George Russell however, did manage to make his way up the field. Starting 11th on the grid, he eventually finished fourth to add to the mystery of why Hamilton is struggling so much in his W13. Current championship leader Charles Leclerc could only finish eighth after spinning off when trying to hunt down second-placed Sergio Perez. It means the gap between him and Verstappen is down to 27 points.