When Johnny Depp pursued his case in the UK against a British newspaper that had branded him a "wife-beater", the court ruled that he had struck her on 12 out of 14 occasions, and included photos and audio evidence in their decisions. However, on the stand at Fairfax, Virginia, Johnny is hoping for a different result, maintaining that it was merely angry text messages and arguments on his part, for which he feels deep regret. "There were arguments and things of that nature," he acknowledged to the court. "But never did I myself reach the point of striking Ms Heard in any way, nor have I struck any woman in my life." Johnny apologised for writing "dark" texts about Amber to his childhood friend Isaac Baruch, in which he said he wished her "rotting corpse" was "decomposing in the f****ng trunk of a Honda Civic". He claimed that the "dark humour", inspired by Monty Python, surfaced as a way for him to deal with his mental anguish. READ NOW: Piers Morgan fires back as Laurence Fox brands him ‘chubby slug’ "I’m ashamed of some of the references made. I’m embarrassed that at the time the heat of the moment, the heat of the pain that I was feeling went to dark places," he told the court. "Sometimes pain has to be dealt with with humour and sometimes dark, very dark humour." The court had previously heard from the pair's marriage guidance therapist that both parties had experienced domestic violence at home. Johnny elaborated on that testimony in court yesterday, when he testified that he had first started using drugs at age 11 to escape the anguish at home. He said he would use his mother's prescription medication "to escape the chaotic nature of what we were living through". "I’d bring my mum her nerve pill [and] I’d take one myself to escape caring so much, feeling so much," he claimed, adding: "Can’t say I’m proud of admitting that." He elaborated: "I’ve never taken any substance for a party. I’ve taken these substances on and off to numb myself of the ghosts, the wraiths that were still with me from my youth. "Essentially self medication, one of those get-me-out-of-here moments. You want to escape from your own brain, your own head." DON'T MISS: Richard Madeley admits he isn't sure about GMB future after backlash Carol Kirkwood sets record straight on BBC Breakfast future Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ However, he insisted: "I am not some maniac who needs to be high or loaded all the time.” Johnny and Amber met on the set of the The Rum Diary back in 2009 and began an ill-fated relationship, which resulted in a marriage in 2015. The couple announced they would be filing for divorce the very next year, and by 2019, Johnny had sued The Sun newspaper for describing him as a "wife-beater". He lost the case when Judge Andrew Nicol ultimately ruled that the allegations against him were "substantially true". His legal team describe this as "categorically and demonstrably" false and will be suing Amber for $50 million for defamation, citing an article she wrote in the Washington Post where she described herself as a victim of "sexual violence". Amber is counter-suing for $100 million on account of "nuisance" - and both parties say that they have lost lucrative film roles and opportunities in the aftermath of the spat between them, due to the bad publicity it caused. Johnny now insists: "My goal is the truth".