Arsenal are being linked with a move for Aston Villa's Douglas Luiz and Kevin Campbell is excited about the idea of the midfielder heading to the Emirates. The lack of depth in Arsenal's squad has been exposed in recent weeks following three consecutive defeats. Thomas Partey is likely to miss the remainder of the season, which has forced Mikel Arteta to change things up in midfield. Summer signing Albert Sambi Lokonga was Arsenal's sole defensive-minded midfielder against Brighton as Arteta went on the offensive with both Emile Smith Rowe and Martin Odegaard starting alongside each other. Last time out, Granit Xhaka returned to the starting line-up to start with Lokonga in midfield, but that also failed to work as the Gunners dropped down to sixth in the table. Lokonga, Partey and Xhaka are the main options to play in midfield behind Smith Rowe and Odegaard with the likes of Mohamed Elneny, Matteo Guendouzi and Lucas Torreira all set to leave this summer. Signings are expected to be made all over the park for Arsenal in a bid to bolster Arteta's squad. Luiz has been touted as a possible target for Arsenal in the summer transfer window. JUST IN: Lacazette drops hint at next destination with Arsenal future in doubt  And former Gunners forward Campbell believes Luiz could be the perfect option to come in and improve Arsenal's squad. “I think he’d be a great partner for Partey," he told Football Insider. “You can see us struggling in midfield right now. [Mohamed] Elneny is not the answer. He will be gone at the end of the season. “[Granit] Xhaka is our second best because he is experienced in there but I still have a question mark over him.Douglas Luiz is hungry, young and is a good ball player. I think he could come in and do a really good job. DON'T MISS  “We need numbers as well. It is not just a matter of signing starters. We need a squad. At the moment our squad is not up to scratch. We are weaker than other teams.” Arsenal were the Premier League's biggest spenders last summer with over £150million used on the likes of Odegaard and Aaron Ramsdale. The Gunners have a clear transfer strategy in targeting young and promising players as opposed to bringing in experienced internationals. Luiz is still just 23 years of age, but already has three years of Premier League experience under his belt since joining Villa from Manchester City.