Chase, a banking subordinate of JP Morgan Chase, is offering customers a rate of 1.5 percent AER on its new current account. This latest offering is available to all customers, whether they are existing or brand new, and can be accessed through JP Morgan Chase’s app. The app includes 24-hour support for all those who need assistance with their savings account. One of the many features of this latest savings account is that the bank’s customers will be able to deposit up to £250,000. On top of this, they will be able to access their funds as often as they like with no fees, charges or loss of interest. Savers who decide to get an account with the bank can open multiple savings accounts to accommodate their financial needs and goals. Every Chase saver account has a unique account number, which allows the bank’s customers and loved ones to pay in directly from other providers.  READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  As well as this, every account can be named so it can be personalised by the saver towards their savings or spending ambitions. Shaun Port, the managing director of Savings and Investments for Chase in the UK, outlined why the bank has decided to launch this product into the market. Mr Port said: “With the cost of living increasing, we know that consumers want to maximise the interest they can earn with the reassurance of being able to access their savings instantly. “We have designed the Chase saver account to provide our customers with maximum flexibility alongside a competitive rate.  “Savers can set up multiple accounts via the Chase app, each with a unique account number, making it easy to organise their savings for specific goals. “There are no fees or charges when customers move money out of their saver accounts, no monthly caps on how much can be saved provided total savings are within the £250,000 limit for all saver accounts.” This latest savings account on the market will come as a relief to everyday savers who have little opportunity to boost their finances over the last couple of years. Last month, the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) announced its third consecutive hike to the base rate, increasing it to 0.75 percent. Much criticism has been directed towards banks for reportedly not passing on this interest rate hike to their customers. Janet Mui, the head of market analysis at Brewin Dolphin, outlined why savers have been missing out as of late. Ms Mui explained: “Savers are facing a double whammy of inflation being more than five percent and 13 years of ultra-low interest rates. “They are losing money in real terms as inflation erodes the spending power of their cash, and as we can see from the chart, it’s not an insignificant sum.” Rob Burgeman, an investment manager at Brewin Dolphin, suggests more people may end up choosing to invest than save due to soaring inflation. He said: “Whilst we advise our clients to have enough cash reserves to cover themselves for at least six months’ expenditure, significantly larger sums should be invested for the long term to avoid the corrosive power of high inflation that we are now experiencing. “People’s attitudes to taking risk with their money varies. Some clients would prefer to take as little risk as possible but want enough of their portfolio invested to beat inflation. Others are willing to take more risk for the potential of higher returns. “If you choose the safest option of leaving your savings in cash, at least do it in the knowledge that there is a cost - and, at the moment, a quite substantial cost, and you are getting a negative return in real, inflation adjusted terms in what your money can buy for you.”