Vladimir Putin will declare all-out imminently as “payback” for the current failures of his war in Ukraine, both Russian sources and Western officials have indicated. The Russian President has banned Russian media from using the word “war”, instead labelling the assault on Ukraine a “special operation”. More than two months after the initial invasion, the offensive has largely stalled. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said on Thursday that Putin would likely announce general mobilisation of the Russian population imminently to make up for losses. He said: “He is probably going to declare…that we are now at war with the world’s Nazis and we need to mass mobilise the Russian people.” Mr Wallace warned Putin could use Russia’s Victory Day celebrations on May 9 to set the stage for a “greater call to arms”. Putin’s forces have been halted by a fierce Ukrainian resistance, an abundance of technical and organisational issues, and dangerously low morale. Express.co.uk analyses Putin’s military arsenal, with Global Firepower declaring Russia the second-strongest country globally behind the US. Russia is estimated to have just shy of 70 million people available for military service, with 46.5 million “fit-for service”. READ MORE: Ghost of Kyiv hero of Ukraine war dies in battle It has 850,000 active personnel, with a further 250,000 in reserve. Unlike the UK, the Russian military consists of both volunteers and conscripts, with approximately 1.3 million people reaching military age each year. Russia boasts an estimated 4,173 military aircraft, including 772 fighter jets. The US, in contrast, has more than 13,000 aircraft at its disposal. In terms of tanks, Russia has 12,420 and a further 30,122 armoured vehicles. It also boasts some 3,391 rocket projectors. The UK reportedly has just 227 tanks available, ranking 58th in the world behind the likes of Armenia, Eritrea and Taiwan. Russia also boasts an impressive naval fleet, but has just one aircraft carrier, the Admiral Kunznetsov. It has 70 submarines, 59 patrol vessels, 15 destroyers and 11 frigates — smaller, less capable ships generally designed for escorting support ships and convoys. A new report published this week by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute confirmed Russia boosted its military budget in the build-up to the war in Ukraine. The Kremlin’s official military expenditure increased by 2.9 percent in 2021 to $65.9billion (£52.4billion), just over four percent of Russia’s GDP. Despite the significant defence costs, the Russian military is in horrendous condition. DON'T MISS:Ukrainian journalist killed by Russian airstrike in Kyiv [NEW]Ukraine LIVE: Putin allies encourage brutal attack on UK [REPORT]Putin's evil knows no bounds: Russian troops kidnap paramedics on way [LATEST] The Ukrainian Ministry of Defence claimed in its latest update that Russia has lost some 23,000 troops. A reported 16 tanks were lost in one day on Wednesday as the Donbas offensive falters, with 29 Armoured Protected Vehicles also destroyed. An estimated 155 helicopters have been downed, a further 189 planes destroyed, and eight boats sank. Alexander Crowther, a defence expert at the Centre for European Policy, examined the state of the Russia military in an essay this month. He wrote: “Russia's dismal military performance in Ukraine has shown not only that it has failed to achieve several of its stated priorities, but also that it has ignored the basic building blocks central to the efficient working of military forces.” The Ukrainian Ministry of Defence claimed in its latest update that Russia has lost some 23,000 troops. A reported 16 tanks were lost in one day on Wednesday as the Donbas offensive falters, with 29 Armoured Protected Vehicles also destroyed. An estimated 155 helicopters have been downed, a further 189 planes destroyed, and eight boats sank. Alexander Crowther, a defence expert at the Centre for European Policy, examined the state of the Russia military in an essay this month. He wrote: “Russia's dismal military performance in Ukraine has shown not only that it has failed to achieve several of its stated priorities, but also that it has ignored the basic building blocks central to the efficient working of military forces.” Rainy spring weather has left troops vulnerable to counter attacks on the ground, with resistance fighters inflicting “colossal losses” on Russian military convoys. The mud has left them with no choice but to stick to single-file formations on paved surfaces, making them easy pickings for the Ukrainians. Russia has stepped up its attacks on other parts of Ukraine in the wake of failures in the east of the country. At least one person died and a further 10 injured in a missile attack on a 25-storey block of flats and a factory in Kyiv, barely an hour after UN secretary general Antonio Guterres had held a press conference with Volodymyr Zelensky in the city.