The Prime Minister and his Chancellor Rishi Sunak were issued with fixed penalty notices following the Metropolitan Police's Operation Hillman investigation into partygate. However, the PM may still face more fines.  Mr Johnson has previously apologised for attending the “bring your own booze” event, saying he “believed implicitly” it was a work event. Strict Covid rules were in place when the event was held on 20 May 2020. People could not leave their homes, or be outside the place they lived, without a reasonable excuse, which included work where you couldn't work from home. On the same day, the Government's Twitter account reminded people of the existing guidance that gatherings must be limited to two people outside.  On Friday, Mr Johnson arrived back in the UK after a two-day trip to India, during which he played down the partygate row, saying voters wanted the Government to “focus on the issues on which we were elected”. In January, Mr Johnson confirmed he had attended the garden party for 25 minutes to thank the staff for their work, but said in hindsight he should have sent everyone back inside. The event came to light via a leaked email from Mr Johnson's then principal private secretary, Martin Reynolds, inviting people to “make the most of the lovely weather”. The email was sent to a distribution list of around 100 people, and the BBC has been told about 30 people attended.  READ MORE: Sterling plunges to lowest level in two years as UK economy battered Earlier this month, Mr Johnson, his wife Carrie, and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were fined by the police for breaching lockdown rules by attending a gathering to celebrate his birthday in June 2020. All three apologised but Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak rejected calls to resign. While appearing on GB News last night, Ms Dodswoth was asked whether Mr Johnson would be able to “survive the crisis”, to which she replied: “Yes, I think he will. “I think if he went now he would be going for the wrong reason. Obviously, it was wrong to break the rule, he was hypocritical, and disrespectful to the nation.  DON'T MISS:Ultra-rare 10-foot beast washes up on beach ALIVEBoris Johnson’s leadership compared to ‘old Monty Python sketch'Boris vows to send Ukraine ‘heavier weaponry’ “But the problem is as much as the rules, the fact that he broke that is the fact that he presided over the creation of them. “What we did is criminalise, completely normal, basic, fundamental, human behaviour and that’s really the true evil. “People were given fines for sitting, having picnics, having tea with their neighbours and now for having cheese and wine and birthday cake. “What I actually much rather see happen is amnesty for everybody who is given a penalty fine. “Boris Johnson seems to do quite interesting things when he is on the backfoot. “Actually, we are seeing the Boris Johnson back who was elected and that’s good. “Instead, let’s hold his feet to the fire during inquiry and make sure all the criticism and punishment comes for the right reasons, which is the inherent flaws of the lockdown and not breaking the rules. “Many people around the country break the rules because they were ridiculous and they were brand new. We still don’t have good convincing evidence that they worked.” 