Wendy (played by Susan Cookson) will take to the stand as part of Meena Jutla's (Paige Sandhu) murder trial later this week as the Emmerdale villain's legal team think their defendant's former colleague can give a glowing review of the guilty party. The beloved villager has been tentative about giving evidence as she knows the likes of Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson) are relying on her to send the serial killer down. However, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, she could be the one who is put under the spotlight as Liam could tip off the courts Wendy is not a reliable source of information. It was revealed last year Wendy was not actually a registered nurse as she had never completed her nurse training whilst at university. This was because her abusive ex-husband, Russ Posner (Rob Jarvis), had got her involved with his drug schemes when they were younger. As she was caught out, the beloved villager was charged by the police and this meant her professional career was over. Except, when she changed her name to take on Posner, she reapplied to be a nurse, despite not having the qualifications, and was granted the certification. At the moment, only Liam and Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) know the truth but the former could tell the courts his employee has been committing fraud and she is a criminal. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces This theory comes following a conversation the doctor had with his employee towards the end of Tuesday night's episode. With his testimony having fallen flat and Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) also struggling on the stand, he urged Wendy to help them. "You cannot give them an inch tomorrow," he told the nurse whilst waiting to be served in the Woolpack after day two of the trial. "They won't care about me. I'm not important. The only reason they're hearing my evidence before Meena's because I have an emergency work appointment I can't get out of," she replied. "Well maybe they think what you've got to say is so important that they are willing to make an exception," Liam added. "Even if it is, I'm just going to tell them about the woman I know," Wendy said teasing the fact she might paint Meena in a better light. Liam made a subtle threat as he told her: "Who you must know is evil like Russ was evil. Who threatened to expose you and then I covered for you." Although, Wendy tried to stick up for herself as she said: "Look, I'm sorry Liam, I know how much you need this but I am not going to lie about Meena in court." "Which is why she chose you," he replied, feeling frustrated his daughter's killer could be painted to be a good person. "No she chose me because she thinks I am a pushover and that she thinks she can get her legal team to manipulate me and to get me to say anything they need," she added. DON'T MISS...Paige Sandhu health: Soap star on 'terrible' anxiety - symptoms [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Paige Sandhu teases Meena’s trial fate in tense scenes [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] "They're clever," he remarked, stating they would use anything they could to make Meena look like a pillar of the community. "They're not that clever and don't forget, I shared a house with Ben and Andrea," Wendy continued, expressing how she had people who were also killed by Meena who needed justice. "I lost two very dear friends. There's nothing I will say that is going to stop Meena from getting everything she deserves." However, following this conversation, Liam still might think there is a possibility Wendy could crumble on the stand. Although he has harboured her secret for several months, he could betray his friend and employee in the worst possible way. Reporting Wendy to the authorities, she could be arrested for fraud and questioned as to why she did it and how she has gotten away with it for so long. Wendy would explain she never put anyone in any danger and has helped countless patients over the years as a midwife. Unless this wouldn't be enough for her to avoid prison time as not only would she miss her chance to speak at the trial, she would be sent to jail. With a good number of years placed on her head, this could result in the character leaving the village and the show. However, she could accept her fate as she knows this secret has weighed her down for far too years of her life already. Discussing her character's secret last year, the actress who plays Wendy, Susan, stipulated how her character was forced into a situation she couldn't get out of. The actress said: "When [Wendy and Russ] were married, she had to know her place and keep quiet. He held the purse strings and he was in control. "Wendy is not weak and she does know her own mind but she was young and was influenced into this lifestyle. But she has a moral compass and eventually escaped." But will Russ be the reason she has her freedom ripped away from her? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.