Villarreal midfielder Etienne Capoue took the opportunity to rub salt into Bayern Munich boss Julian Nagelsmann's wounds after a famous win at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday. Nagelsmann's previous comments suggested that he felt the Spanish side could be dealt with fairly easily, but Unai Emery's men made life extremely difficult over the two legs. Against a team with as much quality as Bayern, Villarreal knew that they would have to be clinical when presented with chances. That is exactly what they did in the first leg when Arnaut Danjuma converted their only shot on target to send them to Munich with a 1-0 lead. It looked as though Bayern would work their way back into the tie when Robert Lewandowski fired in off the post shortly after the half-time interval, but more chances went begging which left the door ajar. Samuel Chukwueze then pounced in the 88th minute to finish off a sweeping counter-attack and spark bedlam in the visiting dugout. After the final whistle, Capoue said: "When the draw came out and Villarreal played, [Bayern's] coach disrespected not Villarreal but football by saying that he wanted to settle the tie in the first leg. For us it was a lack of respect. In the end, when you spit upwards, it usually falls to you." JUST IN: Man Utd missing out on Karim Benzema 'one of Sir Alex Ferguson's biggest regrets' Emotions ran high at full-time after Villarreal beat the odds to oust one of the Champions League favourites. They are likely to face Liverpool in the final four, so long as the Reds can see out their 3-1 first-leg lead against Benfica on Wednesday evening. The Spanish side last reached the Champions League semis way back in 2006, when they were unlucky to lose 1-0 to Arsenal over two legs. Former Gunners boss Emery has the opportunity to take them a step further, even as they sit well off the pace in La Liga having won just 12 of their 31 league games this campaign.  Chelsea and Real Madrid played out a modern classic on the other side of the draw as Los Blancos rallied against the visitors taking a shock 3-0 lead. A Rodrygo volley and a Karim Benzema header in extra-time restored their advantage, however, and the Blues were unable to mount a response after a physically and mentally taxing contest. Understandably Capoue remains focused on his team's side of the draw, and Nagelsmann was not the only target to be hit with post-match shots as the 33-year-old felt compelled to take a swing at Villarreal's doubters. "I am full of euphoria, we are on cloud nine," he told beIN Sports. "Everything they said in the press, that motivated us. I think they lacked a bit of humility. It's incredible, we impacted Europe! "We were solid, we knew we were going to suffer but we had a plan: let them come and defend well, and we knew we would have a chance. We showed it, we bet everything, one goal was enough to go through to the semi-finals."