Max Verstappen may have been handed an early advantage over Lewis Hamilton in Albert Park. Pirelli have decided teams will be given the C2, C3 and C5 tyre compounds in what is a strange decision for the Italian brand. Usually, consecutive tyre compounds are selected meaning it would typically be the C4 which is used. The decision may have handed an extra boost to Verstappen who was more successful on that particular rubber last season. The reigning champion picked up two wins on the C5s at Monaco and the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Meanwhile, Hamilton could only manage seventh in Monaco and was pipped to the crown in Yas Island. The tyres were also used at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix in Baku but neither driver scored. Pirelli motorsport director Mario Isola warned the C5 was being used due to a “small performance gap” between tyres. READ MORE: Mercedes have doubts Lewis Hamilton's car is 'fast enough' He said: “We decided to opt for the step in the compound nominations because we noticed that there was a relatively small performance gap between the C3 and C4 compounds during development testing, and we believe that Albert Park is a good place to try out this option. The circuit layout has been heavily revised and, as a result, there's also new asphalt that should be quite smooth. "This means the track is likely to offer very low levels of grip at the start, with a high degree of evolution expected over the weekend and an extremely slippery surface if it rains.” Tyres are selected based on the features of each track. The C1 tyre is the hardest in Pirelli’s range and is typically good for tracks with fast corners and tough surfaces. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton car a 'bucking bronco' as Red Bull plan not working [INSIGHT]Valtteri Bottas 'still sharing flights with Lewis Hamilton' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton's car is in ‘no-man’s land’ [ANALYSIS] The C3 is the most commonly used, while the C5 is the fastest in the range. This is usually selected for tighter circuits which makes it a popular choice on street tracks. Hamilton has a track history of success in Australia, securing every pole position at Albert Park in the turbo-hybrid era from 2014. However, Hamilton does not have the best race record in Australia with only two wins since 2008. Mercedes are expected to bring new updates to the car for Australia but it is unlikely to be enough to close down pace-setters Red Bull and Ferrari.