Tiger Woods suffered a horror car accident in February last year leaving medical professionals unsure whether the golfing pro would ever walk again and leaving him unable to compete in the 2021 Masters. However, the sportsman, 46, has since made huge leaps in his recovery, which insiders have claimed has been due to the support of his girlfriend, Erica Herman. Last year, a source told of how his girlfriend of four years "never left his side" while he went through a gruelling and painfully slow recovery process. An insider claimed: "She’s supported him every step of the way." "Tiger made mistakes, but now he’s committed to being the best partner he can be. “He’s got a brand-new attitude about his life, even though it’s unclear what the future holds." READ NOW: Rachel Riley on struggle as she's bombarded with 'disgusting' messages "He knows he has so much to be grateful for," they added to OK! Magazine in 2021. Tiger himself told how Erica helped to aid his physical recovery after the horrific car crash. He said: "If I was going to walk out of that hospital with one leg... I wanted to test and see if I still had my hands. "So even in the hospital, I would have Erica and [a friend] throw me something," he added to Golf Digest.  At the end of 2021, he said on social media: "Although it’s been a long and challenging year, I am very excited to close it out by competing in the PNC Championship with my son Charlie. “I’m playing as a Dad and couldn’t be more excited and proud," he added, before taking to the fairway with his 12-year-old son who he shares with his ex-wife Elin Nordegren. After hitting 11 consecutive birdies, the pair finished in second place behind John Daly and his son John Daly II. This year, the PGA Tour winner is set to make a comeback to the Masters. The car crash was among a series of setbacks that the sportsman suffered. In 2010, Tiger and his wife Elin Nordegren filed for divorce. He also underwent multiple back operations in a bid to put a stop to relentless bouts of pain, the most recent being in 2017. However, fans of the star are hoping he will make a sporting comeback at the Masters which starts today.