Erik ten Hag is still said to be in talks to take over at a Bundesliga club amid reports that he is in pole position to become the next Manchester United manager. The Dutchman is still in charge at Ajax, and is expected to remain there until the end of the season. United's no. 1 managerial target Ten Hag is understood to still be holding talks with a Bundesliga club, despite his links to Old Trafford. With Ralf Rangnick set to take a step back and move into a behind the scenes role at the end of the season, United are lining up their next long-term boss. PSG chief Mauricio Pochettino has been strongly linked with the post, along with Ajax boss Ten Hag. Recent developments suggest it is the latter now leading the charge to be the new United manager. However, reports from Holland may suggest otherwise, with Ten Hag still considering a job elsewhere. According to De Telegraaf, via Sport Witness, Ten Hag's representatives Sports Entertainment Group [SEG] have held talks with a 'top club' from the Bundesliga, as well as United. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag's first four tasks as Man Utd manager SEG are claimed to have been involved with 'major discussions' in recent weeks with both the unnamed German side and United. ESPN claimed on Wednesday that United set to finalise Ten Hag as their next manager after a lengthy process, including an interview last month. Spain coach Luis Enrique and Sevilla boss Julen Lopetegui were also said to be in the running, while Chelsea's Thomas Tuchel and Julian Nagelsmann from Bayern Munich were ruled out due to their situation at their current clubs. United are not expected to name Ten Hag as their new manager until the end of the Eredivisie season though. The Dutchman is keen to get a full picture of the club's vision for the future before he takes over, according to the The Times. Ten Hag is also focussing his attention on the run in to the end of the season, with Ajax leading PSV by four points with six games remaining in the Eredivisie. Ajax's Champions League journey was ended by Benfica, but they could claim their 21st KNVB Cup with a win over PSV next Sunday. According to Dutch football expert Marcel van der Kraan, Ten Hag could launch an immediate assault on Ajax by attempting to prise away two of the club's biggest talents. He told Sky Sports News: "Well I have to go back to those Ajax fans, who would be gutted to see Ten Hag leave. "But they would be even more gutted if he takes two of their best players, one is the defender Jurrien Timber, who has made his debut with the Dutch national team."