Today is the day! The Grand National will be run for the 174th time, with massive crowds piling into Aintree Racecourse to witness for themselves the world's most famous steeplechase. The action begins at 1.45pm, with the main event itself getting under way at 5.15pm. Last year's winning jockey Rachael Blackmore is back to defend her crown, once again riding Minella Times. The horse's ability is undisputed but victory is expected to be difficult for them considering the heavy handicap weight he will be carrying. As for the other favourites, Snow Leopardess has been heavily backed to become the first mare to win the race in more than 50 years. Delta Work, Any Second Now and Eclair Surf are the other contenders with the shortest odds for Grand National glory. Below you can find everything you need to know about the 2022 Grand National, including prize money, odds and more: JUST IN: Grand National runners: Horse list in full As is tradition, the Grand National is being held at Aintree Racecourse near Liverpool. Aintree has been the home of this race for almost two centuries, despite a brief period during the First World War in which it was held at Gatwick. The main race is scheduled to begin at 5.15pm. Rachael Blackmore made history as the first female jockey to win the famous steeplechase last year. She achieved that feat by guiding Minella Times first past the post. DON'T MISS:Sir Alex Ferguson's horse wins the Betway Bowl Chase at AintreeStylish racegoers return to Aintree on Ladies Day 2022Last year's Grand National winner has no chance at this year's race It's not just the punters who can win bit at Aintree – there is a handsome cash pot on offer for the owner of the winning horse. The total fund is £1m, of which £561,300 will go to whoever owns the top horse. The runner-up will scoop a cool £211,100, with more cash on offer for the rest of the top 10. The jockeys will get a percentage of their prize. Different bookmakers have different prices and favourites, but many point to Minella Times as a possibility to retain his crown. Ladbrokes have him priced at 7/1, while Snow Leopardess is the next favourites at 8/1. Delta Work and Any Second Now are 10/1 each, while the prices go all the way up to 100/1 for th outsiders for anyone who fancies a punt.