Grime and grease have a nasty habit of appearing on your oven racks, which mean you should be cleaning your oven at least every three months. Luckily, baking soda provides you with a natural and effective method of keeping a stunning shine on your cooking utensils. To get started all you need is some baking soda and warm water which can be mixed together to give you a natural cleaning solution. Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, can be picked up at a relatively affordable price from most shops and supermarkets. Tesco, for example, sells a unit of baking soda for £1.40 while Lidl’s prices are cheaper still at 59p. To help you get started with cleaning your oven racks just use the following set of instructions. READ MORE: Laundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes  First, fill a tub with several inches of hot water. You want this to be just enough to cover the racks. Then, add one to three cups of baking soda, depending on the size of the tub. By rule of thumb, the more water you have equates to more baking soda that will be needed. After this, you can swirl the mixture together until the baking soda has dissolved.  Place your racks in the tub and add more hot water if they aren’t completely covered. Leave the racks to soak for at least eight hours. This can easily be done overnight. Then, using a clean rag, sponge, or stainless steel pad, wipe the racks down, removing any tough spots that still remain. Once that’s all done you can then rinse and dry racks before replacing them in the oven.  DON'T MISS: ‘Easily’ kill crabgrass on your lawn and stop it returning next year [EXPLAINER]Kate Middleton and Princess Anne are 'not a complementary double-act' [INSIGHT]'Get your facts right!' Charlie Mullins slaps down Owen Jones for 'laz [WATCH] Baking soda or sodium bicarbonate is a white crystalline powder typically used to leaven or raise baked goods. This edible ingredient is also mild enough to be used as toothpaste or taken as an antacid. But it should never be inhaled and can also irritate your eyes if you bring it close to your face.  Sodium bicarbonate is a great cleaning ingredient because it’s an alkaline which helps break down grease and food which are generally acidic. On top of this, it also softens water by raising the pH, making it great for cleaning and neutralising odour causing acids. A combination of baking soda and vinegar can also be effective at cleaning your oven racks. However, you should be aware that your oven will be out of action overnight for the best results, and this method does still require some elbow grease. 