The Russian Defence Ministry announced it successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile on Wednesday. Dubbed the RS-28 Sarmat, it is often nicknamed "The Satan". It was one of the six new Russian strategic weapons first unveiled by Russian President Vladimir Putin in 2018. Putin was shown on TV being briefed by the military that the missile had been launched from Plesetsk in the country's northwest and hit targets in the Kamchatka peninsula in the far east. He said: "The new complex has the highest tactical and technical characteristics and is capable of overcoming all modern means of anti-missile defence. It has no analogues in the world and won't have for a long time to come "This truly unique weapon will strengthen the combat potential of our armed forces, reliably ensure Russia's security from external threats and provide food for thought for those who, in the heat of frenzied aggressive rhetoric, try to threaten our country." It was the first launch of a series of tests. After being put through its paces, the weapon is expected to go into service with the Strategic Missile Forces. "Sarmat" is a strategic missile system with a heavy-class liquid-propellant ICBM, the weight of one such missile exceeds 200 tonnes. The terrifying weapon is 35.3 metres long and three metres in diameter referred to as a heavy ICBM capable of carrying a 10-ton payload. According to Russian state media, the Sarmat can carry up to 10 large warheads and 16 smaller ones. It can also carry a chilling combination of warheads in flight. Professor Malcolm Chalmers from the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI) has previously told Reuters that it is unlikely Sarmat will bring a significant boost to its ICBM arsenal because of its “already considerable destructive potential”. But he warned that just one missile could potentially target areas as big as France, meaning a missile strike could result in millions of deaths. The Russians have reportedly been developing the weapon for years, meaning the test launch came as no surprise to Putin's adversaries. But worryingly, the test comes at a time when tensions are soaring over the Ukraine war. On Monday, four Russian rockets blasted into Ukraine's western city of Lviv, killing seven people and injuring at least 11. Three of those rockets smashed into military infrastructure, with the fourth missing its target. Lviv mayor Andriy Sadovyi accused Putin of genocide. He said: “What we see today is genocide. It’s a deliberate action by the aggressor to kill peaceful civilians. All our cities and villages are in the same situation.”