Cristiano Ronaldo gave the match ball to Manchester United youngster Alejandro Garnacho after scoring a hat-trick in the win over Norwich City. Ronaldo was the match-winner as United’s hopes of finishing in the top four of the Premier League were boosted by a 3-2 win at Old Trafford on Saturday afternoon.   Ronaldo opened the scoring early on from Anthony Elanga’s pass after Ben Gibson was caught on the ball and made it 2-0 with a thumping header after 32 minutes. Norwich fought back admirably through Kieran Dowell and Teemu Pukki to make it 2-2 and threatened to take all three points from Ralf Rangnick’s side. But Ronaldo powered in a brilliant free-kick from long range to secure three points which moved United up to fifth, three points adrift of Tottenham, who were beaten 1-0 by Brighton. The 37-year-old has now scored 60 hat-tricks in his career and now has 21 goals altogether this season. Having netted hat-tricks so frequently throughout his career, Ronaldo must have a serious collection of match balls. But rather than add to it, he chose to gift his latest to 17-year-old United prospect Garnacho, who was included in Rangnick’s match day squad for the first time against Norwich.  JUST IN: Man Utd response supporters' anti-Glazer protest before Norwich game The young forward idolises Ronaldo and even performed his iconic “SIUUU” celebration after netting in a 4-1 win over Everton in the FA Youth Cup in February. Garnacho, who has already been called up to the senior Argentina squad after previously representing Spain at youth level, has scored 12 goals for the club’s Under-23s and Under-18s this season. He is one of the most exciting young players at the club and earned rave reviews from Rangnick ahead of the match at Old Trafford on Saturday. "He has been training with us the last two weeks and he is one of the most promising players," Rangnick told MUTV. "He is only 17, but if he keeps his feet on the ground, he will not only be sitting on the bench but will be playing for this club." DON'T MISS Piers Morgan orders Arsenal to sign Man Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo Man Utd's big-name stars sent warning about Erik ten Hag's demands Erik ten Hag compared to ex-Man Utd coach Louis van Gaal Garnacho was not needed against the Canaries, with Marcus Rashford, Juan Mata and Nemanja Matic brought off the substitutes’ bench instead by Rangnick. But the German interim manager was clear that the 17-year-old could get his senior debut this season if he continues to catch the eye. "It's always about playing the strongest available team because they are not friendly games and I don't think we would do some of the youngsters a favour if we bring them in at the wrong moment," Rangnick explained. "I love to play young players but in a moment when the team is performing well and playing with confidence. Then it could be the right moment to give young players game time but not in a situation like we're in right now." 