        June Brown, who played Dot Cotton in EastEnders has died at the age of 95. EastEnders have paid tribute to the beloved actress.      An EastEnders spokesperson said: "We are deeply saddened to announce that our beloved June Brown, OBE, MBE sadly passed away last night. “There are not enough words to describe how much June was loved and adored by everyone at EastEnders, her loving warmth, wit and great humour will never be forgotten. “June created one of the most iconic characters in Dot Cotton, not just in soap but in British television, and having appeared in 2884 episodes, June’s remarkable performances created some of EastEnders finest moments. “We send all our love and deepest sympathies to June’s family and friends. READ MORE: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet     “A very bright light has gone out at EastEnders today - we shall all be raising a sweet sherry in June’s memory. “Rest in peace, our dearest June. You will never be forgotten.” June Brown’s family also said: “We are deeply saddened to announce our beloved mother, June, passed away very peacefully at her home in Surrey on Sunday evening, with her family by her side. “We would kindly ask that our privacy is respected at this very difficult time.”      Dot Cotton was one of the BBC One soap's most iconic characters and proved to be a fan favourite. June first appeared in the series in 1985, in the same year it was created, staying all the way up until 1993. She then returned in 1997 to reprise her role and stayed for another three years until 2020. The star appeared in other popular shows, including Doctor Who and Coronation Street. READ MORE... Jane Seymour addresses posing for Playboy aged 67 [INSIGHT] Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [NEWS] Cat Deeley moved to UK after husband and son caught in mall shooting [NEWS]      June was already in her 50s when she joined Albert Square, and in February 2020 she confirmed that she would be leaving the series “for good”. She was the soap’s longest-running character and appeared in 2,884 episodes of the BBC One favourite. In 2005, June received a Lifetime Achievement award at the British Soap Awards and was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2008 Birthday Honours for services to drama and charity. This year, she was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2022 New Year Honours.       June first joined EastEnders thanks to the recommendation of actor Leslie Grantham, who played Dirty Den. Some of her character’s most memorable storylines included Nasty Nick's murder plot, when her son (John Altman) planned to poison her so he could steal her big bingo winnings to spend on drugs. June told the Radio Times in 2018 that she believed she would die “fairly soon” and therefore saw no reason to give up smoking or drinking. She is survived by her six children from her marriage to her second husband Robert Arnold, who died in 2003.   