The ‘apple cider vinegar diet’ is a key search term for those looking to lose weight, with many celebrities and wellness experts declaring the condiment as the secret ingredient to their enviable physicals. But does apple cider vinegar really contribute to weight loss? Apple cider vinegar is simply vinegar - which instead of being made from barley, corn rice or wine as with other vinegars – is made from apples. The apples have been crushed, distilled, and then fermented. Naturally-created bacteria then feed on the alcohol, neutralising it and creating acetic acid. This is where many of the health benefits of apple cider vinegar lie. Other than small amounts of potassium, calcium and magnesium, apple cider vinegar doesn’t really contain any vitamins or minerals. READ MORE: Weight loss: Woman on how going vegan made her 'better in bed' It can be consumed in small quantities or taken as a supplement. Although dosage recommendations vary, most suggest one to two teaspoons before or with meals in a bid to improve metabolism according to Harvard Medical School. As for how it contributes to weight loss, the most widely quoted study is a 2009 trial of 175 people who consumed a drink containing none, one or two tablespoons of vinegar every day. After three months, those who consumed vinegar had modest weight loss (two to four pounds) than those who drank no vinegar. DON'T MISS...Coupon Queen shares money saving tips & best freebies [VIDEO]Aldi shoppers praise £3 ‘wonder’ face oil that ‘smooths out skin’ [REACTION]Tesco and Aldi issue warning over fruit and vegetables [UPDATE] 1. Improves digestion Unfiltered apple cider vinegar contains strands of protein, enzymes and healthy bacteria which is known as ‘The Mother’. This looks like a cloudy, cobwebby substance at the bottom of the bottle. This substance has probiotic properties, meaning it can support a healthy gut. When food or drinks containing probiotic bacteria, such as apple cider vinegar are consumed, the friendly bacteria it contains encourages the growth of more healthy bacteria in the gut. Experts summarised: “In a nutshell, probiotic bacteria equals better digestion which equals weight loss.” 2. Natural laxitive Constipation can cause bloating, while eliminating waste can make someone feel lighter. Adding apple cider vinegar to a morning routine can help bowel movements because of the levels of pectin, a type of soluble fibre which is found in apples. Experts at Holland & Barratt added: “The levels of pectin found in apple cider vinegar are not definitively known, as it’s generally found in the apple skin and fruit itself rather than the juice. “However, a tablespoon of apple cider vinegar with your morning glass of water might help get things moving so you can start your day feeling good.” 3. Keeps you fuller for longer Studies have shown that consuming vinegar increases satiety after eating a high-carbohydrate meal containing bread. Apple cider vinegar is thought to slow stomach emptying, which is why you feel more satisfied for a longer period of time after eating. Feeling increased fullness after a meal reduces the likelihood of snacking and eating fewer calories overall. 4. Suppress appetite It’s not just the strong taste of apple cider vinegar putting people off their food. Researchers based at Imperial College London have found that acetate – a key component in acetic acid – has a central role in appetite regulation. More research is needed in this area, but in the meantime, add apple cider vinegar to sauces, dressings and marinades and see if it can support you to eat fewer calories overall.