Helen Skelton has announced her split from her husband Richie Myler. The pair share three young children together, with the Countryfile star having only just given birth to their daughter four months ago.      Helen, 38, took to Instagram late on Monday night to share the heartbreaking news with her 276,000 followers. In an emotional social media post, she told fans that she had separated from her rugby player husband, 31. She wrote: “Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. “He has left the family home,” she continued. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’  “We will be doing our best to co parent our small children,” she added with broken heart emojis. Helen and Richie married in 2013, and share Ernie, six, Louis, five and Elsie Kate, four months. Helen seemingly hinted at the devastating news earlier today, when she shared a cryptic post to her story about the stresses of motherhood. The post read: "A mama is always full of emotions. Full of love. Full of anxiety and worries.      “Full of exhaustion and lack of energy. Full of mum guilt and doubt. Full of pride in her kids. Full of pure joy. “She feels it all, that's the beauty of her, she carries it all, too. “And yet she gets up every day and does it all over again.” Helen is a television presenter, best known for appearing on Countryfile, while Richie plays as a scrum-half and fullback for Leeds Rhinos, as well as for England on an international level. READ MORE... Demi Rose in risqué display flashing cleavage in sheer corset [PICS] Donald Trump mocks Prince Harry as HE 'made the Queen smile' [INSIGHT] Michelle Keegan dubbed ‘fittest woman ever’ after ‘unreal' bikini snaps [PICS]    Last month, Helen shared a humorous post about the idea of a “next pregnancy” on social media, where she admitted she wished she could take on Richie’s role. Sharing a meme via a pregnancy fitness brand to her own account just three months after she welcomed her baby girl, she hinted that she was feeling a little worn out. The post read: “Next pregnancy I've decided I want to be the dad.” Helen has previously revealed that the traumatic birth of her second child had made her third and “final” pregnancy more difficult.      The star gave birth to her son Louis all alone in France, with only her eldest child Ernie for company, as Richie was in England at the time. In a terrifying turn of events, a team of medical professionals couldn’t make it to her on time, which meant that she had to give birth on the kitchen floor surrounded by firemen. She told Lorraine Kelly last November: “Nobody wants a load of gorgeous French firemen at their feet while they're delivering a baby, which is what I had… “They'd never done that before and were so excited. I just said, 'Get back around my head please'.” Richie is yet to make a statement on the pair’s split.  