The offer, which is being shared on Whatsapp, contains a link to a Russian URL which has since been taken down. Recipients were asked to 'Join the Cadbury Easter Egg Hunt' with the offer of up to 5,000 free gifts. The scam message features an image of a purple Easter Egg with "Join the Cadbury Easter Egg Hunt" written across it. The phishing scam message also said: "Cadbury FREE Easter Chocolate Basket. 5.000 free gifts for you." The scam was officially debunked by Cadbury itself, however. The company said on Twitter: “We’ve been made aware of circulating posts on social media claiming to offer consumers a free Easter Chocolate basket.  READ MORE: WhatsApp warning: Beware of dangerous Cadbury Easter Egg scam “We can confirm this hasn't been generated by us & we urge consumers not to interact. “Your security is our priority & we’re currently working to resolve this.” The public had also been warned about the scam by Merseyside Police, with the force saying it is an "attempt to gain access to your personal details" using a commonly used phishing tactic. But now it has emerged the link being sent to unsuspecting Brits could be from Russia. The scam appears to be connected to a data harvesting operation in Russia. Images of the text posted on social media showed a WhatsApp message containing a link to a Russian URL. This is because the link contained .ru in it - just like UK domains usually have .co.uk in them. Whether this scam in particular is linked to Russian operations in Ukraine is unclear. There has been a rise in scamming activity since the start of Russia’s war in Ukraine, and an overall uptick over the last two years. Security experts have warned that scammers were taking advantage of the war to trick well meaning people into donating to sham causes.  DON'T MISS'New wave of scams' due as council tax rebate scheme begins [INSIGHT]DVLA urge drivers to avoid car tax and driving licence scams [REPORT]Universal Credit and PIP claimants alerted to vicious scams [INSIGHT] If you receive a suspicious link from a company, a stranger or anyone you know, you shouldn’t open it and delete it immediately. If you have already opened the message, there are tell-tale signs you could very soon become the target of a scam. Tell-tale signs include poor spelling or grammar, or a sense of urgency in the messaging to try to encourage a rash decision. A generic greeting, misspelled email addresses or domain names and a bank asking for personal financial information are also huge indicators of a phishing scam.