Paul Barker, 40, claimed that the Asda delivery driver did not even leave a note after colliding with his Audi A3 outside his home in Bromley, southeast London earlier this month. The incident was caught on another driver’s dashcam. The video shows a driver reversing their white Asda van into Mr Barker’s parked car. The impact caused the corner of the vehicle to smash into the driver’s side window. The van appears to have been travelling too quickly and collides heavily with the A3, which costs up to £30,000 new. Mr Barker said: “Asda has been useless. READ MORE: Driver fined £200 after calling French traffic warden ‘immigrant’ “They took an eternity to identify the van but still haven’t given us insurance details. “We cannot get the car fixed until we have those details. “They seem to just think they can fob people off. “We want to get the car back on the road but it is not driveable, we just want to put this behind us.” DON'T MISS Driving in sandals could land motorists with a £5,000 fine [REVEAL] Cyclists urged to be careful amid Highway Code changes [WARNING] Drivers could be fined £1,000 for not drinking enough water [INSIGHT] He continued: “Unfortunately, we have had no apology for the incident and nobody has called despite me providing my number. “There can be no claim from the driver that he didn’t notice as they haven’t just nicked the car, they have put a hole in it. “If you don’t know or don’t feel that impact then you should not be on the road.” Mr Barker also claimed that the driver drove off straight after and didn’t even attempt to make contact or track down him or his partner. Images of Mr Barker’s vehicle showed the driver’s door caved in with a large hole punctured through it while the window can be seen smashed. After being approached for comment, Asda apologised publicly for the incident and said that “from time to time accidents can happen”. An Asda spokesperson today said: “From time to time accidents can happen. “We are in contact with Mr Barker to get his car fixed as soon as possible but we apologise for any inconvenience this has caused.” The news comes after a Land Rover driver was fined £1,000 after helmet camera footage caught a cyclist falling off his bike as the vehicle passed. The footage was shot from a helmet camera and showed one of a group of cyclists toppling into the ditch after a Land Rover Defender drove past. Paul Nigel Miley, 52, was driving a Defender when he tried to overtake a group of cyclists on a single track road, injuring one of them. The driver, of Ashby St Ledger, pleaded guilty at Northampton Magistrates’ Court this month. He was also handed a fine of £1,008. Police explained Mr Miley should have come to a stop to let the cyclists pass by his vehicle.