Anne Hegerty, 63, has lifted the lid on her ancestral links to royalty and how her mum thought they would turn her into a “terrible snob”. The Chase star said she had explored her family tree before but wanted to solve some “mysteries”.  “I did know a fair bit about my family,” the Governess explained. She continued: “There were certain mysteries I wanted sorted. There were certain things I didn’t know, certain names that were missing from the family tree so I wanted to find out about those. “And even the things I knew about, I thought I’d like to know more about.” Anne went on to explain that some of her mother’s relatives were “posh” and so she feared finding out her family history would turn her into a snob. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show She said: “As a child, I was always curious about this stuff and my mother was always very repressive and: ‘No, no, no. Nobody needs to know about their family tree.’ "I think it was because on my mother’s mother’s side there’s quite a bit of posh and my mum thought I’d grow up to be a terrible snob! "But I’ve already grown up to be a terrible snob, so really there’s nothing to hide," told The Sun’s TV Mag. Anne recently found out about her royal links after taking part in the new ITV programme, DNA Journey. Her Chase co-star, Shaun Wallace, also participated in the show. After finding out she is related to royalty, the quizzer was dubbed "Queen Anne" by her quiz show co-stars. An ITV source claimed that Anne had a positive reaction to the news. "Anne was excited and fascinated to learn she has royal relations. DON'T MISS...Bruce Willis' wife thanks fans as actor 'sells off property empire' [UPDATE]A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman tried for another baby [EXCLUSIVE]Monty Don bids farewell to Gardeners' World colleague [LATEST] "It was a big shock to her but a very nice one and she was very interested to delve into the details to find out more about it," they added to the Mirror. Upon making the discovery, Anne’s co-stars joked that she would now be addressed as “Queen Anne”. Shaun said: "Without spoiling anything, we call her 'Queen Anne', because obviously, she's the queen of quizzing, but we have to really bow and curtsy to her now!" Speaking about other interesting facts she found out on the programme, Anne said her ancestors survived multiple German torpedo attacks during the First World War. She said: "I discovered my great-grandmother's first cousin was a deputy chief engineer on an ocean liner during World War One and survived two German torpedo attacks. "He clung onto an upturned lifeboat for four hours. "I came away feeling really impressed by that level of endurance," she revealed. DNA Journey starts with Anne and Shaun airs April 5 on ITV at 9pm.