The pair debated whether Easter eggs should come with a health warning during a heated debate on Friday's instalment of Good Morning Britain. Nicola accused the health coach of "sucking the fun out of everything" after he hit out at her decision to give her two sons 10 chocolate eggs at Easter. Former model Nicola told ITV viewers she would have "absolutely no problem" if her children Striker and Rocky consumed 10 Easter eggs in one day. There are 2,750 calories in the average Easter egg, which presenter Adil Ray described as "hideous" and hit out over children having "10,000 calories" in one sitting. Nicola hit back: "They can have whatever they want, it's Easter, you are sucking the fun out of everything." READ MORE: Jack Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jack Millar now? However, a defensive Steve interjected: "No, no, no. I get your point to be fair and you are obviously a damn good mother. "But my point is we should have warnings on Easter eggs and other foods which are high in calories. "There is a reason for that, it gives a warning," he continued. The expert explained how many people know they have to eat well to "stay slim" but admitted they "lack the motivation" around Easter. Steve added: "So when they see that health warning it's going to just make them think twice. Stop, look, listen."  Despite Steve's explanation, Nicola still strongly disagreed with the expert and scoffed at the thought of adding warning labels to Easter eggs. He reminded her how 66 percent of the UK population are overweight before Nicola interjected: "And how many children have got eating disorders at the minute?" Steve took Nicola's point about eating disorders on board but stressed that two percent of the population are reportedly struggling with an eating disorder. He exclaimed: "There is no evidence which suggests if you put a health warning on high-calorie foods that it will trigger an eating disorder." DON'T MISS...Would YOU live in Rwanda?' Adil Ray erupts at Tory MP [DEBATE]Meghan and Harry accused of 'using Queen for commercial gain' [MUST SEE]Adil Ray blasted by GMB fans over 'car crash' refugee row with Tory MP [INSIGHT]  A reported 80 million Easter eggs are sold in the UK each year, creating 4,370 tonnes of card and 160 tonnes of foil waste. The debate divided viewers at home and many took to Twitter to voice their opinions on the topic. Jack Williams, who appeared to side with Nicola, said: "Easter eggs aren’t unhealthy, just have one instead of four or five and you’ll be fine. It’s the same with all foods, overconsumption leads to weight gain, not particular foods." Nilavra Mukerji added: "Chocolate has fat and sugar in it. Most of us know that but it won’t stop me from eating it because I like it! It’s just about keeping things balanced."  Hanna quipped: "Anyone who doesn’t know Easter eggs are fattening shouldn’t be allowed out on their own." But Angela Coulter was stunned by the amount of Easter eggs Nicola allows her children to have, adding: "10 Easter eggs, your children must be jumping off the walls with the sugar." Mike Atwood joked: "This woke show should come with a health warning." Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV. 