The Big Bang Theory star Kaley Cuoco has taken her career in a completely new direction with her leading role as Cassie Bowden in HBO Max’s unpredictable crime thriller, The Flight Attendant. The second season, which has already premiered in the USA, will feature the return of Cassie’s younger self, portrayed by Audrey Grace Marshall, who has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about her role in the series. Supporting star Audrey has previewed a more hostile role for young Cassie in the second season of The Flight Attendant. After debuting on HBO Max in late 2020, the darkly comedic crime thriller has returned with a completely different mission for Kaley’s alcoholic anti-hero. Season two will be premiering in the UK next month, featuring a cast of new and familiar faces including Audrey’s return as Cassie’s younger self. Having come to terms with her father’s abuse and the start of her alcoholism, Cassie’s childhood is clearly still weighing on her mind a year after starting a new role as a CIA asset. READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' Audrey revealed: “This season, young Cassie is more antagonising towards Cassie. “She’s making things a little more difficult for her. Definitely more in her mind palace as well.” The Flight Attendant’s second season has reached even dizzier heights, with Kaley continuing to shine in her first major post-Big Bang Theory role. Also joining the cast for the long-awaited follow-up is screen legend Sharon Stone, as well as Mae Martin, Margaret Cho and Shohreh Aghdashloo. This time around, Cassie’s hallucinations are given an entirely new spin after she held conversations with the dead hook-up Alex Sokolov (Michiel Huisman) she woke up next to at the start of season one. Her headspace is now mind-bogglingly occupied with several versions of herself, including Audrey’s adolescent Cassie, who all talk through her new mission inside of a glamorous hotel lobby. Audrey revealed getting to work alongside Kaley for two seasons has helped her get an even better grasp on her own performance as younger Cassie. “I think I’m definitely getting in her head a bit,” she added. “It was very fun this season because it was a lot different from last season. DON'T MISS:Game of Thrones House of the Dragon release date, trailer, cast [LATEST]The Flight Attendant season 2 release time: When is it on HBO Max? [INSIGHT]Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco recalls 'wild' slap by HBO co-star [INTERVIEW] “It also helps that the flashbacks mean we’re together always, which you don’t get a lot with younger, flashback characters. “It was very helpful to be able to watch her act. I get to watch her scenes before mine and I can emulate her character and mannerisms.” Audrey has already proven herself as a talent to look out for after holding her own in some of the first season’s most hard-hitting scenes. When season two begins, a year after the events of the first, Cassie has seemingly moved past her self-destructive habits after attending Alcoholics Anonymous and remaining sober. However, with Audrey’s younger Cassie remaining a major part of The Flight Attendant season two, there could be more demons from her past set to come to light as the series goes on. Reactions to the new season have already been even more positive than the last, so UK fans won’t want to miss out when Cassie returns for another caper next month. The Flight Attendant season 2 is available to watch on HBO Max in the USA and will premiere in the UK on Sky Max and NOW on May 26.