Tiger Woods has confirmed he will play in the 2022 Open Championship at St Andrews after completing his comeback to professional golf at the Masters. After finishing up with a final round 78 for an overall total of 13 over par, Woods, 46, told Sky Sports' Cara Banks that while he is undecided on the US PGA, he will be at his "favourite course" in July.   "I don’t know if I'll play Southern Hills [venue of the PGA] or not but I am looking forward to St Andrews," he said. "That's something that is near and dear to my heart and I’ve won two Opens there. It is the home of golf and my favourite golf course in the world so I will be there for that one." He won at 'the home of golf' in 2000, finish eight shots in front of Ernie Els Thomas Bjorn. Five years later he repeated the feat, this time winning by five from Colin Montgomerie. However, Woods, 46, conceded he didn't know how much competitive golf he will play between now and the tournament in Scotland. Having defied all the odds to even make it to Augusta, he only confirmed last Tuesday that he did indeed to play at the venue where he famously won a fifth green jacket in 2019. JUST IN: Harry Kane tips Masters shock despite Scottie Scheffler's lead as he flies out to Augusta Even more remarkable was his first round effort of 71, which be followed up with a battling 74 on Friday. However, the physical strain on his body clearly took its toll over the last two days, twice shooting 78 before leaving the 18th to a standing ovation. "Whether I'll play in-between that I don't know. I will try, like this week I will try and make Southern Hills and we'll see how the body is and see what we can do." Back in 2007, it was that very venue in Oklahoma where Tiger won his fourth and last PGA title. DON'T MISS:Jon Rahm ‘cried’ after beating 'great' Tiger Woods in 2018: ‘Tears in my eyes'Masters contender Justin Thomas emulates Bubba Watson heroics with incredible escape shotStewart Cink records Masters hole-in-one on iconic par-3 16th at Augusta National  And the 15-time major winner also acknowledged the nostalgia around his latest appearance, on the 25-year anniversary of his famous maiden win in 1997: "It's crazy," he said. "Joaquin [Niemann], I played with him the first two days, he wasn't even born then. Woods also paid tribute to his mum who he said shouldn't have been out walking the course, joking "you know where I get it from," before adding "this golf course and this tournament means so much to me and my family."