Simon Dorante-Day, from Australia, has been making the claims since the 1990s. In the latest development, he has presented new photos comparing his younger self with Queen Elizabeth II, his alleged grandmother, believing that the similarities prove it. Mr Dorante-Day posted the pictures to Facebook on Tuesday, saying: "The courts consider physical similarities and genetic traits when looking at paternity cases, especially when DNA tests are not readily available." He also claimed that he has "a lot more proof" than just the physical similarities. Speaking to 7News, he added: "Of course, I have a lot more proof than just photographs to back up my claims - and all of my research is checkable and readily accessible." Since 2018, Mr Dorante-Day has been fighting for the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall to undergo a paternity test, saying he "won't rest" until the case is solved. He said: "My first court case was in 2018 and my legal battles continue to this day. "I want to do this the right way so that my family and I can finally get the answers we deserve." While Mr Dorante-Day now lives in Queensland, he was born in Portsmouth on April 5 1966. He was then adopted at eight months old. Mr Dorante-Day's adoptive grandparents had worked for the Queen and Prince Philip in one of their royal households, with Mr Dorante-Day claiming his grandmother had repeatedly and directly told him he was the son of Charles and Camilla. The 56-year-old claims that Charles and Camilla began their close relationship in 1965, just one year before he was born. LIVE UPDATES: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan shares heartbreak as Harry brings tears He also claims that in the nine months before his birth, the now Duchess of Cornwall was absent from the British social scene, meanwhile, Charles was sent on a trip to Australia. He believes that Camilla kept him until he was eight months old, keeping him hidden from the world with the help of the Royal Family. By eight months old, the Australian claims, he was too big to keep hidden, so it was allegedly arranged that the daughter of a staff member in the royal household would adopt him. He also claims that inconsistencies present on his birth certificate, along with his name, prove he is of royal blood. DON'T MISS: Kate and Wills to 'copy Beckham' as couple pursue 'Hollywood' image [REVEAL] Camilla broke royal wedding tradition with tiara snub [INSIGHT] Reason why Camilla touches her hat 'Wants to be seen as normal' [ANALYSIS] Mr Dorante-Day alleges that the hospital listed on his birth certificate did not deliver any babies the entire decade he was born, also claiming that the parents listed on his birth certificate are false. Charles and Camilla, the Queensland resident alleges, were good friends with a man named Simon at the time of his birth. Meanwhile, Mr Dorante-Day's middle name is Charles. He also claims he has memories of visiting a woman when he was a young boy in Portsmouth, who he believes to have been Camilla. Commenting on the photos Mr Dorante-Day shared to Facebook, several people said they could see a "family resemblance." Bronwen Davies said: "I can see so much of Prince Harry in Prince Philip and so much of you Simon in both of them." Tracey Cleere agreed, writing: "Wow wow the resemblance to Prince Philip is undeniable. "I do wish you get acknowledgement real soon. Would be perfect if it's before our Queen passes." While Mary Forsberg-Jackson added: "Beautiful tribute! And you do look like him! Uncanny! "Keep the faith! Hopefully the truth comes out soon! Sending love from Northern California."