BBC Two’s Pilgrimage continues on Friday as former Countdown presenter Nick, Shazia, Paralympian Will Bayley, TV personality Scarlett Moffat, England cricket legend Monty Panesar, actress Louisa Clein and interior designer Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen leave Northern Ireland and set off to Scotland. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, the celebrities opened up about their experience as they teased Nick about getting “drunk” one night. When asked about her most challenging moment, Shazia joked: “The night Nick was drunk and I had to rescue him off the bothy floor. “I thought he died. I thought, ‘Oh I’m the witness, no, I didn’t murderer him.’” Recalling the “difficult moment”, Nick added: “Getting up from the floor I’d like to dismiss the idea that I was drunk. “I was p****d but not completely. If you're 77 on an air mattress, in the dark, half-p****d and your foot gets caught in the sleeping bag and you fall and hit the floor. Read more: Emmerdale’s Louisa Clein details ’self-discovery’ on BBC’s Pilgrimage “Let's just say I slipped on the slopes of Glenfiddle that was a difficult moment.” Nick went on to detail the struggles he faced during the 1,600km pilgrimage. He continued: “Sleeping on the floor that was a bore and they want to film you waking up and I think a 77-year-old should get a little bit of dignity. “The most physically trying thing was clambering up a castle. My god that was difficult. “But generally speaking, the whole thing was a pleasure, to be asked to do it and then to be able to do it and to come out feeling you've got quite a lot out of it with some very good people was the real payback and I made a couple of good friends here.” Changing Rooms’ Laurence agreed with Nick and admitted the mornings were tough. “One of one of the most challenging things is that you've got the camera crew in your sleeping bag with when you wake up in the morning,” he quipped. “We all developed these very sneaky ways of putting our teeth in without anyone noticing, doing our mascara before anyone realised.” DON'T MISSRichard Madeley slammed for Scarlett Moffatt religion interrogation [INTERVIEW]Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by staggering royal tea cup valuation [VIDEO]BBC confirm return of beloved game show after three years off screen [INSIGHT] “But one of the really lovely things was that there was a real sense of density to the experience,” Laurence shared. The TV presenter admitted the celebrities weren’t given the map of where they had walked until after the experience. “Thank God we didn't see before it started,” he joked. In the series, the personalities go on a walking tour following in the footsteps of St Columba who was an Irish abbot credited with spreading Christianity in Scotland. Discussing the journey, Laurence said: “I think Columba is an incredibly interesting subject. I'm very interested in Celtic Christianity anyway. “But I think the discoveries that we made about him and his relevance, and the fact that he's incredibly different in Scotland and Ireland, and just the sheer quantity of people that have seen the Loch Ness Monster. “No, genuinely we were in this place in Loch Ness and just about everyone had seen the Loch Ness Monster and production kind of got it set up for us to meet someone who'd seen the Loch Ness monster but then everywhere someone went, ‘Well, I’ve seen him too and I saw him a week ago.’” Pilgrimage: The Road to the Scottish Isles continues on BBC Two on Friday at 9pm.