Linda Nolan and her sister Anne appeared side by side on Thursday's Good Morning Britain as they discussed their cancer diagnosis' with ITV hosts Kate Garraway and Richard Bacon. The Nolan sisters, who called themselves the "chemo sisters' went through chemotherapy treatment together when they both got diagnosed with cancer during the pandemic. However, while Anne explained she was currently cancer-free, her sister Linda is undergoing palliative care because her diagnosis is incurable. Sharing an update on her health, Linda admitted she is still undergoing chemotherapy and has treatment once a week. "My cancer isn't treatable, so I'm having kind of palliative treatment and I'm having chemo once a week," she explained. "Because it's once a week it's not as harsh as Anne who had it every three weeks. It was really aggressive." READ MORE: 'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry She continued: "But for me it's not as full-on. I'm ok, my legs are a bit wobbly and I have neuropathic pain in my fingers and my feet, which feels like pins and needles." The singer went on to explain her diagnosis has helped her put a new perspective on life. "It sounds silly but in a way it has given me a sense of freedom," she added. "I go, 'You know what I am not going to do that because I want to do this.'"   "You've got to go to Ireland to do a TV show but I've got my niece's seventh birthday party," Linda continued. "Well, I'll go, 'I can't do that I'm going to a birthday party.' "It just puts a new perspective on life for me because I don't know how long I've got. "However long I've got left, I just want to make memories and have a great time." DON'T MISS...'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview [VIDEO]Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’  [INSIGHT]Where are John and Anne Darwin now? [CAST] Kate proceeded to ask whether having cancer at the same time has made them stronger. "It has made us stronger while we were having our chemotherapy," Anne explained. "We have always been close to our whole family, but I think because we went through the chemo together during the pandemic as well when nobody could have anybody with them. "It kind of brought us closer together because we were able to support each other." Following the segment, viewers took to social media to send their best wishes to Anne and Linda. Anthony penned: "As a fellow stage IV warrior I found your strength & resolve on life (‘making memories’) motivating for me today. I had my 1st palliative care apt yesterday! Gifting you hugs & strength!" "Fantastic interview ladies live each day to the full wishing you both all the best with the book," user @TeresaTrinder said. While Angela added: "I wish you all the best. Your strength and attitude is amazing. You're both looking so glamorous and I love your SOH." (sic) Express.co.uk amended this article after incorrectly stating Anne Nolan has terminal cancer based on quotes from Good Morning Britain. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.