Kazakhstan’s ambassador to Germany Dauren Karipov has stated that his country could supply almost anything to Germany with their help. This includes even offering a tax exemption for up to 25 years. Kazakhstan, which itself has been shaken by political unrest in which Russian soldiers intervened, has said that they would be able to help Germans replace Russian gas, oil and other raw materials, as well as supplying other agricultural products. Before Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24, a third of Germany’s oil imports, 45 percent of its coal purchases and 55 percent of gas imports came from Russia. A top German bank lobby warned on Monday that if the country were to stop imports or delivery of Russian gas and oil, it would face a steep recession. Christian Sewing, the chief executive of Deutsche Bank, said in his role as president of Germany's BDB bank lobby that banks expected sharply slower growth this year of around 2 percent due to the war in Ukraine. He said: "The situation would be even worse if imports or supplies of Russian oil and natural gas were to be halted. A significant recession in Germany would then be virtually unavoidable." The UK and the US have both committed to fully phasing out the imports of Russian oil. However, Mr Karipov has offered a potential solution, telling German newspaper Wirtschaftswoche: “My country has considerable potential to increase Germany's supply of conventional energy resources, but also to produce and then export green energy. “We also have significant deposits of gas and zinc, tungsten, silver, lead, chromite, copper, gold and rare earths. “Kazakhstan stands ready to rapidly and comprehensively develop economic and trade relations with Germany. He added that Kazakhstan would has 200 million hectares of agricultural land - about twelve times as much as Germany - and would “happily” export more grain to Germany. READ MORE: 'What a legacy for Merkel' Germany humiliated as Russia sanctions fail [INSIGHT] He added: “We would like to see comprehensive cooperation with Germany - it would be mutually beneficial.” Mr Karipov has also stated that while Germyn companies were already expressing interest in Kazakhstan before Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, since then matters have only progressed in that regard. He said: “Against the backdrop of the terrible events in Ukraine, the number of companies interested in working with Kazakhstan has increased. “Some German companies operating in Russia have expressed interest in opening an office in Kazakhstan or in relocating part or all of their operations to our country. DON'T MISS: Mariupol surrender video dismissed as Russian propaganda [INSIGHT]Hunt for commander dubbed ‘Butcher of Bucha’ [ANALYSIS] Over 300 dogs found starved to death in Ukrainian shelter [REVEAL] “Russian companies that are not on the sanctions list are also interested in operating in Kazakhstan.” The ambassador went on to assuage fears of further political unrest in the country. Earlier this year, riots prompted Russian units to intervene. He said: “The new government is focusing on reforms to reduce tensions. We are in the process of developing the political system towards presidential parliamentarian with greater citizen participation.” He added that the Russian “peacekeeping” units left the country “immediately” after the situation calmed down. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg. 