   Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey could be seen in tears as she followed the hearse ahead of her husband’s funeral today. The couple share a daughter named Aurelia, three, and a one-year-old son named Bodhi, who were kept at home.     However, Tom’s beloved kids were there in spirit, in the form of their own personal, and beautiful, tribute. As Tom's coffin was carried by his The Wanted bandmates Max George, Jay McGuinness, Siva Kaneswaran and Nathan Sykes, while multi-coloured roses spelling the word 'Daddy' were carried out too. On top of the floral arrangement sat two cardboard photo frames carrying the word 'Daddy' once more, featuring the tiny handprints of both Aurelia and Bodhi in yellow paint. The late singer was laid to rest today at the Saint Francis of Assisi Parish Church in Petts Wood, South East London. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’       His widow Kelsey had welcomed fans to join on his final journey to the church, sharing the address for mourners to attend from 10am. She could be seen clasping the hands of her loved ones for support as she made her way through the streets. Tom's bandmates Max, Jay, Siva and Nathan looked solemn as they attended the ceremony and carried Tom's coffin into the chapel for the funeral service. Screens were outside so fans could also watch the emotional ceremony and, as the hearse travelled along the roads, floral displays spelling out “Tom” and the Wanted’s song “Glad You Came” were also spotted.      Kelsey said in an earlier statement: "Thomas Anthony Parker. There will be a private celebration of life on Wednesday 20th April. “We know many of you would like to pay your respects as well, so would love for you to join us in Petts Wood from 10am. “It would be beautiful to have everyone line the route as we head to our private service. “You are then welcome to join us outside the church for the duration where the service will be relayed on screens." READ MORE... Victoria Beckham shares David's cheeky pic of her passed out by toilet [NEWS] Piers reacts to Duke and Duchess' calls amid Meghan's £38k attire  [LATEST] Piers Morgan fires back as Laurence Fox brands him ‘chubby slug’ [UPDATE]      The much-loved boy band member died last month aged 33 from a brain tumour called glioblastoma. Tom was diagnosed with the grade four tumour in October 2020, and was told it was inoperable. Despite having terminal cancer, Tom was praised by fans and colleagues for his positive attitude and incredible charm. The star even made the brave decision to get up on stage with The Wanted while they were on tour just months before his death.      Kelsey announced the news of Tom’s death on Instagram late last month, telling her 81,700 Instagram followers: "It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. "Our hearts are broken. Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. "We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children." She concluded: "Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end."   