Actually, I don’t think we should judge Chazza too harshly: Savile managed to fool just about everyone, except for parts of the BBC, of course, which seemed to know exactly what was going on and chose to turn a blind eye. But as a PR adviser, maybe this wasn’t the best choice. Here are a few other suggestions in the same vein: Henry VIII as a marriage counsellor. OK, so the medieval monarch might have had a slightly robust approach when it came to shedding some of his wives, but given that there were six of them, Hazza must have picked up something about matrimony! Never go to sleep on an argument. Divorce her (or worse) and move on to the next instead. Donald Trump on diplomacy, especially involving countries that are right on the border with the United States, and whose indigenous inhabitants would quite like to visit. It would be interesting to hear his thoughts on riot control, as well. Muhammad Ali on modesty. Yes, of course we all loved him, but comments along the lines of, “I am the greatest,” “I’m handsome, I’m young, I’m fast,” and my personal favourite, “Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. "His hands can’t hit what his eyes can’t see. Now you see me, now you don’t. George thinks he will, but I know he won’t,” do imply a certain amount of self-confidence. No lack of self-esteem there, or as Ali also once said, “It’s hard to be humble when you’re as great as I am.” Caligula on political astuteness. OK, so he wanted to make his horse into a consul, but looking at some of the politicians around today, don’t you think he might have had a point? William McGonagall on literature. This is a little unfair as the Irish writer, commonly regarded as the worst poet ever born, remains loved to this day, but his popularity is for all the wrong reasons. Here’s a sample of his verse from The Tay Bridge Disaster: “I must now conclude my lay/By telling the world fearlessly without the least dismay/That your central girders would not have given way/At least many sensible men do say/Had they been supported on each side with buttresses,/At least many sensible men confesses.” Sheer class. Pete Doherty on clean living. Last week it was revealed that he almost lost both feet as he “ran out of veins” to inject into. Just watch what he does and do the opposite. Boris Johnson on dressing snappily and personal grooming. This is the man who used to mess up his hair before appearing in front of the cameras because it made him look like a man of the people. Make that man prime minister! Oh, wait… --------------------------------------------------------- Austen puts the higher into education Stirling University has become the latest to drag down academic standards while denying its students a proper understanding of our literary past: it has decided to remove Jane Austen from the curriculum and replace her with the dreary Toni Morrison, whose work I very much doubt will still be read more than 200 years after her death. Needless to say, capitulation to the demands of Black Lives Matter is behind this. The university “must support an anti-racist agenda in higher education,” said principal Professor Gerry McCormac. Does he know that Jane Austen expressed absolute revulsion against slavery in Mansfield Park? Has he actually read Mansfield Park? In any sane world he wouldn’t have been allowed near academia. He’d be serving up fries. --------------------------------------------------------- Town to stop planting daffodils to prevent children eating flowers St Blaise town council in Cornwall has decided to stop planting daffodils in case children eat them and become ill. No mention of the fact that a) most children tend not to eat daffodils and b) some children will try to eat just about anything, including ivy, which is really poisonous. Why not just concrete over the whole of the county and have done with it? --------------------------------------------------------- Sinking feeling as Dan jumps ship from BBC Dan Walker has become the latest to leave the BBC, following Emily Maitlis, Andrew Marr, Jon Sopel and Louise Minchin and there will no doubt be more to come. Auntie has responded by saying, “People come, people go.” Yes, they go when they sense the ship is sinking. Or in this case, heading for an iceberg. And still the band plays on. --------------------------------------------------------- Rishi Sunak should have known his ratings would plummet Rishi Sunak’s poll ratings have plummeted: I coulda told him. For a start he peaked far too soon and secondly, anyone who is cited as a future prime minister almost never actually becomes one. The only exception to that rule is Theresa May and look what happened to her. Perhaps Rishi had a lucky escape. --------------------------------------------------------- Steve Coogan's Will Smith opinion is everything that is wrong with Hollywood “It was the epitome of all that is twisted about Hollywood,” said Steve Coogan of the Will Smith incident, accusing him of “appalling arrogance”. This is the same Steve Coogan who likes to set himself up as the great moral arbiter despite a rackety private life that saw him trying to shut down the free press. Appalling arrogance? He should know. --------------------------------------------------------- Dot Cotton smoked until the very end One of the best decisions I ever made was to give up smoking: these days I wouldn’t touch one if you paid me. I would also strongly advise anyone else never to start. But there are exceptions to every rule and June Brown, aka Dot Cotton, seems to have been one. Her on-screen son John Altman somewhat disapprovingly said two years ago that doctors actually encouraged her not to kick the habit: “She is still smoking, unfortunately, but the doctors have told her not to stop now.” June has just died at the grand old age of 95. Seems the doctors were right.