France takes to the polls on Sunday for the first round of voting as far-right rival Marine Le Pen closes in on Mr Macron. Leo Cendrowicz, Brussels correspondent for the i, said the French President’s re-election is “far from assured”. Writing in the publication, Mr Cendrowicz said: “While he is still the clear favourite, the polls have swung over recent months and his lead is shrinking.” He added: “Mr Macron has recognised the danger. “Speaking last weekend, at a campaign rally in a 35,000-seat stadium outside Paris, he warned of the risk of a Brexit-style election upset.” At the event, the French President highlighted Britain’s shock vote to leave the EU in 2016. Mr Macron told a crowd of supporters: “Don’t believe the pollsters or the pundits who tell you that it’s impossible, unthinkable, that the election is over, that all will be fine. “Look at us! Five years ago, they said it was impossible. “Look at Brexit and so many elections, all that seemed improbable and yet came to pass. “Nothing is impossible.” READ MORE: Le Pen slams Macron for 'hostility' as she rejects 'racist' label It comes as the gap between the French President and Ms Le Pen narrows even more. The race appears to be coming down to the two finalists of the 2017 election. Mr Macron entered as the clear favourite but appears to have lost ground in recent polls, while Ms Le Pen continues on her upward trend. The French President is ahead in the surveys but his re-election is no longer a forgone conclusion. DON'T MISSBrexit POLL: Do you think a second Macron term will be bad for UK? [POLL]Marine Le Pen polls: What does Le Pen's poll lead mean for Macron? [ANALYSIS]Le Pen open to appointing leftists if she wins French presidency [INSIGHT] Ms Le Pen’s all-time high in polls has put her victory within the margin of error in some surveys. On Friday, a poll for BFM TV showed the tightest ever gap in support between the two rivals, with Ms Le Pen taking 49 percent of votes in a likely runoff against the president, her best polling score on record. The first round of voting takes place on Sunday. The candidates who finish first and second go through to a second vote on April 24.