CBS’ long-running procedural drama NCIS Los Angeles stars rapper turned actor LL Cool J as the beloved Sam Hanna. He recently took to Instagram to share a huge career move which was also celebrated by a number of his co-stars, who shared comments of praise.  LL Cool J made his first debut on NCIS LA as Sam Hanna in season six, which landed on screens back in 2009. Throughout his career, LL Cool J has starred in a number of TV shows including Mindhunters, S.W.A.T and Hawaii Five-0. However, his character soon became a fan favourite on NCIS LA and he has long secured his position as a key member of the crime-busting team. Despite this, it looks as though the actor could soon be returning to his musical roots with the announcement of his Rock the Bells Festival. READ MORE: University Challenge finalists despair over drag slang round LL Cool J took to Instagram and shared a video of him at a store shopping for items which had the name of the artists on the line-up written on the products. The video also featured Power Book III: Raising Kanan star Omar Epps working as the cashier. In the caption, he wrote: “Don’t call it a comeback, ROCK THE BELLS FESTIVAL - August 6 - Queens, New York“Featuring: LL COOL J feat. DJ Z-Trip, Ice Cube, Rick Ross, Lil’ Kim, The Diplomats ft. Cam’ron, Jim Jones & Juelz Santana, Fat Joe & Remy Ma, Jadakiss, Scarface, Trina, N.O.R.E, Digable Planets, and more. Hosted by Roxanne Shanté, with music by DJ Mister Cee & DJ Scratch.“ Among thousands of fans who were looking forward to purchasing their tickets, his co-stars were also in the comments sharing praise for the festival. Caleb Castille who stars alongside the rapper as Special Agent Devin Roundtree responded: “Large!!“ with the flame emoji. Artists included in the line-up expected to share the stage also commented with lots of flame emojis. Fans also shared their excitement including @michelle.gordon.73.74 who wrote: “Now this festival is going to be beyond dope.“ DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun buyer slams counter offer in ‘tense’ negotiations [REACTION]NCIS Los Angeles' 300th episode: Who will play Agent Sam Hanna's dad? [INSIGHT]NCIS LA season 13: Sam Hanna's father to be introduced in sad plot [INSIGHT] @ronbrzezicki added: “This festival is going to shake the planet!“ @ladyblueone shared: “Oh snap boom and Cube. Let's get back to the 80s now!! This is a head banger.“ @80sdopehouse stated: “That's an incredible lineup!!“ @Ladyarthur1 exclaimed: “This is going to be SIICCKKK.“ Speaking to Complex.com LL Cool J disclosed: “This festival is my way of showing love to the community of hip-hop and celebrating the incredible journey this culture has taken. “Going from DJ Kool Herc’s Sedgwick Avenue rec room, to the global phenomenon we all cherish today. “Getting to bring some of the most iconic and influential hip-hop artists to the same stage, in my hometown and the city that started it all, is an honour and I can’t wait for everyone to see what we have in store for them.“ Fans will also be glad to know additional performers will be revealed sooner to the date and this new career move will not take the actor away from his role as Sam Hanna. NCIS LA is available on CBS in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced.