Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo has thanked Liverpool fans after the Anfield crowd paid tribute to him in the seventh minute of Tuesday's clash between the two rivals. Earlier this week, Ronaldo announced the saddening news that his and partner Georgina Rodriguez's newborn son had passed away. Liverpool thrashed United 4-0 in their latest grudge match on Merseyside, but the biggest headline featured the fan-led applause for Ronaldo and his family in the seventh minute. The game fell just 24 hours after he broke the heartbreaking news on his social media channels. After the emotional show of support, Ronaldo's Madeira-based sister, Elma explained that the family would 'never forget' the moment. She said: "Thank you for this Liverpool. We will never forget what you did today." And on Thursday, Ronaldo took to Instagram to send a message to the Anfield crowd that offered the gesture. He wrote: "One world… One sport… One global family… Thanks, Anfield. Me and my family will never forget this moment of respect and compassion." JUST IN: Manchester United confirm Erik ten Hag will become manager this summer  United allowed Ronaldo to miss Tuesday's trip to Liverpool to spend time with his family. A statement read: "Family is more important than everything and Ronaldo is supporting his loved ones at this immensely difficult time. As such, we can confirm that he will not feature in the match against Liverpool at Anfield on Tuesday evening and we underline the Family's request for privacy." The Red Devils missed his influence in defeat at Anfield, but Ralf Rangnick could have him back at his disposal for the trip to Arsenal on Saturday. Ronaldo was pictured returning to training on Wednesday as preparations for the Emirates Stadium commenced. READ MORE: Man Utd stars have 'growing belief' about underperforming Maguire  The 37-year-old continued to show that class is permanent as he netted a hat-trick in last weekend's 3-2 win against Norwich City at Old Trafford. Since his summer return, he has scored 21 goals in 34 games and has been one of few positives in a disastrous season for more reasons than one. Ronaldo will undoubtedly be the primary driving force if United are to sneak into the Premier League top four this season. However, the heavy defeat against Liverpool followed by Arsenal's surprise 4-2 triumph at Chelsea on Wednesday has made that already-unlikely goal a little harder to reach. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.