The Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s production company Archewell Productions signed a £112million deal with Netflix following their departure from the royal family, however, they are yet to share any programming through the streaming service. The couple currently has two projects in production including a docuseries, ‘Heart of Invictus’, which will follow Harry and competitors in the Invictus Games in The Hague. Meghan is also working on an animated series, Pearl, about “the adventures of a 12-year-old girl who finds inspiration in a variety of influential women throughout history”. This week, Netflix reported a decrease in subscribers for the first time in a decade and that shares fell by more than 25 percent in the first three months of the year. This has forced the streaming service to evaluate their deals as well as look to introduce advertising and crack down on households sharing passwords. Meghan and Harry could face pressure from Netflix executives to develop more content, according to royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams. In a poll that ran from 10am on Friday, April 22 to 1pm on Saturday, April 23, Express.co.uk asked: “Can Meghan and Harry help boost Netflix after major subscriber loss?” In total, 2,434 people responded with hundreds of comments left below the accompanying article as readers shared their views on Meghan and Harry’s Netflix deal. The dominant response – winning by an overwhelming 99 percent (2,418 people) – was “no”, Meghan and Harry cannot help boost Netflix. The remaining one percent of votes cast was made up of 12 people who opted for “yes” and four people who said they did not know. Some thought that the deal the royal couple made with Netflix might be the reason behind the loss in subscribers. Username Wiser1 said: “Ironic that Netflix employed them to boost their viewing figures yet it has caused the opposite reaction.” And username odddog1 said: “Perhaps it's Because Netflix has signed them up that folk are leaving.” The majority of users commented that they cancelled their Netflix subscriptions following the announcement of Meghan and Harry’s deal. One user, ClaudiaSkies said: “I should think they can only reduce it further. I cancelled mine following their deal.” DON'T MISS:Prince William heartbroken as US interview shows Harry's huge 'resentment' towards him [VIDEO]Royal POLL: Should the Commonwealth be dissolved once the Queen dies? [VOTE]Meghan and Harry UK return breakthrough as Sussexes may be offered 'hybrid' security deal [LATEST] Username Rosie0124 said: “I cancelled the same day their multi-million-pound offer was made.” And username L1verpool55 wrote: “I cancelled my subscription because of Harry and Meghan.” Another, username bertiewooster said: “They are the reason I no longer have Netflix.” Netflix subscribers fell from 221.8 million to 221.6 million in the first quarter of 2022. Forecasts predict that the streaming service will lose a further two million subscribers in the next quarter.