Thomas Tuchel is said to have told Manchester United that he would like to stay at Chelsea if he is able to continue working in a similar vein, reports claim. The Red Devils are now understood to have made contact with the former Borussia Dortmund and Paris Saint-Germain manager in a bid to sound out his availability.  United are taking their time over the appointment of their next boss despite already conducting three interviews with Erik ten Hag, Mauricio Pochettino and a mystery manager. A second round of interviews are expected to take place in due course with Ten Hag and Pochettino now considered to be in a two-horse race. Yet Bild are reporting that United have had contact with Tuchel, who recently emerged as an unlikely outside option for the Old Trafford board. Chelsea's uncertain future post-Roman Abramovich has led to some concerns regarding the Blues' spending power and transfer plans. READ MORE: Austrian FA issue statement denying secret meeting with Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick However, the report claims Tuchel has already reaffirmed that he would like to continue with Chelsea - providing he can work like he did under Abramovich. At the moment, Chelsea are not able to sign any players but that is expected to change once the club's new owners have been confirmed. It's been a tough few weeks for the 48-year-old, who has had to face up to several uncomfortable questions following Abramovich's decision to sell the club. Not only that but his wife of 13 years Sissi filed divorce papers in March. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'issued Man Utd transfer ultimatum' involving Ralf Rangnick during interviewTottenham 'reconsider Lautaro Martinez' transfer after agreeing £60m deal last summerMan Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' battling Erik ten Hag and Pochettino for job On the field, Chelsea suffered an unexpected blip at home to Brentford last weekend when they were beaten 4-1 by the visitors. The Blues are now only five points clear of fifth and they will want to avoid getting dragged into an unlikely dogfight for fourth place. In addition to Tuchel, United also reached out to a number of other managers to see if they would be interested in applying for the vacancy. One of which was Spain boss Luis Enrique, who won a historic treble with Barcelona in 2014/15. Enrique though, made it clear he intends to manage La Roja at the Qatar World Cup, which starts in November. Julen Lopetegui will also be staying put with Sevilla after committing to the Andalusian club for at least another season. United's current interim boss Ralf Rangnick knows Tuchel well from his time in Germany. He will help the club make an informed decision when it comes to appointing his successor. Rangnick is believed to be a big fan of Ajax boss Ten Hag, who has already spoken to United about ensuring he has a say on the club's transfer business - if he lands the position.