BBC staple Question of Sport has faced heavy disapproval from old fans ever since it underwent major changes to the presentation and format last year. The latest episode attracted more complaints as viewers took to social media to slam the show, which is hosted by Paddy McGuiness. Some fumed there was "no point" watching while others called for the whole series to be "scrapped". A huge uproar from fans was sparked last year when it was announced Sue Barker, Phil Tufnell and Matt Dawson would be replaced. Friday's show saw Paddy back on screens with team captains Sam Quek and Ugo Monye going head-to-head with the help of their teammates. On Sam's team were Olympians Alice Kinsella and Oliver Townend, while Ugo was joined by Christine Ohuruogu and racecar driver Chris Hoy, also Olympic champions. Despite the changes to the show's appearance and format being made last year, the latest episode still saw a flurry of frustrated fans questioning the move. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy Twitter user @StuAnde wrote: "Watching normal telly for the first time in a while. WTF has happened to A Question of Sport?!" @AndyPBurton admitted he switched over, commenting: "Lasted 8 seconds. Shocking." @mattyfpotts penned: "There’s just no point in watching a question of sport anymore." "#QuestionOfSport This is edition 28 of this awful Question of Sport, with only 8 more to go and the series will at last be over! I hope the BBC will not be bringing it back? We don't want another series of this horrific format!" @PaulSIMPSON999 fumed. @grumpitcol shared: "What an appalling show this now is. I think Chris Hoy is great so tuned in, Ugo a great captain, Sam trying hard, format and host just wrong. #QuestionofSport." @StelfoxPeter recently remarked: "#questionofsport going the same way as Top Gear scrap heap @BBCOne @BBCTwo." Speaking last year about being removed from the show, Phil said: "I was really enjoying myself [on the show]. It wasn't like going to work. DON'T MISS... The Chase's Mark asks for 'white flag' after 'unbelievable' game [VIDEO]GB News guests clash over Royal Family reparations ‘No evidence!' [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Janine Butcher suffers double blow with pregnancy [THEORY] “It was just turning up and having a good time with your mates. And then, they sort of said, 'Right, OK, we're going to take it in a new direction'. And we sort of went, 'Oh, crikey. That's a shame.'" Speaking to The Telegraph, he added: "But there you go. I was quite philosophical about it. "If you do anything for 13 or 14 years, you've had a pretty good stab at it. "And so I was like, 'OK, thanks for the memories.' And looking back on it, I loved every single minute. I haven't got a bad word to say." As well as an overhaul of the presenters, the tasks and rounds in the show also underwent changes. The look of the programme is also different following a major restyling. Yet there were some fans who continue to enjoy the gameshow, with Alex Stanger saying: "Nice to see a Sebastian Vettel throwback on @QuestionofSport as part of the guess the year round #QuestionofSport." Marie14 noted: "Alice Kinsella looks just like her dad #questionofsport." A Question of Sport continues on Friday at 7.30pm on BBC One.