Naga Munchetty, 47, currently works on BBC's Radio 5 Live and is a regular presenter on BBC Breakfast. The presenter took to Twitter today to fire back at a BBC Breakfast viewer who questioned whether she had "gained a few pounds recently". Naga is known for her stylish appearance on BBC Breakfast and is a favourite among many. One Twitter user, however, took to the social media site to criticise the presenter. PaulHog43674461 said: "You look well Naga, but you've gained a few pounds recently. "Don't let it progress..." READ MORE: Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress Naga fired back in view of her 269,000 Twitter followers as she said: "Thank goodness for people like Paul." Many social media users took to the post's comments to laugh at the presenter's witty response. Georgiebingham said: "I love you for calling out the haters. Never change Nags." (sic) LinleyGma added: "Awwww another man commenting on a woman's body, like he has the right to. "Careful he will be telling you how to get over/through your menstrual cycle next." KarenGeddes18 commented: "Bet you are going to lose a whole load of sleep over this because his comments matter - NOT." This is not the first time Naga has taken to Twitter to defend her appearance. Last Friday Naga was forced to defend her outfit choice as she presented BBC Breakfast. DON'T MISS... Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap [OPINION] Doja Cat puts on a provocative display in sheer skirt at GRAMMYs [GRAMMYS] Anton Du Beke shuts down Strictly judge replacement news [COMMENT] She wore a black silky buttoned-up shirt dress, complementing the chic outfit with a pair of stud earrings. Naga also went for a smokey eye make-up look and a sultry dark lipstick, to match her dress. One viewer, Twitter user SHuggett, wasn't impressed with the look, writing to the presenter on social media: "@TVNaga01 Sweetheart, did you forget to get dressed this morning? X." Naga sarcastically replied quipped: "Yes sweetheart. x." Sticking up for Naga, Chris_Smudge860 said: "Well you looked stunning Naga." The BBC Breakfast presenter recently voiced her disapproval that "ungrateful c**" was trending on Twitter following Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe's comments about the UK Foreign Office. Nazanin had spent six years detained in Iran on false spying charges before finally being released earlier in March. The presenter posted a screenshot of her trending page, which had "#ungratefulcow" at the top, to her Twitter followers. Lost for words, Naga simply wrote: “Wow.”