Last week, Prince Charles and Camilla had a visit to the set of EastEnders after the filming of the special Jubilee episode. During their visit, Camilla revealed to Eastenders star and Strictly champion, Rose Ayling-Ellis that the Queen is a fan of the BBC dancing competition show. On the latest episode on his YouTube channel Neil Sean's Daily News Headlines, royal expert Neil Sean discussed the Queen's love for the show and how the dancing stars may soon be a part of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Mr Sean said that the Queen "loves the show and never misses it". He said: "There is the open opportunity on this wonderful Platinum Jubilee year that Her Majesty could be simply heading towards the ballroom floor. "Charles and Camilla visited the brand new BBC set of the soap opera Eastenders and the idea really now is to invite Her Majesty, the Queen possibly to the set, of course in Hertfordshire". He admitted that this could "be a bit of a drive" but plans could be in place for them to visit her in this Platinum Jubilee year. He added: "Some, if not all, the dancers and the judges, in fact probably the whole cast, to head out to Windsor to wish our gracious Majesty, the Queen, a wonderful Platinum Jubilee year. READ MORE: 'Partners in crime': Prince George allows Charlotte to be the star - learnt from dad "This is because she's a huge huge fan of the show." He continued: "This is all very early days right now but one of her favourites, I can tell you, is none other than Craig Revel Horwood, big fan and big friend of Camilla. "More importantly, quite outspoken and according to a very good source, Her Majesty loves his withering looks and acidity put-downs". Mr Sean also said that Camilla has "been a fan [of Strictly] for so many years". He concluded by stating that the show is "one of the talking points when Camilla and the Queen got together". READ MORE: Kate & Wills lead the way! Cambridges' favourability surge as they step in for Queen Miss Ayling-Ellis was a contestant on the 2021 series of Strictly Come Dancing. She was the first-ever deaf contestant on the show, and alongside professional Giovanni Pernice, won the nineteenth series. On the set, Camilla told the 27-year-old that the Royal Family watched her win last year. The Duchess told the EastEnders actress: “We were all voting for you, Rose. "I don't know how you did all those dances.” Asked by Miss Ayling-Ellis whether the Queen also watched Strictly, Camilla said: “I think she does. After her exchange with the Duchess, Miss Ayling-Ellis said she was "mind blown" that the royals voted for her on Strictly. She said: "It was really funny because she's a huge fan of Strictly Come Dancing and she mentioned that she voted for me which is so lovely, and her grandchildren watch it. “It is amazing, so lovely. I mean come on, it's the Royal Family voting for me, sometimes you forget how many people watch the show, I am mind blown.”