Britons were largely split on whether the Queen should forgive Prince Harry following reports of rifts between the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family. GB News host Patrick Christys questioned Britons on whether the relationship between the monarch and Harry was "irreparable". Some Britons rejected suggestions that Harry should be forgiven, with one man simply saying: "Definitely not!"  Another member of the British public said: "He's ousted himself from the British public now." One woman urged the family to move, saying: "Of course, she should forgive him. He is her grandson. She is going to be loyal to the family. "She can tell him off. She can be annoyed but I don’t think she should freeze him out." JUST IN: Kate Middleton and Prince William miss out on Harry's visit One woman added: "Let bygones be bygones. It's sad. I think the family should stick together. "However, I think there is probably a lot more under the cover that we don't know about." A few members of the public rejected the question out of hand, saying there was "nothing to forgive". A final interviewee responded: "He has been disloyal to his family but they should hopefully figure something out. Nothing is irreparable." The question arose after Harry held a long-awaited meeting with the Queen and Prince Charles on Thursday during a covert visit to Windsor Castle. The brief return to the UK on Thursday was the first time the couple have been on UK soil together since stepping back from royal duties in March 2020. They also reportedly met with Prince Charles during the visit, as he was at Windsor Castle standing in for the Queen at the Maundy Thursday service. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'in and out in 15 minutes' on secret visit to Windsor [INSIGHT]Xi Jinping struggles to contain unprecedented Shanghai protests [VIDEO]Boris Johnson's Rwanda plan backed as even Labour voters support it [POLL] But according to royal commentator Richard Kay, the meeting with Harry's father only lasted for 15 minutes, starting at 10am. A source said that Camilla joined the meeting halfway before the couple left together for St George's Chapel, where the Maundy Thursday service took place. Joe Little, the managing editor of Majesty magazine said the trip was "a very welcome if long overdue move on the part of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex". Following the visit, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex arrived at the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. Harry founded the games to help injured military veterans.