Two workers have been hospitalised after suffering burns from an electrical accident while preparing for next weekend's Formula One race weekend at the Hard Rock Stadium in Miami. The incident occurred in Miami Gardens less than a week before the Miami Grand Prix takes place for the first time in the sport's history. Multiple local reports claim Miami-Dade Fire Rescue units responded to a call about a possible explosion at 2000 Dan Marino Blvd just after 10am ET. Miami-Dade police confirmed both victims were employees of the stadium. One was airlifted from the venue whilst an ambulance took the other to hospital. On Friday, a Hard Rock Stadium spokesperson announced that an 'electrical incident', not an explosion, occurred during preparations for the race events from May 6 to 8 next week. Both victims suffered 'non-life-threatening injuries' and there was also no damage to the venue. A statement read: "We can confirm that two workers were taken to the hospital to receive medical attention for non-life-threatening injuries following an electrical incident. We will continue to monitor the situation and have been in communication with the appropriate authorities." JUST IN: Hamilton prediction made by Bottas after Imola GP nightmare The F1 circus stops in Miami for the first time ever this season, adding to the sport's wealth of events in the United States. The Miami International Autodrome circuit is 5.412km long, with the race stretching along 308.326km over 57 laps in total. The United States Grand Prix takes place at the Circuit of the Americas in Austin, Texas, in October, when the race to top the Drivers' and Constructors' Championships will be heating up. And earlier this year, F1 announced that the Las Vegas Grand Prix would be added to the calendar from 2023. READ MORE: Gasly wants Red Bull return as AlphaTauri star makes Verstappen vow Miami hosts the fifth weekend of the 2022 season, which Charles Leclerc and Ferrari have largely dominated so far. But Leclerc will be determined to bounce back after he could only finish in P6 in Imola last time out after spinning, helping Max Verstappen secure his second win of the year. The Monegasque driver currently leads the drivers' championship on 86 points, 27 ahead of Verstappen. Meanwhile, Ferrari also lead the way among the teams on 124. However, a disappointing weekend, in their home race no less, helped Red Bull tighten the gap and move just 11 behind. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here