Prince Andrew made his first public appearance at his late father, the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service last week. It was the first time he has been publicly seen since settling the sexual assault case filed against him by Virginia Giuffre, whose allegations he vehemently denied. The Duke accompanied his mother, the Queen, to the service and his appearance has faced heavy criticism. Royal expert Natalie Oliveri spoke all about Prince Andrew's royal return on the Australian Today Extra programme this week. Ms Oliveri said: "Andrew is not meant to have any official role in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. "However, it does look like he could be trying to force his way in there which will no doubt be another scandal for the monarchy which it certainly does not need [during the Queen's Jubilee]." Australian Today Extra host Sylvia Jeffreys said on the show: "It's a distraction that is not needed at the moment, is it". Ms Oliveri, speaking about the Duke's memorial appearance, said: "It was another example of Prince Andrew really trying to revive his ruined reputation. "Some fear he is trying to wedge his way in as the Queen's unofficial adviser." READ MORE: 'Slap in face to Queen' Thomas Markle hits out at Harry and Meghan over UK return The royal expert also spoke on reports that Prince Andrew could attend the Epsom Derby to "help his mother with mobility issues". His potential appearance at Epsom could be "why he took such a prominent role at Philip's memorial last week", Ms Oliveri suggested. The Queen's decision to have Prince Andrew attending alongside her at the memorial left "many in the royal family dismayed". Last week, it was reported that the Queen's eldest son, Prince Charles, and his son Prince William had demanded that Prince Andrew be "sidelined" at the memorial. The Queen reportedly "reluctantly" gave into Prince Charles and Prince William's demands to sideline Andrew. READ MORE: Camilla shares ‘extraordinary mixture’ of dream dinner party guests with book club Virginia Giuffre claimed Prince Andrew sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17, allegations he has repeatedly denied. In November 2019, the Duke was quizzed over the sex abuse allegations by journalist Emily Maitlis. Prince Andrew reportedly had close ties with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein and in the 2019 interview, the Duke said he did not regret his friendship with Epstein. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] The interview received enormous amounts of public criticism, and following the interview, the Duke made a decision to step back from his royal duties. In February 2022, it was confirmed that Prince Andrew had agreed to pay a settlement fee to bring the civil sexual assault case brought by his accuser to a close. Although an exact amount has not been released, the settlement agreement has been reported to amount to as much as £12million.