In January, countless major changes were made to the Highway Code in a bid to make the roads safer for all users. The new rules created a “hierarchy of road users” which gave the greatest priority to pedestrians and cyclists, with drivers of cars and larger vehicles bearing the most responsibility. Cyclists were given fresh guidance to ride in the centre of a lane on quieter roads, in slower-moving traffic and at the approach to junctions to make themselves as clearly visible as possible. They were also reminded that they can ride two abreast because it can be safer in large groups or when riding with children. However, the Department for Transport said they must be aware of drivers behind them and allow them to overtake if it is safe to do so. As the changes to the Highway Code were introduced, there have been some clashes between cyclists and drivers. READ MORE: Police seize car owned for 45 minutes A Land Rover driver was fined £1,000 after passing a cyclist on a country lane after they were charged with driving without due care and attention. The driver tried to overtake a group of cyclists on a single track road, injuring one of the cyclists. Richard Gladman, Head of Driving and Riding Standards at IAM RoadSmart, commented on the changes, saying all road users need to act appropriately when travelling. Speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk, he said: “The fact that the Highway Code changed and there was publicity about it, means that some people looked at the Highway Code for the first time for heavens knows how long. DON'T MISSUproar over push from Greens to ban second cars [INSIGHT]Drivers could be fined £1,000 this summer for not using air con [WARNING]Furious locals set up fake speed camera to catch out tourists [SHOCKING] “But the most important bit of the Highway Code is the part at the beginning which basically tells you all to be nice to each other. “Was it Rule H1, everyone is duty bound not to have an accident. “The best bit of road safety advice you could ever be given, you’re actually given by your parents. It’s ‘share nicely’.” Rule H1 of the new Highway Code guidance stated that all road users must be considerate to other road users and “understand their responsibilities for the safety of others”. It went on to say that those in charge of vehicles that can cause the greatest harm in the event of a collision bear the greatest responsibility to take care and reduce the danger they pose to others. Other guidance, included Rule H2 and H3, detailed that all road users at a junction must give way to pedestrians crossing or waiting to cross a road into which or from where they are turning. Rule H3 stated that drivers should not cut across cyclists, horse riders or horse drawn vehicles going ahead when you are turning into or out of a junction or changing direction or lane, just as you would not turn across the path of another motor vehicle. Mr Gladman added: “Horse riders should expect some consideration from motorists but they should also expect consideration from cyclists and pedestrians. “It doesn’t matter where you are in the hierarchy, use a little bit of common sense. “If someone is sat on that animal which has its own brain and its own mind and they're trying to control it, they should be given respect. “It makes absolute sense that if you're driving 38 tonnes of HGV, then you shouldn't get too close when next to a cyclist. “It doesn't take much technical ability to work that out. It’s almost quite sad that we’ve almost had to make something which people have reacted to, to actually get people to think about it.” Motorists were also told to adopt the so-called “Dutch Reach”, meaning anyone in a vehicle will open the door next to them with the opposite hand. This makes the vehicle occupants turn their body to look out of the window behind them, allowing them to see any oncoming pedestrians and cyclists.