To mark their first wedding anniversary, Prince Harry gifted Meghan Markle an eternity ring created by renowned jeweller Lorraine Schwartz. Similarly to her engagement ring, the Duchess of Sussex made alterations to the design of the ring to include the birthstones of those closest to her. Express.co.uk spoke to Steven Stone’s jewellery expert Maxwell Stone about the piece. In royal biography, Finding Freedom, authors Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand revealed Meghan’s eternity ring was altered to include hers, Harry’s and son Archie's birthstones - peridot, emerald, and sapphire, respectively. Maxwell said: “Associated with strength and balance, Meghan’s birthstone – peridot - perfectly represents her strong character. “Believed to bring peace, health and rest, peridot is also said to boost both creativity and mood. “Long associated with royalty and romance, Prince Harry’s birthstone is sapphire - a stone that’s been said to symbolise both fidelity and the soul. READ MORE: Royal Family: William & Kate 'overwhelmed by remorse' after tour “Archie’s birthstone is emerald – the stone of the heart. “Emerald symbolises mercy, compassion and universal love. “Perfectly encapsulating the joy that their firstborn brought to the couple, emerald represents all of the wonderful things that happen in the world and how each and every one of them is interconnected with love.” The expert added: “It’s unknown whether Meghan has plans to add Lilibet’s birthstone to the ring, which is pearl – pearls are believed to bring love, luck, wisdom and peace. DON'T MISS...Boots announces change to Advantage Card points [NEWS]Easy April Fools' Day pranks: Five simple pranks [UPDATE]Aldi shoppers praise £3 ‘wonder’ face oil that ‘smooths out skin’ [SHOP] “Associated with light and purity, pearl is said to bless new life beginnings so would be a fitting tribute to the family's latest addition.” In terms of the ring’s design, Maxwell said: “Set on a gold band with the main stone sourced from Botswana and stunning diamonds on either side from Princess Diana’s jewellery collection, Meghan’s original eternity ring was worth £65,000. “Since then, Meghan has replaced the gold band with a delicate diamond-studded band. “She’s also paid homage to the family by updating the underside of the ring with the birthstones of herself, Harry and Archie. “Now valued at £85,000, it’s a symbolic and meaningful ring that we expect will be altered in the future to include Lilibet’s birthstone – the addition of a pearl stone will see the ring increase in value by a further £800.” In recent months, Meghan has been spotted without her eternity ring. Instead, the Duchess has worn a different diamond ring altogether. The Snowflake Ring is designed by one of her favourite jewellers Birks - the same company that designed the earrings she wore on her wedding day. It is said to cost around £3,300 and “is tribute to the dazzling beauty of Canadian winters”, which is where Meghan lived when she filmed Suits. The country is also where Meghan and Harry retreated for their first Christmas with Archie after he was born. While the origin of the ring isn’t yet known, it could well be a present from the Prince after the birth of their daughter Lilibet.