Homeware textiles designer at Marks & Spencer, Lydia Lloyd, has shared a “quick way” to put a double duvet cover on. Lydia, who is known as marksandspencer_lydia on Instagram, often shares interior and homeware styling tips on her account. She has also previously shared how to neatly fold a fitted sheet. Last week, Lydia showed her followers how to put a double duvet on easily by yourself. The caption to the video read: “Here’s a quick way to put your duvet cover on.” The first thing homeowners need to do is lay the duvet cover inside out on top of the bed. Next, lay the duvet itself on top of the inside out duvet cover. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share best and worst vacuum cleaners The duvet and the duvet cover should be the same shape. Homeowners may need to climb onto the bed to follow the next step. From the top of the bed, roll the duvet and cover together towards the bottom of the bed. When rolling, the duvet cover should wrap around the duvet and create a long sausage-like shape.  DON'T MISSCleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [INSIGHT]Energy bills: How to reduce your laundry costs by £100 a year [UPDATE]Average house price hits record high for third month [ANALYSIS] Once rolled, find the duvet’s opening and feed the rolled bedding through the opening. Fasten the buttons or zip and unroll the bedding. The duvet should be tucked neatly into the duvet. Lydia made her bed as normal, adding decorative cushions and a throw. The duvet set Lydia has is the M&S Pure Cotton Forsythia Bedding set. She also has the Comfortably Cool Sheet and Comfortably Cool Duvet. Lydia’s folding hack video got 88 likes on Instagram. Many people use the “inside out” method to put their duvet cover on. This usually requires a person to put their duvet cover inside out and insert both hands inside into the two top corners.  With one corner in each hand, reach down to grab the two top corners of the duvet. Hold the top corners tightly and lip the duvet cover over the duvet. Shake the duvet until the cover falls down to cover most of it. Pull the cover right down and put the bottom corners of the duvet into the cover. Once the duvet is aligned inside the cover, fasten it and make your bed.