Liverpool ended a remarkable Manchester City record as the two Premier League title rivals played out an exhilarating 2-2 draw at the Etihad on Sunday. Pep Guardiola's side were twice pegged back as goals from Diogo Jota and Sadio Mane saw Jurgen Klopp's men cancel out strikes from Kevin De Bruyne and Gabriel Jesus. It took only five minutes for De Bruyne to open the scoring in the epic Etihad encounter as his deflected strike evaded Alisson, and at that point, one could have been forgiven for thinking the writing was on the wall. Prior to Sunday's showdown, City had won all 22 Premier League matches in which they had scored first, however, Liverpool would bring that incredible run to an end as they twice fought back to deny the hosts another three points. The Reds responded within eight minutes of falling behind as Jota coolly slotted home following fine work from Andy Robertson and Trent Alexander-Arnold, to settle any Liverpool nerves following a frenetic start. However, Klopp's side suffered a second setback shortly before half-time. Guardiola gambled by handing Jesus his first Premier League start since New Year's Day, but the Brazilian forward rewarded his manager for his faith with 37 minutes on the clock. The 25-year-old ghosted in behind Liverpool's Alexander-Arnold before cushioning Joao Cancelo's whipped cross into the visitors' net, aided by the underside of the crossbar. JUST IN: Chelsea fans warned of conduct by Courtois ahead of Madrid clash  The Brazilian's goal was his first in the Premier League since way back in September, but marked his fifth career strike against the Reds. Jesus' effort put City in a commanding position once again, but the drama was far from finished. In fact, it took only 47 seconds of the second half for Liverpool to respond. Sadio Mane clinically dispatched Mohamed Salah's defence-splitting through-ball to level the match once more as the Premier League title race took yet another dramatic twist. DON'T MISS...Chelsea fans warned of conduct by Courtois ahead of Madrid clashPiers Morgan involved in Spanish exchange with ex-Arsenal ace CeballosMan Utd boss Ralf Rangnick could use RB Leipzig contacts  Both sides failed to convert second-half chances and bag a winner as honours were even and Liverpool became the first side to deny City all three points after they had scored the first goal in the Premier League this season. The draw would also see a Liverpool streak of their own brought to an end. Klopp's men had won 10 Premier League matches on the spin prior to their visit to the Etihad, where they were forced to share the spoils. Sunday's stalemate means Guardiola's side remain one point ahead of Liverpool atop the league's summit, with a mere seven matches now left to play. 