Fibromyalgia is a musculoskeletal pain that affects a lot of the body. It may be felt all-round the body or in specific areas. For O’Connor, although the condition isn’t curable, it’s manageable, she said. The hardest part for her, however, was dealing with the fatigue that the condition brings. “I have a high pain threshold, so that helps – it’s the tiredness part that I have difficulty with,” she told the publication HotPress after stepping away from music in 2003. READ MORE: Statins side effects: The colour of your pee could signal liver damage - expert  The condition, according to Mayo Clinic, is accompanied by sleep, memory, and mood problems alongside the fatigue that the star experienced. The exact cause of the condition is not known, states the NHS, although there are plenty of pieces of research exploring its origins. What is known about the condition is that it seems to begin after physical trauma, surgery, infection, or significant psychological stress.    According to O’Connor, people with the condition have to change their lifestyle to accommodate for the disease, which is made worse by stress. “You get to know your patterns and limits, though, so you can work and plan around it,” she said. “It is made worse, obviously, by stress. “So you have to try to keep life quiet and peaceful.”    Despite leaving the industry in 2003, she couldn’t keep away and returned in 2005. She has since announced in February 2020 she’ll never perform again after her son’s recent death. New research undertaken at Kings College London and published in July 2021, has shown that symptoms of the condition are likely to be caused by an autommine problem. The symptoms are caused by antibodies that increase the activity of the nerves in the body that are linked with sensing pain.   During the experiment, mice were injected with antibodies from people with the condition. Shortly after, the mice became more sensitive to pressure and cold. They also had less grip strength. According to the NHS, other symptoms of the condition include headaches, irritable bowel syndrome and muscle stiffness. 