Known for its “anything anywhere” shipping pledge for businesses and individuals wanting to send fragile, large, awkward or high value goods, the latest service shop is set for Camberley in Surrey. This will take the franchise operator’s tally to 20 around the UK as it expands its online, logistics hubs and high street networks. With turnover up 33 per cent for this quarter compared to last year, 2023’s forecast is £10million plus. The pandemic accelerated demand as Britain got moving in unexpected and urgent ways. Mike Ryan, head franchisor for the business in the UK, explains: “Orders grew with the difficulties resulting from post-Brexit paperwork followed by Covid and lockdown. “We were called on to get IT kit and mobile phones to employees working from home, then upgrades for them, and also sadly collecting it from staff who had been made redundant. “Students were leaving very quickly to beat restrictions and we worked with universities who needed our teams’ help. We held Facetime calls with students to identify what in their abandoned rooms needed shipping. It was a massive task and a seismic change, but it has allowed us to develop the brand in this marketplace.” Ryan opened the first centre in 2009 in Reading, buying the master licence for the UK from Pack and Send’s Australia-based parent and using seed bank capital and private funding that has now been paid off. “I could see the opportunity for a more flexible service not being covered by large logistics companies that was the result of the internet and a new way of buying products in a global market for the millions of small businesses as well as people,” he says. “Now we have the broadest packing and shipping services under one roof in the UK. Our sites are known for their accessibility. We operate in a global marketplace, but decisions about items are made locally. Our customers deal with human beings.” More than 90 per cent of shipments are international. Auction houses provide a strong trade – Pack and Send (www.packsend.co.uk) did the despatching of everything from vehicles to tools after racing team Caterham Formula 1’s administration.  Taxidermy items and probate bequests, such as a unique photo album collection, are other regulars along with Toyota MR2 hard top cars sent to a US client. On the quirky side it has sent Mars Ice Cream bars to expats in Sydney and was also in the wings at the Brit Awards this year waiting for a performer to hand them the last of his belongings before he moved to LA. “Our franchisees offer both off the shelf and custom packaging, often creating bespoke packaging materials to cushion precious items,” Ryan points out. “Pack is our key word.” The business’s franchisees now number 19 with 100 employed across the network. Average store turnover is £350,000 with the top 25 per cent bringing in £500,000 plus.  New franchisees join a proven, trusted operation and receive two months training. Investment they need to get going ranges from £120,000 to £135,000. This covers £50,000 minimum from their funds with loans available if required to make up the balance. HSBC and NatWest banks have been on hand supplying advice and support and now, as Ryan expands Pack and Send’s UK footprint with three more sites planned after Camberley this year, he is eyeing Manchester and Birmingham especially. “There is potential in these cities,” he explains and urges “entrepreneurs get in touch”. www.packsend.co.uk 