The bank has confirmed it will be changing the opening hours of its operations going forward following the pandemic. From July 16, 2021, Santander will be shifting its services by offering greater telephone support to customers. According to the bank, this is to respond to evident changes in consumer behaviour which have evolved in recent years. This latest announcement regarding opening hours comes after last year’s closure of 111 Santander bank branches. However, Santander confirmed no branch closures as part of these specific changes and all of the bank’s remaining 450 branches will remain open during the week. Furthermore, around 87 percent of branches will continue to operate on Saturday also, albeit under the new opening hours. Santander has promised to strengthen its telephone service operations which its reports helped 1.4 million customers in 2021. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  As a result of the pending changes, Santander branches are set to shift their weekday opening hours from 9:30am to 4:30pm to 9:30am to 3pm. During 3pm to 5pm, colleagues at each bank will be readily available for pre-booked face-to-face appointments. This will be for customers who need support exta that cannot be given through alternative channels or earlier in the working day. As of July, 316 branches will move from full day Saturday opening, which is 9:30am to 4pm to half day Saturday openings.  This new opening time on Saturdays will now be 9:30pm to 12:30pm, meaning customers will only have three regular hours at the bank on this day. However, face-to-face appointments will be available at these branches between 12:30pm to 4pm. Similarly to the weekday hour model, customers can get these appointments if they need support that cannot be given through different means or earlier in the day. On top of this, 76 branches will retain their current half day opening hours of 9:30am to 12:30pm on a Saturday. Also, around 58 Satander branches will continue to be closed on a Saturday as they are as of today. Richard Owen, the head of Branches at Santander, outlined why the bank has opted to make this drastic change to its opening hours. Mr Owen explained: “These changes will enable us to maintain our existing branch network while providing significant additional capacity to help customers who want to talk to us by phone. “We have seen a continuing reduction in branch usage over several years, both before and since the peak of the pandemic, with many customers preferring to transact digitally or contact us by phone. “We want to make sure we have the right mix of channels to help our customers however they choose to bank with us.” According to the bank, the overall number of customers using Santander’s branches fell by 33 percent over the two years before the pandemic. This rose to a further 50 percent in 2020 and 12 percent in 2021. The bank shared it will be writing to its customers from today, April 21, to outlined the new opening hours and the range of services Santander will continue to offer.