Breaking Bad prequel Better Call Saul has followed Jimmy McGill (played by Bob Odenkirk) as he tried to turn his life around from an ex-con artist to a legit small-time attorney. It was never going to be easy starting afresh and with just one more series left to go, there's bound to be even more trouble ahead. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about watching the last ever series of Better Call Saul. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better Call Saul. Better Call Saul season six will premiere on Tuesday, April 19, on Netflix. The time it is going to be released does depend on where you are in the world.  READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames A As the rest of Europe is roughly an hour behind the UK, the crime drama will make its debut at 9am on April 19. However, if you're living in America then viewers will get treated to the series a little earlier. As Better Call Saul is an AMC original, it is first going to air on Monday, April 18, 18 at 9 pm ET/PT. The first two episodes will premiere back-to-back on April 18 and be ready to watch the following day on Netflix. From then on, one new instalment will be released weekly on Mondays on AMC and Tuesdays on Netflix. These next five episodes make up the first part of series six which will conclude on May 23/24, depending on where you are. Better Call Saul will then return for its final six episodes on July 11/12, on AMC and Netflix respectively. Bearing this in mind, the drama's final ever episode will be airing on the streamer on Tuesday, August 16. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop’s Amanda Middleditch opens up on BBC success [EXPLAINER]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Mike betrays Gus to save Nacho [THEORY]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Gene to free Kim from prison [SPOILER] Season six is longer than its previous series which had 10 episodes each. This time around, the Breaking Bad drama will consist of a whopping 13, split into two parts like other Netflix series Ozark and Stranger Things. Fans will be excited to know that co-creator Peter Gould has already confirmed the return of both Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul. They are going to reprise their roles as Walter White and Jesse Pinkman just as the show begins to wrap up for good. At a Q&A event, Gould teased: “I don’t want to spoil things for the audience, but I will say the first question we had when we started the show was, ‘Are we gonna see Walt and Jesse on the show?’ "Instead of evading, I’ll just say yeah. “How or the circumstances or anything, you’ll just have to discover that for yourself, but I have to say that’s one of many things that I think you’ll discover this season.” Better Call Saul season six premieres on Monday, April 18, on AMC in America and Tuesday, April 19, in the UK.