Ajax boss Erik ten Hag has been urged to reconsider making a move to Manchester United by Dutch footballing legend Marco van Basten, with the hero calling the current Red Devils squad 'thoughtless' after their loss to Liverpool on Tuesday.  Ralf Rangnick's men took to battle at Anfield with the aim of keeping the pressure on Arsenal and Tottenham in the race for a top four finish. Their recent record against their Merseyside counterparts didn't offer much in terms of hope, with their last league win coming in March 2018 and a last victory at Anfield occurring in January 2016. That losing streak unsurprisingly continued with a 4-0 defeat thanks to goals from Luis Diaz, Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah. With Rangnick set to leave the managerial seat in the summer, Ten Hag has been installed as the clear favourite to take over the hapless Red Devils upon the expiration of the German's contract. But footballing legend Van Basten has urged Ten Hag to reconsider his decision, labelling current stars - including Harry Maguire - "thoughtless" given their current form. “They just shoot the ball themselves," Van Basten told Dutch publication VI. JUST IN: Man Utd players 'informed' of Erik ten Hag appointment with announcement plan in place  "And then when they have the ball, what is Maguire going to do? He passes the ball back and says: you take responsibility. That is not thinking in solutions." Maguire has been lambasted in the press for his poor performances throughout the season, with many questioning the £80million fee United paid Leicester in 2019. There is nothing Maguire himself can do about the lump sum that was paid for his services, but there is an element of question about his performances that will make Ten Hag wonder how he can fix the predicament. And with Rangnick telling reporters that United are six years behind Liverpool, there is still a chance Ten Hag will take up Van Basten's advice and dodge a move to the north west. “It’s embarrassing, it’s completely disappointing and also humiliating, but we’ve got to accept that they’re six years ahead of us," Rangnick told beINSPORTS. "When you compare that squad that Liverpool has with the one that Jurgen inherited when he came six years ago, I think at the end of his first season they finished eighth. DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports  "They had a point average of 1.6. This is roughly where we are right now with our current team so this team needs to be rebuilt. It's clear and a game like today showed that even in a very drastic way that this rebuild is necessary." United currently sit sixth in the Premier League table, with their Champions League qualification hopes taking a huge dent with Arsenal's win over Chelsea on Wednesday evening. The Red Devils are three points behind their divisional rivals having played a game more. 