Isle of Wight council had to apologise after its electric car charging points were hacked to display a porn website. All three of the council's car parks that feature the charging points were affected, leaving EV owners embarrassed by explicit images as they plugged in their vehicles. Staff are now having to visit sites in the Freshwater area to make sure the web address to the pornographic site is "covered up". The issue first came to light on Sunday after drivers were unable to get one of the charging points to work. But they were astonished by the sudden appearance of a porn site on the screen and reported it to a local paper. The paper in turn then alerted the council to the problem. READ MORE: New car tax changes today will leave drivers in 'sticky situations' The council said: "We are saddened to learn that a third-party web address displayed on our electric vehicle (EV) signage appears to have been hacked. "The council would like to apologise to anyone who may have found the inappropriate web content and for any inconvenience from charge points out of action." It said the affected chargers were originally part of the ChargePoint Genie network, but had recently been transferred to the GeniePoint network. The council added: "We are aware of the unreliability of some of the charge points in council car parks and will be replacing these with new charge points over the next few months.” The island is set to get a new batch of electric vehicle chargers installed in the summer operated by a different company. DON'T MISSDrivers brand EV owners 'plain stupid' for not having home charger [SHOCKING]Petrol price checker: How to check the cheapest fuel near you [INSIGHT]Drivers call on electric car owners to pay car tax - 'very simple' [COMMENT] The news comes as petrol and diesel drivers across the UK showed their anger at EV drivers who don’t have a charger at home. Motorists are frustrated with owners of electric vehicles who say they are finding it harder to locate charging points for their cars, especially if they don’t have home chargers installed. Some have even compared it to “like buying peanut brittle when you have no teeth”. Express.co.uk this week reported on one frustrated EV driver who is angry with his local supermarket over a broken electric car charger which has seen him miss family events because of a lack of charge. But he got little sympathy from most readers who said EV owners who bought a battery powered car without the means to charge it were ‘stupid’. And other drivers have been calling for electric car owners to pay an equal share of car tax for their use of the roads, claiming that people are being "priced off roads". Car tax changes were unveiled on April 1, which saw Vehicle Excise Duty increase, with most drivers facing higher annual costs. Company car tax, also known as Benefit-in-Kind, saw changes too, with most vehicles seeing a one percent increase, the most significant of which affected electric vehicles which saw tax increase from one to two percent. However EV drivers still pay no road tax, or VED, whatsoever. And they also escape paying fees for driving in low-emissions zones and clean air zones. The only exception is for zero emissions zones, but only one of those is in operation in the UK, in Oxford. All cars must pay a fee to enter the city centre regardless of how they are powered.