Duncan Campbell, 55, said he intends to "have a dig at the council" by burrowing the plants across Cwmbran, south Wales. His antics have become popular in the area, with residents sharing photos on social media and even asking Duncan to clean up their streets.  Torfaen Borough Council, controlled by the Labour Party, says it inspects its streets regularly to look for potholes. But Duncan, who has lived in the area all his life, said "potholes are everywhere". Speaking to Wales Online, the carer continued: "When you drove through the roads here you've pretty much got to swerve everywhere you go. "These are the services that are obviously failing us. The state of our roads has always been a long, long issue. My concern is regarding how many invisible services to most are also failing. "It dawned on me I could start putting the flowers in the potholes for a laugh. I wasn't doing much at home, so it was really just a bit of merriment for myself. "Every time I walk around the area people stop me and talk to me about it and they seem to be quite pleased that there is some attention being drawn towards it. "Some people are quite confused by what I'm doing, but I think it's a good laugh to be honest. I'm quite enjoying myself." The backlog of repairs on pothole-plagued roads across England and Wales has soared by almost a quarter in 12 months. Duncan is standing as an independent in the upcoming local elections next month. He often posts images of his pretty flowers on social media. He added: "The reaction has been very good. "What started out as something quite funny has a serious element to it. What I’m taking photos of are the services that are obviously very visible to us." A spokeswoman for Torfaen Borough Council said: "The council operates a system of both pro-active and reactive inspections of all adopted streets within the borough. The full cycle of inspections take place on a cyclical basis, and all streets are fully inspected. "We also inspect any potholes that are reported to us via online forms etc. Potholes which are found on private streets are the responsibility of the landowners whomever they may be. "An inspection of this street has taken place, and the potholes identified will be fixed in a matter of due course. Residents are encouraged to report potholes via the Torfaen app, online or by phoning 01495 762200. We would like to inform residents that interfering with the carriageway regardless of their intentions is dangerous." 