  Laura Kenny, 29, has revealed that she has had both a miscarriage and an ectopic pregnancy in past five months. The five-time Olympic cycling champion admitted that “scared doesn't even come close” to how she felt at the time, and disclosed that she even lost a fallopian tube.      The UK’s most successful female Olympic athlete told her Instagram followers that she became pregnant with fellow cyclist husband Jason Kenny after last summer's Tokyo Games. However, she tragically miscarried nine weeks into her pregnancy, back in November. The sports star was still feeling unwell after catching Covid in January, and was subsequently rushed into hospital where she had emergency surgery with an ectopic pregnancy. Posting a picture of herself smiling with her fellow GB teammates, the athlete opened up about her ordeal to her 197,000 Instagram followers. READ MORE: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore     “Back at a bike race! I didn’t expect to be back at a race any time soon but life doesn’t always go to plan does it?” she began. “Since the Olympics we haven’t had much luck and it’s been the hardest few months I’ve ever had to go through. “Jason and I fell pregnant immediately after the games and we were absolutely chuffed to bits. “But unfortunately in November when commentating at the track champions league I miscarried our baby at 9 weeks,” she revealed.      “I’ve never felt so lost and sad. It felt like a part of me had been torn away. “I grabbed for my safety blanket, bike riding! I found myself back in my happy place training again. After sharing the devastating story of her miscarriage, Laura went on to reveal she had also suffered a terrifying hospital scare. “I then caught Covid in mid January and found myself feeling really very unwell,” she explained. READ MORE... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [NEWS] Piers Morgan threatens to ‘storm into GMB' as hosts warn 'lock doors!' [NEWS] Sandra Bullock admits Daniel Radcliffe was 'not who I expected' [INSIGHT]      “I didn’t have typical covid symptoms and I just felt I needed to go to hospital. “A day later I found myself in A&E being rushed to theatre because I was having an ectopic pregnancy. “Scared doesn’t even come close. I lost a fallopian tube that day. “I’ve always known I was tough, but sometimes life pushes you to an unbearable limit. “If it wasn’t for Jason and Albie getting me through the day to day I’d have been broken.      “But here I am, with the support of my family, friends and team mates, on the podium of a nation’s cup,” she concluded with a heart emoji. She later wrote on her Instagram story: "It feels 'brave' talking about miscarriage and baby loss. But it shouldn't be. "Jason and I felt lonely going through it and like we had taken the happiness away from our families by not telling them. "They didn't get the joy of thinking another baby was on the way, only the sad. "Miscarriage is a lot more common than people realise which is why we have decided to share our heartbreak, to help support others." Kenny and cyclist husband Jason, 34, have a son, Albie, who was born in 2017.  