The Castle of Mey was the property of the Queen Mother from 1952 until 1996 when she generously gifted it with an endowment to the Trust. It was reportedly bought for less than £100 at the time and was a firm favourite home of the Queen Mother. Something that defines the Royal Family is the number of castles, palaces and stately homes that are associated with it.  Whether it's Buckingham Palace, the Tower of London, Windsor Castle or Kensington Palace, the Royal Family has an impressive portfolio of homes around the country. The Castle of Mey is one stunning Scottish home that was bought for a shockingly low price. The castle has never been lived in full-time by the Queen and is today used as a summer home for Prince Charles and Camilla. The story of its purchase is even featured in Netflix’s The Crown. READ MORE: Camilla will wear Queen Mother's crown with Koh-i-Noor diamond The Castle of Mey is situated in Caithness on the northern coast of Scotland. It is a four-and-a-half-hour journey from another of the Royal Family’s Scottish residences, Balmoral Castle in Aberdeenshire. The Castle of Mey was built between 1566 and 1572 on the lands of Mey which belonged to the Bishops of Caithness. The castle was purchased by the recently widowed Queen Mother in 1952, following the death of her husband King George VI on February 6 of the same year. While it is not known exactly how much the former Queen paid for the home- some say she was given it for free or that she paid £1. Meanwhile, others suggest she paid up to £100, which would be the equivalent of £2,951.53 today. The Queen Mother used her own funds to bring the castle up to date by adding electricity and freshwater supplies. Even still, Princess Margaret called it "Mummy’s drafty castle".  Barrogill Castle, as it was then known, was in a semi-derelict state when it was purchased to be used as a holiday home by the former Queen. Upon its completion, she reinstated the original name to the Castle of Mey. The Queen Mother usually visited the castle in August and October from 1955 until her final visit in October 2001, before her death in March 2002. The library was used as her private sitting room in later life and she was known to watch her favourite British comedies Fawlty Towers and Dad’s Army in there.  The Castle of Mey is now owned by the Queen Elizabeth Castle of Mey Trust and it is open to the public between May and September every year. It is however closed for 10 days between the end of July and the beginning of August which is usually when the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall visit the castle during the summer. The royal couple can also count Clarence House, Birkhall, Highgrove House and Llwynywermod among their homes. On January 1, 2019, Prince Charles became the new president of the Castle of Mey Trust, as well as the sole trustee. 