The young Princess was seen innocently staring at the floor as her mother greeted a Reverand. The Duke of Cambridge and Prince George looked more engaged as greetings were made. However, the Princess still stole the show and was highly appreciated by Twitter users who complimented her sweet looks. Patricia Hogson said: "Charlotte has the Queen's lovely cheeks and smile… beautiful children and very nicely dressed…love traditional clothes." Her appearance at the Easter Service is young Charlotte’s second public appearance in three weeks after winning the hearts of royal fans at a memorial service dedicated to her late great-grandfather, Prince Philip. Today the Princess was seen wearing a floral spring dress with a neat navy cardigan as she walked towards the service. Elder brother George emulated his father by wearing a navy suit. The Duchess of Cambridge matched the colours of her daughter by wearing a pastel blue coat with a darker shaded hat. The Queen, who has been experiencing mobility issues, is not attending the service, which is a staple in the royal calendar. The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall, who represented the Queen at Thursday's Royal Maundy service at the same chapel, are also not attending the Easter Sunday service. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex stuns alongside Edward and Lady Louise The Queen was present at a recent service at Westminster Abbey commemorating the life of the Duke of Edinburgh with senior royals and a congregation of hundreds and has been carrying out virtual events and her other duties as head of state. The 95-year-old, who turns 96 on Thursday, reached her Platinum Jubilee in February and overcame a bout of Covid after testing positive that month. DON'T MISS:Queen Camilla would have had Diana's blessing, claims royal expert [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's mother Diana admitted 'Easter always difficult time' [REVEAL]Kate Middleton recycles baby blue Emilia Wickstead dress for Easter  [REPORT] The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge took to Twitter to celebrate the Easter event. On Twitter and Instagram, William and Kate shared a photo that showed a photo of Kensington Palace headed paper that had: "Happy Easter" written in stunning calligraphy. On Twitter, the Royal couple wrote: "Wishing a Happy Easter to all our followers!" when they posted the image.  Fans couldn't wait to respond with their own Easter wishes for the family. One fan wrote: "Wishing you all a very Happy Easter too! Hope there are plenty of Easter eggs and Easter fun in the Cambridge household today!" A second penned: "Here's wishing you all the happiest of times over Easter, thank you all so much for being our rays of sunshine in these dark times. "We are extremely proud of you & all that you do you just make the world a better kinder place." 