In many households, microwaves are used daily, but cleaning them often falls to the wayside. However, there is one "easy" and rather cost-effective cleaning hack that can help banish stubborn food stains and grease build-ups. Reddit user Jellybeanbean shared their "easiest" cleaning hack for combatting microwaves in a Reddit forum. According to the user's first-hand experience, you need nothing more than hot water and vinegar to break down those tough to remove stains. They explained: "The easiest way to clean your microwave is to put a cup of hot water and normal vinegar inside, turn it on for about three to four minutes. "Once it's done, those tough stubborn bits of food should glide right off with a simple wipe of a damp cloth - easy. READ MORE: Kill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water "The mix I would use is about one-third vinegar two-thirds water but you can try it out and mix how you think works best." The vinegar and water method works to steam clean the microwave with minimal effort thanks to vinegar's high acidity. Most household vinegar contains around four to six percent acetic acid, which is what makes it such a great cleaning agent. In fact, its highly acidic pH level - which is around 2.4 - means that vinegar needs to be diluted with water for cleaning. DON'T MISSUse a white vinegar spray after every single shower [EXPLAINER]How to clean your kettle with white vinegar [INSIGHT]Is it cheaper to use an electric heater or your gas radiators? [REPORT] When combined with steam, this helps to soften hard or crusty build-ups. According to experts from kitchn.com: "Because vinegar is so acidic, it can counteract some icky buildups. "It can dissolve away soap scum, brines left by hard water, and glue left behind by stickers." Vinegar has also been shown to have some antibacterial properties. A step-by-step guide to cleaning your microwave with vinegar To begin, measure out approximately two cups of water and two tablespoons of vinegar into a microwave-safe measuring cup or bowl. Then place the bowl into the microwave and turn it on for five minutes until the liquid comes to a boil. Allow this to then sit for two to three minutes. At this time, do not open the microwave, and instead, let the steam circulate to loosen any stains or splatters inside. Carefully remove the bowl from the microwave, and then take out the turntable. Using a sponge, wipe down the inside of your microwave. Start with the ceiling, moving down to the sides and finally the bottom of the appliance. You should also remember to clean the microwave door. Next, give the turntable a wipe down and rinse before putting it back inside. Using a clean dish towel, give the inside of your microwave a final wipe down to dry it off.