Domino's pizza chain has added the Grilled Vegi Pesto to its Italian menu. The antipasti pizza will be available nationwide from today, April 11. Pizza lovers should act quick, because the Grilled Vegi Pesto is limited edition. The American pizza company has not revealed how long it will be on the menu. The new addition to the menu comes as customers are keen to explore more vegetarian offers, with sales of the popular Vegi Volcano increasing to 17 percent. The demand for meat-free pizzas has grown year on year, according to Domino's. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham marries into astonishingly wealthy family The new Grilled Vegi Pesto pizza is loaded with chargrilled courgettes, red, green and yellow peppers, tomatoes and crunchy red onions. It is finished with an aromatic pesto drizzle and will be handmade in store on Dominos' signature fresh dough. As is typical, the pizza will boast vine-ripened tomato sauce and a generous sprinkling of 100 percent mozzarella. YouGov data from May 2021 revealed that 68 percent of Brits are trying to reduce their meat consumption. The flexitarian trend is on the rise too as 13 percent of Brits are now attempting vegetarianism with only the occasional meat meal. Melanie Howe, Domino's Fresh Veg Picker, said: “We know our veggie pizza fans love our flavour combinations, so we wanted to create an epic pizza that is perfect for al-fresco get-togethers this summer. "We’ve taken the most popular veggie toppings and then thrown in some newbies that are packed with flavour." One ingredient in particular is predicted to entice pizza lovers. She continued: "We’ve added a fragrant and delicious pesto twist to create our Grilled Vegi Pesto pizza that is sure to be a real crowd pleaser. "The drizzle gives the pizza a herby pop of flavour like nothing else we have on the menu.” The Grilled Vegi Pesto pizza isn't the only newcomer to the pizza chain. Dominos is offering a new Tasty Twosome deal where pizza lovers can bag two medium pizzas for £19.99.