Mr Biden’s job approval dropped 18 points among young Americans over the past year, according to a poll from the Institute of Politics at Harvard Kennedy School (IOP) published today (April 25). The poll also found the president had a 41 percent favour-ability rating. This represented a drop from 46 percent approval for Mr Biden last autumn, and 51 percent last spring among ages 18-29. The results mean that only 69 percent of young voters who voted for Mr Biden in 2020 still approve of his job performance. This comes at a difficult time for Mr Biden, as his party looks to maintain its position in the White House and the Senate in the approaching midterm elections. Those in the 18 to 29-year-old bracket also expressed growing disenchantment with the political system. In this group, 36 percent said “political involvement rarely has tangible results”, while 42 percent believed their vote “doesn’t make a difference”. Student debt proved to be a key issue among these voters, with 85 percent favouring some form of action and 38 percent backing total cancellation. One of Mr Biden’s most popular campaign pledges was a promise to remove $10,000 of debt per borrower - but many of his critics highlight that he has mostly just managed to delay the need for repayment, extending the CARES act to do so four times during his presidency. CNN highlight that he has wiped away debt from 700,000 people, for a total value of $17 billion, although they add that this appears to have largely gone under the US media radar. Young Americans also appear to feel that that Mr Biden is doing his best when it comes to handling Covid (52 percent approve) and Ukraine (46 percent), but are less supportive of his approach to the economy (34 percent). These results are similar for American adults. READ MORE: Horror as Irishman kicked to death on Malaga beach [INSIGHT] IOP polling director John Della Volpe said: “While this is an off-year election; there’s no evidence in this survey that young Americans are off the grid. “Their contempt for a system that favours the elite and is overwhelmingly partisan is clear, but at the same time they see a role for government and are unlikely to abandon those most in need.” Mr Biden appears to be currently aiming to remind voters of the historic trillion dollar infrastructure bill passed by Congress and spending on the coronavirus recovery as he steps up his travel domestically. But it may not be easy for the Democrat leader to get the results he wants in the midterms in November, with Mr Biden bringing in poor polling ratings. According to a rolling average maintained by Real Clear Politics, Mr Biden’s standing sits at 40.9 percent. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Macron SNUBS Johnson's ambition to fix 'broken' relations [REVEAL]POLL: Should Tory MP who made Angela Rayner comments be punished? [INSIGHT]Macron's 'viscerally anti-British' team warned 'there's trouble ahead' [ANALYSIS] According to Reuters/Ipsos, Mr Biden currently sits at the lowest approval rating since the start of his presidency. The Cook Political Report have also stated that the Democrats currently have 27 House seats considered to be in toss-up or worse categories. However, following Emmanuel Macron’s victory in the French presidential election yesterday following his own dismal polling results, this may not necessarily spell doom for Mr Biden. White House Chief of Staff Ronald Klain highlighted Mr Macron's low approval rating, at 36 percent, versus his election victory, with 58.54 percent of the votes, to hint at a potentially similar path for President Biden.