Chelsea can pull away from the chasing pack and ensure that they will be playing Champions League football next season with a victory over West Ham on Sunday. The Blues were beaten 4-2 by Arsenal in midweek and Thomas Tuchel will need to rejig his side or his side will taste defeat against another of their London rivals. The German boss admitted he got his tactics wrong against the Gunners and it would be no surprise to see him completely reshape his squad to spark a reaction. Express Sport takes a look at Chelsea’s expected XI ahead of Sunday’s match at Stamford Bridge, with four players likely to be dropped by Tuchel – including Romelu Lukaku and Ruben Loftus-Cheek. Goalkeeper: Edouard Mendy Although Kepa Arrizabalaga is a strong backup option, Edouard Mendy is somewhat of a shoo-in for Tuchel. The Senegalese shot-stopper has had a few shaky moments over the past few months but he has been one of the best goalkeepers in the Premier League this season and it would be a major shock for him to be dropped with just seven games remaining of Chelsea’s season. There was very little that Mendy could have done to prevent any of Arsenal’s four goals at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday night and the shaky backline in front of him will shoulder the blame for them. Mendy has been a commanding presence between the sticks for Tuchel and he will need to step up to the mark on Sunday. Goalkeeper: Edouard Mendy Although Kepa Arrizabalaga is a strong backup option, Edouard Mendy is somewhat of a shoo-in for Tuchel. The Senegalese shot-stopper has had a few shaky moments over the past few months but he has been one of the best goalkeepers in the Premier League this season and it would be a major shock for him to be dropped with just seven games remaining of Chelsea’s season. There was very little that Mendy could have done to prevent any of Arsenal’s four goals at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday night and the shaky backline in front of him will shoulder the blame for them. Mendy has been a commanding presence between the sticks for Tuchel and he will need to step up to the mark on Sunday. Defence: Reece James, Thiago Silva, Trevoh Chalobah After being unable to play for Denmark in the international break and then being substituted at half-time against Arsenal, Andreas Christensen looks likely to be dropped for the match against the Gunners. The centre-back struggled to contain Eddie Nketiah, whilst Malang Sarr also failed to impress and looks likely to be dropped. Thiago Silva has been excellent for the Blues this season and he could return to the starting lineup. Trevoh Chalobah, too, has exceeded expectations for Chelsea and has been somewhat of an unsung hero for the club since being thrown into the deep end at the start of the campaign. Reece James or Cesar Azpilicueta could slot into the right-sided centre-back role, though the former has adjusted well to the role of late. The absence of Antonio Rudiger in defence will be a huge miss for the Blues so having James, who can replicate the German in how he drives into midfield, could soften that blow. Midfield: Cesar Azpilicueta, Jorginho, N’Golo Kante, Marcos Alonso With Tuchel confirming that Mateo Kovacic, Callum Hudson-Odoi and Ben Chilwell are all ruled out with injury, Chelsea’s lineup looks likely to largely be made up of the same quartet that started against Arsenal. However, in a game where winning the midfield battle will be crucial, Jorginho could return to the side. Ruben Loftus-Cheek has been regularly rotated into the side – much to the surprise of some given that he looked surplus to requirements previously – and has done well on occasions. But in what looks set to be a physical, scrappy battle in the centre of the park, Tuchel could lean on his more defensive-minded stars. Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso have limited competition for their starting spots unless Tuchel changes formation – which is a possibility. Kante also looks like an obvious selection for the former PSG boss. Attack: Mason Mount, Kai Havertz, Timo Werner After, again, struggling to make an impact when given the opportunity, Romelu Lukaku could find himself back on the bench for Chelsea. Kai Havertz has very quickly asserted himself as Tuchel’s best striker option and in a game that could lack chances, that clinical edge will be required against West Ham. Timo Werner is also beginning to find his form for Chelsea on the left, with his deflected goal against Arsenal proving how great of a threat he can be when he is playing with confidence. Hakim Ziyech could replace Mason Mount on the right-wing, though the latter has been one of the Blues’ standout performers this season and given that he is able to drop into midfield if a tactical rejig is required mid-game, he seems more likely to start for Chelsea.