Each site will accommodate a refuelling site for light, medium and heavy commercial vehicles and produce between 20 and 40MW of green hydrogen. They will be placed in prime industrial areas spread strategically across the North and South in Greater Liverpool, Greater Manchester, London and the Thames Estuary. It is anticipated that the target sites will qualify for United Kingdom Government financial support for both the development and construction phases to deliver vital capacity. Nicholas Wrigley, Chairman of the First Hydrogen Group, said the move was beneficial for the future of hydrogen as a fuel source in the UK. He added: “It is becoming increasingly clear that customers of hydrogen light commercial vehicles will also need to ensure a reliable supply of green hydrogen for their businesses. “We have made significant progress in identifying and securing the first four sites which First Hydrogen will be using for both hydrogen production and distribution, and which we would expect will form part of the Government’s overall hydrogen strategy.” READ MORE: Electric car owner fined £100 after charging his vehicle in car park The production facilities, once built, will serve customers of First Hydrogen’s Automotive division. The company’s green hydrogen van is to begin demonstrator testing in June with final delivery for road use in September 2022. The Company’s strategy is to secure a domestic supply of fixed-price long-term green hydrogen fuel and distribution arrangements, with such customers. This will form part of its offering to fleet operators of a full hydrogen mobility service for light commercial vehicles and supply First Hydrogen’s mobile Hydrogen refuelling stations with green Hydrogen. DON'T MISSDrivers call for EV owners to pay tax [COMMENT]Rural speed limits may change as plans suggest ditching 60mph limit [SHOCKING]Drivers to be fined for parking in EV bays this month [WARNING] This comes as many praised the Government for its commitment to hydrogen in the new 2022 Energy Strategy. It stated that by 2025, the Government would unveil new business models for hydrogen transport and storage infrastructure. It said this would be “essential to grow the hydrogen economy”. Steven Lua, CEO of zero-emission solutions provider Unitrove, commented on the news, saying it was a positive step for the UK. He said: “The development of the hydrogen industry is absolutely key to the UK’s long-term energy strategy both in terms of cleaning up the energy industry and for delivering energy security that is affordable and accessible to all of society. “We need collaboration across the entire energy industry as there is no one-size-fits-all solution. “We need to embrace multiple renewable and clean energy solutions to achieve our net-zero ambitions. “The Prime Minister recently stated that hydrogen could be a fantastic solution, particularly for heavy goods vehicles, farm machinery, diggers, and ships. "What we need to see now is real investment in infrastructure to help the UK realise its ambitions to become a major player in the hydrogen field so that it can contribute to affordable, reliable, sustainable energy in the future.” Speaking previously to Express.co.uk, Steve Gill, CEO of Automotive at First Hydrogen, highlighted the existing investment in the UK’s hydrogen infrastructure. He said: “I think the Government is doing certain things. They’re looking to have five gigawatts of low carbon hydrogen by 2030. They've put £240million into the Hydrogen Fund. “We think this is a mixed growth area, particularly with infrastructure and green hydrogen. “Lots of major players, BP, Shell, Ineos, they’re all looking to develop green hydrogen which needs to be supported by the refuelling infrastructure. “One thing we’re doing with our customer base, or our future customer base, is to provide hydrogen as a service.”