William and Harry have allegedly been caught up in a brotherly feud for several years stemming from William’s concerns over Harry’s fast-developing relationship with Meghan Markle ahead of their royal wedding in 2018. The Duke of Cambridge is said to have advised his brother to “slow it down” adding that it was crucial he made the “right choice” in his future partner. In a set of bumper polls that ran from 6pm on Sunday, April 24, to 2pm on Friday, April 29, Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on whether William should resolve the rift with Harry, if Harry let his brother down by talking about their differences and if he should apologise. First Express.co.uk asked: “Should William work to resolve the rift with Harry?” This question was answered by 10,503 readers with a majority of 90 percent (9,455 people) answering “no”, William should not work to resolve the rift. Meanwhile, seven percent (740 people) said “yes” and three percent (308 people) said they did not know. Next, Express.co.uk asked: “Did Harry let William down by talking about their differences?” Harry and Meghan stepped back from royal duties in 2020 and gave a tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey in March last year which allegedly exacerbated the rift between the brothers. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made a series of claims about their time in the Royal Family in the interview and Harry said that William and Prince Charles were “trapped” within the Firm. He said: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that.” Royal author Robert Jobson said in his book ‘William at 40: The Making of a Modern Monarch’ that Harry’s comments “infuriated” his brother and that William was “staggered” by the allegation. Of the 10,458 people who responded to this question, an overwhelming majority of 96 percent (10,004 people) said “yes”, Harry let William down by talking about their differences. A further three percent (328 people) said “no” and just one percent (126 people) said they did not know. READ MORE: Prince Harry's memoir hanging over 'fragile' family like 'Sword of Damocles,' warns expert Finally, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Harry apologise for his part in the royal rift?” This question gathered 10,462 votes with a majority of 95 percent (10,038 people) opting for “yes”, Harry should apologise. Just three percent (262 people) answered “no” and two percent (162 people) said they did not know. Many people in the comments were in agreement that William should not work to resolve the rift with his brother.  One user, MaximumOverDrive commented: “William has nothing to apologise for, nor does he have to fix any rifts.” Username VPH said: “Why should William, be the one to heal the rift, he didn't start the feud.” Another, username Lew11, said: “William has far more important things to do. It isn't up to him to repair the feud.” Username AT61 said: “William has more pressing things to worry about, like saving the monarchy.” And Username Nicky5am1964 said: “No, William should not be the one to apologise. It's obvious who the root cause of any animosity between the two brothers is.” DON'T MISS:Queen makes subtle nod to Kate and Prince William's wedding anniversary [UPDATE]'Not funny' Meghan ally Scobie forced to delete tweet mocking Prince Andrew and daughters [LATEST]Prince Harry opens up on candid conversation with Archie Harrison 'I wanted to tell him' [REPORT] Others said that Harry is the one who needs to apologise for his actions. Username meto said: “Harry has got a lot of apologising to do, from the Queen down.” Username Paula_Boo wrote: “Harry should be making all the moves here.” Some thought that the feud between the brothers would not change. Username Lynette Wragge wrote: “The rift will never be healed.” And username Me555 said: “Sadly, there is no point in William trying to fix things with Harry at this time. I hope things changes (sic) one day.”