Last month saw Highway code rules updated in the UK which means drivers will be fined a hefty £200 for just touching a mobile while at the wheel, regardless of the reason. That includes changing a song or checking a notification. However, a survey by leasing site Vanarama has found that millions of drivers are likely to be flaunting the rules, with almost half not even owning a phone holder for the car. The company exclusively told Express.co.uk that nearly half a million drivers (466,700) admit to taking selfies whilst driving, and a further 1.5 million admit to touching their phone to change a song whilst driving. And although it’s already illegal to text or make phone calls from a handheld device while driving (unless it’s an emergency), more than one in seven (13.4 percent) of motorists admitted to doing this – amounting to a staggering 4.8 million drivers. Now that the new laws are in place, drivers could even be prosecuted if caught unlocking the phone or illuminating the screen. READ MORE: New car tax changes today will leave drivers in 'sticky situations' Being stationary in traffic also counts as driving, so touching a mobile phone in a queue, jam or at traffic lights is now illegal. According to the Department for Transport, these clear changes in the law will make it easier for police to prosecute drivers found with a phone at the wheel. Anyone caught using their device while driving will face a £200 fixed penalty notice and six points on their licence. However, it’s even higher for those that drive heavy goods vehicles (HGVs), as their maximum fine is up to £2,500. DON'T MISSDrivers brand EV owners 'plain stupid' for not having home charger [SHOCKING]Petrol price checker: How to check the cheapest fuel near you [INSIGHT]Drivers call on electric car owners to pay car tax - 'very simple' [COMMENT] Drivers will be extremely limited on when they can pick up their phone, mainly the only time it is permitted is to call the emergency services when there is no opportunity to safely pull over. However, there is another exemption to the law – to make a contactless payment at a drive-through, or payment toll. But this doesn’t cover the payment of other, more general types of online payment while driving, such as online shopping. The reason for this change in the law is due to the increased reliance people have on their phones and to close a loophole which allowed drivers caught to say they needed to use them for different reasons. But data shows that using a phone makes drivers slower to recognise and react to hazards, which explains the high volume of phone-related accidents on UK roads in 2020. Having a conversation via a handheld mobile phone decreases a driver’s reaction time by almost half (45.9 percent).This is followed by browsing social media (37.6 percent) and drink-driving (up to 30 percent). The Department for Transport said in a statement: “There will be an exemption to the new law for drivers making a contactless payment using their mobile phone while stationary to ensure the law keeps pace with technology. “This exemption will cover, for example, places like a drive-through restaurant or a road toll, and will only apply when payment is being made with a card reader. “It will not allow motorists to make general online payments while driving.” Anyone caught using a phone within two years of passing their test will also lose their licence completely, according to Government guidelines. And the maximum fine for the offence could be £1,000 and a driving ban if the matter goes to court.