In a poll carried out by Quinnipiac, only 33 percent approved of the US President’s performance, with 39 percent saying they approved of his handling of the Ukraine invasion. On the other end of the spectrum 48 percent disapproved of how he has dealt with Ukraine, with 52 percent believing the US should do more to help fight Russia.  President Biden’s popularity figures have dropped to their joint lowest level ever, matching those he polled in January this year. His approval rating was at 76 percent with Democrats and just three percent among Republicans, with 26 percent of independent voters approving and 56 percent disapproving. Quinnipiac polling analyst Tim Malloy told The Telegraph: “With thousands dead in Ukraine and the grim belief that the barbarity has just begun, Americans label Putin a killer who directed his troops to do the unthinkable, cut down non-combatants.” There has also been a dip in Biden’s popularity amongst the young, with his approval rating with under 25s down to 39 percent.  This marks the largest fall in support of any age group, as at the start of his presidency around 60 percent of the young supported him. This drop in support has been particularly concerning for the Democrats, as young liberal voters represent a core part of their demographic. The analytics company Gallup found that President Biden’s popularity among millennials has also dropped 19 percentage points, with 41 percent now in support of him.  READ MORE: US can’t ‘take lightly’ Putin's nuclear threat, warns CIA chief His support among black voters has fallen from 87 percent to 67 percent since he was first elected. Voters aged 75 and over have maintained their support for the 46th president at the same level of 48 percent throughout his time in office. President Biden has been criticised for his reluctance to denounce Putin in the past, however, this week he accused the Russian president of committing “genocide” in Ukraine.  DON'T MISS:Putin issues nuclear threat - vows to send weapons into Europe if Swed [LATEST]Brexit LIVE: EU hits Ukraine with 'new protocol' likened to UK deal [LIVE UPDATES]Ukraine LIVE: British troops '100% ready' for escalation [UKRAINE UPDATES] He said: “More evidence is coming out of the horrible things that the Russians have done in Ukraine. “And we’re going to only learn more and more about the devastation. “We’ll let the lawyers decide internationally whether or not it qualifies, but it sure seems that way to me.” 