Rapper LL Cool J is equally well-known for his music career as his 13-year tenure as Special Agent Sam Hanna in one of the most popular shows in the USA, NCIS: Los Angeles. The NCIS spin-off is already formulating plans for its 14th season on CBS later this year, but, in the meantime, the main cast member will also make an appearance in a spectacular new musical series. The Grammy-winning hip-hop artist is set to appear in the first season of Superfan, a new musical game show for CBS. Superfan was ordered for a full series back in February and is expected to debut later this year. LL Cool J will join the likes of Pitbull and Shania Twain as the competition series’ special musical guests. The new series will challenge a music superfan to prove they’re a particular artist’s biggest enthusiast. READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ Also making an appearance will be Kelsea Ballerini, Gloria Estefan and Little Big Town. CBS has described the new competition series as a “musical spectacle disguised as a game show”. The NCIS LA star and his fellow musicians will be picking one superfan at the end of the series as the winner of a “once-and-a-lifetime” grand prize. Entertainment Tonight’s Keltie Knight and CBS Mornings reporter Nate Burleson will be hosting the new series. Superfan will be brought to screens by Raquel Productions, the studio behind CBS’s construction competition series Tough As Nails. Stage design will be helmed by Anton Goss, who has worked on shows such as Match Game and Drop The Mic. Plus, the talent producer behind series such as America’s Got Talent and Lip Sync Battle, Suzanne Bender, will also be on board. For fans who can’t wait to see LL back on screens, it won’t be long before he returns with co-star Chris O’Donnell in their two shows on CBS. DON'T MISS:Lorraine clashes with Piers Morgan over cancel culture fury [VIDEO]Life After Life cast on sharing apartments with MAFS stars [INSIGHT]Outlander boss teases more time-travellers after Wendigo twist [SPOILERS] The NCIS stars are currently co-hosting Come Dance With Me, another CBS series. This game show challenges young professional dancers to invite a member of their family to become their dance partner. LL and Chris will also be back as agents G Callen and Sam in another episode of NCIS: LA this Sunday. Episode 17 of the 13th season will feature yet another daring missing while Callen goes off-grid in hopes of uncovering more details about his mysterious past. The official synopsis reads: “The NCIS team helps Naval intelligence officer Akhil Ali (Ashwin Gore) locate a fellow officer who went missing while recruiting foreign assets as potential sources of intelligence. “Also, Callen and psychologist Nate Getz (Peter Cambor) track down a man Callen believes was present for his training when he was young.” The NCIS spin-off has already been renewed for a 14th season, along with the flagship series and new off-shoot NCIS: Hawaii, so LL will hopefully continue Sam’s story for at least another year. NCIS Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.