Max Verstappen has been likened to Michael Schumacher as he has similar skills behind the wheel, according to former Ferrari star Eddie Irvine. He claims his ability to “keep a great pace” is similar to the iconic German star. Irvine also warns Verstappen ensures no one driving the same car can “come near him” which is a similar trait to Schumacher. Speaking to La Gazzetta dello Sport, he said: “Max reminds me of [Michael] Schumacher. “He can keep a great race pace and no one who is driving in the same car comes near him." Irvine was team-mates with the German during his early spell at Ferrari. However, the Irishman was unable to capture the same magic as Schumacher as he failed to manage a win between 1996 and 1998. Meanwhile, Schumacher had challenged for the title, almost beating Jacques Villeneuve in 1997. Irvine did pick up four wins in 1999 as Schumacher's championship charge faltered. READ MORE: FIA release statement after Verstappen and Leclerc attack safety car It wasn’t until a year later that the iconic German won the first of five successive drivers’ titles at Ferrari. Jenson Button has claimed Verstappen is certainly one of the best drivers in F1 now. However, he urged the Dutchman to copy some of Schumacher’s traits in a bid to challenge Hamilton’s status as the lead driver in the sport. Speaking ahead of the Australian Grand Prix, he said: “Naturally gifted? Yes, "Is he the best? I don’t know if he’s the best driver that has ever lived or the best in F1 now. When you look at Lewis, you think he is a much more complete racing driver with a lot more experience, maybe that’s why. He [Verstappen] has got to work hard. DON'T MISSVerstappen warned over Leclerc’s exceptional talent in bold comparison [INSIGHT]Helmut Marko compares Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton's deal [ANALYSIS]Helmut Marko sheds light on Max Verstappen’s ‘very complex’ issue [COMMENT] "Even if you think you’re the best, there’s still more you can do to be better. That’s where Michael Schumacher was so strong." Verstappen has had a poor start to the new season with two retirements from the first three races. It has left the reigning champion sixth in the drivers’ standings, behind Lewis Hamilton and George Russell. Ferrari have taken an early advantage with Leclerc picking up two wins and a second to go 34 points clear of the rest of the field. If Ferrari’s dominance continues, they could be on course for only their second title since Schumacher’s last in 2004.