As the world is learning to live with coronavirus, countries are gradually easing restrictions for travellers. Spain's most recent development is that holidaymakers do not have to fill out Spain's Health Control Form prior to arrival if they have an NHS Covid Pass. Children under 12-years-old also do not have to complete the form, show proof of vaccination or take diagnostic tests prior to arrival. The Spain Health Control Form is an official document created by the Spanish authorities to reduce the spread of Covid virus and ensure the safety of the locals, as well as all visitors. Its objective was to assess the health status of travellers upon arrival in Spain, ensuring their identification and traceability. This is in case they were considered to have been in close contact with a confirmed case of Covid. READ MORE: Spain holidays change for UK tourists as requirements are updated Identity document number (Passport, ID, etc.) Information about their international mode of transport (arrival date, flight number and airline) Information about their stay in Spain (city/town and Autonomous Community) Email address and phone number The certificate/ certifying document (vaccination/recovery/diagnostic test) to show at controls. They would then receive a QR code to present at the airport upon arrival. Travellers who have a digital Covid certificate can simply present this now instead of the Health Control Form. They are eligible for the certificate if they have been vaccinated against Covid, have a negative certificate of an active infection diagnostic test, or a certificate of recovery after passing the disease. Those who do not have a digital Covid certificate will still have to fill out the Health Control Form. This needs to be filled out no more than 48 hours before departure. Despite the relaxation of rules, some people are still unhappy with the remaining restrictions. Brexit4ThePeopleNow said: "Until Spain follows the UK and dumps all rules thousands will just find better alternatives." They added: "Turkey is cheaper and just as warm. There are hundreds of countries." tonto58 stated: "Can make it as easy as they want. Not going. Prefer to sit freezing in my energy less house." manboy added: "They introduced the tourist tax and I booked my holidays in a different country - talk about shooting yourselves in the foot." Conkz5 said: "The can make travel as easy as they like, they have made their beds and can lie in them," commenting on Express.co.uk. From March 15 2022, travellers to Greece were not required to fill out a Passenger Locator Form before arrival.