British mum Jessica Shand is a naturopathic nutrition specialist and the founder of @eatnourishandglow. She has told Express.co.uk that bone broth is her secret recipe for youthful skin. Jessica specialises in women's health after her own journey with PCOS, which has a negative impact on her skin, energy levels and general health. She is now dedicated to raising awareness and helping women improve their health through nutrition. The mum-of-one shared how her recipe for chicken bone broth is "one of the most nourishing and vitamin-rich meals you can feed your skin to encourage collagen production and therefore promote a youthful glow as you age." Bone broth is made by simmering meaty joints and bones for a long time to release the proteins. Jessica told Express.co.uk: "Chicken broth contains a real powerhouse of nutrients and natural medicinal qualities including calcium, magnesium, protein, fatty acids, amino acids, and collagen while also offering anti-inflammatory goodness for your whole body. "A great food to support your immune system and help heal the gut and an incredible skin feeding food thanks to it being a great source of ingestible collagen. READ MORE: Lesley Joseph health: Star says 'secret of ageing' is both 'mental and physical' exercise "It helps to maintain the elasticity of the skin keeping it looking youthful and firm. "I’ve got such vivid memories of my My Nan making this for me when I was little. "I doubt I realised the incredible skin benefits I was nourishing myself with!" So why exactly is bone broth so good for your skin? Why does it work? DON'T MISSBeauty presenter gives top tips for looking instantly 'youthful' [EXPERT] 63-year-old woman shares youthful transformation [REAL LIFE] Aldi shoppers ‘amazed’ by £3.50 age-defying face cream [BEAUTY] There are a number of reported benefits of bone broth. Anti-ageing Bone broth is high in collagen-boosting plasma. Collagen has been shown in trials to improve the appearance of wrinkles in the skin by promoting hydration and elasticity. Good for gut health The gelatine in the bone broth helps with movement through the gut and can reduce inflammation, studies have suggested. Helps sleep The glycine in bone broth can help with sleep by regulating the internal body clock and lowering the body temperature during sleep. 1. Save the bones from your roast chicken 2. Add to a large pot with water 3. Add salt to season, and add lemon wedges, rosemary or chili to taste 4. Add one or two tablespoons of apple cider vinegar 5. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and simmer for up 10 hours 6. Make sure to watch the pot and add more water if the broth is reducing too much 7. When cooked, strain the mixture and there you have your bone broth Another beauty expert told Express.co.uk her anti-ageing tips. She suggests dermaplaning, using a small vibrating razor on the face. "We all have little tiny hairs on our face, often referred to as peach fuzz," she said. "And what happens is, if we don't remove the hairs and also the dead skin cells with a treatment like dermaplaning, when you put your skin creams on they don't absorb into your skin, but sit on top of the peach fuzz."