The PS5 could become available to buy in the UK at GAME, Very, AO.com and PlayStation Direct this week. Reliable PS5 stock tracker account @PS5StockAlertUK has given their PlayStation 5 restock predictions for the week ahead. And PS5 stock could become available to buy as early as Tuesday April 5, with GAME set to be the biggest restock of the week. For a long time now GAME along with Argos have been the two best places to purchase a PS5 in the UK with restocks that tend to last longer than their counterparts. The @PS5StockAlertUK Twitter in a post online said that GAME could open orders for the PS5 between Tuesday April 5 and Friday April 8. A restock time of between 9am and 11.30am is expected. Very is also expected to take orders for the PS5 on Tuesday April 5 with a restock time of between 8am and 10.30am expected. Meanwhile AO.com could also open orders for the PS5 on either Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday between 8am and 11am. The PlayStation Direct service could open orders for the PS5 any day this week. If you've already pre-registered to order your PS5 directly from Sony make sure you keep an eye on your inbox in case you get an email saying you're in with a chance of purchasing from PlayStation Direct with the next stock drop.  Arguably the most high-profile restock of the week will be GAME if the high street retailer does open orders again in the coming days. On the GAME website the retailer says its next batch of PS5 console pre-orders have a release date of April 14 which does indicate a restock becoming available to buy this week. If you've never tried your luck with a GAME PS5 stock drop then there's a few things you need to know. Firstly, those that have managed to secure an order before have had more luck placing an order via Guest checkout than logging into their GAME account. By doing this it helps save precious time which is crucial given how quickly stock drops have been known to sell out in the past. Also, standalone PS5 Disc and Digital consoles tend to sell out the quickest so you'll have more luck trying to purchase a bundle which should be in stock for longer. And finally if you're able to it's best to try and tackle a PS5 restock on multiple fronts. So this means trying to login to the GAME website and place an order via multiple devices, such as your phone, laptop and tablet. 