Russia's poor military performance during the war in Ukraine has seen Vladimir Putin's army shamed and branded a "house of cards" by defence and security analyst Jacinta Carroll. She went on to argue that Russia has "lost any moral standing" as a result of the Kremlin's bloody war. Ms Carroll told Sky News Australia: "The Putin administration's goal of trying to show a stronger Russia and of course, steal the great resources, the richness that is in eastern Ukraine has failed extraordinarily. "So that whatever happens, its country will come out far less powerful. "We've already seen that its military was really a house of cards. Not that capable. "The sanctions are starting to bite it will be economically worse off." She added: "And of course, the worst thing it's lost any moral standing, anybody standing up for states for my behaviour, so humanitarian behaviour It comes as Russia said on Thursday the flagship of its Black Sea fleet was seriously damaged and its crew evacuated following an explosion that a Ukrainian official said was the result of a missile strike. Russia's defence ministry said a fire on the Moskva missile cruiser caused ammunition to blow up, Interfax news agency reported. It did not say what caused the fire but Maksym Marchenko, the Ukrainian governor of the region around the Black Sea port of Odesa, said the Moskva had been hit by two Ukrainian-made Neptune anti-ship cruise missiles. "Neptune missiles guarding the Black Sea caused very serious damage," he said in an online post. The Moskva is the second major ship known to have suffered serious damage since the start of the war. Last month Ukraine said it had destroyed a landing support ship, the Orsk, on the smaller Sea of Azov. Russia's navy has launched cruise missiles into Ukraine and its activities in the Black Sea are crucial to supporting land operations in the south of the country, where it is battling to seize full control of the port of Mariupol. DON'T MISS:Brits who take in Ukrainian refugees could get £1,000 off council tax [LATEST]Brexit ‘has enabled Britain to take the lead on Covid jabs and Ukraine [BREXIT]Kremlin mocked over belief UK is its ‘enduring enemy’ [SPOTLIGHT] The General Headquarters of the Armed Forces of Ukraine said Russian forces were maintaining attacks on civilian infrastructure in the Kharkiv region in the northeast and the Zaporizhzhia region in central Ukraine. At least seven people were killed and 22 wounded in Kharkiv over the past 24 hours, Governor Oleh Synegubov said. A two-year-old boy was among those killed in the 53 artillery or rocket strikes Russian forces had carried out in the region, he said in an online post. Russia denies targeting civilians. Putin on Tuesday used his first public comments on the conflict in more than a week to express confidence his goals would be achieved.