In total, 23,400 older homeowners cashed in £1.53bn from their properties in the first three months of the year, marking an all-time high, according to the Equity Release Council. Typically, these tens of thousands over-55s have turned their homes into cash machines to the tune of £131,781 as they battle soaring energy costs and food and fuel price rises. This represents a 21 percent leap in numbers compared to the same timeframe last year. And many are now using the loans to fund everyday costs, said David Burrowes, of the Equity Release Council. “After two years where customer numbers have been subdued by the pandemic, realising gains from rising house prices can make a major difference to people's quality of life,” Mr Burrowes added “Not only are more people considering equity release, but they are doing so for many different reasons and helping old and young alike to fund everyday costs and major life events.” The average new loan size has grown by six per cent since last year as older property owners took the decision to cash in on rising house prices. An additional £190m was released this year compared to the last three months of 2021. The number of users who asked for further advances on existing lifetime mortgages has hit an all-time high, with 1,771 deciding to unlock even more of their properties’ wealth in three months. Adam French of Which?, the consumer group, warned millions of people have had to adjust their finances as they face significant price rises. “With the economic situation only expected to worsen in 2022, the Government and businesses must urgently take action to support those who could quickly find themselves in serious financial trouble if things deteriorate further,” he said. Using equity release plans can be very expensive in the long run.  Borrowers risk losing the entire value of their home to their lender because of the way interest is rolled over and added to the original debt. The loans are not repaid until the borrower dies or moves into long-term care. However, equity release can be a much-needed lifeline for those who need a large cash lump sum. Common uses include helping offspring onto the housing ladder, drawing money for home improvements or paying off debts. Latest data from the Department for Work & Pensions puts the average single pensioner’s net income at £16,588 while the average pensioner couple’s median income was £32,708. Record low-interest rates and a growing choice of mortgages are tempting pensioners – who maybe asset-rich but cash-poor – to use the value of their homes to make their retirements more comfortable. Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts, said: "Consumers may wish to use the wealth locked up in their home as a way of funding retirement, or even to ease the rising cost of living this year." “The equity release market boomed in 2021, during a time of record-low rates in the sector and rising house prices." “However, interest rates charged on lifetime mortgages are rising this year, and this means unlocking equity out of a home may now be at a higher cost than if someone locked into a deal last year." “Equity release can be a suitable option for consumers looking to pass on earlier inheritance to their children, perhaps to help them get onto the property ladder in the midst of rising house prices, concerns over the rising living costs, and higher mortgage interest rates." “Plugging the pension gap may also be an option for those approaching retirement." Separate new figures revealed an estimated 2.1m households of all ages have missed or defaulted on at least one mortgage, rent, loan, credit card or bill payment in the last month. Rent and household bills were the most common types of missed payments. ----------------------------- Case study: Equity release pensioners Kevin Bell and his wife Pearl, both 74, took £75,000 on a drawdown plan out of their property wealth through equity release company Key, They initially released £29,000 leaving the rest to use as and when they need it. The couple, who live in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire wanted to maintain their current standard of living when Mr Bell retired from his role as a sales manager. “The idea of us taking money out of the house to live a better retirement really made sense,” he said. “We’ve lived in this house for over 30 years – it was and still is the family home, so selling it was never really an option."  “Taking out equity release has meant we’ve been able to continue the same standard of lifestyle without the financial pressure." “In light of the current cost of living crisis, I’m more relieved than ever that we did so." “Our energy costs are likely to be our biggest bills." “We involved both our children before making the decision to go ahead with equity release because it’s important – it’s their inheritance." “They said they would be thankful for whatever they inherited anyway and were of the opinion we should use the money to travel and do the things we want to in retirement, which thanks to equity release we have been able to do.”  To find out more about equity release or to request your free guide, call Express Money Equity Release Service on 0800 051 4531 or visit  express.co.uk/agepartnership 