The caller, who rang into LBC radio, spoke of their frustration over the "horrendous" media treatment of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. The Sussexes are currently in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. LBC have since shared a video of the radio interaction on their Twitter account. The tweet was captioned, "This caller broke down in tears over the media treatment of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle". In the clip, the caller spoke to LBC's host Matthew Wright. Mr Wright said: "Who is driving the media circus around them [Harry and Meghan]?" "Step forward the Mail Online and the Mail on Sunday". The caller agrees and said: "Angela [Levin] has been saying so many, that Harry wants security and he might be in danger" "I'd like to draw the attention to an article that was in the Mirror in March last year" The caller read out the headline from the article mentioned. The headline read: "Prince Harry among most 'at risk royals' as Army service makes him top terror target" READ MORE: Have Your Say: Should Harry and Meghan come back to the UK for Queen's Jubilee? The caller states: "The journalist have interviewed, a couple of years back, somebody from the Taliban, who said ever since he joined the army, they have been trying to get him" The caller said they had also interviewed a former SAS soldier. Quoting the soldier in the article, the caller said: "Harry is clearly a target for kidnapping, terrorism and a whole range of threats." The caller then broke down in tears. She said that "this gets me very upset". The caller spoke on how Prince Harry "risked this country for ten years" and they [the media] can't give them five days peace". She concluded by calling the treatment "horrendous". READ MORE: Sorry Reverend! Sweet moment Princess Charlotte loses interest at Easter service Last month, the Duke made a decision to not attend his late grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service. The reason noted as to why Prince Harry chose not to attend was over his security concerns for his family. Prince Harry is in a dispute with the British Government over security concerns and has previous stated his fears numerous times. Harry has previously said it would be unsafe for him and his family to return to the UK, without police protection officers. Prince Harry and Meghan are currently in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. The visit is the couple's first overseas trip since they made a decision to step down as working royals. The pair currently reside in the US with their two children.