We don't doubt that mistakes have been made and we are only too aware that politics is a rough and unforgiving old game. But let's not rush to join the mob in calling for the Chancellor's head. He has done nothing illegal. And let's not forget that only a few months ago he was being praised for the various support schemes he introduced during lockdown.  "Rishi Sunak has been a remarkable force for good in this country over the last two years," says Home Office minister Kit Malthouse.And we tend to agree. True, some of his pronouncements about the state of the economy and how to balance the books have not gone down well. But the brutal truth is that there is no easy way out of this crisis - and Sunak should be given the time to prove that his experience as a successful financier can come to the rescue of the country. To drop the pilot now could land us all in even greater peril.  She might not be able to move around the country in the way she would like, yet that hasn't stopped the Queen working tirelessly to support her subjects at a time of life when she could be forgiven for taking things easy. But "retirement" is not an option for Her Majesty, who will turn 96 later this month. Indeed, she has undertaken more engagements in the first quarter of this year than she did in the previous two years.   Last week, she spoke by video to medical staff and workers at the Royal London Hospital in East London and shared her own experience of Covid, saying how it left her "exhausted" and describing it as "horrible". She also listened.What she heard from one patient - who had lost his brother and father to the disease - was desperately sad and a reminder, if needed, that this wretched pandemic is far from over. The Queen was also impressed with the "Dunkirk spirit" of the past two years, calling it "marvellous". It is marvellous - and long may it continue. Foreign travel is not for the fainthearted right now. Holidaymakers determined to jet off over Easter face the threat of flight cancellations and long queues at airports, whereas those who plan to remain in the UK can expect temperatures around 20C - hotter than the Costa Brava. Silver linings have been hard to find during the pandemic. But that is one. So let's revel in it as the long-awaited Bank Holiday approaches. 