Host Trevor Noah introduced President Volodymyr Zelensky who appeared via video link who spoke about the healing impact of music. Noah shared: “Even in the darkest times, music has the power to lift spirits and give you hope for a brighter tomorrow. “There’s nobody who could use a little hope right now more than the people of Ukraine.” Which is when the Ukrainian leader appeared and asked: “The war, what’s more opposite to music?” READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... He then went on to share about how war can silence music and how music can end war. Zelensky stated: “Our musicians wear body armour instead of tuxedos, they sing to the wounded in hospitals.” "Even to those who can’t hear them, but the music will break through anyway." "We defend out freedom. To live. To love. To sound.    “On our land, we are fighting Russia which brings horrible silence with its bombs, the dead silence." Zelensky then urged: “Fill the silence with your music. “Fill it today, to tell our story. Support us in any way you can any, but not silence and then peace will come." After naming the Ukrainian cities, Zelensky concluded: “I have dream of them living, and free, free like you on the Grammy stage." DON'T MISS...Vera's Kenny Doughty admits he’s ‘never been on a job like’ ITV drama [INSIGHT]Doja Cat puts on a provocative display in sheer skirt at GRAMMYs [INSIGHT]Whitney Houston death: How did Whitney Houston die? [INSIGHT]   When the pre-recorded video came to an end, musician John Legend took to the stage for a performance of ‘Free’. The song was performed as a special tribute dedicated to the victims of Ukraine who have become victims of an ongoing humanitarian crisis as a result of a Russian invasion. As Legend performed images of the war-sticken country were displayed in the background. As well as the rendition, there was also a segment from poet, playwright, screenwriter and Ukrainian native Lyuba Yakimchuk.     Yakimchuk shared: “parents whose house is in the line of fire and who won’t abandon it like a tomb. In a form of The Lord’s Prayer, Yakimchuk added: “give to the hungry, and forgive us our destroyed cities even though we do not forgive for them our enemies.” She continued: “Shoot and protect my husband, my parents, my child and my motherland.”   