Goals have generally not been hard to come by for Tottenham this season, but the 1-0 loss against Brighton on Saturday highlighted a potential weakness in Antonio Conte’s squad. With the Seagulls putting up a firm, organised and spirited defence in north London, there was a distinct lack of ingenuity in the final third.    Spurs had been hugely impressive in previous weeks, beating the Seagulls, West Ham, Newcastle and Aston Villa by an aggregate score of 14-2. The front three of Harry Kane, Son Heung-min and Dejan Kulusevski had clicked into gear to form a deadly trio in the final third. But their recent form deserted them against Brighton, who managed to prevent Antonio Conte’s side from having a single shot on target. While the immediate concern for the Italian is securing fourth place in the Premier League, he will also be thinking about the summer transfer window. The future of Kane will be one concern, a year on from his very public attempt to join Manchester City. But another will be external recruitment, with another striker a clear priority for the north London side.  JUST IN: Arsenal boss Arteta makes 'world-class' transfer demand to board Director of football Fabio Paratici, who brought in Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur in January, will be tasked with identifying a new striker to either partner Kane or provide back-up to him. This has proven to be a difficult task in Spurs’ recent history, with several players failing that brief. Carlos Vinicius, who was on loan from Benfica last season, is the most recent in a long line of players to attempt the role unsuccessfully. Could the next Kane understudy already be on the books at Tottenham? Troy Parrott has been around the first-team squad for a long time at Spurs, having made his senior debut back in December 2019, yet he has only made four senior appearances for the club since. Instead, he has been away on loan, developing his game with Millwall, Ipswich Town and MK Dons. It is with the latter that the 20-year-old striker has begun to put together an eye-catching run of form. On Saturday, Parrott scored a nicely-taken dink against Sheffield Wednesday in a match that was live on Sky Sports.  DON'T MISS Spurs chief Levy urged to change as Jenas makes bold Conte prediction 5 things we learned as Spurs suffer top-four blow in Brighton defeat Tottenham 'to commit' £66.2m on double swoop as Conte wants five deals That goal will have been watched by plenty of eyeballs – and Spurs are sure to have taken note, given it was the third MK Dons game in a row that the Republic of Ireland international had netted. Altogether he has eight goals and five assists in 38 League One appearances this season. Those are not mind-blowing numbers, but they are promising ones which should prompt the Tottenham hierarchy to consider Parrott’s case for next season. The striker will enter the final year of his contract with Spurs in the summer, so it is perhaps now or never for him. Dane Scarlett is another promising young forward on the books at Spurs, but at 18 he is a lot less experienced than Parrott, who can offer Spurs something without having to pay a transfer fee. Regardless of whether they secure Champions League football, Spurs will be busy in the summer transfer window. Conte will demand money is spent if they are to move forward and challenge regularly for trophies, like he would expect. But Parrott’s recent form suggests they could have another, cheaper alternative under their nose. 