 According to FairFuelUK, the availability of petrol and diesel has improved considerably, although some pockets of the UK are still feeling the effects of the protests. London, Hampshire, East Anglia, Essex and Kent are the most affected along with the rest of the south and south east where up to three out of 10 pumps have no fuel.  Despite this, the north of the UK remains relatively unscathed. Howard Cox, Founder of FairFuel Campaign, said the Government needed to do more if they wanted drivers to be protected from the impact of the protests. He said: "We predict sporadic fuel supply in the Home Counties and the South, for the next few weeks, unless the police get tougher with the protesters. “Injunctions and criminal charges must be served as a matter of urgency. READ MORE: MINI Electric review  “That is one thing Labour is in tune with voters' requests to stop these protests. “The ‘Stop Oil’ protesters are simply wrecking drivers’ and small businesses' daily lives and livelihoods, for a principle they cannot prove will make any difference to the environment. “ In its latest statement, Just Stop Oil said its actions would “impact fuel availability” at petrol pumps across England ahead of the Easter weekend. Yesterday, protesters from the environmental action group disrupted oil supplies from three key oil terminals in Essex and Warwickshire. DON'T MISSHolidaymakers’ cars left in muddy fields [SHOCKING]Drivers vent their anger at EV owners who don’t have chargers [COMMENT]New EU speed limiters which may be mandatory in all cars slammed [WARNING]  The aim of the group is to demand that the Government ends new oil and gas projects in the UK and state that they will continue blocking oil terminals until the Government makes a change. Mr Cox added: “They have become a brainwashed gullible cult full of emotion and little scientific fact. “Every single driver wants clean air and lower emissions but many are often accused of being climate change deniers because they drive a petrol or diesel vehicle. “They do not need to be inconvenienced by those selfish, well-heeled seeking puerile attention for a laudable cause that should be presented professionally and honestly.  “These protesters are simply alienating the very people they need onside. ”FairFuelUK repeats its request for all sides to come together to see cleaner fuels developed without cliff edge targets or colossal and unmeasured net zero costs to every one of us.” Despite more than two weeks of protests, which have included “tanker surfing” and tying themselves to goalposts at football matches, petrol and diesel prices have remained largely unchanged. According to RAC Fuel Watch data, the average price of petrol stands at 162.19p per litre, while diesel drivers face costs of 176.18p a litre.  The RAC predicts that these costs “should fall”, alongside the prices of super unleaded petrol which remains cheaper than diesel. Other protest groups, including Extinction Rebellion (XR), have also been active in their support. A number of XR protesters took over Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge and London Bridge on Friday to protest the Government’s response to climate change. Activists were seen holding banners reading “end fossil fuels now” while queues of traffic waited for them to be removed.