Ford called on other Britons to follow his example to help bring the British oil industry to a standstill and put pressure on the Government to ease off the use of fossil fuels. The climate activist appears to be part of the ongoing Just Stop Oil protests that have caused severe disruption as demonstrators targeted oil terminals in Essex for the past two days. Ford was seen with a D-lock around his neck and locked to an oil tanker as he launched his appeal to people worried about growing energy costs to join the protest. The video was met with heavy criticism online, with Twitter users raging at the protesters for the chaos they have been causing in recent days. User @dearaunty wrote: "They're all unhinged. "Ask them a basic question:80million population, where is all the power going to come from for the homes, 40 million electric cars, industry, hospitals, schools, businesses, deliveries, all by 2030?" User @99Cotters added: "I wonder how those locks are made? You know … the materials required.. the process of making them and the fossil fuels required to make them. READ MORE: More than 80 arrested after protesters dig tunnels to oil terminals blocking 100 tankers "Telling us to go to Halfords to buy one yet paying no attention to everything else Halfords sells…." And @JamesJimJimboJT said: "The future is NOT fossil fuels but in the present, I've got to be able to drive my car. "These people are really accomplished at putting people OFF their message, quite extraordinary actually." In his video appeal, Ford said: "Are you sat at home, scrolling through Facebook thinking, 'what are these nutcases doing?' READ MORE: PM hails 'brilliant' new Express project to help Ukrainian refugees settle in UK  "Are you terrified of the climate crisis? Worried you can't pay your energy bills? "Are you fed up with the Government partying and lying and the rest of it? "For just £30 you can buy a padlock from Halfords – other suppliers do exist – and you can chain yourself to a fuel tanker." He added: "What's that going to achieve? Well, enough of us could move beyond the fear and not be afraid of what they can do to us and we can get them to stop funding the fossil fuel industry – £35 million a day foes in subsidies to them." DON'T MISS: Pint of draught cider soars to over £4 on average [COMMENT] POLL: Should UK subsidise energy bills of low income families? [INSIGHT]Pension savers may be at risk of 55 percent tax charge [ANALYSIS] Essex Police said officers arrested a total of 83 people after protests in the Thurrock district. Assistant Chief Constable Rachel Nolan said: "Our officers are continuing to work in exceptionally challenging circumstances with a view to bringing these protests to a safe and swift conclusion. "I would like to thank businesses, local drivers, and workers for their continued patience whilst we carry out our work." The Just Stop Oil activists said Saturday morning's tunnel activity at Grays and Navigator meant the main and emergency access roads to the oil terminals were closed.