Both discoveries came within 24 hours and, as things developed, showed me what is wrong with Britain. Let’s look at energy policy first. The Government’s new strategy is, frankly, pie in the sky. A cost of living crisis, fuelled partly by surging gas and oil prices following Vladimir Putin’s invasion of the Ukraine, has made it look more favourably on further North Sea exploration and drilling. But there was no go ahead for fracking and no clearance for a new coal mine in Cumbria to produce coking coal for the steel industry that would otherwise have to be imported. And the absurdity of us subsidizing the burning of imported biomass (wood pellets) at Drax in Yorkshire will continue, in spite of the aim of securing a net zero carbon economy by 2050. We are also in for a vast expansion of unreliable offshore wind power and the carpeting an area the size of Exmoor with equally unreliable solar panels. On this basis we can safely say that the Government’s strategy will perpetuate energy supply insecurity and inevitably reduce domestic food production. In other words, they are adding insecurity of food supply to that of energy supplies in a dangerously insecure world. Ah, but you may say, we are going to build eight new carbon-free baseload nuclear power stations by 2030 and perhaps assemble even more in the form of small modular reactors, mostly crafted in factories. If you believe that, you will believe anything. It is true that the type of big reactor being built at Hinkley Point is in operation in China after long delays. But that under construction at Olkiluoto in Finland is 12 years late coming on stream and another at Flamanville in France is 12 years behind schedule At best Hinkley Point will not be generating power before 2026 - and that seems optimistic since EDF, the French builders, are worrying about further delays caused by Covid. As for small, modular reactors, Rolls-Royce is on the case but the "greens" can be relied upon to object to planning approval, though they do not seem to mind proposals to ease the planning process for wind and solar power. And they call themselves environmentalists! I hope I have left you as disturbed as I was when, after two years successfully shielding myself from covid, I tested positive. After all, I have chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder - a legacy of a life-time’s asthma - and am endangered by any lung infection at my age, 89. My son got to work on the NHS since I am technologically inept. He got no interest from my GP practice who even doubted the value of a lateral flow test. It is only fair to say that I prolonged the process of getting the NHS to speak to me because for a few hours I did not realise in my dotage that I had forgotten to clear my ‘phone.   But in the evening I received two calls from bright girls asking mainly the same questions about my symptoms, medical history and medicines. I understood this was a preliminary to prescribing an anti-viral drug. The following day I got a PCR test kit though the post. My carer promptly tested me and returned it. After another 24 hours it showed I was still positive. But still no anti-viral drugs. I am still waiting, though thankfully it seems I have contracted only a mild dose. All this tells me Britain’s system of governance is out of touch with reality. Our Covid-ravaged economy remains dangerously exposed in the scramble for energy and the machinery for fighting Covid is of absolutely no use to the vulnerable elderly who are not technologically savvy. And, if GPs show no interest in their patients, it is positively dangerous. I have not seen my doctor (or doctors) throughout the pandemic but they did manage to get me treble-jabbed, if a little tardily, and to send a nurse to monitor my blood every quarter. You would not think that my wife worked in their baby clinic for years or that I opened their new surgery with a plaque on the wall to prove it. The practice certainly cannot be accused of favouritism. But what we need if we are to have a healthy nation is a return to face-to-face consultations. And don’t forget energy security. Without that there will never be a greener world because we could not afford it. 