Ms Golodryga said: "Conflicting views on the war in Ukraine are tearing some Russian families apart. "My next guest says his mother called him a traitor and disowned him after he said he was against Russia's invasion. "After posting his views online Russian model and actor Jean-Michel Shcherbak says his mother blocked him. "When he decided to leave the country he sent her money, while in return she sent him this message.  JUST IN: Energy crisis: Sunak tipped to scrap £153 green levy: 'Millstone around necks!' "Don't send anything, I will just send it back, I don't communicate with Russiaphobes and traitors to the motherland. "I sincerely wish that you would give up your Russian passport, and leave this country in any direction. "You are no longer my son, there will be no longer any traitors in my family. "Joining me now is Jean-Michel Shcherbak, he is in Germany after leaving Russia, Jean-Michel thank you for joining us, I have been following you and your posts for a long time before this war, I'm sorry things have taken such a dark turn, and I'm sorry about what's happened with your mother.  READ MORE: Five men arrested after 'rival gang' shooting in broad daylight "What made you publically post these messages?" Mr Shcherbak told CNN: "Well thank you for inviting me, I learned about the things happening in Russia from my friends because I have lots of friends living in Ukraine. "And I woke up on the 24th of February, I turned on my phone and I got messages from a few of my friends from Ukraine and they said that Russia is bombing Ukraine right now. "I have been to Ukraine a few times the last time I was there was in Autumn this year, well I still can't believe that it's happening and..." DON’T MISS: Prince Harry set for major US interview TOMORROW with Royal Family braced for bombshells Many Russians support the invasion of neighbouring Ukraine due to Russian propaganda from news outlets and the Kremlin. Because any Russians support Putin and his war crimes, international companies have banned the sale of their products in Russia. Along with Western-imposed sanctions on oil and gas, one of the latest companies to cause a reaction from those who support the invasion was designer Chanel. A statement released by Chanel said: "We have rolled out a process to ask clients for whom we do not know their main residency to confirm that the items they are purchasing will not be used in Russia." Viral videos of Russian women cutting up their Chanel handbags circulated, as they vowed to support the 'motherland' of Russia.