The Princess Royal has been accompanied by her husband Sir Timothy Laurence on her latest Royal Tour in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. She leaves Papua New Guinea today, after visiting the Bomana War Cemetery yesterday to pay respects to soldiers who fought in World War 2. Anne proceeded to the Cross of Sacrifice, where she laid a wreath on behalf of the Queen. The princess later visited Papua New Guinea’s only theme park-style attraction – the Adventure Park – and planted a tree as part of the Queen’s Garden Canopy. Sometimes referred to as Anne’s “invisible man”, her husband Timothy does not carry out royal engagements on his own, dissimilar to other royal spouses such as Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. He does, however, support his wife at engagements and has been the princess’ rock over the past three decades. Anne and Timothy married in 1992, eight months after her divorce from her first husband, Captain Mark Phillips. Anne and Mark had endured a struggling marriage and both had engaged in extramarital affairs. It was Anne’s affair with her future husband Timothy that eventually led to their official separation in 1989, a romance that was branded a “dangerous liaison” by 2002 Channel 4 documentary ‘The Real Princess Anne’. Earlier that year, The Sun claimed it had anonymously received love letters written to the princess. The letters could not be published as they had been stolen from the Palace, and the paper gave no hint as to the content or the sender. However, public curiosity into Anne’s mysterious pen pal was soon satisfied by none other than Buckingham Palace itself. In a rare statement, the Palace said: “The stolen letters were addressed to the Princess Royal by Commander Timothy Laurence, the Queen’s Equerry. “We have nothing to say about the contents of personal letters sent to Her Royal Highness by a friend which were stolen and which are the subject of a police investigation.” Anne met Timothy, then a commander in the Royal Navy, while he was serving on the Royal Yacht Britannia in 1986. The princess had taken a shine to Timothy as she watched him serving the Queen as her Equerry. DON'T MISS:Princess Anne delights Australian fans with work ethic during brief visit – ‘A huge asset’ [INSIGHT]Princess Anne touches down in luxury private jet on royal tour to Papua New Guinea [JUST IN]'Wow, she wanted to meet us' Princess Anne's kindness praised by firefighter widow on tour [ANALYSIS] She regularly visited him at his home in Winchester, unbeknownst to the press. Ashley Walton, a royal reporter at the Daily Express at the time, told the Channel 4 documentary: “The neighbours knew; that’s the extraordinary thing. Most of the people who lived on the road knew that Anne was coming there regularly for weekends. “No one had ever told anyone. It’s extraordinary.” During Scotland Yard’s investigation into the stolen letters, both Anne and Timothy were interviewed. Roy Ramm, former Detective Chief Superintendent said: “They were good witnesses for me. They were up front about it. They were not ashamed of their relationship. “They were clearly disturbed by the fact that it had been revealed in the way it had, but they were completely open and Commander Laurence’s only concern was trying to protect the princess.” After a four month investigation, the case was closed having not found the culprit. While the content of the letters was never revealed, one source told People at the time that they were romantic and proved Timothy was “potty about her”. The letters had also revealed the true state of Anne’s marriage with Mark; the couple soon separated which was later followed by their divorce. While the public were focused on the tumultuous marriage of Prince Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales, Anne was able to engage in her affair with minimal attention. The Princess Royal publicised her relationship in her own way, and used royal photographer, Jayne Fyncher, to do so. Ms Fyncher was photographing Anne greeting guests at the 1992 Caledonian Ball when she spotted Timothy “10 feet behind” the princess. She told the documentary: “My heart stopped and I thought: ‘Oh my god, he’s actually here with her.’ “The band struck up, the first dance started and she [Anne] instantly got up with him and started twirling round the dance floor. “But then excitement turned to worry because I thought: ‘If I take a picture of them together, she’s going to go absolutely mad.” Ms Fyncher proceeded to take photos of Anne and Timothy dancing and was surprised that the princess had no objection. She said: “I just kept taking pictures and I didn’t get chucked out. Nobody told me to go away and I was almost encouraged. It was the first time I’d seen her look truly happy in years and years and years.” In December 1992, the couple married in a small, private service at Crathie Kirk near Balmoral.  Only 30 guests were in attendance, including her parents the Queen and Prince Philip, her children Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall , as well as Charles and Prince Andrew. At the time, the Church of England did not allow divorcees to remarry in its churches while their former spouse was still alive. The princess became the first royal to remarry since Victoria, Grand Duchess of Hesse and by Rhine, granddaughter of Queen Victoria, married Grand Duke Cyril Vladimirovich of Russia in 1905. In an ITV documentary released last year entitled ‘Anne: The Princess Royal at 70’, Timothy joked about Anne’s first marriage to Mark.  He said: “It's quite amusing that she married first an army officer and then a naval officer. So there must be something about the military that attracts her.” Timothy also spoke candidly about joining the Firm, saying: “One of the great surprises for me, when I first went to Balmoral and to Sandringham and Windsor was that these places are full of laughter.” Anne and Timothy spend most of their time at their country residence of Gatcombe Park in Gloucestershire. They have continued to remain relatively out of the limelight, despite the princess being the busiest working royal. During the current tour of Papua New Guinea, Anne is set to open a Women's Resource Centre at Vabukori Village and the National Cardiac Diagnostic Centre at Port Moresby General Hospital, and will meet elders and community leaders at Hanuabada Village. The couple will conclude the two-day tour with dinner with Mr Marape and representatives from the charity sector and business groups.  They are expected to return from Papua New Guinea on Wednesday.