Jeremy Clarkson has claimed that he is turning out to be a "not-so-good" farmer as he struggles to make decisions at his Diddly Squat Farm in Oxfordshire. The former Top Gear star, who has entertained fans with the Amazon Prime show Clarkson's Farm, has addressed the complexities working on the land has caused, adding it was not as straightforward as he had previously assumed. The 61-year-old joked that he had 99 problems but is struggling to fix any of them as he addressed his life working as a farmer while balancing his other responsibilities, from his TV work, to writing columns. The Grand Tour host said he doesn't have the "mental capacity to make rational decisions". The TV star added that he had no idea that farming would centre around geopolitics and assumed he would simply be "mostly chewing on bits of grass while leaning on a fence". His comments come after increasing costs and the impact of reduced supply of fertiliser exacerbated by the war in Ukraine, and being forced to seek alternatives. READ MORE: 'Who are we to condemn?' Denzel says 'devil got hold' of Will Smith Last month, prices for ammonium nitrate fertiliser increased to highs of £1,000 a tonne - a year ago, prices were £280. Addressing his farming woes, in his latest column, Jeremy shared his farming doubts. He wrote: "I get worn out if I'm wiring a plug and someone asks me for the time. I'm never able to reset my head so there's a blank piece of paper inside it. "It's always full of doodles from the last thing I was doing, and phone numbers and notes for columns I must write later in the week."   He continued: "Anyway, this inability to focus on complex problems is one of the (many) reasons why I'm turning out to be a not-so-good farmer. "Because of rising gas prices caused by all sorts of world events, fertiliser prices have shot up from about £250 a tonne to three or four times that. Many farmers are therefore thinking about using less on their crops, which will reduce the yield." The small-screen star admitted he had even bigger problems to "wrestle" after making a relatively cheap fertiliser purchase last year. Jeremy wrote: "If I sold it now, I'd make a profit of maybe £30,000. But then I'd have none to put on my crops. DON'T MISS... 'He was upset' Gemma Atkinson says she 'resented' Gorka touring[LATEST]Estelle Harris dead: Seinfeld and Toy Story star dies at 93[TRIBUTES]Andrea McLean says Denise Welch got her a gig amid Loose Women exit[EXCLUSIVE] "How much would this affect yield up here in the brashy stratosphere of north Oxfordshire? And what if the war ends tomorrow and everything returns to normal?" The presenter turned farmer claimed that he is now "rooted to the spot" and is unsure about his next move. He mused: "Fight or flight? Flee or wee? Pork pie or tongue? "I thought farming would be mostly chewing on bits of grass while leaning on a fence, not this. Not playing geopolitics." Jeremy went on to complain about the war in Ukraine which has fuelled the rising costs for farmers in the UK. He concluded in The Times: "And now comes this terrible and stupid war, which is going to cause bread, pasta and vegetable oil to become more expensive than gold, frankincense and myrrh. "And it's no good saying, 'Oh, we will just get our food from abroad,' because farmers over there are in the same boat." Meanwhile, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been accused of a lack of understanding of the serious cost of production issues facing British farmers, who have been hit with exorbitant fuel and fertiliser costs. Mr Johnson faced questions from senior MPs at the Commons liaison committee on March 30 on “Partygate” police fines, the cost of living, the Ukraine war and the impact it was having on farmers and others.