Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel admits he does not agree with Andreas Christensen's decision to leave Stamford Bridge this summer. Christensen is set to join Barcelona on a free transfer when his contract expires. Barca president Joan Laporta said late last month that the club had agreed to sign a defender and midfielder on free transfers. The BBC claims those two players are Christensen and AC Milan star Franck Kessie. Tuchel was asked about the future of his centre-back at his press conference ahead of Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final first leg against Real Madrid. Asked why the Denmark international had made the decision to leave, Tuchel insisted the club must accept it even if they do not agree with it. Tuchel said: "You can't take these things personally. If he decides to continue his career somewhere else, we will understand it even if we do not agree." READ MORE: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic  Christensen was left on the bench for Saturday's 4-1 loss at home to Brentford. But he could return to the side for the visit of Real. When asked if he had any concerns over playing Christensen for the remainder of the season, Tuchel said: "No concerns. Maybe it is a bit more challenging for him than normal in a moment where everything is clear. "But maybe he cleared his future. I don't know it yet, but for me it is very clear when I had conversations with him last summer and through winter. DON'T MISSMan City performed 'chess move' by tricking Man Utd into signing Cristiano Ronaldo [OPINION]Erik Ten Hag's first Man Utd target suggests Gary Neville's criticism was correct [COMMENT]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel warned he could be 'made to look stupid' by Timo Werner [QUOTES]  "The bottom line was that as long as he is my player, I will not expect anything less than 100 per cent commitment. This is what I demand for him. "That he was out Saturday was nothing personal, just a tactical choice. He is our player and we want to have the most of him. He needs to be focused. This is his job and it's what we expect." Speaking to Catalan radio station RAC 1 in March, Barca chief Laporta confirmed two deals had been sorted but wouldn't reveal the indentities. Laporta said: "We have two agreements with players who end their contracts.  “Defence and midfield? Yes, that’s the thing but don’t make me say the names.” Christensen first joined Chelsea from Danish side Brondby in 2012. He has made over 150 appearances for the Blues after returning from a two-year loan at Borussia Monchengladbach between 2015 and 2017. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 