Tom Hanks, 65, is known for his role in many films but his undeniably amazing performance in 2000's Castaway will never be forgotten. The Hollywood actor took to Cleveland Guardian's pitch with the iconic volleyball Wilson, his bloody-faced co-star in Castaway. Tom was announced to the home crowd at Progressive Field, and the star brought his very famous co-star to the pitch. He came out carrying his bloody-faced friend Wilson, placing him on the ground. Wilson then began rolling away from the mound, leaving the broadcasters confused at whether this was a staged comedy act. "There goes Wilson", said one broadcaster as Wilson began to roll away. READ MORE: Amber and Johnny's counsellor says she 'would strike him to keep him' "It's windy today," replied the other as Tom jogged over, grabbed the ball and returned it to the mound. Once he got to the mound, Tom held Wilson over his head, showing off the team’s logo on one side of the ball and Wilson’s signature handprint-face visage on the other. Finally, Tom went ahead and threw the pitch as the ball rolled around in front of him. He delivered the ceremonial first pitch to Larry Dobby Jr. According to one announcer, Tom's association with Cleveland was formed when he began acting. In the 1970s, the two-time Oscar winner got his start at the local Great Lakes Theater Festival. Tom was a special guest to throw the ceremonial first pitch at the team’s home opener Friday at Progressive Field against the San Francisco Giants. This year marks the team’s first season since ditching its previous Indians moniker, which had been in use since 1915. DON'T MISS... George Alagiah leaves fans tearful at BBC return amid cancer battle [HEALTH] Meghan Markle praised as 'role model' by A Place in the Sun's Danni M [COMMENT] Judi Dench on ruling out marriage with partner of 11 years David Mills [INSIGHT] Released in 2000, the film Castaway stars Tom as Chuck Noland, a FedEx executive whose plane crashes and leaves him stranded on a deserted island. After it becomes clear that he won't be rescued any time soon, he endeavors to keep himself physically and mentally alive, befriending a volleyball he nicknamed Wilson along the way. The film was nominated for two Academy Awards, for best sound and best actor in a leading role. The movie star lost out to Russell Crowe for his role in the film Gladiator. Tom was a producer on the film, as well as being the one to originate the core idea, and his commitment to the part is evident in every scene. In order to make his dramatic weight loss during the years spent on the island that much more vivid, Tom actually gained 50 pounds for the scenes set before the plane crash. He then had to lose it all again during a year-long filming break, in addition to growing out his beard and hair to accentuate his wild appearance. The original Wilson volleyball sold at auction last year for a staggering $308,000 (£230,000). The ball was described at the auction house as "heavily distressed with paint applied to create a worn, dirtied appearance".