Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham turned 48 yesterday - just days after her eldest son Brooklyn tied the knot with wife Nicola Peltz. David Beckham opted to honour the birthday girl, his wife of 23 years, by sending a cheeky, and very candid, snap of her passed out by a toilet, as a card - and she then shared it publicly on Instagram. The unconventional card didn't feature Victoria looking glamorous at a party, as fans might have expected, but pictured her splayed out beside the toilet instead. David had then emblazoned the potentially embarrassing snap with "Happy birthday" wishes. "Sleepover with the toilet! Yes this is me!" Victoria confessed when she reposted the image. She added cheerfully: "I love my birthday card @davidbeckham." READ NOW: Piers Morgan brands GMB exit a 'farce', calling Meghan 'shameful' Fortunately, this wasn't the only way he chose to mark the fashion entrepreneur's big day. He also shared a more romantic snap on Instagram of himself and his wife kissing barefoot on the beach as a bonfire lit up the scene. "Happy Birthday to the most amazing wife , mummy & Business woman," he captioned the snap lovingly. "Have the most amazing day because you deserve to x We all love you so much. @victoriabeckham." He signed off with the Instagram handles of his three sons @brooklynpeltzbeckham @romeobeckham @cruzbeckham, followed by a #HarperSeven hashtag for their ten-year-old daughter, who is too young to join the app yet. Close to two million of David's 72.4 million followers placed a like on the tribute. Meanwhile, on his Stories, he shared several more snaps celebrating the birthday girl. One showed the pair driving in a turquoise blue car, which he quipped he wished they had kept. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [UPDATE] Julia Bradbury shares insight to her biggest 'support' [INSIGHT] A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman reflects on bad weather [LATEST]  Another showed Victoria flexing her long legs beside him on the beach. Plus he also shared a snap of his other half in gym wear from behind, brazenly adding a peach emoji to the photo as he admired her derriere. The couple share three children and have been married since 1999. The youngest of these is much longed for daughter Harper, who is believed to have been named after the fashion and high society magazine Harper's Bazaar. The pair's eldest son Brooklyn enjoyed a £3 million wedding back on April 9 to billionaire heiress Nicola Peltz, whose family's worth is said to be three times more than that of the Beckhams. The bride opted not to wear a Victoria Beckham branded creation for her big day, however, instead opting for a Valentino gown. Nicola also took to her Instagram to share a photo and wish her mother-in-law a happy birthday. Over the weekend, Nicola also celebrated Passover, posting a photo of herself and Brooklyn kissing at a dinner table to mark the occasion.