The Duke and Duchess of Sussex met the Queen on Thursday after flying into the UK, a news report confirmed. The couple stopped at Windsor on their way to the Hague, in the Netherlands, for the Invictus Games.  Prince Harry was last reported to be in the UK in July, while Meghan is not thought to have been in the country for two years when the Sussexes stepped down as senior royals in January 2020. Their trip to the UK comes after Prince Harry was absent from a memorial service for his grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh, in London last month. Speaking about the visit, royal expert Marlene Koeng told Express.co.uk: “I expect this visit had been in the works in the last few weeks, with discussions between the Duke and Duchess and Queen and Charles without it leaking. “This was a much more personal visit allowing, I think, the couple to have personal time with the Queen and Charles.”  The couple are on their way to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands, which will take place from April 16 to 22. A film crew is expected to be joining the couple at the games as part of filming for a Netflix series called Heart Of Invictus. The Games are an international sporting event for “wounded, injured and sick Servicemen and women,” and have been held four times since its debut in 2014. Prince Harry launched the Invictus Games in London 2014, after seeing a British team compete at the US Warrior Games in Colorado in 2013, a competition for wounded servicemen in the US. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's 'part-time royal' dream shattered amid Netflix deal Prince Harry had said in March that he hoped to visit his 95-year-old grandmother soon. Harry and Meghan's visit comes as the Queen revealed that she was left "very tired and exhausted" following her recent bout of Covid. Meanwhile, the Queen is not expected to attend this year's Easter morning church service having already pulled out of the Maundy Service on Thursday, for the first time since 1970. DON'T MISS:Elon Musk’s latest £34 million Twitter bid leaves people shakenUS can’t ‘take lightly’ Putin's nuclear threat, warns CIA chief ‘Leading from front’ Remainer Stanley Johnson U-turns on UK's EU exit