Sue Connerty, 51, called for help as she was unable to disconnect the cord at the power point which was charging her MG electric car in a busy car park. The mum of three had a short wait for the AA to arrive but the firm were able to get her vehicle free and she eventually left the spot in Maghull, Merseyside. But one week later, Sue received the £100 penalty in the post, and was "absolutely disgusted". Her appeal has been rejected and, though the sum has been reduced to £60, Sue must still cough up. Speaking to Liverpool Echo, she said: "There was nothing I could do to move. Other than literally trying to drive away and break my car, I had to stay there. "You can stay in the car park for two hours. The AA came out and managed to release my car for me and I thought nothing of it. "I got this fine through and obviously I thought no bother I'll just let them know what has happened and I was absolutely disgusted when they came back to me and said I had to pay the fine."  Euro Car Parks, which owns the site, rejected the appeal last month. Sue then contested the fine with POPLA, an independent appeals service for parking charge notices issued on private land, who also rejected her appeal. The mother, who lives in Maghull, added: "The stress of having a disabled child in this situation and then to have this fine hanging over me which I can't afford to pay in the first place. "They have reduced the fine to £60 but I still have to pay it. I'm furious over it, I really am, I just don't understand the mentality behind it. I've given a totally valid reason for why I went over the time limit."  Euro Car Parks said, in a letter to Sue, it "carefully considered the evidence provided". It continued: "Having carefully considered the evidence provided by you we have decided to reject your appeal. "The car park is operated by Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) – cameras capture an image of vehicles entering and leaving the car park and calculate their length of stay. "Your vehicle was parked longer than 120 minutes/hours, therefore the notice was issued correctly and remains payable." A spokesperson for POPLA said: "In this case, as the vehicle was on site for 38 minutes longer than permitted, we found that the Parking Charge Notice (PCN) was issued correctly. "While the reasons for breaching the parking conditions were outside of the driver’s control, the Parking Operator isn’t obliged to cancel a PCN due to mitigating circumstances, and we have no influence over their decision." Euro Cark Parks were approached for a comment but were yet to respond at the time of publication.