This is the essential point which needs to be remembered as Conservative MPs later this week decide whether to knife Boris Johnson, the first Prime Minister to win them a large majority since 1987. The unofficial contest going on around him prominently features at least three women who in their own ways will try to pitch themselves as the heir to the Iron Lady. Top of that list and the current bookie’s favourite is the Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. Ms Truss is somebody who is very conscious about her image as are her loyal team of advisers around her. The question mark has always been whether she is a woman of substance. The photo ops around the world signing new trade deals as International Trade secretary turned her into “Brexit Superwoman'' - but there was nevertheless suspicion that she had in the referendum been an ardent Remainer. It is, though, the Ukraine War where the Foreign Secretary has really turned heads and become a serious player. After her Mansion House speech last week, I received a lot of calls and messages from people who had previously been sceptical, saying that they are now convinced. She even had a Margaret Thatcher look about her and one person who had previously laughed at the idea of her being Prime minister, told me: “This is a very serious woman. Top level. I misjudged her.” In an article Noel Gardiner, a former Thatcher aide who runs the centre named after her at the gigantic US thinktank Heritage, wrote: “The Foreign Secretary’s words were the voice of a self-confident nation that can and must lead in Europe and across the globe. Truss’s speech was both a robust roadmap for British foreign policy in the Brexit era as well as an emphatic rebuttal of the hideously false narrative peddled by Eurofederalists that Brexit represents a British retreat, a narrow isolationism, or some kind of ludicrous 'Little Englander' mentality.” But Truss is not alone. The ideological heir to Margaret Thatcher also holds one of the great offices of state - Home Secretary. Priti Patel has always been underestimated by her opponents and sometimes her allies. READ MORE: Boris warned: Public attaching 'corruption' to Tory brand They mistake firm beliefs and uncompromising directness for stupidity because it does not play into their flabby consensus style. Instead she has a sharp mind and a determination to drive change through. Patel had lost a lot of support because of the Channel migrant crisis and a seeming inability to get it resolved. But the Rwanda deal has pushed her back up the rankings again and brought her much praise from Tory MPs and party members who in the end will decide the next leader. One MP noted: “Priti has shown she can get it done even with a department (the Home Office) which opposed her all the way. Let’s also not forget she was one of the Spartans who held out against May’s surrender deal on Brexit.” The third minister in play is International Trade minister Penny Mordaunt who while out of the Cabinet now is a former Defence Secretary. DON'T MISSAnn Widdecombe blasts 'ludicrous' moves to bring down Boris [REACTION]Foster accuses Varadkar of trying to stop Brexit [INSIGHT]Fear that MPs are letting foreign spies gain access to Parliament [REVEAL] Mordaunt has replaced Truss as the glamour deal brokering figure in the Government and is now one of the favourites to be the next Tory leader. While more liberal than the other two on social issues she was a Brexiteer who campaigned for Vote Leave and can pull support from both wings of the party. Another highly articulate politician who also has a strong media presence and good connections in America as her 20 US state deals look set to prove. The outsider of the "Mrs T" hopefuls is former Cabinet minister, now Express columnist and GB News presenter, Esther McVey. Partly because of her working class Liverpudlian background, she was one of the first to alight on the new Conservative constituency in the North and Midlands. Her Blue Collar Conservative Movement has plugged into a political earthquake which saw generational Labour areas switch to the Tories. In some ways, she is the best person to hold on to those newly won areas and, like the other three, is not short of ideas, innovation, conviction and energy. The political assassination of the Iron Lady by largely pro-EU wet Tory backbenchers left the party with one of its weakest post-war leaders John Major. While being lucky in his first opponent Neil Kinnock, it all fell apart in a toxic cocktail of sleaze and incompetence by 1997 when Tony Blair swept to power with Labour. What is often forgotten is that the Tory membership in 1990 were mostly fiercely loyal to the woman who had reshaped Britain, made an indelible mark on political philosophy and won three general elections at a canter. At the time, my mother was deputy chairwoman of the Mid Norfolk Conservative association and there was a bitter taste of betrayal over what the MPs had done. Since then the Tories have gone through seven leaders and none of them have matched up to the political Titan that was Margaret Thatcher. Major had the working class made good background, William Hague the razor like intelligence, Iain Duncan Smith the political convictions, Michael Howard the combativeness, Cameron the pragmatic political instincts, Theresa May the decency, and Boris Johnson the charisma. All had an element of Britain’s most extraordinary leader post-war but none the whole package. If one of these women will take on her mantle then they will have to do and be much more than their immediate predecessors.