The move is a show of force against Russian President Vladimir Putin after the Kremlin threatened Britain over its support of Ukraine. Audacious docked alongside the USS Georgia, an American nuclear sub that anchored at the port last week. The timing of the two ships' arrivals highlights Gibraltar's growing role as a naval logistics base and is viewed as a potential sign of unity by Western nations as NATO allies ramp up their opposition to Moscow's invasion. The ships' movements reinforce the messages conveyed by the UK Government in its latest remarks on the conflict in Ukraine. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace on Thursday, April 28, said Britain's priority is to "continue to support Ukraine's sovereign integrity and their ability to defend themselves". He also backed comments made by Foreign Secretary Liz Truss on Wednesday, April 27, at a speech at Mansion House in London that Russian forces must leave all occupied Ukrainian territory, including Crimea, annexed in 2014, and the rebel-held Luhansk and Donetsk. Ms Truss said it is time "to push Russia out of the whole of Ukraine" as she warned Putin could also be planning to invade Moldova and Georgia. Asked on Sky News if Ms Truss was referring to Crimea when claiming the entirety of Ukraine should be liberated from Putin's forces, the Defence Secretary said: "Well, the international community believes Russia should leave Ukraine. "The international community has condemned Russia for its invasion of Crimea, which was illegal in 2014. Its invasion of Donetsk, recognising it is illegal, is somewhat different. "We don't recognise it and we've constantly said that Russia should leave sovereign territory. So that hasn't changed." Later, pushed on how far the West will support Ukraine in removing Russian troops, Mr Wallace said there is a "long way to go" before there is the prospect of Ukraine taking back control of Crimea. However, he said the UK supports "Ukraine's sovereign integrity". He stressed: "We've done that all along. That, of course, includes Crimea."