Most people, when they want to lose a little bit of weight, cut back on the sweet treats and alcohol and increase the number of steps they walk. For those that have a lot of weight to lose, it can be hard finding a diet and exercise plan that can be followed for many months in a bid to shed several stone. Natasha, 37, once weighed 24.4 stone and with the help of exante, she shed a whopping 13.5 stone. Natasha used to wear a size 32 and now, she is a confident size 12/14 and “feels great”. Speaking about what she struggled to do when weighing over 20 stone, Natasha said she “couldn’t run or jog”. “I also couldn’t fit on some theme park rides,” she added. Having shed over half her original body weight, Natasha, who now weighs 10st 9lbs can run and enjoy theme park rides. READ MORE: FREE Slimming World 8-page recipe “At my biggest, I was lucky,” she said. “I did not have any health problems.” As for why she wanted to lose weight, Natasha said her family was her motivation. “I decided to lose weight when my son took a selfie and I was in the background of the picture and thought to myself ‘I need to do something’ so I did and to set a good example to my son,” she explained. Natasha explained how exante helped her lose 13.5stone. DON'T MISS...Easter travel chaos latest: Queues form at St. Pancras for Eurostar [UPDATES]Meghan drops Duchess title in Archetypes ‘to rebrand herself' [CLAIM]Shoppers can save £250 a year by swapping 6 branded items [NEWS] She said: “I started Exante and lost most of my weight without doing exercise. “Then I joined the gym I went two to three times a week, for two hour workouts each time.” As for the meal plan, Natasha revealed: “I found a Exante extremely easy I am a hairdresser and work seven days a week so it was grab and go food. “I never eat regular meals as I was always on the go and would grab food when I could sometimes missing out on meals.” With so much weight to lose, was there anything Natasha found difficult during her weight loss journey? She said: “I just needed to get past the first two weeks as I was feeling hungry and started to get headaches, so I just drank two to three litres of water to get me through it. “Once I got past that, it just came naturally and fit in with my busy lifestyle.” Having lost so much weight, Natasha said it feels “so nice” to be able to “go into any clothes shop and buy fashionable clothes, not just your normal plus size shops”. “I have always been confident but I’m even more confident now I feel fitter, I got even more energy,” she commented. Natasha also gave some advice for anyone who is in a similar situation to what she was: “You need to be in the right frame of mind to do it. “If you have a bad day don’t think you have failed, just go straight back to it. “If I can do it anyone can!” She remarked.