Camilla and her husband Prince Charles are enjoying a well-deserved break in their Scottish residence, Birkhall. The Duchess of Cornwall and Prince of Wales spent the Easter holidays in Scotland, in the home they usually stay in during the summer months. Ahead of their holiday, the royal couple stood in for the Queen at the Maundy Thursday service — a part of the Christian celebration of Easter which marks the night of the Last Supper as told in the bible. Before setting off for the traditional ceremony, Charles and Camilla had a meeting with unexpected visitors — Prince Harry and his wife, Meghan Markle. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to the UK on a secret stop-off on their journey to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. During the brief visit to Windsor, the couple met with both Charles and Camilla and later on the Queen. While Harry spoke fondly of his reunion with his grandmother, he did not reveal any information regarding his meeting with his father. JUST IN: Sophie and Edward 'forgiven' by Royal Family after 'humiliating' misstep early on Speculation of a rift between the Duke and his brother, Prince William, and father have been rife since the Sussexes’ shock exit from the Royal Family and their subsequent explosive Oprah Winfrey interview. It was with the US TV host that Harry claimed that Charles and William were “trapped” in the Firm, and that he had had no support from his family when he and Meghan were struggling. The recent meeting between Harry and Charles has been described as an important first step towards reconciliation, something that Camilla has reportedly been “instrumental” in orchestrating. Vanity Fair’s royal correspondent, Katie Nicholl, recently claimed that Camilla has been attempting to fix the “fractured” relationship between her husband and his son. Writing for the publication, she said: “Behind palace doors, sources say, the Duchess has also been instrumental in trying to heal the fractured relationship between Charles and Prince Harry.” “‘The situation with Harry was upsetting for all the family, and we mustn’t forget that they are a family,’ says a friend. “‘I know that Camilla did her best and was a tremendous sounding post and support for Charles, who was deeply troubled.’” The meeting between Harry and Charles only lasted 15 minutes and has been described as “edgy”, according to reports. DON'T MISS:Prince Charles 'keeping door open' to Prince Harry over Princess Diana regret [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's 'deep rift' with Royal Family set to continue – expert [ANALYSIS]Queen 'absolutely determined' to attend beloved event during Jubilee weekend [LATEST] After the brief visit, Harry and Meghan flew to the Netherlands to attend the Invictus Games, a sporting event for veterans and servicemen and women that the Duke founded in 2014. During an interview with Hoda Kotb from the US Today show, Harry spoke openly about his family; he said that he missed them, “especially over the last two years”. However, when asked specifically about Charles and William, Harry swerved the question, moving the conversation onto the Invictus Games. William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge were not in the country when Harry and Meghan descended on the royal residences of Windsor. Te meeting between Harry and Charles only lasted 15 minutes and has been described as “edgy”, according to reports. They were on a ski trip in France with their three children. Harry and William have not seen each other since they unveiled a statue of their late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, in July last year. It is likely that the next opportunity for the brothers to reunite is the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The monarch’s 70 years on the throne will be celebrated over a four-day weekend in June. William and Charles are set to play integral roles in the festivities given that the Queen is experiencing health and mobility issues. Following her meeting with Harry and Meghan, it’s understood that Her Majesty invited them to join the Royal Family on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the celebrations. When asked whether he would be attending, the Duke of Sussex said: "I don't know yet. “There's lots of things: security issues and everything else. "So this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her [the Queen]." Harry is still embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in the UK. He has previously claimed that he “does not feel safe” to bring his children to his home country. It has been reported that the Queen is keen to see her great-grandchildren — Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana — particularly because she is yet to meet the Sussexes’ daughter.