The two royal couples have hit the headlines for their alleged feuding in recent years, reportedly sparked by the fast pace of Harry’s relationship with Meghan, ahead of their wedding in 2018. Ian Lloyd, the author of the newly-published 'The Queen: 70 Chapters in the life of Elizabeth II', outlined the “obvious tensions with William and Kate” the last time the Sussexes were in the same vicinity as the Cambridges. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex attended the Commonwealth Day Service at Westminster Abbey in March 2020, just before they jetted off to California and officially renounced royal duties. They attended the service alongside Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, but the “tension was palpable” between the royal couples, Mr Lloyd claimed. He added that the Sussexes and the Cambridges “more or less blanked each other” in what was the last high-profile royal engagement for the two couples. Since relocating to Meghan’s home state, the Sussexes have scarcely returned to UK turf and the public contact between the two brothers has been minimal. But there is a chance for the Dukes and Duchesses to reconcile during the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations, Mr Lloyd suggested. The opportunity could come at the Queen’s official birthday parade, Mr Lloyd hinted. Both parties would need “to make an effort to be all out on the balcony at, say, Trooping the Colour”, he claimed. But the behaviour of the royal couples could not be something “that would overshadow the occasion” on the Queen’s landmark celebration. READ MORE: Harry claims 'immense' differences exist on therapy between US and UK Mr Lloyd said: “It would be advisable to be seen to getting on, because if they stand at one end of the balcony and the other couple at the other end, it's going to be [...] something that would overshadow the occasion.” He added: “They don't want that.” Just before the Duke and Duchess of Sussex tied the knot at Windsor, Prince William is reported to have told his younger brother to “slow it down” and ensure he was making the “right choice”. The year after Harry and Meghan’s nuptials, the Duke of Sussex commented that he and William were on “different paths”, although he loved his brother “dearly”. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William 'predicted category 5 tantrum' [LIVE] Queen and Prince Charles 'are closer than ever' thanks to Camilla [INSIGHT] Kate used 'lots of care and strategy' to marry William - expert [REVEAL] Last year, Harry then told US chat show host Oprah Winfrey that William was “trapped” within the Royal Family, along with their father, Charles. He said: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don’t get to leave. “And I have huge compassion for that.” This comment “infuriated” and “staggered” Prince William in the wake of the interview airing in 2021, royal author Robert Jobson claimed. Quoting a “member of William’s circle”, Mr Jobson wrote: “To say William felt deeply let down would be an understatement. “He wasn’t sure if he could ever fully trust his brother again.” In the same interview, Meghan told Oprah that Kate had reduced her to tears ahead of her wedding to Prince Harry in 2018. Meghan said: “She was upset about something, but she owned it and she apologised and she brought me flowers and a note apologising, and she did what I would do if I knew that I’d hurt someone, right, to just take accountability for it.” She insisted she believed Kate to be a “good person”, and was not attempting to be “disparaging” of the Duchess of Cambridge. But royal author Penny Junor claimed the comments exacerbated the rift between the two royal brothers. “I would have thought one of the things William was most cross about was the fact that Meghan threw Kate under the bus.” She added: “It wasn’t Harry, but it was his wife, and he must have known that she was going to do that and he clearly hasn’t corrected it in any way.”