Nutritional experts at Origym have warned of the most stomach cramping foods you need to be aware of and revealed why they may be an IBS trigger. They said there are certain foods you may want to “avoid overindulging on” if you struggle with IBS or a sensitive stomach. The IBS Network says it's more common in women than men, tends to start in teenagers or twenties, and may persist on and off throughout life, often depending on what is happening. They noted: “A greasy takeaway is something most of us can’t get enough of, but the high-fat content that features in some of these fatty foods can contribute to stomach problems and digestion issues.“Whether it’s a gourmet burger or a Big Mac, we all love a cheeseburger, but burgers contain some of the highest fat content. This can contribute to excessive gas and can strengthen intestinal contractions triggering IBS.” These include: READ MORE: Company develops vaccine that 'could mark a paradigm shift' in prostate cancer treatment  The experts said: “Often named a hidden intolerance, many people who suffer from gluten allergies or sensitivities aren’t aware of their intolerance. “But as a common ingredient in lots of food, gluten may cause a serious immune reaction for IBS and celiac disease sufferers and those with a sensitive gut. “The gluten protein found in grains like rye, wheat, and barley, can trigger IBS symptoms such as bloating, diarrhoea and cramps.” The nutritionists added: “Generally, those suffering from IBS are also lactose intolerant and as a result, consuming dairy products often triggers their symptoms.”  The NHS explains IBS is a common condition that affects the digestive system. The health body says: “It causes symptoms like stomach cramps, bloating, diarrhoea and constipation. These tend to come and go over time, and can last for days, weeks or months at a time.“ It's usually a lifelong problem. It can be very frustrating to live with and can have a big impact on your everyday life. “There's no cure, but diet changes and medicines can often help control the symptoms.” The NHS says: “The exact cause is unknown – it's been linked to things like food passing through your gut too quickly or too slowly, oversensitive nerves in your gut, stress and a family history of IBS.” The health body explains the main symptoms of IBS are: The IBS Network says most people with IBS have a sensitive gut. It says in a sensitive gut, symptoms can be triggered by: The organisation says IBS does tend to run in the family, “but that does not necessarily mean there is a genetic inheritance”.