The amount of new state pension someone gets is based on their National Insurance record. This could mean some people getting more than others in retirement. To get the full new state pension, Britons could need 35 qualifying years on their National Insurance record. They usually need at least 10 qualifying years to get any state pension at all. Despite paying National Insurance contributions, people may find some of those payments did not count as qualifying years. This could lead to a shock for those who assume they will get the full state pension, only to be disappointed. READ MORE: NS&I announces Premium Bonds jackpot winners for April 2022 - how to check if you won To get a qualifying year, someone must do more than simply pay National Insurance at the correct amount. Other conditions must be met to earn someone a qualifying year towards their state pension. One of these conditions relates to how much someone earned in a tax year. Employees must earn at least £120 a week for the 2021/22 tax year to get a qualifying year. DON'T MISSState pension: Six increases will take place from next month - will you get more? [ALERT]Can you still submit your meter reading today? What to do if you couldn't do it yesterday [INSIGHT]Octopus Energy CEO says meter readings causing ‘unnecessary stress’ and offers his advice [WARNING] Alternatively, they can qualify by earning £520 a month or £6,240 a year. These rules are slightly different for those who are self-employed. Self-employed people must earn £125 a week, £542 a month or £6,515 per year to get a qualifying year. People with a fluctuating income may be vulnerable to not earning qualifying years in some tax years. Those who are on a lower income or who work part time may also be at risk. Britons can use the Gov.uk website to check their National Insurance record. This can help them see if there are any gaps which could deny them the full state pension. National Insurance records may be improved by claiming certain benefits with attached National Insurance credits. Alternatively, people may be able to pay voluntary contributions in order to earn more qualifying years. This could help them increase their state pension entitlement. The full new state pension is currently worth £179.60 a week, or £9,339.20 for a full year. This is set to rise from April 11, 2022, taking the full amount to £185.15.