Manchester United are preparing for what promises to be a busy summer transfer window at the start of a new manager’s reign. United are braced for a major squad overhaul, with out-of-contract players leaving and Erik ten Hag poised to come in and set about sparking a new era. That should mean exciting new players arriving, but United have not always had their own way in the transfer market.      A club of United’s stature commands plenty of respect when it comes to recruitment, with the club traditionally able to offer alluring wages and the chance to win trophies. The pull of Old Trafford is pretty strong and has helped in getting numerous deals over the line, but others have broken down for other reasons. Sometimes United have not moved fast enough and lost out to rivals. Sometimes the club’s recruitment team have not picked up on a world-class talent early in their careers. Sometimes deals have fallen through due to time pressure. For all their many successes in the transfer market, United also have plenty of failures. Ronaldinho, Gareth Bale, Zinedine Zidane, Eden Hazard and Alan Shearer are just some of the famous names who never signed on the dotted line. Here are the lesser-known stories of seven other world-class players who United missed out on.  JUST IN: Erling Haaland rejects Man Utd transfer with two clubs under debate United were pursuing Kroos’ signature during the second half of the 2013/14 season. Kroos was at Bayern Munich but was keen to move to Old Trafford in the summer transfer window. The deal was “basically done”, according to Kroos himself, before the sacking of David Moyes in April 2014 scuppered the transfer. "Toni Kroos had agreed to come to Manchester United with me," Moyes told talkSPORT in 2018 "I met him and his wife and we agreed it all when he was at Bayern Munich." Kroos confirmed to The Athletic in February 2020: "David Moyes had come to see me and the contract had basically been done but then Moyes was fired and Louis van Gaal came in, which complicated matters. Louis wanted time to build his own project. I didn't hear anything from United for a while and started having doubts. Then the World Cup started and Carlo Ancelotti called. And that was it." Louis van Gaal was yet to take up his new role because he was in charge of the Netherlands for the 2014 World Cup, allowing Carlo Ancelotti to swoop and sign him for Real Madrid just £20million – a fee which made him Real’s “transfer of the century”, according to his agent Volke Struth.  Raul was available for transfer when his 16-year stint at Real Madrid came to an end in the summer of 2010. Sir Alex Ferguson thought hard about the opportunity, and even spoke to the Spanish striker’s agent, but passed, allowing him to join Schalke on a free transfer instead. "You can make exceptions for certain players, because experience is so valuable," Ferguson said of the 33-year-old striker in April 2011. "We thought the same when we signed Michael Owen, who has been a terrific professional for us, and bringing in Raúl would have been similar to when we managed to get Henrik Larsson for a short time a few years ago. It was obvious his time at Real Madrid had come to an end, and he certainly wasn't too old to be effective, as he has been showing in Germany. “We spoke to his agent about a possible move but we already had Javier Hernández by then and, with Wayne Rooney, Dimitar Berbatov and Michael Owen available, we thought we could afford to let the chance pass. If we hadn't had Michael at the club at the time I might well have signed him." United tried to sign Fabregas on two separate occasions. Their first attempt came in 2003 when the midfielder was making waves at Barcelona's La Masia academy, but United missed out to Arsenal. Ten years later they returned to the same club, Barcelona, but were beaten to the punch by Chelsea after Arsenal refused to entertain a return. Moyes wanted to make him one of his first United signings at Old Trafford, but Barca turned down two offers in excess of £25m. Speaking to the Arsecast podcast, Fabregas explained what happened in 2013: “Once I decide to leave, Arsenal will have the first option of any other club and I cannot speak to any other club for one week to see if Arsenal want me or not. Arsene [Wenger] didn’t give an answer, we just had to wait one full week to see if they responded. Definitely this was my first option, in my mind I’m telling everyone I’m going to Arsenal – this is what I want. Arsene can see this. I didn’t want to be a beggar, they know the situation, in one week they haven’t said anything, straightaway I knew they probably didn’t want me back. They waited the full week without giving me a response.”  Robben joined Chelsea from PSV Eindhoven in 2004 – but only after coming close to a United move. The club initially pulled out all the stops, giving him a tour of the training ground and a meeting with Ferguson, but they then went cold, allowing Chelsea to snap up the then 20-year-old Dutch winger up for £12m. Bizarrely, Rio Ferdinand said two years ago Robben didn’t sign because “he didn’t like the smell” at the training ground. Robben himself has a more straightforward version. "I had a very good conversation with him (Ferguson) over dinner in Manchester and we spoke about football and life,” he told FourFourTwo. “I also went and had a good look around the training ground and everything was good, but after I went back to PSV nothing happened. There was no real contact and the deal didn't happen.” He also added: "Had Manchester United offered me a deal straight after I met them, I would have signed there, but it didn't happen and I have got no regrets." Henderson is now a Liverpool legend, but things could have been very different. Back in 2011 he was recommended to United by Sunderland boss Steve Bruce. The club considered him, but eventually declined to make the move, allowing Liverpool to sign him for £20m. "We were ready to make a bid for Jordan Henderson at Sunderland. I spoke to Steve Bruce and he loved the guy," Ferguson said last year. "And then our medical department said they were not happy with his running style - he could be the type to have injuries.” He added: "We loved him as a player and he has proved that now, he has been fantastic and all the stories I am being told, it tells me I missed out on a really good person."  After two outstanding seasons for Southampton, Mane moved to Liverpool for £34m in the summer of 2016. But that move only came about after prolonged interest from United, who made at least two bids for his services. United saw an offer of around £20m rejected by Saints before returning with an improved offer. Southampton held on before selling to Liverpool for what was then a record fee for an African player. ESPN have reported that Ed Woodward’s failure to sign Mane had nothing to do with the transfer fee United were prepared to pay, but was instead due to the Senegal international’s reluctance to play for then manager Van Gaal, who he deemed to be a negative tactician. Ferguson went on a scouting mission to watch Cech playing for Rennes back in 2003 but wasn’t convinced. "He was 18 or 19," he said later. "I told myself he was too young for us." Cech moved to Chelsea the following year and stayed for 11 seasons, winning four Premier League titles, four FA Cups, three League Cups, the Europa League and the Champions League. 