House prices have been on the rise since the beginning of the pandemic, with the latest data from Halifax revealing house price inflation is at its strongest level since mid 2007. While this is good news for those looking to sell their home, there are some key features that could devalue their property or even hinder their chances of selling. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Sarah Hastings, Digital and Marketing Manager at RW4Y explained that “major renovations” have “long-term effects” on property value. She said: “If you plan to sell your home in the near future, it’s very important to consider the long-term effect any major renovations may have on the value. “Before making any big decisions, take a look at what other homes with similar features in your area are selling for. “This will give you an idea of just how much value a certain feature could add — or take away, as the case may be.” READ MORE: Property for sale: ‘Beautiful features’ that add house value It is best to keep a minimalistic design for those ready to sell so that buyers can imagine themselves living there. The property guru noted that “unique features” that are hard to remove can be considered as a major renovation as they may not be to the buyer’s tastes. Sarah said: “Generally speaking, unique features that are difficult or expensive to remove will have the biggest impact on property values. “For example, pebble dash render might be to some people’s tastes, but it is also very difficult and costly to remove, which will put off any prospective buyers who aren’t a fan of the style.” DON'T MISS:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ hack to remove washing machine  [COMMENT]Cats: How to deter cats from your garden for ‘free’ [TIPS]Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [EXPERT] It’s well-known that neutral decor helps to sell a house faster, and perhaps often for a higher price, but it’s important to make sure this decor theme is consistent throughout the whole house. The property expert said: “We all know that neutral decor can help sell a house, but it’s important to remember that this extends beyond carpets and paint colours. “For example, though you might think a statement light fixture looks good in your home, these can often put off potential buyers if their taste doesn't match with yours. “So be wary of installing complex hanging and wall-mounted light features, especially if they will be difficult to take with you when you leave.” Adding extensions to your property is a great way to add value, however, if carried out poorly it can devalue a house significantly. Sarah explained: “Conversions and extensions can be a fantastic way to maximise the value of your home, but only if they are carefully thought out and well-executed — shoddy work will have the opposite effect. “Buyers will be looking for versatile rooms that can be repurposed to suit their needs as soon as they move in, so be wary of creating spaces that are too closely tied to one purpose. “For example, it’s become quite popular to turn a spare room into a walk-in wardrobe, but sacrificing a bedroom can have a serious effect on the value of your home if these changes are hard to undo.” Instead, homeowners should be focusing on ways to improve the rooms they already have. Sarah added: “Buyers will always be looking for spacious, light-filled rooms, so if you do decide to extend or convert, find ways to maximise natural light wherever you can. “Roof windows or flat roof windows will bring plenty of light into converted garages or loft conversions, creating liveable spaces that will really appeal to buyers.” Buyers need to imagine themselves living in that property, so if there is minimal light this can really bring down the value of the property.