Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has insisted he is ‘happy’ with how talks over a new contract for Mohamed Salah are progressing. Salah’s future is unclear as he is yet to extend his deal beyond 2023, but Klopp has now revealed that talks have recommenced following a worrying impasse. It was widely reported at the start of March that discussions over a new contract for Salah had not taken place since 2021. That was largely because Liverpool were unwilling to offer an astronomical deal to a player who will be 30 next season. Klopp recently appeared to irk Salah’s entourage, with lawyer Ramy Abbas Issa tweeting a string of laughing emojis after the German discussed the forward’s future in a press conference. However, the relationship between the club and the player's people now seems to be much more amicable. The Mirror claimed on Sunday that Salah and his camp are prepared to back down on some of their huge demands. It makes a deal for Salah – who has previously suggested he wants to see out his career with the Reds – look far likelier.   JUST IN: Dele Alli blasted as a 'complete waste of time' by Simon Jordan And Klopp has claimed he is "happy" about the progress being made. "I'm happy with it because there's nothing new to say - that's good. The decisive parties are talking to each other and that's all I need," the Liverpool boss said ahead of their Champions League quarter-final first leg trip to Benfica. Salah has not scored from open play in his last eight games, with his only goal for club or country coming from the penalty spot against Brighton in early March. But Klopp has put those worries to bed, saying: "For me, the performance level is important, how he brings players together. "It's a tough period for Mo and Sadio (Mane), coming back from international duty and being available again. We see him every day - there is nothing to worry about."   DON'T MISS...Pep Guardiola issues sarcastic reply to Man City tactics questionGary Neville urges Queen to address Fan Led review in next speechParlour warns Chelsea Arsenal are ready to boot them out of the top 4 Salah has previously conducted interviews with Spanish outlets and flirted with a departure to La Liga. Real Madrid have been loosely linked but seem far more intent on pursuing Kylian Mbappe, whose own PSG contract expires this summer. But earlier this season, the former Chelsea man revealed he would like to play out the rest of his career at Anfield. He said there was no way he would ever want to play against Liverpool, but said the ball was in their court over a new deal. "If you ask me, I would love to stay until the last day of my football career, but I can't say much about that – it's not in my hands. It depends on what the club want, not on me. "At the moment I can't see myself ever playing against Liverpool. That would make me sad. It's hard, I don't want to talk about it, but it would make me really sad. At the moment I don't see myself playing against Liverpool but let's see what will happen in the future."