Russian troops in Ukraine have made far less progress than Russian President Vladimir Putin expected. With frustrations in the Kremlin growing over the resistance put up by Ukrainian forces, fears have grown that Russia may go to devastating ends to achieve its goals. Last month, Putin’s chief spokesman refused to rule out the use of nuclear weapons in the conflict.  When asked by CNN whether Putin would use nuclear weapons, Dmitry Peskov replied, "if it is an existential threat for our country, then it can be." In light of these concerns, defence experts Robert K. Niven, Chi-King Lee, Damith Mohotti and Paul Hazell issued advice on what people can do to survive such an attack. Breaking down the process of a nuclear explosion, the first thing that will happen according to the authors is that the people on the ground would see a bright flash in the sky, perhaps even brighter than the Sun. They write: “The intense thermal radiation also causes skin burns, possibly through your clothing.  “Wearing pale-coloured clothing or being indoors will help.” By finding cover to shield from the heat of the explosion, at least the people on the periphery of the blast can survive the initial seconds. However, the survivors will need to immediately protect themselves from the blast wave that comes just a few seconds later. The experts note: “This consists of an overpressure shock wave followed by an outward blast wind, often with reverse winds returning to ground zero. “This will destroy or damage all built structures within a certain radius from the epicentre, depending on the yield and height of the burst.” READ MORE: China’s ‘mighty dragon’ The terrifying weapons that Xi could hand P... According to the authors, a 15 kiloton nuclear bomb would create a fireball radius of about 100 metres and completely destroy everything for up to 1.6 kilometres around the epicentre. The waves travel faster than the speed of sound, meaning that if you’re five kilometres away from the epicentre, you have under 15 seconds to find a safe structure that won’t be obliterated by the blast waves. The experts recommend finding an underground bunker if possible within that time frame, or to at least brace themselves under a strong part of the building. They write: “If you’re in an apartment building, run to the fire staircase in the structural core of the building.” DON'T MISSHuge blow for Putin as China silently turns and PULLS major car brand [REPORT] Musk says he’s homeless and couch-surfs [REVEAL] UK scientists analyse secrets of Putin's prized fighter jet [ANALYSIS]  If you’re still alive, you will now need to protect yourself against the fallout, which is a toxic cloud of radioactive particles that are carried around by the wind, contaminating everything in its path for days. Aside from staying indoors, the experts also write: "Block all the doors, windows and air gaps. “You can drink water from intact pipes and eat from sealed cans. “For outdoor movement, any PPE available should be used – especially a P2 mask, or even a dust mask.” Once inside, you will need to decontaminate by thoroughly scrubbing the body, nails and hair. The experts say: “Hopefully by now the national authorities will have stepped in for rescue and medical treatment.” 