The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s eldest children Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, six, are currently on their Easter break from school. The school break from Thomas's Battersea began last Friday. While three-year-old Louis has enjoyed a little more time off than his siblings because Willcocks Nursery also broke up for Easter early last week. Their mum Kate will no doubt be keeping the children entertained and ensuring this year’s celebrations are fun-filled, especially considering the disruption COVID-19 caused over the last few years. The children’s time off school is likely to include plenty of quality family time, especially following William and Kate’s recent eight-day royal tour. It's not known where the Cambridges will spend the long school holidays, but in the past, they have stayed in the countryside. In previous years, Kate, 40, and Prince William, 39, spent Easter in Norfolk at Anmer Hall with their three children. George, Charlotte and Louis are known to love playing in the gardens at Anmer Hall. The Duchess is a hands-on mum and encourages her brood to play outdoors as much as possible. Wherever the Cambridges are due to spend Easter, it is likely that Kate and William will hide chocolate eggs for their children and even come up with clues for them to follow on their hunt. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry may attend Brooklyn Beckham's wedding next week In 2018, The Duchess revealed George and Charlotte had enjoyed an Easter egg hunt that morning while speaking to little girls following the Easter Sunday church service at St George's chapel. This is likely to mean an Easter egg hunt is almost certainly on the cards. She may even enlist the help of her mother Carole Middleton who runs the party supplies business Party Pieces and is an expert when it comes to planning children's parties. Carole and her husband Michael are said to have joined the Cambridges in Norfolk for some lovely holiday traditions over Christmas so it could be that they also attend an Easter lunch there too. Last year, on their Kensington Royal Instagram account, the Duke and Duchess gave royal fans a glimpse inside their family celebrations on Easter Sunday. A video showed a milk chocolate egg covered with white chocolate writing that read 'Happy Easter' being smashed into pieces with a rolling pin. DON'T MISS Royals are ‘very good at adapting’: Charles will be a modern king [INSIGHT] Kate sparks questions over 'fake' engagement ring after scuba diving [REVEAL] Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen [ANALYSIS] Accompanying the video, the caption read: "Wishing you all a safe and happy Easter." Kate is also a keen home cook and is bound to cook up a feast for her family on Easter Sunday – and she could even wrangle her children in to help out. In 2020, Kate revealed some of the ways she was keeping the children busy during lockdown and baking was among them. The Duchess told the BBC: "The children have got such stamina I don’t know-how. Honestly, you get to the end of the day and you write down the list of all the things that you've done in that day. "So you pitch a tent take the tent down again, cook, bake. You get to the end of the day - they have had a lovely time - but it is amazing how much you can cram into one day that's for sure." Last year for Mother’s Day, William and Kate’s social media shared a photo of a cake that George, Charlotte and Louis had made to mark the special day. Photos of the cake made by the three royal children were shared with a heartfelt message. The post read: "Celebrating two other special mothers today. Made by George, Charlotte and Louis." Given that the Cambridge children are dab hands in the kitchen they could help mum Kate prepare some sweet treats for Easter lunch. Another Easter tradition for the Cambridges sees them joining members of the Royal Family for a special Easter Sunday church service at St George's Chapel in Windsor Last year, the royal reunion was called off due to Covid, and instead, the royals marked the Christian holiday in private. The holiday is especially significant to the Queen as head of the Church of England.