Piers Morgan has insisted his views are anything but controversial and the broadcaster is on a mission to cancel "woke" culture as he is set to launch his new primetime show on TalkTV later this month. The former Good Morning Britain presenter claimed he should be considered a "darling of the left" but instead has admittedly had the opposite effect. The 57-year-old said he feels he has become an "enemy" of the left despite his campaigns for seeking justice. The journalist claimed instead he has found himself on the end of their "fascist" pitchforks in a new interview. Piers has said he is certainly not a "right-winger" but has struggled to get much support from those with leftist views. Addressing the backlash, he commented: "I never think my views are controversial. READ MORE: Edwina Currie slams Rylan Clark's claim Boris 'broke the law' "I genuinely don’t think I come at anything from a position where people could say, 'Well, that’s outrageous.' "And if they do think it is, well, tell me what it is I’ve said that’s outrageous – because I bet you’ve struggled." Piers continued: "‘I’m not a right-winger. I’m not a conservative. I’m not a far-left [person]. "I’m probably slightly left-of-centre. My sensibilities are sort of old-fashioned liberal in the sense [that I believe] in freedom of speech and democracy."  "I’m not homophobic. I’m not sexist, I believe in fairness and equality for all. I’ve campaigned against racial injustice on television and in print for many years." "I should be the darling of the left. But I’m not," Piers told Australia’s Stellar magazine. "I’m their enemy because the left have become so extreme they’ve become the very fascists who they profess to hate most." With just two weeks away, Piers is set to return to viewers' screens with his Talk TV show Uncensored. DON'T MISS... Dan Walker admits 'upsetting' Sally Nugent amid replacement update[LATEST]Victoria Beckham dressed celeb pals at Brooklyn's wedding[PICTURES]Johnny Depp's sister says Amber Heard called him 'old, fat man'[TRIAL] In the trailer for the new series, the broadcaster described the show as a "fearless forum for lively, intelligent debate and agenda-setting interviews" and to "celebrate free speech and the right for people to share their views". Piers said: "I’m delighted to now be returning to live television with a new daily show whose main purpose is to cancel the Cancel Culture which has infected societies around the world. "I want it to be a platform for lively vigorous debate, news-making interviews, and that increasingly taboo three-letter word: fun. I also want it to annoy all the right people." The show will be aired globally and aims to entertain viewers from the UK, to Melbourne and Los Angeles. On his previous shows, the presenter has challenged Serena Williams at tennis, played piano with Barry Manilow and sparred with Manny Pacquiao. His new show launch comes a year after he stormed off the set on GMB. Piers Morgan Uncensored will be available on linear TV platforms Sky, Virgin Media, Freeview and Freesat, as well as streaming sites Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV, Samsung TV Plus and on YouTube. Piers Morgan Uncensored premieres Monday, April 25.