Darren McGrady was the Queen’s own personal chef at Buckingham Palace for 11 years during the 1980s and 90s, before working at Kensington Palace. Mr McGrady, who now lives in the USA, revealed to My London that the chips he served Her Majesty were all “perfect rectangles” and that the monarch preferred her fish fillets bread crumbed and then baked in the oven rather than the traditional batter and deep fry.  He said: “Fish fried in all that crispy rich batter was a little bit too much for her, she preferred a more refined fish and chips.” Rather than having tatar sauce or mushy peas with her chips, the royal chef revealed the Queen preferred tarragon hollandaise. He explained it is very difficult to make tarragon hollandaise and is unlikely to be available in local fish and chip shops. It's also very rich, containing 90 percent butter, a strange choice for Her Majesty you might think considering she disliked the fat in batter.  Perhaps the strangest part of the whole process was the plate assembly, however. After adding the fish McGrady would then “build a little tower” comprising the “special chips”. It appeared that rather than large portions of chips the Queen was satisfied with only six. Mr McGrady also revealed that Buckingham Palace didn’t even call the dish Fish and Chips, preferring the French term Cabillard et Pommes Pont Neuf on the official menu. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle caused ‘shudders at palace’  On social media, royal fans were delighted with the culinary display for the Queen, although some felt she was limiting herself with her choices. One said: “Did the Queen ever play Jenga with her chips when you stacked them up like that?” Another user said: “Looks amazing but if you served me fish and chips with only 6 chips I’d be fuming.” While another said: “The Queen doesn't know what she's missing: beer battered cod, deep fried chips, mushy peas, salt, vinegar, scraps. Can't beat it.” DON'T MISS:  Royal Family: Meghan and Harry snubbed over invite [REVEAL] Archie Harrison's surname caused heated royal row [INSIGHT] How Camilla slapped down 'pompous' Charles over gin and tonic demand [SPOTLIGHT]  As Mr McGrady concluded “Does the Queen eat fish and chips? Sort of I guess.”