Aggie (played by Lorna Laidlaw) has been taking a backseat from the drama on Coronation Street recently, following everything which happened with Grace Vickers (Kate Spencer) a couple of weeks ago. The matriarch of the Bailey family might have finally thought she was going to get some rest bite, what with her also working as a nurse on the frontline of the pandemic. However, next week's episodes of the ITV soap will see her receive some news and it could be she will have her head turned from her husband, Ed Bailey (Trevor Michael Georges). The drama begins as Aggie is notified she will be working on a different ward from now on, meaning she will have to get used to a whole new system. What makes her apprehensive about working there is she has been told by many of her colleagues her new boss is quite the stickler. Therefore, when it comes to her first day on the new ward, Aggie isn't in the best of moods but her spirits are lifted when she meets Dr Thorne (Dominic Mafham). Despite everything she has heard, the newcomer is nothing but charming himself and he gets to show his new employee around her new working environment. She is shocked by the warm welcome but this could be the start of a dangerous journey for Aggie as she's tempted to cheat on Ed. READ MORE: 'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry It has been revealed in the past Aggie has swayed from Ed as she once slept with his brother, Ronnie Bailey (Vinta Morgan), before they got married. When her husband discovered this, he was furious with her as it could have meant his brother was actually Michael Bailey's (Ryan Russell) son. However, he managed to move past it but ever since, they've not had a chance to enjoy their relationship as they've been blackmailed by Grace. With this now over and done with, they might have thought they could finally get some time together but Dr Thorne could be a distraction from this. As the newcomer showers her with compliments and she begins to feel a new sense of self, she could end up sleeping with her new boss. Knowing this will mean the end of her marriage, Aggie would start to struggle to hide her secret affair from her family. An opportunity could arise to leave without telling Ed to his face if Dr Thorne tells his lover he has secured a new job in London. This would mean he would have to move down south and having fallen for Aggie, he could ask her to go with him to the capital. Having always dreamed of living a lavish life, she could agree to go with him and they could be a proper couple away from the judgement of their loved ones and neighbours. Packing her bags, the matriarch of the Bailey family could leave a note for her husband, confessing to her betrayal in recent months. DON'T MISS...Corrie’s Bill Roache admits he ‘really fancied’ Queen when they met [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT]Rula Lenska health: Star, 74, on the 'difficulty' of hearing loss [COMMENT] Aggie could explain when she's settled in London, she will file for a divorce as she wants to begin a relationship with Dr Thorne. Ed would be heartbroken, thinking their marriage meant a lot more to his wife than just telling him it was over in a letter. However, with his other half having already fled the cobbles, he would know there would be no way he could change her mind. Even if he followed her to London, he would not know where to start as she would have left him no forwarding address for the rest of her belongings. However, if things don't work out with Dr Thorne, will Aggie end up coming back with her tail between her legs? The actress who plays Aggie, Lorna, has previously hinted something secretive could be in the pipeline for her character. Speaking last year, the actress said: "My biggest advice to everyone in the Bailey family is to be open with everyone. "Everybody has a secret in the family! If everybody was open about everything that was happening then they would be able to fight as a team. "But at the moment everyone is trying to protect everyone else and actually what is happening is they are destroying each other." Having played the nurse for the best part of three years, Lorna has also explained what she enjoys about playing Aggie. The soap star said: "There are quite a few [things]. I love that she is quite bossy, you know who wears the trousers in that house. "I would see a bit more of that too. I also love the fact that this woman cannot cook for toffee. "I love that when she has sit down meals with her kids, they look absolutely frightened like their meals have been laced with scorpions and everyone is a bit scared about eating it. "I love that they pretend that she can cook just because they love her," she commented, but will the Bailey family cope if she does end up leaving? Despite her horrendous cooking, will they beg to have her home? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.