Emmanuel Macron’s pension reform in 2020 led to massive nationwide protests and stiff political opposition. Originally planned for 2020, the bill was suspended by the Covid-19 pandemic and remains a stumbling block in French politics, as all of Macron’s predecessors have failed to reform the current pension system. President Macron’s new pension plan is now facing resistance from Marine Le Pen’s ally Philippe Olivier. National Rally MEP Philippe Olivier lashed out on French TV channel France Info: “When there is vagueness, there is a hidden agenda. You see, I think Mr Macron is taking people for fools.” Mr Olivier’s comments follow the TV presenter’s failed attempt at explaining Macron’s new pension agenda.  “He's trying to explain something. So, he spoke to the right with his reform at 65, which is a profoundly anti-social reform because it's going to amount to lowering retirement pensions, which are going to become miserable.” “Because no one will be able to retire in good health at 65.” President Macron’s 2020 pension scheme consisted in merging the 42 existing pensions schemes into one for the sake of equality. With France’s ageing population, the system is meant to keep a balance of inputs from active workers and outputs, so that pensioners can benefit from a decent pension. In the new system, Mr Macron pushes up the retirement age to 65 years old, except for the most strenuous careers – especially in construction jobs. That means a worker would need to work until 65 to get a full pension. In April, Macron promised on French broadcaster BFM TV that, if elected, he would index pensions to inflation from July 1. With the inflation skyrocketing, hikes in energy prices and goods have pushed France into a cost-of-living crisis. Macron’s finance minister clarified pensions could increase by 4 percent but added that the increase “will depend on inflation figures in the coming weeks.” France registered a 4.5 percent inflation rate in March, according to the National Institute of Statistics and Economic Studies. READ MORE: Angry holidaymakers return to find their cars abandoned in muddy fields with missing keys Mr Olivier added: “And that (raising retirement age) will obviously penalise him for the votes from the left.” Experts say the left electorate is key to winning the French election. Far-left presidential hopeful Jean-Luc Mélenchon lost the first round with 22 percent of the votes – a non-negligible electorate that both President Macron and Ms Le Pen are trying to tap into ahead of the second round. During the first round, French candidate Mélenchon promised to lower the retirement age to 60 – a widely popular measure among leftist voters. By raising the retirement age, Mr Macron risks losing a part of the left electoral base. DON'T MISS: Camilla beaming as Duchess and Charles step out at Royal Maundy Service in Queen's absence [LIVE]‘That bike needs crushing’ Mother furious at rider parked in parents-only space at Aldi [REPORT]Customer claims English speakers charged extra for food but Greggs explain why [REPORT]  “And so, he's trying to patch up his system, but I think there's a profoundly anti-social vision behind Macron”, added Mr Olivier. Mr Olivier concluded: “If Mr Macron is re-elected, it will be an anti-social steamroller.” Marine Le Pen wants to keep the retirement age at 62 and bring it down to 60 for those who started working before age 20.