The Royal Family Twitter account, which represents the sovereign and all the working royals who don't have their own personal social media handle, paid a subtle tribute to Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William on a very special day for the couple. The social media account did mark the 11th wedding anniversary of the royal couple. However, rather than publishing a new post, it retweeted a message shared by Westminster Abbey's Twitter account. The post penned by the Abbey's social media team read: "Wishing The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge a very happy wedding anniversary today! "Their Royal Highnesses were married in the Abbey #onthisday in 2011." As noted in this tweet, Kate and Prince William tied the knot on April 29 2011 at Westminster Abbey, in front of nearly 1,900 guests. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Among them, there were the Queen and her husband Prince Philip. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge normally celebrate their special day privately. Last year, to mark their first decade as a married couple, Kensington Palace released two new portraits which mirrored the photographs taken in 2010 to announce the couple's engagement. READ MORE: Dr Shola savaged after claiming royal Caribbean tour ‘failed’ Moreover, Kate and William also released a clip filmed on a beach near their Norfolk home. In the video, the loved-up pair can be seen sitting in front of a campfire, roasting marshmallows with their three children and running around with them on the beach. The Duke and Duchess met at St Andrews University in 2001, when they were both studying for an Art History bachelor's degree. The pair did not immediately start to date but, rather, struck a close friendship which lasted for several months before the romance blossomed. During their four-year-long studies, Prince William and Kate moved in together, with the Duke enjoying a life as normal as possible thanks to the media blackout agreed upon between British journalists and Buckingham Palace. The couple's love story was brought to a halt in 2007, when they split for a few weeks. Kate touched upon the time they spent apart during the interview with broadcaster Tom Bradby the Cambridges recorded as part of their engagement announcement. The Duchess said: "I think at the time I wasn’t very happy about it, but actually it made me a stronger person. "You find out things about yourself that maybe you hadn’t realised. "I think you can get quite consumed by a relationship when you’re younger. "I really valued that time for me as well, although I didn’t think it at the time!" Following their nuptials in 2011, Kate and William didn't immediately take on royal duties on a full-time basis, as the Duke was a member of the RAF Search & Rescue team based in Anglesey. Kate and William later relocated to Anmer Hall, their home in Sandringham gifted by the Queen, with their firstborn Prince George, as the Duke moved on in his career to become an air ambulance pilot. He eventually relinquished his role at the East Anglian Air Ambulance in the summer of 2017, when he started serving the Crown full time. The Duke and Duchess have grown more prominent within the Royal Family in recent years, and are now preparing for their future roles as Prince and Princess of Wales first and King and Queen Consort later, following the end of the reign of Prince Charles.