The transport operator for the capital has budgeted £800,000 for the provision of Covid advertising for the rest of the financial year, until March 2023. All Covid restrictions ended on February 24, the same day Mayor Sadiq Khan dropped the requirement for face masks on London transport, in favour of a strong recommendation to wear one instead. The now unnecessary expenditure has sparked outrage, with campaigners voicing their anger that “huge amounts” of funding was being wasted on “pointless pandemic posters”. The admission comes as the travel network is attempting to plug an estimated £1.1billion funding gap for this year, according to recent documents. TfL received taxpayer-funded grants and loans during the coronavirus pandemic, to keep the operator open as passenger footfall dropped by 95 percent during the initial lockdown. However, the funding was only secured with concessions, including member of the Department of Transport attending TfL board meetings, and a commitment to budget cuts. TfL has said it has now moved to a “managed decline” scenario, in which no newly funded capital works will take place, leaving many expected improvement works in the lurch. READ MORE: Sadiq Khan savaged over London Underground strike - 'Do nothing mayor' Between January 27 – when the Government lifted “Plan B” restrictions as concerns over the Omicron variant abated – and March 31 this year, the transport operator spent £103,236 on “artwork, adapts, prints and posting costs for marketing posters” on face coverings and Covid measures. In addition, according to a Freedom of Information request, TfL has budgeted £800,000 for “all associated costs” with the Covid signage from April this year to March 2023. The London travel network said it had not spent any money on advertising space as it had made use of TfL-owned or un-booked commercial poster sites which it is able to access free of charge. TfL also said it had not spent any funds on stickers or signs, as Underground stations had been issued with whiteboard posters that “are at no cost as they are produced in-house and printed locally at stations”. Reacting to the revelations, a spokesperson for the Taxpayers’ Alliance accused TfL of wasting money while the organisation was in dire financial straits. Danielle Boxall, the group’s media campaign manager, said: “TfL’s finances are clearly off the rails. “Despite yet another bailout, the organisation continues to waste huge amounts of money on pointless pandemic posters. “With the pandemic behind us, London's transport bosses must put a stop to all unnecessary Covid spending and start delivering better value for money.” DON'T MISS Brexit: Major shock as EU imports fall by a quarter [ANALYSIS] Lavrov fires chilling threat to US 'Make sure New York NEVER forgets' [REPORT] Emmanuel Macron SNUBS Boris! President speaks to Biden but not PM [INSIGHT] When asked to comment, a TfL spokesperson said: “Since May 2021, we have been working hard to encourage people back onto public transport to support London's recovery. A key part of this has been reassuring customers of the cleanliness, safety and reliability of our services. “This spending was for previous customer information campaigns on the requirement to wear face coverings on the transport network, as well as materials about the cleanliness and safety of the public transport network. “The budget also allows for spend should there be any changes in national policy within the next financial year that would require additional customer communication. Should less spend ultimately be required, it will be reinvested where needed.” The Department for Transport declined to comment, however Express.co.uk understands that though the legal requirement to wear face masks on public transport has gone, the Government would prefer passengers to continue to follow the individual rules of transport operators.   Before the pandemic, TfL had an operating deficit of just £300million in 2019/20 and was on track to have a surplus by 2022, “predicated on continued growth of passenger revenue”, it said. As part of the agreement with the Department for Transport for emergency funding, the Mayor and TfL “must raise an additional £500m-£1bn per year from 2023/24”. On top of this, TfL must decarbonise by 2030 to be in line with Mayoral and Government climate change policy, it said.  According to a February budget update by the TfL board, the transport network was facing a revised shortfall of £1.1billion for the year.  It will receive £200million in Government grants from Friday (April 29) for the next three months, with funding for the remainder of the year to be determined. The TfL board said that a network in “decline”, as it now was, entailed “ageing assets that will fail more regularly”, “significantly worse performance on the road network” and the risk of major bridges or tunnels around London being closed.  The board also warned of a risk of “major asset reliability issues” on the Tube, which could cause “multi-day closures”, adding: “Without long-term funding certainty we risk significant disruption due to asset restrictions and closures, which will stifle the economic recovery and increase whole-life costs.” It noted that the Plan B measured themselves had impacted on the service’s recovery from the pandemic, with demand falling to 20 percent below the expected levels for the end of 2021, to 62 percent. This was followed by a further decline to 44 percent in the week of Christmas.