Calling themselves Just Stop Oil, these activists are blockading key oil depots, ensuring that an estimated 1,200 petrol stations are short of fuel, making life even more difficult for the predicted 21.5 million motorists choosing Easter home vacations rather than enduring long queues at airports. Surely that would be the more environmentally friendly choice, but nothing makes sense in the crazy world of eco-campaigners. At one point tunnelling under a road to reach the Kingsbury oil depot, they risked causing environmental damage or a potentially catastrophic fuel leak. Many of them are privileged, middle-class campaigners who are well practised in causing disruption to working people. One Anglican cleric protester claimed he was "trying to protect our families and our loved ones from the appalling future that stands before them". Really? In reality, the more immediate appalling future we all face is rocketing energy bills that mean more and more families are facing the awful choice of heating or eating. The catastrophe so often predicted by environmentalists is like nothing compared to a nation brought to its knees by unaffordable energy wrecking industry, costing jobs and impoverishing families. Being mainly Left-leaning anti-capitalists, they are Putin's useful eco-idiots who have intimidated the Government into banning fracking just when shale gas could have acted as a plentiful, cheaper energy stepping stone until renewable power is fully functioning. Moscow's tyrant is laughing all the way to the bank as every energy own goal committed by theWest ensures we are ever more dependent on Russian oil and gas. Undoubtedly, it was Boris's keen commitment to net zero at COP26 last year that encouraged Putin to view the West as energy vulnerable and unable to halt his invasion of Ukraine. He got that wrong, thanks to the bravery of Ukrainians and Western nations belatedly coming on board to help them, but it shows the horrendous damage that can be done when Western governments choose to depend for their energy on foreign dictators. Putin must be further delighted that Britain's eco oil protesters are adding to the cost-of-living crisis that could do huge electoral damage to the Conservative government and Boris Johnson, the Western leader who has done most to rally international support against him. It has already cost a million pounds of taxpayers' money to police the oil depot protest and Essex Deputy Chief Constable Andy Prophet has called for fuel companies to fund their own security to protect their depots, yet another cost that will no doubt be loaded on to prices at the pumps.  It is time that Home Secretary Priti Patel stood up to these reckless protesters and took more urgent action. Even the usually net-zero zealot Labour Party is calling for nationwide injunctions. It is time too that the Conservative government stops pandering to the green agenda and recognises the damage that phenomenally expensive net-zero plans are causing our nation. Its new energy strategy based around nuclear reactors and more wind farms will take at least a decade to deliver before prices maybe start to fall. In the meantime, more costly energy triggers inflation that will reach 10 per cent by the end of the year, hurting older generations living on fixed incomes. Self-made British industrial billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe is offering to drill a test fracking site to show it can be done safely. He says it is a "ridiculous situation with so much gas under our feet" and wants to invest in making Britain more energy independent. Yet it was eco-activists who initially stopped such a sensible exploration, backed up by influential Tories like Lord Goldsmith who saw it as an opportunity to pursue their own green ideology. Such eco-victories have only encouraged radical protesters such as Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion to be increasingly aggressive in their assault on our infrastructure. As Easter approaches, hardworking British families deserve to enjoy their first Covid-free holidays without the threat of queues for petrol and disrupted travel thanks to the selfish activities of eco-idiots doing more favours to Putin than the planet.  