Equity release is often used to plug a gap for people who might have a shortfall in their pension savings as they approach, or are already enjoying, their retirement. For many of us, our homes are our most valuable asset, and if you’ve owned it for a number of years, it’s likely to have increased in value and could mean you are sitting on a chunk of equity. The most popular form of equity release, a lifetime mortgage, also allows you to continue to own 100 percent of your home. If you’re a homeowner aged 55 or over, you could release from a minimum of £10,000 up to 58 percent of the value of your property. Every year thousands of homeowners aged 55 and over release tax-free money from their homes. According to figures from Age Partnership, the UK’s No1 equity release broker*, last year more than 36 percent of their customers used equity release to pay off their mortgage. This frees up money that would have otherwise gone on monthly repayments, to help support the rising cost of living or give them the retirement they deserve. With a growing range of flexible options and low rates, there are equity release plans available for a range of different personal circumstances. The money that you release is tax free and can be accessed as a lump sum or smaller instalments at a later date, and there are no requirements to make monthly repayments. You may be concerned about passing on debt to your family, but all equity release plans come with a no negative equity guarantee, which means that you can never pass on the debt to your estate, providing the property is sold for a reasonable amount. There are also plans that allow you to safeguard a percentage of your property value so that you can still pass on an inheritance to your loved ones. If you’re thinking about equity release but don’t know where to turn for advice, Express have teamed up with Age Partnership to offer an equity release service. Their equity release advisors will tell you everything you need to know about equity release and explore all your options to make sure it’s right for you. It’s important to note that equity release is not right for everyone, which is why you seek specialist advice. They will also explain the effect on the amount of inheritance you can leave and if your entitlement to means-tested benefits could be affected now or in the future. Find out more by requesting a free brochure. Through the Express equity release service, you will be provided with a free equity release quotation outlining what equity release could mean for you. You’re under no obligation to proceed with anything that is recommended to you. Only if you choose to proceed and your case completes would a typical fee of £1,795 be payable. What's involved? Equity release requires paying off any existing mortgage. It may involve a home reversion plan or a lifetime mortgage, which is secured against your property. Although there are no monthly repayments required with equity release, any money released, plus accrued interest, would be repaid upon death or moving into long-term care. To understand the features and risks, ask for a personalised illustration. * Based on the volume of plans from a panel of lenders Q1 2021 – Q3 2021 Correct at time of publication. The Express Equity Release service is provided by Age Partnership Limited, 2200 Century Way, Thorpe Park, Leeds LS15 8ZB. Company registered in England and Wales No. 5265969. VAT registration number 162 9355 92. Age Partnership Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. FCA registered number 425432 and is trading as Age Partnership. We offer a comprehensive range of equity release products from across the market.