Ms Truss has repeatedly called for a stronger stance against Putin’s atrocities as the invasion of Ukraine continues. Delivering a landmark message at a working dinner of NATO foreign ministers in Brussels, she said: “I am in Brussels talking to G7 NATO allies about how we can increase the support for Ukraine in the face of Russian aggression.  “We are delivering more sanctions, more weapons, and an end to the imports of Russian energy. “The age of engagement with Russia is over. It’s time for decisive action, time for a new approach to security in Europe based on resilience, defence and deterrence. “Not only to uphold the UK's sovereignty and freedoms, but also to protect sovereignty and freedom across the world for decades to come.” Speaking after the meeting in Brussels, Ms Truss said: “Putin has changed his tactics but not his intent. He wants a hold over the whole of Ukraine.”   The Foreign Secretary had earlier said the UK would be “stepping up” its supply of weapons but has not yet detailed what this would include. It comes as Prime Minister Boris Johnson said the UK would send another £30m to Poland to help ensure vital supplies reach those fleeing Ukraine. Meeting with his Polish counterpart in Downing Street earlier, he said it was an important moment to launch a “proper thoroughgoing security defence partnership”. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said allies were “ready to do more” to provide military equipment but did not go into specifics. READ MORE: UK's plan to move Trident abroad if Scotland becomes independent  Ukraine Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba, also speaking at the NATO meeting, said help was needed in “days not weeks” if it was to avoid coming too late. Meanwhile, Russia has warned that “pumping weapons into Ukraine” will have a “negative effect” on peace talks. Ukraine is not a part of NATO but has been receiving military aid from its members. More than 30 countries, including the UK, have provided military aid, including €1bn (£800m) from the EU and $1.7bn (£1.3bn) from the US. DON'T MISS:BBC Question Time: Not her again! Viewers in uproarLiz Truss calls West to ‘stand collectively’ against PutinPutin’s focus may now turn to Donbas, says retired air vice-marshal So far Western supplies have been limited to arms, ammunition and defensive equipment, such as anti-tank and anti-aircraft missile systems. NATO members fear that supplying Ukraine with heavier offensive equipment such as tanks and fighter jets could lead to direct open conflict between Russia and the alliance. 