Manchester City ace Gabriel Jesus has admitted he’s no Sergio Aguero as the Citizens step up their pursuit of Borussia Dortmund forward Erling Haaland. Aguero bagged 260 goals during a 10-year spell at the Etihad Stadium before departing last summer to join Barcelona. But the former Argentina international was forced to retire earlier this season due to heart issues. Jesus joined City in 2017 after the Premier League giants shelled out £27million to sign him from Palmeiras. And after finding the back of the net seven times in his first 10 Premier League matches, he was regarded by many as Aguero’s natural successor. But the 25-year-old hasn’t been able to provide the same goalscoring threat as Aguero managed during his time in the north west and has increasingly been utilised on the wing rather than through the middle of City’s attack. He now struggles to command a regular starting place but has insisted he can help his side in a different way to Aguero. “I’ve said before, I’m not Aguero but I know I can help my team,” Jesus said after helping his side thrash Watford 5-1 on Saturday afternoon. “Aguero is a legend, one of the best players in Manchester City’s history - but I try to help as well.” READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick slams three decisions after Arsenal defeat  Jesus produced one of his finest ever performances in a City shirt against Watford as he bagged four goals and an assist to condemn Roy Hodgson’s side to their 23rd league defeat of the season. The Brazil international took just four minutes to open the scoring as he turned in Oleksandr Zinchenko's ball across the box, before heading home Kevin de Bruyne’s pinpoint cross midway through the first half. The ace then teed-up Rodri for a third after Hassane Kamara had pulled a goal back for the visitors. He completed his hat-trick from the penalty spot four minutes after the interval after being brought down by away goalkeeper Ben Foster. And he wrapped-up the game moments later as De Bruyne turned provider again. DON'T MISS Tottenham 'line up Gareth Bale return along with five signings' Erik ten Hag makes stance on Man Utd selling Marcus Rashford clear Mikel Arteta needs to 'make a change' for Saliba to snub transfer     Jesus appears to be hitting top form at the right time of the season. But his comments suggest City boss Pep Guardiola won’t be able to rely on the Brazilian to become his main man in front of goal. And that could pave the way for Haaland to join the club. Haaland has established himself as arguably the most sought-after striker on the planet thanks to his scintillating performances for Dortmund. Since moving to Germany in 2020, the Norway international has struck 82 times in 86 matches. But the 21-year-old can leave his current club this summer if a rival team stump-up his £64million release clause. And City now appear to be the frontrunners to land him. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 