The competition is heating up in the Masterchef kitchen yet again as this year’s series heads into the semi-final on BBC One. With Eddie, Pookie and Olayemi all on starter duties, John Torode was forced to issue a tough telling-off when Pookie served up her first order too early. BBC viewers were shocked after John told Pookie she had dropped the other contestants “in the s**t” during the Masterchef semi-finals. Just 10 contestants are remaining in the competition, and tensions in the kitchen were running high. However, fans certainly weren’t expecting Masterchef’s long-standing judge to drop a strong expletive before the 9pm watershed. @henweb asked: “Are we saying ‘s**t’ at 8.25 on BBC1 these days then…? That’s new…” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy @chappd4pleasure said: “John doesn't want their food dropped in the s**t. Pretty sure he just said that…” Hugh Smithson-Wright added an angry face, tweeting: “Er...are you allowed to say ‘Drop them in the s**t’ before 9pm, as John just did?” Fan-favourite contestant Pookie was serving up a characteristically experimental dish called My Bird’s Nest. This week, they were serving some former Masterchef contestants who returned to the show to check out the next generation of amateur cooks. For her quirky starter, Pookie put her own spin on a traditional Thai chicken dish, served with blue rice in an eggshell. Unfortunately, she didn’t realise she was throwing the other chefs under the bus when she served up the bird’s nest without communicating what she was doing. John grew impatient as he told her to take her food back to her station while she waited for Eddie and Olayemi to finish up their first course. “Pookie, you need to talk to them,” he told her. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul fans devastated by 'gut-wrenching' Nacho death [REACTION]The Rookie spin-off dealt huge boost after backdoor pilot [LATEST]Moon Knight boss explains reason behind missing MCU connections [INTERVIEW] “Go back and tell them you put your plate on the pass and tell them. Because you just what’s commonly known as dropped them in the s**t.” Pookie’s premature serving put pressure on the other contestants, who still had minutes of preparation to go before their food was ready to go out. When Eddie admitted he had three minutes left to go on his fish, John reiterated: “Pookie, I’m going to need you to take that back, sorry.” Although John was apologetic, fans of the series were nevertheless rather taken aback to see the TV presenter swearing so early in the evening. Gill Hayward said: “You've just what's commonly known as dropping them in the s**t. Calm down John. Was that really necessary?” And Stacy Vigor tweeted: “Came here to see who else noticed the pre-watershed swear up. I wasn't disappointed.” Although Keri Warbis clearly saw the humour in the situation, writing: “Did John just say ‘s**t’? Excellent.” Thankfully, this week’s special guests were more than pleased with their food, though fans will have to tune in to the episode themselves to find out who made it to the next stage of the competition. MasterChef continues on Friday at 8pm on BBC One.