The Samsung Galaxy A53 has only been out for a few weeks, with the latest phone from the South Korean tech giant launching at the start of April. The A53 costs almost half as much as the entry-level S22, but despite its budget price packs in plenty of features - the A53 has 5G support, a 120Hz AMOLED display as well as a quad-rear camera. If that wasn't enough, Samsung has made the A53 even better value for money by throwing in a pair of wireless buds worth £139. Right now if you purchase a Galaxy A53 5G you'll get the Galaxy Buds Live thrown in entirely for free. If you want to pick up this extra freebie you need to act quick as this deal is only running until April 22. The Samsung website is also offering interest free payments on the Galaxy A53 5G to help you spread out the costs for the budget device. The Android phone can be purchased with 36 monthly payments of just over £11.  Still not convinced? Well, one of the best things about purchasing a 2022 Samsung smartphone is the level of software support. In the past Android phones were known for offering a paltry level of software support compared to Apple's iOS devices. For many years now iPhones have offered five to six years worth of OS and security updates, whereas Android devices in the past received a maximum of three years. Thankfully, this is no longer the case - with Samsung helping to lead this charge.  Earlier this year Samsung announced it was building on previous update pledges to now offer four years worth of OS updates and five years worth of security patches on a variety of smartphones. Phones that benefits from this include the Galaxy S22 series flagship range released in 2022 as well as the Z phones (i.e Z Fold3 and Z Flip3) released last year. And the budget A53 also benefits from this update pledge, meaning it will be capable of being upgraded all the way through till Android 16 and receive security patches until 2027. The Samsung Galaxy A53 5G boasts a 6.5inch screen, a huge 5,000mAh battery that can give you two days worth of battery life, IP67 water and dust resistance and features a microSD slot so you can expand upon the 128GB of internal storage. 