High blood pressure is a common condition that affects more than a quarter of all adults in the UK. But you could lower your risk of developing hypertension by simply dancing at home, it's been claimed. High blood pressure - which is also known as hypertension - puts extra stress on blood vessels and vital organs. The condition could lead to some deadly complications, including strokes and heart attacks. It could be caused by eating an unhealthy diet, or by not doing enough exercise. One of the best activities to protect against high blood pressure is dancing, it's been claimed. READ MORE: Managing high blood pressure: Eat 'richly coloured' vegetables Dancing is an aerobic activity that is ideal to lower your blood pressure, according to charity Blood Pressure UK. Aerobic exercises include those that use rhythmic movements, and use a number of muscles throughout the body. They're particularly helpful in protecting the heart and blood vessels. As well as dancing, other types of aerobic activity include jogging and swimming. "Different kinds of exercise and activity have different effects on your body," said the charity. "If you have high blood pressure, you should try to focus on activities that will help your heart and blood vessels. Aerobic activity is the type that helps your heart the most. "Aerobic activities are repetitive and rhythmic movements [exercises], and they use the large muscle groups of your body, such as those in your legs, shoulders and arms. "Walking, jogging, swimming, dancing and digging are all aerobic activities." DON'T MISSHigh blood pressure: Having a pet could lower your reading [RESEARCH]Pfizer recalls high blood pressure drug due to cancer risk [LATEST]High blood pressure: Kimchi hailed for probiotic [ANALYSIS] However, there are some exercises that you should avoid if you have high blood pressure, it added. Some activities cause sudden spikes in blood pressure, including weight lifting and sprinting. You should speak to a doctor before deciding to make any major changes to your workout routine, if you have hypertension. Meanwhile, making some small dietary changes could also lower your risk of hypertension. For example, yoghurt, beetroot and bananas have all been claimed to lower your blood pressure. High blood pressure is often known as ‘the silent killer’, because symptoms only tend to reveal themselves if you have extremely high blood pressure. The most common high blood pressure symptoms include a pounding in your chest, finding blood in your urine, and severe headaches. It’s crucial that all adults over 40 years old check their blood pressure at least once every five years. You can check your blood pressure by visiting your local doctors’ surgery or pharmacy.