NBC’s most recent procedural spin-off series Law and Order: Organized Crime has taken fans by storm after it premiered with Elliot Stabler’s (played by Christopher Meloni) return in 2021. As one of the few couples on the show, actor Wesam Keesh opened up about his on-screen kiss with Detective Jet after it caused a fan frenzy on social media.  In the episode titled ‘Wheatley is to Stabler’, viewers watched in awe as Adam ‘Malachi’ Mintock and Detective Jet Slootmaekers (Ainsley Seiger) shared a passionate kiss. With less than a handful of romances on the show, fans were excited to see the series explore the characters’ personal lives alongside their professional ones. The kiss was the result of months of flirting after the two first met in episode two. Malachi was a renowned hacker who had begun working for the Organized Crime Control Bureau.  READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... Although he appeared to find love in the division, he was really there as punishment for creating technology to help criminals. After he was arrested, Malachi only wanted to speak to Jet during questioning and had since begun to flirt with her non-stop. Though she ignored it at first, he eventually gained her respect when he was able to hack into every criminal organisation in New York. While he was impressed with Jet’s dark humour which had him charmed from the moment they met.  This eventually led to their steamy kiss which occurred while they attempted to save New York from a complete blackout. Sharing his reaction to the kiss Keesh shared: “I was happy about it because it's satisfying when you see two characters on TV or in a story, and you know there's a spark between them. “And the spark was obviously great enough where they couldn't hold back anymore in order to express themselves — a little bit physically which is OK.” The two actors had even shared some funny back and forth on Twitter and revealed some behind the scenes info about the kiss.  DON'T MISS...Law and Order's Christopher Meloni shares reason for shows name change [INSIGHT]Law and Order fans 'fume' as new NBC crime drama missing from slot [REACTION] Law and Order SVU season 23: Garland’s return confirmed [INSIGHT] Seiger tweeted: “I wish I had a video of [Wesam Keesh] and I doing shots of Listerine in an alley before we shot this scene. “So I tend to follow most of Covid protocols, OK, I'm not perfect. However, I thought it was a little ridiculous that we were offered Listerine. "I don't know if it's just for Covid or if it's just in general, but I took it kind of hesitantly and I was like, 'This is so weird,' because we took one like shot of it and then we go into an alleyway and then we're gargling in front of each other, and I just spit out.” She added: “I'm like this is so bizarre, I'm not doing this. ... We brushed our teeth, we — Listerine — we had gum, so all the bases were covered.”  The kiss also seemed to impress fans, as they had given the two characters a combined couple name called Jalachi. In his interview with Today.com Keesh continued: “Maybe Ainsley's character brings up she's had to have gun training and stuff like that, and I'm like, 'Oh, I've never shot a gun before,’” He added: “And so maybe she takes me to the shooting range.” Law and Order: OC is available in the US on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be confirmed. 