Angela Kelly, the Queen's dressmaker and one of her closest confidantes revealed in her new book, The Other Side of the Coin, The Queen, the Dresser and the Wardrobe, how the pets always "brought a smile to everyone's faces". Ms Kelly added that two of the Queen's newest dogs Muick and Sandy were a "constant joy" for her during lockdown. She said: "I was worried they would get under The Queen's feet, but they have turned out to be a godsend.  "They are beautiful and great fun and The Queen often takes long walks with them in Home Park." Ms Kelly whose official title is Her Majesty's Personal Advisor and Curator (The Queen's Jewellery, Insignias and Wardrobe), isolated with her Majesty at Windsor Castle during lockdown. The Queen has owned corgis for her entire adult life, with the first, a puppy named Susan being given to her by her father King George VI on her 18th birthday. In February 2021, the Queen was gifted two new puppies, a corgi, Muick and a Dorgi, Fergus, by her son the Duke of York and his daughters, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie.  The puppies were given to the Queen to keep her company whilst her husband Prince Philip was in the hospital. However, sadly, Fergus died just three months after he was given to the Queen. In June 2021, Prince Andrew and his daughters gave the Queen another corgi, named Sandy, to keep Muick company. The Queen also has an elderly dorgi ( A cross between a dachshund and a corgi) called Candy, who recently appeared in footage of the monarch looking at items from previous jubilee celebrations.  In her book, Ms Kelly describes Muick and Sandy's first royal flight, when the Queen flew to Balmoral in August 202. She said: "They were very well behaved, with Louis the footman on hand. Candy, who is an old hand at flying – she must have been on hundreds of flights in her lifetime – ambled about and kept her eye on the young pups. "The puppies stayed close to The Queen but occasionally sniffed around your feet as they hoped for a nibble of something tasty from our lunch." Hello! magazine, which features the full extract from Angela Kelly's updated edition of The Other Side of the Coin is out now. 