Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has revealed that Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick once gave him some bizarre advice when he played under his compatriot at Ulm. Tuchel played for the German club for four years, with Rangnick taking charge for the last 18 months of that spell. “He told us we didn't need to follow our striker when he goes to the toilet and we can defend as a back four and defend spaces and brought big success to the little club where we played,” Tuchel said ahead of Chelsea’s Premier League clash with the Red Devils on Thursday. Tuchel’s playing career was cut short by a serious knee injury at the age of 24 before he was given a pathway into coaching by his former mentor when Rangnick employed him as an under-15s coach. The ex-defender had been working at a bar after being forced to hang up his boots. The duo are preparing to go head-to-head for the first time since Rangnick took the helm at Old Trafford last autumn. And Tuchel admits he is looking forward to seeing his former boss again. MUST READ: Man City player ratings vs Real Madrid in the Champions League   “When he managed Stuttgart he opened the door for me to the academy,” the German continued. “From there I tried to be the best possible and of course he had his fantastic record in Germany to bring clubs to the very highest level and to build club from scratch. It is nice to see him - we will maybe have time for a chat, five minutes. But contact is not on a daily or weekly basis.” Chelsea took one step closer to securing a top-four finish on Sunday after they defeated West Ham 1-0 courtesy of a last-minute goal from Christian Pulisic. And Tuchel insists he will accept nothing less than a win at Old Trafford. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag     “It's always a good time for a win no matter if you won the last match or not,” the 48-year-old added. “It just shows it is not easy and you can get these streaks. With all the respect that we have for the history and the occasion and the quality in general of Man Utd, we will prepare to win this match and then we will see what questions are asked. “It is not so much now or never because they are struggling with results recently. We try to prepare in the best way possible and to win the match tomorrow. For me as a football fan and fan of the Premier League, it is a big match.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here