Samantha Markle was interviewed on LBC by Nick Ferrari on Friday's show. During the bizarre interview, the host asked Samantha what she would say if she had "the opportunity" to speak to Meghan Markle "face-to-face". The older half-sister of Meghan Markle said: "There's so much water under the bridge. "I think when you have PR that suggests you posit positive change in the world and humanitarianism, your actions have to meet those words. "I think the world, in my opinion, has witnessed just the opposite of that". She added: "I would suggest a good hard long look in the mirror and really asking if you are true to what your PR is painting you out to be. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry accused of 'trading in royal intimacies' after latest interview "If you are sincere and present in the moment as a human being with a modicum of compassion and dignity and integrity and gratitude. Samantha concluded: "It's really not there and it's kind of sad because it takes just as much time to be good to people and to be honest as it does to be deceitful and hurtful". Samantha is the older half-sister of the Duchess of Sussex and the daughter of Thomas Markle Sr, Meghan's father. Since the couple's exit from the Royal Family, Samantha and Meghan's father have spoken out about the former senior royal. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry's secret plans for UK return - 'desperate' for Lilibet meeting In March 2021, Prince Harry and Meghan sat down with Oprah Winfrey for a much-anticipated televised interview. Samantha reportedly disliked the interview and according to The Daily Mail, she said that she didn't care that Meghan was depressed as she felt that the Duchess had treated her really poorly. At the time, Samantha said that depression is "not an excuse for treating people like dishrags and disposing of them." Samantha's "tell-all" book The Diary of Princess Pushy’s Sister was released last year. DON'T MISS: During the Sussexes interview with Oprah, Meghan, when asked about the book, said: “I think it would be hard to ‘tell all’ when you don’t know me. Meghan also claimed that she was raised as an "only child" and that she hadn't seen her half-sister in nearly 20 years. Samantha later hit back at Meghan's comments and claims the two have photos together, including at Samantha's graduation in 2008. Meghan and Prince Harry currently reside in the US with their two children, two-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet, who is 10 months. At present, Prince Harry is in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. Meghan joined her husband for the first few days before travelling home to the US. The two children did not join them on their European visit.