A person’s breakfast sets the stage for the rest of their day and even possibly the rest of their lives. From rising blood sugars, cholesterol levels and cardiovascular diseases, certain foods are synonymous with associated health risks. With this in mind, what are some of the worst types of breakfast foods impacting not only your overall health but your longevity too and when is the best time to eat it? Poor diet is responsible for more deaths globally than any other health risk, including using tobacco, as per a study published in ​The Lancet​​. Numerous other studies have also shown that diet can increase lifespan. In fact, research has found that eating healthier could extend lifespan by six to seven years in middle-aged age adults, and in young adults, could increase lifespan by about ten years. The leading dietary risk factors for mortality are diets high in sodium, low in whole grains, low in fruit, low in nuts and seeds, low in vegetables and low in omega-3 fats. READ MORE: Covid: MHRA approves new Covid vaccine Valneva – 'less reactogenic' than AstraZeneca Breakfast is already said to be the most important meal of the day – but experts now believe that eating it at the crack of dawn could help you live longer, too. Consuming your breakfast meal at 7am could boost your life expectancy. But waiting until 10am could put you in an early grave, according to research. DON'T MISSB12 deficiency: Three signs of 'damage' in your feet [ADVICE]Supplements: Four supplements linked to emergency visits [INSIGHT]Stroke: Signs you should ignore - warning [TIPS] Researchers from City University of New York tracked more than 34,000 Americans aged over 40 for several decades. Participants recorded eating times and scientists matched these with death rates over the course of the study. The results, published in the Journal of Nutrition, showed those breakfasting between 6am and 7am were six percent less likely to die prematurely from major illnesses such as heart disease or cancer than those who regularly had breakfast at 8am, and 12 percent less at risk of early death than others who first ate at 10am. Researchers also noted that those who ate breakfast later showed the body gradually making less insulin and increasing blood glucose levels– leading to diabetes, obesity and heart disease. In terms of the worst types of food to consume for breakfast, added sugars should be avoided. These included: Dietician Sarah Elder said: “The body uses a lot of energy stores for growth and repair through the night. "Eating a balanced breakfast helps to up our energy, as well as protein and calcium used throughout the night." Breakfast therefore is part of the body’s recovery from all the recovering which took place the previous evening. Eating the right kind of breakfast at the right time of the day helped to balance hormones and blood sugar levels, providing us with enough energy throughout the day.