The race is on to find the newest star to take over the coveted role of Doctor Who. Jodie Whittaker only has a few more outings before she officially leaves the Tardis and its motley crew. According to leading bookmaker Coral, she could be replaced by another female Doctor. Jodie made history as the first woman to helm the role by becoming the 13th Doctor back in 2017, and it looks like she might not be the last to do so.  The long-running BBC sci-fi show is getting close to its 60th anniversary next year, which has caused many fans to guess that some of the show's previous Doctors may make some form of a comeback, either in the last outings of this season or next year. Until recently, former Time Lord David Tennant has been a leading name to return. However, another star is climbing the ladder to appear after the regeneration. Bookies Coral has revealed that It's A Sin actress Lydia West is becoming a fan-favourite with her odds "slashed in half" to 2-1 from 4-1. Read More: Piers Morgan in fresh attack on ITV day before return: 'They lost their bottle' The 28-year-old has appeared in popular shows such as Years and Years and Apple TV+'s Suspicion and has many credentials to back her up for taking on such an iconic role. Coral's John Hill said: "Many punters feel that the first-ever female Doctor Who will be replaced by another British actress, as we have seen strong support for Lydia West in the last 24 hours. "Our betting is suggesting it will be a two-horse race for the role between David Tennant and Lydia West." Russell T. Davies is returning to Doctor Who, having previously worked on it as a showrunner, and some fans believe this also hints at Lydia taking on the role.   The award-winning British television drama It's a Sin was written and created by Russell, and Lydia won rave reviews for her portrayal of Jill Baxter. Jodie's most recent outing as the Doctor in Legend of the Sea Devils marks her penultimate experience as the Time Lord. Following a dramatic season 13 finale, Doctor released a New Year's special followed by the Easter time travel adventure and one more special to land in the Autumn. The final episodes are a trio of specials culminating in a blockbuster episode forming part of the BBC's Centenary celebrations. DON’T MISS…Prince Charles ‘at end of tether’ with Harry and ‘was not happy’ about meeting with Queen [LATEST]Nicole Scherzinger sparks backlash over reaction to Rudy Giuliani on The Masked Singer [LATEST]‘Throw him over the balcony!’ Eamonn Holmes savages Harry after ‘protecting’ Queen remark [LATEST] Showrunner Chris Chibnall who is also leaving at the same time as Jodie, told inews: "For the BBC's Centenary, we'll be celebrating the past, present and future of Doctor Who, in a fittingly thrilling, epic and emotional send-off for the Thirteenth Doctor." David Tennant is at odds 2-1 to return, and having been the tenth Doctor, he is no stranger to the regeneration process. Spokesperson John added: "It has been 12 years now since David Tennant left the iconic role of Doctor Who. "Many punters believe he is set for a sensational return, replacing Jodie Whittaker."   Fellow Channel 4 It's A Sin actor Omari Douglas is also in the running at odds 5-1. Dangerous Liaisons actor Fisayo Akinade is at odds of 6-1, with Sex Education star Rakhee Thakrar is at 8-1. EastEnders veteran Danny Dyer is also in the mix with odds of 10-1, and with the star leaving Walford soon, it could be the perfect fit. Doctor Who: Legend of the Sea Devils is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.    