Vanessa (played by Michelle Hardwick) wasn't looking for love when her relationships with Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) and most recently, Fiona Murphy (Yemisi Oyinloye), came to an end. When she first bumped into Suzy (Martelle Edinborough) a few weeks ago in the Emmerdale village, she thought they were going to be enemies rather than lovers but she has been pleasantly surprised by her blossoming romance. However, this week, viewers will see Suzy is hiding secrets for Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi) but she might also have something to do with Jordan (Jack Parr), a new villager who will appear on screen for the first time in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap. Jordan will firstly be involved with Ethan Anderson (Emile John) as the lawyer takes him on as a new client with the pair meeting at the police station when the newcomer is arrested on suspicion of assault. The hotshot solicitor agrees to take on the case but doesn't realise at the time Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle) is the victim. It seems this will be a big new storyline taking centre stage in the village but Jordan might already have connections to the Dales. This is because his wife could be fellow newcomer Suzy and Vanessa could be none the wiser about the fact she is dating a married woman. Leyla could very well know this information and this is why she could be so stunned to see Suzy starting a new romance. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge Although Leyla might want to tell Vanessa about her new love interest's secret, Suzy also has ammunition on the businesswoman to ensure she keeps quiet. This means it will be up to Vanessa to discover the truth herself and when she does, she will hit self-destruct as she has become the other woman. From the breakdown of her past two relationships, she has been the person who has been cheated on but this time, she would be an accomplice to an affair. Vanessa could lose it with Suzy, telling her she never wants to see her again but her love interest could open up about why she wanted to leave her husband. She could explain he is a dangerous man and with the clock ticking on when he will find out about the affair, Suzy could tell Vanessa she is in big trouble, too. The actor who will play Jordan and former Peaky Blinders star, Jack, shared the news on Twitter on Monday evening with his followers. He retweeted an article in The Sun which revealed the star of the small screen had been cast in a new role. A source told the publication: "Jordan will arrive in the village in a shocking way and end up pitting neighbour against neighbour. "It’s going to be a dramatic storyline and take on a serious issue," they continued, hinting at the storyline involving Billy. But could producers have kept the secret he is also married to Suzy a secret until the episodes are broadcast? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT]Paige Sandhu health: Soap star on 'terrible' anxiety - symptoms [COMMENT]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT] The actress who plays Suzy, Martelle, spoke to Express.co.uk and other media to discuss her character in a little more detail. It seems there will be secrecy to the newcomer which viewers won't be able to put their finger on as she said: "They will be very shocked. "It’s going to be very good and that’s all I am going to say. "It could have the potential to ruin things from a place of honesty. But time will tell and we will see," she continued. Teasing more about her character in general, the soap star added: "Suzy is like a whirlwind of fun, she’s very confident and runs her own business." "She’s confident and gregarious and fun to be around. She doesn’t take any nonsense at the same time and she likes to get what she wants," Martelle continued. "She’s a really fun character to play so I’m looking forward to all the different stuff that’s coming up for her," she said, teasing yet again she could have more connections in the village. It could be Suzy and Jordan are going to become a new family in the Dales, bringing their young children along with them. This could mean there is more of a chance of Jordan finding out about his wife's affair and Vanessa would be terrified she and her son are going to end up dead. Will this storyline result in Vanessa's exit from the Dales as she knows she cannot stick around with Suzy living around the corner? Describing the moment she found out she got the role, Martelle said: "I literally dropped to my knees and let out a few expletives, as you do. "I was absolutely over the moon and overjoyed. What actor from Yorkshire doesn’t want to work on Emmerdale? I think it’s one of those dream jobs. "I am from Yorkshire and I live in Leeds and it’s just on my doorstep, it’s perfect! "My feet haven’t quite touched the ground yet, I’m still on this massive cloud high up in the sky, but it’s been going really, really good." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.