Spiders are creepy crawlies that many people are terrified of, but these eight-legged creatures are rarely harmful in the UK. While spider bites aren't uncommon, of the over 650 different species of spiders in the UK, just 12 are venomous enough to cause humans severe pain, according to AnimalWised. Rarely are the common brown house spiders a cause for concern when it comes to necrotic bites. Furthermore, most house spiders actually do your home a lot of good, and even protect it from other household pests. The majority of spiders in the UK won't hurt you and are rarely aggressive or dangerous. Though most are venomous for hunting purposes, this is often too weak to impact humans, and the smallest spider's fangs may not even be able to pierce human skin. READ MORE: Grass care: How to get rid of moss from your lawn using baking soda When writing for the Independent, entomologist Matt Bertone begged Britons not to kill spiders if they come across one in their property. He said: "I know it may be hard to convince you, but let me try: Don’t kill the next spider you see in your home. "Why? Because spiders are an important part of nature and our indoor ecosystem – as well as being fellow organisms in their own right." Spiders are natural predators of the bug world, capturing pests within your home that might otherwise be scuttling about, laying eggs and even leaving behind frass - the technical term for bug faeces. DON'T MISSWhat to do with daffodils after flowering - 5 key steps [EXPLAINER]Garden pests: How to ‘effectively’ get rid of ants ‘within a week’ [COMMENT]Will the housing market crash? Buyer hell continues [REPORT] Furthermore, spiders even go after some disease-carrying insects that you certainly don't want in your property. According to Family Handyman: "They go for those nasty indoor pests such as cockroaches, mosquitos, earwigs, and even clothing moths. "The more you keep daddy-long-legs around, the fewer mosquitos you’ll have floating around your home." Spiderwebs can be annoying, but these webs are where spiders' main source of food comes from - and also where they pick up other bothersome bugs you might want out of your abode. If a spider sets up a web in a corner of your home, there's a good chance that is a high traffic area for other critters. Spiders are also essential for the wider ecosystem, as they help to eliminate bugs that feast on crops. According to spider expert Norman Platnick from the American Museum of Natural History, there would be a "famine" without them. Many spiders live in secret in your home, so you wouldn't even know they were there. But, if you do spot one and really can't stand the thought of it, there are ways you can safely move the spider on without causing it any harm. Try capturing it with a jar and then release it outside. This way the spider will continue its role in the ecosystem elsewhere, preying on other bugs you likely don't want getting close to your front door.