Manchester United have reportedly made a bid of £67million for Benfica star Darwin Nunez. The Red Devils will need a new centre-forward this summer amid uncertainty over the futures of Cristiano Ronaldo, Marcus Rashford, Mason Greenwood, Edinson Cavani and Anthony Martial. But whether they’re successful in landing one of Europe’s hottest prospects remains to be seen. Manchester United have been heavily linked with Nunez in recent weeks, with the striker scoring 33 goals from 39 appearances this term. And, now, journalist Pedro Almeida has claimed the Red Devils have bid £67m for the player. It’s unclear whether Benfica will accept this offer but it appears United are now planning for the summer, especially with the appointment of Erik ten Hag already wrapped up. Nunez would be a good, exciting addition to their squad. And United’s track-record of signing players from the Primeira Liga suggests he’d be able to shine at Old Trafford. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings While Alex Telles and Marcos Rojo have been flops, the likes of Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes, Nani and Anderson did well during their time at the club. United will need a new striker this summer as they set their sights on a first Premier League title since 2013. Ronaldo has netted 23 goals across all competitions this term, despite the 37-year-old reaching the twilight years of his career. But there’s no guarantee he’ll hang around for another campaign, having never played in the Europa League or UEFA Conference League. Cavani will leave for free, 12 months after United had persuaded the Uruguay international into signing a new contract. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Greenwood remains unavailable following his arrest in January, with the striker suspended. And Martial is expected to be shown the door having never lived up to his potential following his arrival back in 2015. United had originally been intending to pursue Erling Haaland. But, after enduring a nightmare season, the Red Devils are no longer in a position to compete for the signature of the Borussia Dortmund star. Nunez would be a good alternative but United aren’t the only club being linked. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz West Ham wanted to land the 22-year-old in the January transfer window and the Hammers may return with a bid themselves, especially if they secure Champions League qualification. Chelsea could make a move with Romelu Lukaku struggling for form. Arsenal are admirers of Nunez, with the Gunners yet to sign a striker since the January departure of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. And Liverpool have been mooted as potential suitors, too. Speaking earlier this month, meanwhile, former United star Diego Forlan endorsed a move for Nunez this summer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "It's very good,” he said when asked about the form of the Uruguay international. “He scored goals in the Champions League against Liverpool in both games and ended the competition with several goals. He is always creating opportunities. "Maybe he arrives at Manchester United and adapts immediately, maybe he needs some time, as the style of play is different from the Portuguese. “But I think he has the level to play in the Premier League."