Britain's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden has confirmed that she's quit the music industry and has "dropped the mic" when it comes to making her own music. The star, 51, made the comments to BGT boss Simon Cowell as she said that she's "over" making another album, after bringing out her last album, Songs for My Heart, in 2020. The star made the comments ahead of the launch of Britain's Got Talent while speaking to Simon. When he asked his friend whether plans for another album were underway, Amanda revealed she's closed the door to the recording studio for good. She said: "No. I have dropped the mic. I’m over it." Songs from My Heart reached number two in the charts, only to be topped by The Vamps. READ MORE: Prince Harry in 'fit of pique' after royal snub says Loose Women star Her boss Simon was quick to take a dig at his colleague, joking that she only climbed so high in the charts as she bought most copies of her album herself. Simon quipped: "I heard there are a lot of your records in the garage." However, Amanda took the comment on the nose and quickly hit back. She replied: "That’s your trick. "He used to go and buy loads of records to try and get them to number one," she added. Following the end of her singing career, Amnda is set to return to the judging panel of the fifteenth series of BGT. The mother-of-two will no doubt send jaws-dropping across the nation in a risque outfit as has been her style on previous series. It comes as Amanda opened up on her plans to wear more daring outfits on this year’s Britain’s Got Talent, revealing she intends to don more rubber after her risque pink number wowed fans earlier this year. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears unveils 'small' baby bump as she models crop top [INSIGHT]Alison Hammond admits she got 'slated' for shouting at Meghan Markle [ANALYSIS]Amanda Owen shares sad news at Ravenseat as lamb dies [UPDATE] In the first episode of Britain’s Got Talent 22, Amanda wears a pink, tight-fitting latex midi dress, with puff shoulders and a square neckline. She judges the acts alongside Simon Cowell, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon. Speaking in a Q&A with Express.co.uk and other press, the mum-of-two revealed it was a rather sweaty affair. But that hasn’t put her off wearing the material in the future. “I am thinking - more rubber,” she explained. “I enjoyed wearing latex at the auditions, so I am thinking more latex, more sweating in the live [shows].” Her co-star Alesha responded: “You wear it well, babe!” Britain's Got Talent airs tomorrow at 8pm on ITV.