Scientists plan to further their quest to find extraterrestrial life by broadcasting the Earth’s location in outer space, along with nude pictures of a human man and woman. The Beacon in the Galaxy Project (BITG) reveals information about our solar system, human DNA and the Arecibo Radio Telescope.  The Telescope was used in the search for extraterrestrial life and in 1974, it transmitted a message to scout out any aliens. By sharing the Earth’s location, along with unsolicited nude images, the scientists appear to be disregarding the warnings issued by the theoretical physicist and director of research at the Centre for Theoretical Cosmology at the University of Cambridge, Stephen Hawking. In 2015, the renowned physicist warned against reaching out to alien life as scientists launched Breakthrough Listen, which was a $100million project that was aimed at looking for extraterrestrial life in space. Mr Hawking said: "If you look at history, contact between humans and less intelligent organisms have often been disastrous from their point of view, and encounters between civilisations with advanced versus primitive technologies have gone badly for the less advanced."  He also warned that aliens that discover the signal “might not see us [humans] as any more valuable than we see bacteria”. However, Jamilah Hah, a researcher involved in the BITG project, disagrees with Mr Hawking, noting that the benefits could outweigh the potential risks. She told Newsweek: "Stephen Hawking's quote is absolutely inspiring and my personal conclusion was that any species capable of understanding and interpreting our message will likely be equally if not more intelligent and wary of our existence. "Thus, as long as contact is approached with a clear sign of peace, it can be assumed that the hopeful possibilities and discoveries that come alongside communication outweigh the risk." READ MORE: Alien search handed boost after planet containing KEY chemical found The researchers have written the message in a binary code, which is a series of 0s and 1s, in an effort to use a language as universal as possible, Once the aliens decode the message, they would uncover a visual graphic of a human, along with as well as representations of our solar system, DNA, and the Arecibo telescope. Speaking to Newsweek, Matthew Chong, a physics and maths student at Cambridge University and co-author of a draft report outlining the project, said: "Extended from the 1974 Arecibo message and the 1999/2003 Cosmic Call, the main part of this BITG Message contains a new set of graphical information in the form of images and special 'alphabets' to represent numbers, elements, DNA, land, ocean, and human, etc., starting by an artificial header and footer that consists of prime numbers." In the 2016 film Stephen Hawking's Favourite Places, Mr Hawking "As I grow older I am more convinced than ever that we are not alone. "The Breakthrough Listen project will scan the nearest million stars for signs of life, but I know just the place to start looking. “One day we might receive a signal from a planet like Gliese 832c, but we should be wary of answering back."