Prince Harry and Meghan Markle recently attended the Invictus Games together in The Hauge, Netherlands. While Meghan has already travelling home to the US, Harry is still in the Netherlands, where the event is due to come to a close on Friday, April 22. The Duchess of Sussex took to the stage to introduce her husband in front of a crowd of veterans on April 17. As the Duke made his way to the stage, he was spotted looking visibly emotional at the Duchess' speech. Speaking on their podcast Royally Obsessed, hosts Rachel Bowie and Roberta Fiorito discussed Meghan's introduction and an "emotional" Prince Harry. Speaking on the latest episode, Ms Fiorito said: "It was so sweet, they had this kiss and then Harry was so emotional after that. "I don't think he knew what she was going to say to introduce him. "The fact that she obviously shouted out Archie and Lili on stage, it was really emotional." Ms Bowie added: "Their connection is powerful to watch. READ MORE: Prince Harry takes ‘direct shot’ at Palace to protect Meghan from Firm's ‘lacerations' "You really feel the true love that they share". The trip was the first time the couple have travelled overseas since their royal exit in 2020. It is also Meghan's first trip outside of the US since their departure. Harry has visited the UK twice. In the speech, the Duchess said: "He [Harry] has spent many late nights and early mornings planning for these games to make them as perfect as possible for each of you. "I could not love and respect him more and I know that all of you feel the same because he is your fellow veteran, having served two tours of duty in Afghanistan and 10 years of military service. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry accused of 'trading in royal intimacies' after latest interview "He's the founder of the Invictus Games, and the father to our two little ones, Archie and Lili. Please welcome my incredible husband, Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex.” Harry then walked onto the stage and the pair shared a kiss, before the Duke said: "Thank you, my love". A crew joined the couple at the games as part of filming for a Netflix documentary called Heart Of Invictus.  It is part of a series from Archewell Productions following people who are competing at the event. Before arriving in the Netherlands, the Sussexes flew into the UK and met with the Queen. During his interview with NBC Today, the Duke revealed that he and Meghan had tea with the Queen during their visit to Windsor Castle. The couple travelled to Europe without their two children, two-year-old Archie and Lilibet, 10 months.