England manager Gareth Southgate admits he was “smiling” with USA boss Gregg Berhalter after the World Cup draw because the duo know each other well and have had long chats in the past. The Three Lions have been drawn alongside the USA in Group B of the competition, which is due to take place in November and December this year.  “When you're seeded, you get the advantage of missing out on those big six or seven teams,” Southgate said after the draw had been completed. “For most of the first seeds, they'd be pleased with the first group they get. There are some really highly ranked teams in pot two, and the US is an interesting one. “I know Gregg Berhalter quite well. We've met a few times and had long chats about things - in fact only a few weeks ago. So we were smiling at the end there but they've got some really good players. We know what they could be capable of as a nation, so that one in particular is an intriguing one.” England enjoyed the advantage of being one of eight seeded teams ahead of the draw due to their FIFA world ranking. The Three Lions won eight of their 10 qualifiers as they finished at the top of their group ahead of Poland. JUST IN: Roma ‘learn Man Utd already have Boubacar Kamara transfer agreement'   And Southgate’s side were selected to face the USA, Iran and the winner of the remaining European play-off. The European play-off between Scotland and Ukraine was postponed last month following Russia’s invasion of their neighbouring country. The match is likely to now go ahead in July, with the winner facing Wales for a place at the tournament. So England could yet face one of their neighbours. DON'T MISS Ten Hag’s camp ‘have concerns about Man Utd job’ as saga takes twist Ten Hag 'angry over English lessons claim' after he missed Spurs job Man Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' with Ten Hag and Pochettino    Southgate was also keen to stress the importance of the footballing world coming together to make it as easy as possible for Ukraine to play their play-off match amid the egregious events unfolding in their country. “I think in this situation all of our thoughts are with Ukraine and the people of Ukraine,” Southgate added. “When that tie is played, how that is played out is irrelevant really. It's for the rest of us to adapt, adjust and provide them with the opportunity to play whenever they're able to. “We've got to get out the group. What we've done well is we've approached these tournaments by looking at the group. The first objective is getting out of the group regardless of the opposition - then you build from there.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here