As millions of Britons struggle to find the extra money to pay soaring bills, people are being reminded to check they are receiving all the help they are entitled to. Hundreds of thousands of people are estimated to be losing out on disability benefits like PIP and there is help available to assist people through the process. People with a long-term illness, disability or mental health condition are being encouraged to see if they qualify for PIP. PIP is a disability benefit paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to anyone under State Pension age who has trouble carrying out certain tasks. It could be worth £658 a month depending on how someone’s condition affects their ability to carry out everyday tasks. Everyday tasks include things like washing, dressing and making decisions about money. READ MORE: Brits cancel TV licence as cost of living crisis bites - 'final straw' Charities like Age UK, Macmillan Cancer Support and Citizen’s Advice often guide people through the process of applying for PIP as many people claim it’s overcomplicated. A spokesperson for Citizen’s Advice said it’s witnessing more people coming to them for financial help, with enquiries up 10 percent in March compared to February. Furthermore, this has risen 45 percent since this time last year. “On demand levels, in March this year, we helped more than 26,500 people with food bank referrals and access to charity grants." DON'T MISS:Mother of two ‘distraught’ after losing 'all family savings’ in scam [WARNING]PIP claimants urged to claim 10 other freebies that could save £1000s [ALERT]TV licence explained: Are you eligible for a £159 refund? [UPDATE] He continued: “This is an all-time high and re-breaks the records set in January and then again in February 2022.” The charity has published some useful advice on its website to help people navigate the PIP process. It states: “It’s best to start your claim by calling the DWP - it’s quicker than writing to them. “If they decide you can get PIP, they’ll pay you the money you should have got from the date you called them.”  While the DWP claims the average claim can take five and a half months, some people are left waiting much longer. Karen Ellingham from Twickenham recently told Express.co.uk how she’s been waiting well over a year. She’s not the only person to get in touch to complain about the complicated and long process. For this reason, it’s a good idea to claim sooner rather than later by calling the PIP line on 0800 917 2222. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In total 19 conditions typically qualify for PIP including: