Arsenal icon Ian Wright has tipped North London rivals Tottenham to claim the final Champions League space in the final weeks of the Premier League season, insisting the Gunners lack goals. Mikel Arteta’s side suffered a shock second successive defeat on Saturday, losing 2-1 at home to Brighton.    The result allowed Spurs to take control of the race for fourth. Antonio Conte’s team confidently beat Aston Villa 4-0 away from home, claiming a fourth consecutive victory. Spurs have leapfrogged Arsenal into fourth thanks to the latter’s recent defeats by Brighton and Crystal Palace. They have a three-point lead but Arsenal have a game in hand. Former striker Wright believes Spurs will take fourth, though, insisting the difference between the two rivals is the amount of goals scored. Conte’s side have scored 21 in their last six games, while Arsenal have managed seven in the same period. JUST IN: Arsenal only have themselves to blame if Tottenham get fop four “Tottenham, I think. Especially when you look at the way they can score. Arsenal are not scoring,” Wright told Match of the Day when asked who would win fourth place. fellow pundit Danny Murphy agreed, adding: “It’s the goals, isn’t it. It’s the quality in the final third. I agree.” Striker Alexander Lacazette has gone over 20 hours of Premier League football without scoring from open play. The Frenchman is out of contract at the end of the season and Arsenal will desperately try to strengthen their front line in the summer transfer window. Meanwhile, Arteta has said Arsenal must be concerned about their last two performances, with a 3-0 defeat by Palace coming before the loss against Brighton. The Spaniard’s side have a tough list of remaining fixtures, including a North London derby at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in May. DON'T MISS...Man Utd risk losing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss considers Leipzig offerMan Utd set Erik ten Hag deadline with Ajax boss ready for BundesligaLiverpool icon Carragher sends Torres warning to Salah over contract Arteta said after the Brighton defeat: “It has been a tough week, especially today (Saturday) because we wanted a reaction [to the defeat at Crystal Palace]. It came in the second half, which is too late. We have to have the courage and personality to play much better and raise the level in the first half. “We made it really difficult for ourselves. We were sloppy, we had no purpose to attack, we were really imprecise and we didn’t want to play forward. We’ve shown for many weeks how well we can play. It has been a difficult week and we’ve lost some big players, but if you get what you want, not everything is going to be with a blue sky. “This is our team in the good moments and especially the defeats. There are many games to play but we have to be concerned about that performance, especially first half.”   