Questions remain over Putin’s aims in Ukraine after his troops invaded the country on February 24. As the Kremlin strongman launched the bloody war, he claimed his nation needed to “demilitarise and de-Nazify” Ukraine. In a bizarre, rambling speech, Putin addressed Ukrainian soldiers, telling them not to obey their government, which he dubbed a “gang of drug addicts and neo-Nazis”. However, Professor Nikolai Petrov has suggested that Russian troops will not be able to remain in Ukraine permanently, as he explained Putin’s “way out” of the conflict. The senior research fellow on the Russia and Eurasia Programme at Chatham House has researched Kremlin decision-making. The academic told Express.co.uk: “I think that there is no way to keep occupation. “There is no way to find any serious forces inside Ukraine to play this role, like Putin did manage to do in the case of Chechnya. “So, the way out for him is not to control the Ukrainian government. He said: “This is exactly what he was looking for when planning for the implementation of the Minsk agreements. “The idea was not to get as much territory as he could, but to have the leverage, which could prevent Ukraine from moving to the West.” During peace talks between Kyiv and Moscow in Turkey this week, Ukrainian negotiators said the country could drop its NATO bid and accept neutral status. Ukraine would accept neutrality on the condition it receives security guarantees from western nations. However, such an outcome would require changing the constitution or a referendum, both of which are unlikely amid the current conflict. Prof Petrov claimed that rather than promises, Putin will want a concrete outcome of the invasion, such as an established military presence in Luhansk and Donetsk. He said: “I think that this time unlike in 2014 and 2015, when Minsk agreements were negotiated, he should have something solid except for promises and agreements on paper. “This can be a kind of military base, or bases in the territories of these people’s republics, or something like that. Not just a promise.”