Labour’s difficulty with the whole women and transgender issue is already well-rehearsed and has developed into its own circle of hell but the decision to rough up the Chancellor’s wife merits further exploration as it offers a far better window into the party’s malaise. Clearly, the strategists advising the Leader’s office feel that Mrs Sunak (Akshata Murty) is fair game in the total war that is politics, but why despatch the man you want to be the next Prime Minister to do the dirty deed? Surely much better to tee up a few of your pugilistic Backbenchers, a commodity of which all sides of the House have in abundance, to do the nasty stuff. Having secured the desired headlines and collateral damage to your political opponent, you then send in your PM in waiting, Sir Keir, to lend gravitas to the situation, perhaps suggesting that the whole unpleasant affair demonstrates the need for a wider debate about the tax system and non-domiciled status.   Instead, what Labour has got is its Leader as good as suggesting that the wife of a male politician should not busy herself with her own life and tax affairs but best walk three steps behind her husband lest she embarrasses him. A position that, beyond the sin of being outdated, ignores the fact that from 1990 a wife’s income was no longer, for tax purposes, treated as if it were the income of her husband. Whatever the upsides of the ongoing attack on Tory ‘privilege’ there are downsides. While it is beyond doubt that great damage has been done to the standing of the Chancellor and his wife, in the long-term, when the hue and cry has died down, I am not sure that going in “studs up“ on Mr and Mrs Sunak is going to do the Labour leader many favours. Why? Because however angry and worried members of the public are about the cost-of-living crisis they are clever enough to know that the Chancellor and his wife, regardless of their own financial affairs, are not the main architects of their plight. The real villains of the piece are the Covid-19 virus that shut down the global economy for the best part of 18 months, with this damage magnified by Russia, a major producer of fossil fuels, invading Ukraine, a major producer of food.Given the challenges facing Europe are the most testing in at least three generations, the Labour Leader’s decision to take the lead in pursuing the Chancellor’s wife at this moment of historical inflection seems odd. I thought the whole point of the Starmer project was to get away from the grievance, pressure group, politics of the Jeremy Corbyn years by injecting some gravitas back into Her Majesty’s Opposition. Gravitas doesn’t mean treating your political opponents politely or kindly, but it does mean having a strategy on how you shape your offer, deploy your assets, pick your fights and use your people. Perhaps, I am not alone in noticing that some of Labour’s more cerebral frontbenchers look decidedly uncomfortable at their Leader’s current line of attack on Mrs Sunak’s personal tax arrangements. It may play well on social media, it may result in a few extra points in the opinion polls but as a vehicle for winning the next General Election, it is a likely non-starter. Because to have a chance of forming the next Government, Labour needs to do the hard intellectual yards that will answer the biggest questions of the day which are a) how do we get the economy growing again at 2.25 percent plus in real terms per annum; b) how do we deliver energy and food security and c) how do we keep our citizens safe in a more dangerous world. These questions are fertile ground for Labour because my own Party is struggling to come up with the answers but, unlike Blair and Brown then Cameron and Osborne, the current Opposition doesn’t seem interested in doing much deep thinking. Beyond demonstrating that it has the wherewithal to coordinate a political hit, its endlessly repeated call for a windfall tax on energy producers is a revenue-raising suggestion not a policy, and when combined both fail to project a seriousness of purpose.In the absence of anything even resembling embryonic heavyweight policy, it could be the case that Sir Keir’s inner team believe that the defenestration of the current Chancellor and the coming recession will be enough to carry them into Downing Street. Well, a recession didn’t lift Neil Kinnock over the threshold of No 10 in 1992, as when the crunch of polling day came many people viewed voting Labour, during a time of economic hardship, as an enterprise too risky to entertain. Thirty years later, what reasons are they being given to thinking differently?Political gravity dictates that sometime in the foreseeable future Labour will win a General Election but on current form, that victory may not come quite as soon as the Party would like.