The Queen celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this year, marking her historic 70 year reign as British monarch. Her Majesty’s time on the throne will be marked over an extended weekend in June. The four days of celebrations will include public events and community activities such as, the Queen’s birthday parade (Trooping the Colour), a Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral and the Derby at Epsom Downs. However, one royal author believes that the Queen’s Jubilee has been “tarnished” by the recent scandal surrounding Prince Andrew. Writing for the Daily Beast, royal author, Clive Irving, said: “This year, what should have been a glorious, unblemished celebration of Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee has instead become tarnished by the iniquity of the Queen’s second son — and by the puzzle of her attachment to him, demonstrated when he escorted her to her seat in Westminster Abbey for the service celebrating the life of Prince Philip.” Her Majesty and Andrew travelled to the Abbey together from Windsor before walking to the front of the congregation that gathered to honour the Duke of Edinburgh. The Queen, who has faced mobility issues in recent months, held onto the arm of her son as he accompanied her to the front pew. It marked Andrew’s first public appearance after he reached a settlement with Virginia Roberts Giuffre, who accused him of sexually abusing her when she was 17. Last year, Ms Giuffre filed a lawsuit against the Duke. Prince Andrew’s legal team sought to have the case dismissed, but in January 2022, Judge Kaplan denied the bid for dismissal and ruled that it should go to court. In February, the Duke came to an out-of-court agreement to pay more than £10 million, including damages to Giuffre and a donation to her charity “in support of victims’ rights”. He has vehemently denied the allegations made by Giuffre and claimed he did not remember ever meeting her. Andrew’s prominent role at Philip’s memorial surprised royal commentators, with some saying that it “overshadowed” the service in memory of the Duke. Royal commentator and author of Finding Freedom, Omid Scobie, tweeted: “[Andrew’s] presence was always going to be controversial, but Prince Andrew taking on the self-appointed role of consort for the day has completely overshadowed a beautiful service. “And to think just a week ago palace sources were fretting about the optics of a ‘wheelchair’.” DON'T MISSWhere are William and Kate's bridesmaids and page boys now? [INSIGHT]Kate dazzles as she joins Prince William at Anzac Day service [NEWS]Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress  [REVEAL] However, a source close to Andrew told the Telegraph at the time that the inclusion was a reflection of the fact that the service was primarily a family event. The source said: “As the Queen herself has often said: Sometimes people need to remember I have four children. We are a family.” That being said, the move reportedly went against the wishes of the monarch’s heirs — Prince Charles and Prince William. Russell Myers, the Daily Mirror’s royal editor, told an episode of Pod Save The Queen last month that the future kings delivered “some kickback” against Andrew’s special role in the ceremony. Following his reappearance at Philip’s memorial service, it’s been speculated that Andrew may attempt to take further steps back into public life. However, royal expert, Ingrid Seward, believes that Andrew is unlikely to appear at the Platinum Jubilee. Ms Seward told The Sun on Friday: "I don't think we'll see much of Prince Andrew. "He's had to relinquish his military titles, so I think it would be humiliating for him to appear on the balcony in plain clothes. "I think the Queen would love to have him there but she is sensitive to public opinion, and the opinion after Prince Philip's memorial was not good. She added: "She tried it and it didn't go down very well so I rather doubt she'll try it again. "If her subjects don't want him there, he won't be there."