 Earlier this month Harry and his wife Meghan Markle stopped off to visit the Queen at Windsor Castle, while on their way to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. It was the Sussexes first known return to the UK as a couple since they quit the Firm two years ago and moved to California. The unprecedented move caused a rift between Harry and Meghan and the Royal Family, that was then widened by the Sussexes tell-all CBS interview with Oprah Winfrey.   In the two hour chat, the couple were deeply critical of royal life and made a number of claims against various members of the Firm. Nevertheless, Harry maintains he has a strong relationship with his grandmother, and said in an interview with Hoda Kotb how “great” it was to see the monarch. He said: “Being with her, it was great. It was just so nice to see her.” However the Duke of Sussex remained coy in the interview when asked about the state of his relationship with Charles and Prince William. Read More: Prince Harry 'refuses to bend' on Camilla title  Although the tension between Harry and his family persists, royal biographer Mr Hodgson insisted the royal feud was merely “an irrelevance”. Mr Hodgson said that the Prince of Wales has a long standing plan to slim down the monarchy, meaning a possible recalibration of what it means to be a working royal. In turn Harry, who is sixth in the order of succession, was likely to have taken on a less central royal role irrespective of the rift. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Hodgson said: “Charles thinks the Royal Family has the best chance of survival by going straight down the line and not out sideways, all over the place.  “So for Harry, they think he’s a bit of an irrelevance.” On the Sussexes' various claims against the Firm he added: “The Royal Family just think if he keeps making a noise people will eventually get fed up and it won’t be amusing anymore. “If Harry and Meghan want to lead a rock star life they will go out of fashion.” Mr Hodgson continued: “The Royal Family is largely run by the Prince of Wales now. Don't Miss:Kate and William will 'save monarchy' when Charles becomes king[OPINION]Samantha Markle deemed ‘arch-critic’ of everything Meghan does [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry ‘has a lot of apologising to do’ to fix feud with William[INSIGHT]  “He determines that the [priority] will go to him, [then] William, [and then] George, in a straight line. “Even hard working, good royals like Princess Anne will be largely sidelined.” In his NBC interview with Ms Kotb Harry insisted that he had a “special relationship” with the Queen. He said that he and the monarch could talk about things “she can’t talk about with anyone else”.  Mr Hodgson said the Queen was “very fond” of the Duke of Sussex because of his famous sense of humour. The expert said: “Harry has always been able to make the Queen laugh. “A bit like spares tend to be he was never as serious, and I remember that about them when they were little boys.  “Harry was always a prince clown and Prince William was always very serious, and quite determined as well. “William is a very determined man when he wants to be.”