Chancellor Rishi Sunak has been under scrutiny after it emerged his wife Akshata Murty, who is estimated to be worth £500million, holds the non-domiciled status exempting her from paying tax in Britain on foreign income. On Friday, Murty announced she would be making a U-turn on this in response to the backlash and the risk to Mr Sunak's career. On Sunday's BBC Breakfast, Anna Isaac, who broke the story, predicted what would come next regarding Mr Sunak's future as well as Mr Javid's. Presenters Ben Thompson and Luxmy Gopal spoke to Anna as well as Katy Balls, deputy political editor at The Spectator. "There's no suggestion of any wrongdoing," Luxmy explained. "But in terms of how this looks, the optics of it - it must be so damaging to the chancellor." Anna, economics editor at the Independent, replied: "I think it certainly comes at a time where up and down the nation people are very concerned about their finances and they're very concerned about the amount of tax they have to pay. "And I think the issue is the contradiction between messages on being a 'low tax chancellor' and Rishi Sunak has made that ideology very clear, that he believes in a low-tax economy, and yet at the same time within the UK tax system, there are these preferential and better roots with very significant benefits for the most wealthy that seem at odds with the rates of ordinary taxpayers." READ MORE: Emmerdale fans spot clue Andrea Tate alive and working with Leyla When asked just how damaging the controversy could be, Katy explained: "It has been damaging. "I think a few weeks ago we were talking about Rishi Sunak as the favorite to proceed Boris Johnson one day, and now I think widely what is being discussed amongst Tory MPs is his political survival and whether he stays in position as chancellor. "But two months ago Boris Johnson was on the way out though with the aftermath party gate and Rishi was about to potentially be Prime Minister soon, so things can change quickly. "But I do think this is hard for the chancellor to bounce back from this."  "Anna, sticking to the non-dom status allegations, last night the health secretary Sajid Javid revealed to the Sundays Times that before his political career, he too had previously had non-dom status where he didn't pay tax in the UK on overseas income for six years when he was a banker earning up to £3million a year," Luxmy pointed out. "What is the political implication of the fact that we know how two members of the Tory party, two prominent MPs, are connected to this?" "Yeah, so two chancellors as well," Anna responded. "Let's remember the roles directly relate to tax policy. That's very important to underline. "But yes I think it's very interesting, I think there will be more detail to come out in both cases. DON'T MISS... Phil Spencer opens up on relationship with Kirstie Allsopp [EXCLUSIVE]Killing Eve's Jodie Comer on why she dropped out of Ridley Scott movi [LATEST]GB News guest Nina Myskow blasts Home Office over handling of refugees [VIDEO] "I think it shows that non-dom status is very much favoured by some of the wealthiest people in the UK. "In fact, 76,000 people a year use the status, one in five of the highest-paid bankers in the UK use that status." The journalist added: "It allows a lot less transparency about the tax status." Ben reflected: "We've now had this U-turn where the chancellor's wife said she will start paying tax on her overseas income so a U-turn there but at the same time will not give up her non-dom status."  Katy answered: "Well, I think it's an interesting one because ultimately these tax stories, they are complicated, and I think that on the Tory side there is exasperation that Rishi Sunak and his wife did not make that decision for her to agree to pay tax on foreign earners' UK tax earlier on. "I think in terms of the non-dom status, I think the larger issues amongst Tory MPs was very much the not paying of that tax basically, as opposed to the non-dom status." It comes as the U-turn continues to be questioned, with many arguing the move has come "too late". BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One.