Brooks Koepka lost his temper with a fan as he snatched his phone and told him to "get it out of my face". The Ryder Cup star was riding in a golf buggy when he was approached by the fan after taking part in the WGC-Dell Technologies Match Play tournament in Texas. Koepka will have been pleased with the result he got on the course – he beat the Spaniard Jon Rahm, in a result which left the door open for Scottie Scheffler to take the world number one spot in the rankings. That wasn't enough, however, to stop him from getting irritated when approached by the fan. In a video from TMZ Sports, the fan can be seen approaching Koepka while he was riding on the buggy at the course in Austin with his fiancee Jena Sims. After he asks a question, he has his phone snatched away after being shot an unimpressed look by the golfer. The fan immediately shouts "hey!" while Koepka can be heard telling the man: "Get it out of my face, man. Get it out of my face." A few seconds later the phone is back in the fan's possession, while a man believed to be Koepka's manager says: "Leave him alone, dude." JUST IN: Woods Masters return verdict delivered by McIlroy after Augusta round The fan is clearly in possession of the phone again as the cart rolls away from him. According to TMZ's report on the incident, the fan was not upset about Koepka's reaction and has no plans to press charges. It's not the first time in recent weeks that the American has been less than welcoming of attention from fans on the course. A few days prior to this incident, he paraphrased a line from golf film Tin Cup when approached by a group of fans asking for autographs. "I got to work," he said when approached. "I don't come to your job asking for your s***, do I? I don't think so." The line from the film, originally brought to life by actor Don Johnson, saw his fictional golfer character tell fans: "I'm working here. This is my office. Do I come to your office and ask you for your autograph? I don't think so." DON'T MISS:Why Rory McIlroy will end his Masters hoodoo after Augusta near-missesTiger Woods 'exhausting every effort' to make Masters comebackAsh Barty tipped to become golf champion after quitting tennis aged 25 Meanwhile, Koepka's attentions will be firmly on the upcoming Masters, which begin next week. The American has never managed to earn himself a famous Green Jacket, but came close in 2019 when he finished tied second behind Tiger Woods, whose victory marked an extraordinary comeback to the top of the sport. He will certainly be hoping to do better than he managed at last year's edition of the tournament, when his bid to win the Masters ended after Friday's play as he failed to make the cut. Away from the golf course, the Floridian will be planning his wedding to actress Jena Sims. She announced their engagement on April 1 last year, revealing that Koepka has popped the question almost a month earlier.