The second part of Ozark’s fourth and final season will finally land on Netflix later this month and it looks as though Marty Byrde (played by Jason Bateman) could survive the ending. This comes after the actor and executive producer dropped a major hint about his character’s fate.  After part one’s jaw-dropping finale, fans have been eagerly awaiting the release of the second half of season four. Many have tried to predict which member of the Byrde family would make it out alive after the show's trailer depicted a huge car crash as they were driving back to Chicago. Throughout the series fans have watched as Marty and his family navigated through complicated situations after agreeing to launder money for the Navarro cartel. When season four returned, so did the family’s hopes to put their lives of crime behind them and return to their ordinary life in Chicago. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces  However, it all seemed too good to be true as the leader of the cartel Omar Navarro (Felix Solis) refused to abide by the FBI’s terms for his freedom. The possibility of the Byrde’s leaving their life of crime behind them also looked slim after Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) was on a warpath against them. Although she was their ex-employee and helped them launder millions for the cartel, she felt betrayed after they refused to protect her. Her anger then escalated when she discovered her cousin Wyatt Langmore (Charlie Tahan) and his wife Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery) dead just minutes after their wedding.  While their chances of leaving the Missouri Ozarks for good looked slim, the show confirmed the family were on the road together on their way back to Chicago in the initial trailer. However, fans were snapped back to reality when a semi-trailer truck completely wiped their car off the road. With no clue as to which family member either lost their lives or survived, Bateman hinted his character would make it to the end. Speaking at Deadline’s Contenders TV, the actor stated: “[Marty] always felt like he was a bit smarter than he was.  DON'T MISS...'We call men boys!' Kriss Akabusi hits back at feminist policing [NEWS]Ozark season 4 theory: Sam to attack Wendy as fans work out major clue [THEORY]Ozark fans blast 'pointless' key character return in season 4 trailer [REACTION] “Like he’d gain a little intelligence in each episode but never really enough to get them out of it by the next episode. “Here we are at the end and I think he’s gotten smart enough, or become ethical enough, to be done with it all, but I don’t think he or the family are at the place he thought they’d be at, and he’s forced to be humble a little bit.” Back in season one, Marty first agreed to launder after he watched his business partner be killed after a deal went wrong. In a ploy to save his own life, he was tasked to launder $500 million in five years to appease the boss.  Assuming he could do so under the radar in the Ozarks, he relocated his family and soon realised errors. Showrunner Chris Mundy added: “The back half of the season is really about active choices. “Do Marty and Wendy really want to stay together, do the kids really want to be a part of this family? “So it really all sort of circles in on itself in terms of family, and what they’re willing to do to try to stay together, and whether or not that’s a good choice.” With Marty becoming smart enough, perhaps he will be able to talk himself out of a tough situation and gain his freedom. However, fans will have to wait to see which family member will join him. Ozark season 4, part 1, is available to stream on Netflix now. Ozark season 4, part 2, will premiere Friday, April 29. 