Meghan Markle gushed over Prince Harry as she discussed the hard work the royal put in to help organise the latest edition of the Invictus Games. In a heartwarming introduction, the Duchess of Sussex told guests the Duke spent days working on ensuring the games, which had to be postponed because of the pandemic, could be "perfect" for all of them. Meghan said: "He's spent many late nights and early mornings planning for these games to make them as perfect as possible for each of you.  "I could not love and respect him more, and I know all of you feel the same because he's your fellow veteran having served two tours of duty in Afghanistan and 10 years of military service. "He's the founder of the Invictus Games and the father to our two little ones, Archie and Lili. "Please welcome my incredible husband Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex." Before delivering his own speech to athletes and guests, Prince Harry took the time to share a tender moment with wife Meghan, sharing a happy smile and a kiss after which she walked off stage.  The Duke's speech was slightly delayed after attendees treated the royal and retired Army Captain to a standing ovation. Prince Harry, who helped create the games in 2014, was evidently emotional as he looked around the crowd to look at the hundreds of athletes coming from all over the world for the first time in nearly four years. The latest edition of the Invictus Games for originally scheduled to take place in The Hague in the spring of 2020 but the coronavirus pandemic forced organisers to postpone the event. The Duke of Sussex welcomed all athletes and paid special tribute to participants from Ukraine, who had been greeted with overwhelming applause ahead of the ceremony. READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry send arena into meltdown as crowd erupts at their arrival He said: "Your bravery in choosing to come and for being here tonight cannot be overstated. "You told me when you decided to join us despite all odds you came to be on this global stage not simply to show your strength but to tell your truth. "The truth of what is happening in your country. You know we stand with you, the world is united with you, and still you deserve more. "My hope is this event creates the opportunity and [show] how we as a global community can better show up for you." DON'T MISS Best pictures of Princess Anne's royal tour so far [INSIGHT] Meghan issued warning as feminists to launch attack on her new podcast [REVEAL] Queen's action 'removes any danger' of Harry and Andrew duties [REPORT] He also expressed his desire son Archie Harrison will see the veterans participating in the games as an inspiration in the future. Prince Harry added: "I trust that you all see what I see - the heart of the warrior beating strongly. "Because to be role models, or the role model each of you are, takes strength and it takes courage. "When I talk to my son Archie about what he wants to be when he grows up, some days it's an astronaut, other days it's a pilot – a helicopter pilot, obviously. Or Kwazii from Octonauts. "But what I remind him is, no matter what you want to be when you grow up, it's your character that matters most. And nothing would make me and his mum prouder than to see him have the character of what we see before us today. You."