Camilla and her husband Prince Charles are holidaying at Birkhall, their Scottish residence, usually the backdrop of their summer months. The Duchess of Cornwall and Prince of Wales set off on their trip ahead of Easter Sunday, so missed the traditional service at St George’s Chapel. It is not yet known whether the royal couple will return to England in time for the Queen’s birthday celebrations this weekend. Her Majesty is expected to host her family and friends for tea and cake in a modest celebration of her 96th birthday. While Camilla and the Queen’s relationship was initially frosty, the pair have since grown close, something that was made clear by the monarch’s Accession Day statement earlier this year. It was then that the Queen declared her “sincere wish” for Camilla to become Queen Consort when Charles takes the throne. This surprising move was received gratefully by both Camilla and Charles, and the Duchess said she was “very honoured and very touched” to be endorsed by the Queen. While her role is expected to change when she takes the title, Camilla is reportedly set on maintaining some aspects of her life in Wiltshire. Recently writing in Vanity Fair, royal expert Katie Nicholl said: “Camilla has decided she will keep Ray Mill, her Wiltshire home, when she is queen, so that she has a bolt-hole to escape the rigidity and scrutiny of palace life. “At her home she can potter around in a dressing gown, cook for her family, and relax. “She makes a point of factoring in time for herself in order to maintain a healthy work-life balance — walking, reading, holidaying in Scotland and being with her family. “She loves swimming, especially in the sea in Cornwall, where she and Charles vacation. “And she loves to cook and makes a mean roast chicken, according to Tom [Camilla’s son].” Camilla is said to be “extremely close” with her son and daughter, Tom Parker Bowles and Laura Lopes, as well as her five grandchildren. Ms Nicholl described the Duchess’ family as her “nucleus”. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle ‘doing all she can’ to undermine Queen claim [INSIGHT] 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed [REVEAL] Kate dazzles as Duchess arrives at Easter Sunday service with William [PICTURES] The Duchess’ nephew, Ben Elliot, told Ms Nicholl: “She has a very close and supportive family and a close group of old friends.’ “‘She adores her husband, children, and grandchildren.’” Camilla’s “family first” motto is said to be rubbing off on Charles, who “speaks to William almost every day on the phone and is closer than ever to to his mother”. Ms Nicholl also claimed that the Duchess had been “instrumental in trying to heal the fractured relationship between Charles and Prince Harry.” Since Harry and his wife Meghan Markle left the Firm for a life in the US in 2020, there have been reports of tension between him and his father. The father and son came together for a brief meeting in Windsor last week, which was hoped to have been a step towards repairing the relationship. However, having arrived in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, the Duke of Sussex took part in interviews in which he gave insight into his relationships with his family. During an interview with Hoda Kotb from the US Today show, Harry spoke about his meeting with the Queen. He said: "Being with her, it was great, it was just so nice to see her, she's on great form. "She's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure that she's protected and got the right people around her.” His comments have faced criticism with some claiming they were a “gross insult” to other members of the Royal Family. Royal author Angela Levin wrote on Twitter: "His comment on US TV is a gross insult to all the Royal Family, the royal doctors and all the aides around HM. His arrogance knows no bounds.” Shorty after, in a piece for The Sun, Ms Levin, who wrote Harry: Conversations with the Prince, said:  "While Prince William, Charles and their respective partners have been working tirelessly to ensure Her Majesty is looked after, Harry hasn't bothered to visit the UK for a whole year.” Charles and William have taken on more responsibilities since the departure of Meghan and Harry and the declining health of the Queen. Similarly, their partners, Camilla and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, have stepped up and are increasingly taking on solo responsibilities within the Firm. The “new Fab Four” are expected to take on central roles in the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations later this year. Meghan and Harry have been invited to join the Royal Family in non-formal roles, but are yet to accept or decline the invitation. The Duke is involved in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection, and “does not feel safe” to return to his home country with his children. He told Ms Kotb that he is “trying to make it possible” for his children to meet the Queen.