Formula 1 bosses are facing a headache as local residents are attempting to force the last-minute cancellation of the inaugural Miami Grand Prix in the Florida city next month. The race was announced last year and has been embroiled in controversy since, with residents consistently trying to ensure the event will not go ahead. The Miami Grand Prix race weekend is scheduled to run May 6-8, when it will become F1’s second venue in the United States after The Circuit of the Americas in Texas – with Las Vegas joining as the third from next year onwards. However, many Florida residents have been opposed to the race on the grounds of ‘intolerable’ noise pollution since it was announced last year. With just a few weeks to go until the race goes ahead, final preparations are taking place around the Miami Dolphins’ Hard Rock Stadium - and locals are not giving up hope on cancelling the race. A lawsuit from Miami Gardens residents, led by former Miami-Dade County Commissioner Betty Ferguson, is looking to block the staging of the event, as reported by the Miami Herald. A decision is scheduled to be made as early as next week, with Miami-Dade Circuit Court Judge Alan Fine allegedly frustrated that such an important ruling will have to be made in such a short span of time. The residents’ lawsuit is based on the idea that the noise from the race would cause ‘severe disruption and physical harm’ to residents of Miami Gardens while the race was going ahead. READ MORE: Hamilton's 'difficult position' comment explained by Mercedes engineer The lawsuit also quotes an engineering firm’s prediction that noise of up to 97 decibels for homes within 2.5 miles of the circuit would be heard, with the firm likening the increase to the sound levels produced by a chainsaw. The noise pollution breaches the city’s noise ordinance for a bedroom community, and the lawyer has asked the judge to block the race from going ahead on those grounds. The Miami Grand Prix is expected to be one of the most glamorous events on the calendar, with thousand-dollar seats paired with Monaco-style super yachts - but locals are concerned they will not see the benefits of the money splashed within the area should the race go ahead. The F1 event is still awaiting city officials to issue special events permits to ensure the Miami Grand Prix goes ahead, with Judge Fine declaring nothing can be sorted until the permits have been awarded. “Numerous courts before me have resisted the temptation to jump into something that hasn’t been issued yet,” Judge Fine said. “Shouldn’t I wait to see if the city manager issues the special events permit? DON'T MISSMercedes strategist explains why Russell let Perez past in MelbourneLeclerc agrees with Verstappen’s view on winning F1 title in 2022Red Bull's Helmut Marko admits fears of losing Max Verstappen to rival “We are in this limbo state prior to the issuance of a special events permit. It’s a very uncomfortable place for a court to be.” Sam Dubbin is acting as the attorney for the residents, and he believes that waiting for the permits is unnecessary. He said: “They live in a bedroom community and they are entitled to protection under the law.” If the anticipated race goes ahead as expected, the Miami Grand Prix will stay true to the glitzy area and offer a number of entertainment opportunities for spectators. The event will see the construction of a temporary beach club of nearly 24,000 square feet including pools and luxury cabanas. Express Sport has approached the FIA for comment on the residents’ efforts to halt the Miami Grand Prix. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to a record 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix on April 24.