Since 1994, people across the UK have been taking part in the National Lottery’s draw on Wednesdays and Saturdays to put themselves in the running to become overnight millionaires. Tonight, players will be given the chance to snap up a life-changing £5.3million jackpot, as well as opportunities to take home additional, smaller cash prizes. Tonight is a double rollover, which means there were no lucky winners of the past two draws. When a rollover takes place, the funds that would have previously been awarded to the top-tier winner are instead added to the draw of the next night’s jackpot - making for tonight’s staggering £5.3m. To be in with a chance of winning, you must buy your ticket by 7:30pm in time for the Lotto draw at 8pm, and the Thunderball draw at 8:15pm. Tonight's winning Lotto numbers are 1, 7, 10, 30, 40, 53 and the bonus ball is 2. The Thunderball numbers are 2, 6, 16, 31, 35 and the Thunderball is 1. READ MORE: 'Organised crime groups' use lottery scams that 'look genuine'   For £2 per line, players much choose six numbers from one to 59 or go with a lucky dip, which selects random numbers for you. You can play up to seven lines of numbers on each slip, and you can buy up to 10 slips at a time. If you choose the six main numbers, you’ll take home the jackpot prize.  Although, jackpots aside, there is still ample opportunity to take home some winnings - even by choosing as few as two of the main numbers. By choosing five of the main numbers as well as the bonus ball, you can take home £1 million. Just five main numbers equate to £1,750; four main numbers equate to £140; three main numbers equate to £30, and choosing two of the main numbers puts you in for the Free Lucky Dip. To be in with a chance of winning tonight’s £500k Thunderball, players have to choose five main numbers from one to 39 and one Thunderball number from one to 14. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson warned 'things could worsen' with more fines [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson replacement: The top 10 Tories in line to become PM [INSIGHT]POLL: Should Queen sack Boris Johnson for lying to her? [POLL]   You can guess as few as one ball - the Thunderball - to be eligible for some winnings however, if the top £500k prize is one, the winner is entitled to take the full sum home without sharing it. Thunderballs take place four times a week; on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays. Hot Picks gives players the chance to pick up bigger prizes by matching fewer Lotto numbers. Players have to choose how many numbers they want to play with - ranging from one to five. Plays then must choose numbers between one to 59 for however many numbers they’ve decided to play with.  Tickets cost £1 and tonight’s Hot Picks Jackpot sits at £350k. Hot Picks is drawn every Wednesday and Saturday at around 9pm. If you are to be one of the lucky winners, you should receive an email informing you of the good news. These results can take a short while to come through, so don’t worry if you don’t receive one immediately. You can also check physical lottery tickets via the National Lottery app or website by either scanning the barcode using the app or typing your numbers into the website. 