A strong easterly wind is set to force light April showers away as the UK faces the harsh incoming breeze.  Meteorologist Matt Taylor predicted the “breeze will be strengthening,” as the week moves forward. In his forecast for BBC Weather, Taylor noted the easterly wind will drop temperatures across the UK, particularly along the “North Sea coasts”.    Northern areas, Scotland and Northern Ireland also risk frost and “patchy mist and fog” as the wind moves in. As the easterly force moves towards the UK, Taylor explained the nation can expect to see “very little rain” over the coming days. He highlighted a “few showers across western areas,” but largely dry elsewhere. This comes as a benefit of the high pressure “dominating” the current weather chart. Taylor clarified the high pressure has acted to push “rain-bearing low-pressure systems down to Iberia.”    In the UK, the meteorologist predicted the breeze would begin to strengthen as the week moves on, ripping across most of the nation. Southern regions of England and Wales will face “more breeze” into the evening as winds pick up through the night. While the rain should continue to hold off for most of the UK, Taylor explained there would be “clouds drifting westward” towards England and Wales. He warned the “western district” to prepare for a “few showers” as one of the only areas not to escape the rainfall with the coming winds. Read more: Long range forecast: Hot weather breaks as -3C chill and snow to bl...  The easterly breeze will be particularly notable across coastal regions of the UK. Taylor predicted the temperature will feel much “cooler along those North Sea coasts of England.” In particular, he highlighted the winds set to hit the UK will cause a sharp drop in sea temperature. English coastal regions are set to experience winter sea temperatures of “seven or eight degrees”. Don't miss:Should I water my lawn in spring? The best time to water grass [REVEAL]Weather warnings for Costa del Sol - rough seas [REPORT]BBC Weather: Heavy and thundering downpours hit as cloud engulfs UK [INSIGHT] Towards the end of the week, Taylor suggested temperatures would begin to improve for much of the UK. “Central western area temperatures move up to 16 and 17 degrees,” predicted Taylor. He forecast a “pleasantly warm” end to the week with much of the nation set to experience the anticipated “sunny spells”. However, Taylor clarified temperatures will still remain lower across coastal areas, particularly along eastern regions.  