Labour MP and radio presenter David Lammy confronted the SNP MP with Prime Minister Boris Johnson's own words in response to pleas for Conservative MPs to oust their leader from No 10 Downing Street. LBC host and Labour MP David Lammy said: "Can I just finally put that point to you, which is what Boris Johnson says so, clearly, look, I'm dealing with Ukraine. "I'm getting on with the job and redoubling my effort. I said sorry many times, get over it. "What's the problem?' Mr Blackford responded: "The problem is, this is the first Prime Minister ever has been found guilty of breaking his own laws, the laws he wrote, and the laws that so many people adhere to, and really suffered as a consequence. "People not being able to be in funerals not being with their loved ones who were dying. "A prime minister who is now telling us to get over it. "Goodness gracious he really doesn't get it, he doesn't get it. "Tory MPs have got to this job for the rest of us, remove this man from office." It comes as Mr Johnson warned the Conservatives will "reap the whirlwind" of the Number 10 lockdown parties saga at the ballot box as the threat of more police fines hangs over him. Former Conservative minister Steve Baker told The Daily Telegraph the partygate affair could hurt the Tories at the local elections on May 5, with his constituents expressing "fury" at reports of lockdown breaches in Downing Street. It comes after the influential backbencher turned on the Prime Minister in the Commons this week, telling MPs the Conservative Party leader should have realised the "gig's up" after the Metropolitan Police concluded he had breached his own coronavirus rules. "People lived under barbaric rules. They were told that if they deviated one iota from the law they would kill people. And they suffered for it," Mr Baker, who hinted that he had submitted a letter of no confidence in the Prime Minister, told the newspaper. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'pushed out' to stop clash with 'lazy' Kate and William, Vine guest slams [LATEST]Royal POLL: Can Harry and Meghan help boost Netflix after major subscriber loss? [INSIGHT]Sophie and Edward 'forgiven' by Royal Family after 'humiliating' misstep early on [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile in No 10, where they should have been obeying both the letter and spirit of the rules, clearly they breached both. "It's been a disaster and I fear we will reap the whirlwind on polling day." It comes after reports by ITV that fine notices have started landing in the email inboxes of officials who attended a "bring your own bottle" drinks do in the Downing Street garden on May 20 2020 during England's first Covid lockdown when indoor and outdoor gatherings were banned. Downing Street said on Friday evening Mr Johnson, who has admitted attending but insisted he "believed implicitly that this was a work event", has not received notice of a fine in relation to the gathering.