Kenneth Tsang, who is best known for his roles in James Bond and Rush Hour 2, has died at the age of 86. The veteran actor was in mandatory quarantine at the Kowloon Hotel after returning from Singapore on Monday. Ministry of Health staff found him unconscious today after he failed to answer the door during daily checks, reports the South China Morning Post. The actor was pronounced dead when medical staff arrived at the scene. According to the same publication, the actor had tested negative for Covid on Tuesday. He had been staying at the hotel in accordance with Hong Kong’s travel quarentine rules. READ MORE: Daniel Brocklebank frets as NHS sent to Ukraine - 'Yet, UK wait hours' His long screen career included roles in blockbuster Hollywood action films such as Die Another Day and Rush Hour 2. Tributes have poured in for the beloved actor, as fans took to social media to offer their condolences. Peng Seong penned: "Not only their dramas/movies brought us the wonderful memory, but also accompanied our growing journey… RIP Kenneth Tsang Kong." Harris Dang commented: "This one really hurts. A fantastic actor who has been a huge part of my life through cinema. R.I.P - Kenneth Tsang." Reen offered: "I hope you're in a good place now, veteran Hong Kong actor Kenneth Tsang. you will be missed, legend." Ben shared: "RIP, Kenneth Tsang, a veteran HK actor who will be familiar to international action film buffs for his roles in John Woo's The Killer and A Better Tomorrow 2. This will also raise discourse about HK still requiring mandatory quarantine on arrival." Slicc added: "RIP HONG KONG LEGENDARY ACTOR #KENNETHTSANG such a sad day for fans of old school Hong Kong films." Hong Kong has battled a sudden spike in coronavirus cases and requires everyone coming from overseas to spend ten days in an official quarantine hotel. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Mark Charnock's emotional farewell as co-star leaves soap[LATEST]Carol Kirkwood slams 'desperate' BBC critic urging her not to smile[TWITTER]Madonna posts pic of bum and 'f**k you' message after 'split'[PICTURES] Today the city reported 430 new infections, up 83 from the day before, with eight deaths attributed to the virus. The actor - also known as Tsang Kong - was still acting with a career which spanned close to 70 years. The star made his on-screen debut as a teenager and went on to star as the leading man in dozens of Hong Kong detective films, romances and kung fu movies in the 1960s. Other prominent roles include parts in John Woo’s A Better Tomorrow in 1986, and opposite Chow Yun-fat and Leslie Cheung in 1991's Once a Thief. In 1998 he then made his Hollywood debut in Chow Tun-fat’s The Replacement Killers. Roles followed in Jackie Chan’s Rush Hour 2 and the James Bond film Die Another Day in 2002, along with many other Hong Kong and U.S. movies. Kenneth also starred in the ITV drama series, The Strangers, in 2018. His two latest films are in post-production and are due out later this year. 