On Thursday, an event will mark the arrival of the Commonwealth of Nations' Globe, which will be used in the lighting of the Principal Beacon for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee at Buckingham Palace this summer. The globe will be put on display for members of the public to view at the White Tower of the historic landmark, the Tower of London, before it will serve its main purpose at the Platinum Jubilee weekend. Here's all you need to know about the beacons events taking place this year.  There is a long history of lighting beacons in the UK to mark royal events like jubilees and the landmark birthdays of the sovereign. The Diamond Jubilee of the Queen's great-great-grandmother, Queen Victoria, was celebrated with the lighting of beacons in 1897. During the Queen's reign, beacons have been lit to celebrate her Silver, Golden and Diamond milestones, as well as her 90th birthday.  READ MORE: Queen on alert as Jamaica puts forward Commonwealth candidate In light of the Queen's staggering 70-year reign, beacons will be lit in the capital cities of 54 Commonwealth countries this year too. Bruno Peak, the pageantmaster of The Queen's Platinum Jubilee Beacons, said: "I am so excited that for the first time ever beacons will be lit across all 54 Commonwealth capitals to celebrate the Queen's 70-year service as head of the association. "Starting in the Pacific and then moving to the Americas, the beacons lit to celebrate Her Majesty will also serve as a testament to the unity and friendship that extends across all 54 nations. "The Queen has lit up the Commonwealth over 70 years through visits and other engagements, it is only fitting that we do likewise for her."   More than 1,500 beacons across the world will be lit on the first day of the UK's four-day bank holiday weekend - Thursday, June 2. Communities across the UK, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man that are planning to light a beacon are being asked to do so at 9.45pm. Beacons in Commonwealth countries and United Kingdom Overseas Territories will be lit at 9.15pm local time. The Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors Anchor Chain will be lit at 9.30pm, while the beacons along the historic Hadrian’s Wall will be lit at 10pm.  DON'T MISS:Have Your Say: Should the Queen step down and make way for Charles? [OPINION]Meghan and Harry will revisit relationship milestone at Invictus Games [INSIGHT]Best pictures of Princess Anne's royal tour [PICTURES] Beacon events will be taking place across the UK, so your local community may be hosting a light event you can attend. To find your nearest beacon lighting event, as well as other local Platinum Jubilee celebrations, you can use the interactive map here. But for communities who wish to take part in the beacons event, there are extensive safety measures and rules that must be followed. Full information on how to register a Platinum Jubilee beacons event can be found on the website here. 