Liam Fox's private member's bill, which will require the Government to publish guidance on the specific needs of those with the condition, completed its final parliamentary stage by gaining the backing of the House of Lords yesterday. The Queen is expected to give royal assent to the Down Syndrome Bill within the next few days. The legislation aims to make it easier for people with Down syndrome and their families to secure the services they need and to challenge officials not doing their duty.   Authorities providing health, care, education and housing would be obliged to deliver the requirements set out by ministers. Once royal assent is granted, the Government will launch a public consultation to help draft the guidance. Dr Fox, an ex-NHS doctor, championed the cause after being picked by ballot to introduce a private member's bill for the first time in his 30-year Commons career.The former Cabinet minister secured cross-party and Government support, helping the Bill to become an Act of Parliament. He said: "I am thrilled.This will mean there is now a law to deal with the issues faced by those with Down syndrome." Dr Fox hoped his measure would help "de-stigmatise Down syndrome" and improve services and long-term care into old age for those living with it. Celebrities backing the bill include CBeebies presenter GeorgeWebster, Line of Duty actor Tommy Jessop, Call the Midwife writer Heidi Thomas and actress Sally Phillips. Mr Jessop, an ambassador for the National Down Syndrome Policy Group (NDSPG) composed of charities and support bodies, declared: "This is a historic moment that might be worldwide and will change lives forever." Peter Brackett, the chairman of the group, said: "The Down Syndrome Bill has travelled through both Houses unchallenged to get to this point, testament to everyone involved. "The community has really rallied behind the NDSPG in its support of the Bill and we've had continual messages of support and encouragement from Down syndrome groups all over the country, other charities, politicians, families and people with Down syndrome."  He continued: "We're thrilled to be in the home straight of what we believe will be a transformative piece of legislation. "As a group we had to hit the ground running when this opportunity arose." Mr Brackett added: "As a group we had to hit the ground running when this opportunity arose and I'm proud of the work the NDSPG has done to champion and promote the Bill, leading to such a positive outcome for people with Down syndrome." 