With soaring energy bills, and the cost of living crisis continuing to worsen, households across the UK are looking for ways to save every penny possible. Washing and drying clothes are essential everyday tasks that, due to the energy price cap increase, have become dramatically more expensive due to the higher costs of running washing machines and radiators. One cleaning fan looking to conserve energy managed to think up a way to dry their clothes over their staircase - thereby negating the need for a radiator or tumble dryer. All that is needed for this hack is a drying rack that can be attached to the inner side of a staircase banister. Airing your clothes indoors is most effective when done in an empty room with good airflow. Another advantage of the hack is that it frees up space on radiators and reduces the need for obstructive clothes horses. READ MORE: Energy bills: How to reduce your laundry costs by £100 a year Taking to the Cleaning tips and tricks Facebook group to share the idea, Shelly Williams wrote: "With energy costs rising and this being wash load number three, the radiators and airers are already full so this is the way forward.” Before long, thousands of people eager to save money were leaving comments and giving their thoughts on the idea. Metztli Cuetlactli commented: “My dryer broke in the middle of winter. I did this and it changed my life, I’m never going back to using a tumble dryer.” Linda Ince wrote: “What a very clever idea. I’ve normally dried towels over bannisters but never thought of using a airer over them. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to ‘easily’ clean oven glass ‘properly’ - ‘no scrubbing’ [COMMENT]Weeding tips: How to ‘effectively’ kill weeds for ‘zero cost’ [EXPERT]Property: How to boost house value by 77% through your garden [TIPS] “Would sooner invest in a few of these than put my dryer on now. I’m lucky I have two lots of bannisters to use.” Jean Roberts replied: “I use my banister all the time, it’s amazing. I have a mini indoor rotary line that can get a bit bulky moving it around sometimes but it does save a lot trying to dry everything on radiators because I’ve now stopped using my tumble dryer." Michelle Burr said: “I never use a tumble dryer now, I always dry washing over my bannisters on an airer with great success. I’ve found that this has also significantly reduced my energy bills.” Julie Norbury said: “I’ve never thought of putting the dryer over the stairs. I’m doing it from now on thanks.” Evy Woolcock added: “We've used an old fashioned clothes airer at the top of the stairs for decades and if you hang everything on hangers you can get a whole wash load on it. No tumble dryer needed. Other users were more concerned with the problem of mould, however. Jill Hagen said: “The only problem with drying in the house is damp problems. I've tried it before and had damp spots. The only way to avoid it is to have all windows open. We can't afford heating now so open the windows, dry the clothes and get the blankets and jumpers on.” Alice Narbett commented: “I did this when I lived in my flat. Ended up with massive mould issues and the washing never smelt right." Some members suggested purchasing a dehumidifier to mitigate any potential mould issues, while another proposed alternative methods of drying clothes. Dawn Baired said: "We never use the drier, winter or summer. We hang shirts and tops on hangers in the shower room with the window open. And, I'm adding a hanging rail between two cupboards either side of the window in the utility room. It gets lots of sun so it should be a great wee drying spot." For those who don’t fancy purchasing a dehumidifier, they can always opt to open the windows to let outside air in to avoid damp and mould. This will allow the moisture to escape and prevent the room from getting too clammy.