The broadcaster challenged the shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury to outline the Labour Party's tax plans in light of the heavy criticism aimed at Rishi Sunak's Spring Statement. Labour have maintained not enough is being done to help struggling Britons cope with the cost of living crisis and rising energy bills. But when asked to explain how his party would tackle the issue, Mr McFadden failed to give a straight answer. The GB News host said: "I've got a member of the Labour Party here telling me that tax can't be used to play games. "Labour's done an about-turn over this, haven't they? Are you telling me that under a Labour Government, people will pay less tax?" Mr McFadden said: "What I'm saying to you is you shouldn't tax...want families to pay more in the midst of a cost of living crisis so I, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak, can offer you half of it back in two years' time. "Why should families right now be asked to pay more?" JUST IN: Woman's 'horrific' ordeal after she's surrounded by boys on train: 'I felt helpless' Mr Christys hit back: "Tell you what, give it a go Pat. Give it a go and see. "Tell me what I'm voting for. Under Labour, you're onto a winner here, you can convince the nation. "Under Labour, are we going to pay less tax? That's all we care about." But the Labour MP said: "We will come with our tax proposals when we're close to the election. We're two years away from that." READ MORE: 'Sunak’s not getting a penny off me’ GB News viewer Sue on how she’ll avoid NI hike The exchange came as the increase in National Insurance contributions kicked in on Wednesday. The rise followed the increase of the energy price cap last week, which sparked concerns among struggling families of being able to afford paying for their heating. Health Secretary Sajid Javid defended the decision to hike up national insurance for millions of workers as he argued it is "right that we pay for what we are going to use as a country". Mr Javid said: "It kicks in today, the new health and social care levy. DON'T MISS:National Insurance set to rise tomorrow - how much more will you pay? [GUIDE]Income tax may take a ‘big chunk’ out of Britons’ pay from this month [EXPERT]Sunak has MP befuddled 'You think Universal Credit is generous?!' [ANALYSIS] "All of the funding raised from it is going to go towards the extra £39 billion we are going to put in over the next three years to health and social care. "It's going to pay in the NHS for activity levels that are some 130% of pre-pandemic, it's going to be nine million more scans, tests and procedures, meaning people will get seen a lot earlier." He continued: "Why is any of this necessary, whether it is for health or social care? It's because of the impact of the pandemic. We know it is unprecedented. "It has been the biggest challenge in our lifetime. The impact of that is going to continue for many years." Mr Covid added: "You asked me about the fairness of it. When we spend money on public services, whether it's NHS or anything else, for that matter, the money can only come from two sources. "You raise it directly for people today, that's through taxes, or you borrow it, which essentially you are asking the next generation to pay for it. "I think it is right that we pay for what we are going to use as a country but we do it in a fair way. This levy, the way it is being raised is the top 15% of earners will pay almost 50%. I think that is the right way to do this."