Chelsea were well-beaten by London rivals Arsenal at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday evening as a late Bukayo Saka penalty rubber-stamped a 4-2 triumph for the Gunners. Eddie Nketiah notched two goals of his own as the Blues faltered, with Romelu Lukaku and Andreas Christsen putting in performances to forget for Thomas Tuchel's side. No particularly notable saves, had to pick the ball out of his net three times and there's a valid argument that he should have put more pressure on the onrushing Nketiah who buried his one-on-one opportunity to open the scoring. Started to the game on the right side of a back three and struggled to get involved. Immediately sent in a cross that almost saw Chelsea equalise when moving up to wing-back on the hour mark, which shows what he has to offer in a more advanced role. Undercooked his pass back to Mendy for Nketiah's opener and was caught dallying on the ball by the energetic frontman on several occasions. Certainly a night to forget for the Barcelona-bound defender, and Thomas Tuchel rubbed salt into the wounds by hauling him off at half time. A nervous display on a rare start for the young centre-back. He has proven to be hit and miss during his Chelsea career - it was mostly miss against Arsenal and he will be keen to avoid any replays of his clumsy defending for Nketiah's second of the evening, or the reckless tackle that could, and perhaps should have seen him receive a second yellow card. Certainly fulfilled his attacking duties after starting the match at right wing-back. Cropped up at centre-forward to tap home at 2-2 and notch his first Premier League goal of the season, but his night was tainted by a misplaced pass that ultimately allowed Nketiah to steal in and the bizarre shirt-pulling incident that landed the Gunners with a late penalty. His tackle created the opportunity for Timo Werner to cut in from the left and make it 1-1. Not at his silky best but still showed the extra ingredient he can bring to Tuchel's midfield. Certainly wasn't running the show as we have seen him do in the past. Put in by Tuchel to stop Arsenal having space and joy in the midfield, which the Gunners had plenty of at Stamford Bridge. A performance that perfectly encapsulates his six-year spell in west London. Lively going forwards, but Bukayo Saka had him on toast all evening in a lost battle which could have landed the Blues in more trouble than it did. Another solid night for the in-form Englishman. He put in a good cross for Azpilicueta to equalise at 2-2, and his 40-yard ping to Alonso was indicative of a player high on confidence. Looked cumbersome and struggled to get involved until a brief spell in the second half. Ultimately failed to capitalise on his first Premier League start since he registered just seven touches against Crystal Palace back in February and was substituted on the hour mark. The latest instlament in a promising run of games for the German as he got himself on the scoresheet to level things up early on at 1-1. His tenacity played a role in Chelsea's second goal too, and he was able to get amongst the action and show some eye-catching touches when drifting in from the left flank and picking up the ball in deeper positions. Immediately brought more composure to the back-line after replacing Christensen at half-time - a calming presence as ever. Unable to greatly impact the game in his 30-minute cameo, but did show energy and sharp hold-up play which was missing from the Belgian he replaced. Sent on for the final 10 minutes but couldn't find a magical moment to bring Chelsea level.