As inflation continues to rise and energy bills soar, people may be looking for other ways to save money. Britons could be saving money on water and cut their utility bills by £303. Dominic Lees-Bell, bathroom expert at Drench.co.uk, said: “Whilst we don’t want you to stop enjoying your downtime in the shower or bath, we can all make a difference with a few adjustments “We’ve revealed some helpful tips to cut down on water in the bathroom, which benefits the planet and your pockets with savings of up to £303”. Save £118 by installing a water-saving shower head Aerator shower heads combine water with air, creating larger droplets of water and giving the feeling of more water than there is. These shower heads use up to 50 percent less water, so you can cut your showering costs in half and save a nice £118 over a year. READ MORE: Premium Bonds: NS&I's tips on how to 'further' chances to win up to £1million prize Turn the water off whilst shaving and save £59It takes about two minutes to shave and, in that time, people would have wasted 15.6 litres of water. Mr Lees-Bell said: “Why not turn the shower off whilst you shave and save £59 annually in water and energy bills? “You could use a bucket, jug or any type of container and place it in the shower to collect water. “Then, when you turn off the shower to shave, use your collected water to rinse your razor.” Save £38 by plugging the drain whilst waiting for the water to turn hotIn some households, it can take as long as a minute before the water turns hot. If people don’t have the plug in, they could waste as much as 10 litres of water. He explained that rather than waiting for the water to turn hot and letting all that water and money go down the drain, Britons should keep their drain plugged. People can adjust the temperature whilst the bath runs, saving £37.95 annually. Drench research found that the average Briton spends £236.80 a year to shower. It costs an average of 83p to have a bath so doing this every day amounts to £302.95 per year. Over a lifetime, the average Brit can expect to spend £16,576 on showering. People will £24,591.60 on baths (based on April 2022 water and energy prices) so any savings can make all the difference.