Gabby (played by Rosie Bentham) was left confused during Thursday night's episode of Emmerdale when Millie Tate (Willow Bell) spoke to her brother Thomas and made reference to their father being alive. Believing the lothario of the ITV soap was dead, Gabby needed to find out the truth in the latest instalment of the weeknight serial drama to put her own suspicions to bed. When her worst fears were confirmed, she was adamant she wasn't going to tell Kim Tate (Claire King) about her son's secret but Dawn (Olivia Bromley) had other ideas. Needing to get what she'd heard from Millie off her chest, Gabby confided in Jamie's (Alexander Lincoln) former lover Dawn. Knowing how important it was to discover the truth about whether he was alive or dead, Dawn agreed to go with her neighbour to visit the home where she believed the lothario had been living. When they arrived, it seemed no one was in the house as there was no sign of Jamie, his daughter Millie or Andrea Tate's (Anna Nightingale) mother, Hazel (Kate Anthony). Needing to get some evidence Jamie was alive, they smashed the back door window and entreated the baron premises to continue their investigations. Although the place was empty, they did discover one of the lothario's watches which had been missing since he supposedly died. READ MORE: Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Gene to free Kim from prison This was enough for their suspicions to be confirmed and when they got back to Home Farm, the women were torn over what to do. "Kim thinks he's dead and after everything he's done, surely it's better it stays that way," Gabby said as she thought she had the upper hand. Dawn snapped back as she said: "Better for who? Kim or you?" which lead Gabby to remind her neighbour she had previously said they should stop looking for him. "Yes, I meant you and me," Dawn replied, before persisting they told Kim the truth so she could decide whether to find her son or not. "What, and this isn't about you at all? Come on. You can pretend you don't care but I can see straight through you," Gabby remarked. With a touch of the green-eyed monster coming out, thinking Dawn had some feelings for Jamie, Gabby thought this is why she wanted the truth about her former lover to come out. "The only person he ever really cared about was you, not me," Gabby timidly said before making more excuses as to why he should be left to rot. "He was happy enough to let you believe he was dead. He never got in touch with you and he never let you know he was ok. "I mean that just shows how little you meant to him," Gabby continued before putting her foot down over keeping their discovery a secret. "Dawn, nothing good comes from bringing him back from the dead." DON'T MISS...Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate [COMMENT] "But if he is alive, you just want him to get away with it?" Dawn asked the jealous mother of Jamie's first-born son. "I don't understand what you're thinking," she added before Gabby replied: "I'm thinking of me and Kim and even you and anyone else that's had their life impacted by that spineless coward. "And number one, I'm thinking of my son," she remarked, with her love rival asking her: "And you're happy for your son to not know who his father is?" "When his father is Jamie Tate, yes, that's exactly what I want," Gabby hit back, just as Kim waltzed into the room. The ruthless businesswoman noticed the watch on the table as her sons but luckily, Gabby managed to throw her off the scent he was alive. When Kim once again left the room, Gabby told Dawn there was no way they could tell her about Jamie as he would be forgiven for all his questionable behaviour. "She still has a right to know," Dawn said, with Gabby telling her: "Right now, I have something which resembles a life. "If Jamie comes back, all of it is just blown up," she continued, adding: "I know what comes next, a custody battle for Thomas." Before the closing credits rolled, Dawn had finally agreed to Gabby's demands and stated Jamie would remain dead forevermore. However, she is going to struggle to keep this secret, leading to more fiery rows between her and her former love rival. With one thing leading to another, Gabby could end up pushing Dawn a little too hard and she could hit her head, resulting in her immediate death. Of course, the troublesome character wouldn't want anyone to know she had killed the mother of one and would do everything to cover her tracks. Not only would she have to keep the secret Jamie was still alive but she would also have to conceal the fact she is a killer. Having become a rather manipulative character of late, Gabby would ensure she didn't risk exposing her secrets to the world. But will someone notice her shady behaviour and question her on what she's hiding? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.