 WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Power Book IV: Force season finale. Starz’s hit crime series Power Book IV: Force followed Tommy Egan’s (played by Joseph Sikora) ventures in Chicago as he tried to expand his drug business. However, the emotional season finale saw the death of his confidant, which the actor opened up about.    Fans of the Power franchise were first introduced to Tommy, during the original season of Power which took place in New York. After the series ended in 2020, the character received his own spin-off which explored his ventures in Chicago after he faked his death in the Big Apple. Throughout the series, Tommy has begun his own empire, escaped death on multiple occasions and unexpectedly connected with his family. As he expanded his drug empire he also built a network of trusted friends, which included Liliana (Audrey Esparza), who sadly met her death in the season finale. READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series   Actor Joseph addressed the devastating death and confessed: “I was definitely bummed out because she’s such a great actor. “Audrey [Esparza] is such a talented actor, and I know that it was a mutual choice, I think that she probably would have been back if she chose to be back. “I think that she had other plans for life and that just happened.” He also spoke about his character’s reaction to Liliana's death, stating: ”I think with Tommy it was really interesting reacting as Tommy to her death because what I tried to express was, obviously, the tremendous loss and rage at whoever did this to the person who’s becoming closer and closer to him.”   Although Liliana and Tommy became more than business partners in the show, they had first met in the original series of Power. Back in season one, she was the runner for Tommy and his associate James ‘Ghost’ St Patrick (Omari Hardwick). Although she only featured in three episodes, her impact was major as she was the one who highlighted Kanan Stark (50 Cent) who was their enemy was going to be released from jail. Liliana then chose to go into hiding after she was attacked by Pink Sneakers who left a noticeable scar on her face. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [INSIGHT]Power Book 4 finale: Why did Audrey Esparza leave as Liliana? [INSIGHT]Power Force leak: 50 Cent unleashes furious rant as episode 9 emerges [INSIGHT]   By the second episode of the spin-off, it was revealed she too had relocated to Chicago and in an attempt to protect herself from further harm she attempted to attack Tommy. After realising it was her and remembering the work she had done in the past, he convinced her to join him in his new drug business. Joseph continued: “I wouldn’t say she was like family, but she was getting to a place of there was that loyalty and a bond. “I think that when Tommy bonds with somebody and when you earn his trust, which is not easy to earn outright like that and she did, I think that it was a huge loss.”     The actor added to Hollywood Life: “But I also tried to balance that with like, this is the life, and when it’s time, it’s my time, too. I tried to layer that in there. “Hopefully, it was just at least a very full moment but I’m bummed.” The 45-year-old remarked: “Audrey was amazing. I loved the bond between Tommy and Liliana.” Fans were also devastated to watch Liliana meet her death in the finale, as @therealdollypee tweeted: “I will never forgive power writers for killing Liliana off.” Power Book IV: Force is available in the US on Starz and available in the UK on Starzplay.   