An No 10 spokesperson said Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak have “received notification that the Metropolitan Police intend to issue them with fixed penalty notices”. Both Tory politicians have been part of the Met’s ‘partygate’ investigation which has looked at allegations that a number of Downing Street parties took place during Covid lockdowns in the UK. The spokesperson added: “We have no further details, but we will update you again when we do.” There is no indication that either man will resign as a result of the announcement but Labour Leader Sir Keir Starmer has called for both to go. He tweeted: “Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. “They must both resign. The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern. Britain deserves better.” READ MORE: Labour warning over SNP’s ‘backward’ opposition to nuclear Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey has urged Parliament to reconvene from its Easter recess and hold a no confidence vote in the PM. To date more than 50 fines have been handed out by the Met, though the force has chosen not to name each individual. The Government had previously said it would reveal if Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak were among those issued with fines. Downing Street have said they’ve not been informed which event the fines were linked to.    A spokesperson has also revealed that the PM’s wife, Carrie Johnson, has been fined for a breach of lockdown restrictions. They said: “In the interests of transparency, Mrs Johnson can confirm she has been notified that she will receive a Fixed Penalty Notice. “She has not yet received any further details about the nature of the FPN.” Altogether, the Met has been examining 12 gatherings on eight dates to understand if Covid regulations were broken. DON'T MISS:Marine Le Pen win would be better for Brexit Britain – POLL [POLL]Boris returns from horror of Kyiv for dino day out with kids and Carri [NEWS]Fishing village heartbreak as second homeowners kill community [EXPLAINED] Of these, the PM is known to have attended at least three events:   Officers from the force have been reviewing more than 300 images and 500 plus pages of information from Sue Gray’s own investigation - which preceded the Met’s inquiry. In her report, Ms Gray revealed that she had looked into 16 alleged gatherings, with the Met ruling four out of their own investigation. Jane Connors, the force's Deputy Assistant Commissioner and Lead for Covid enforcement, has been directing the team involved. Ms Connors played a key role in the strategic response to the 2017 Westminster terror attack and has previously been in charge of handling Extinction Rebellion protests in London.