Antonio Conte and his representatives have already proposed a "plan" to Paris Saint-Germain if the Italian were to become the club's next manager, according to reports. Tottenham boss Conte is claimed to have offered his services to PSG at the end of the season. PSG are set to sack current boss Mauricio Pochettino this summer. Pochettino was unable to lead the French giants past the last-16 in the Champions League. Zinedine Zidane is said to be the leading candidate to take over at PSG. However, if the former Real Madrid boss cannot be convinced, Conte could be next in line. Conte only took over at Tottenham last November and could lead the club into the Premier League top four this season. But European football expert Julien Laurens says discussions have already been held with PSG about a plan Conte would have in place if he was to move to the French capital. READ MORE: Piers Morgan names three signings Arsenal should make to 'compete for league again'  Laurens told talkSPORT: "He's doing a decent job at Spurs, they can finish top four. In that case I think he would be happy to stay, especially if the club says 'we're going to back you up financially and we're going to recruit good players, the ones that you want'. "And if they miss out on top four he can easily say 'well I might have other offers' and he's already offered himself to PSG. He's already kind of put a plan together even, about Paris. "Who he wants to work with over there, what kind of money he's looking for. So this is someone who, if you do that really, it's because in the back of your mind you also have other options. DON'T MISSNewcastle handed green light to complete Hugo Ekitike transfer with two rivals interested [GOSSIP]Arsenal could pair Gabriel Jesus with '£10m' partner to forge little-and-large duo [TRANSFERS]Mbappe to Real Madrid on the rocks as PSG ace breaks agreement with dizzying demand [REPORT[  "So it might stay at Spurs but I think if PSG can't get Zidane and sack Pochettino, he would certainly be on the shortlist." Laurens was then pressed further over his comment that Conte had proposed a plan to PSG. And he claimed the former Chelsea head coach will have already told PSG the staff he would like to work alongside. Laurens added: "Well certainly I believe from what I've been told that in the informal talks - because they're very informal talks and it's not Conte directly of course, it's people around him - that there's already been talks about 'if you're looking for a manager, we would like to be there, we would like to do this, we would like to do that'. "There are different sporting directors, and not just Fabio Paratici, that Conte has worked with before that could also come with him. What about his technical staff? The one that he has at Spurs right now. So all of that, of course, has been mentioned."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here