Since the pandemic began, the NHS has only listed three symptoms - a high temperature, a cough and a loss or change to taste or smell. However, many other countries and health bodies have included a more exhaustive list of symptoms with one expert warning of four lesser-known and unusual symptoms of Covid to be aware of. New daily symptomatic cases have bounced back and are rising in all regions of England and the UK, the ZOE data shows. New cases are also rising across all the age groups, with worryingly high increases in the older, more vulnerable age group. Doctor Thomas Gut, associate chair of medicine at Staten Island University Hospital, recently told ETNT Health about four unusual symptoms of Covid many may not be aware of. READ MORE: Covid overwhelming NHS in 'major disruption' of operations According to Doctor Gut, these include: Gut said that tinnitus is “more commonly reported with the later strains” but also found in earlier waves. “Generally, it improves on its own within the first few months,” he added. DON'T MISS:How to spot Covid fatigue: The symptom explained [INSIGHT]Covid: Long-term loss of smell in patients linked to brain damage [REVEAL]Long Covid: Worsened symptoms may occur after physical activities [ANALYSIS] These are considered rare complications of Covid, but can unfortunately be a long-term issue, Dr Gut warned. It is still unclear whether Covid exacerbates a likely mild underlying problem that has not yet been diagnosed, or if it causes seizures in patients with no underlying risk, he said. According to Dr Gut, hair loss “typically lasts for three months, but due to the slow process of hair regrowth, may seem like a much longer-lasting problem.” The sensation is usually painless and may be described as tingling, numbness, skin crawling, or itching. Dr Gut said that numbness of skin can affect any part of the body but is most commonly reported in arms or the head. “It most often resolves on its on within several months," he added. The NHS website says that people experiencing any symptoms should "try to stay at home and avoid contact with other people". They should also take "extra care" to avoid contact with more vulnerable people. According to the ZOE COVID Study, the top five symptoms being reported by contributors with a positive Covid test are runny nose (83 percent), fatigue (71 percent), sore throat (69 percent), headache (69 percent) and sneezing (68 percent).