Princess Margaret wore amazing pieces of jewellery, like the Poltimore Tiara she bought for her own 1960 wedding. However, unlike her sister Queen Elizabeth II, Margaret did not wear loads of brooches. In every royal event where the Queen appears, she is hardly ever seen without a brooch.  It will always have a sentimental meaning behind its design, the country it’s from and why she chose it for the particular event. But Margaret was not always seen with a brooch during her lifetime. She owned a few showstoppers like her famous gold star brooch, which is now worn by her daughter, Lady Sarah Chatto. But another brooch that Margaret owned was her Art Deco sapphire and diamond bow brooch.  READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham marries into astonishingly wealthy family This jewellery piece is from the collection of Princess Margaret. Charlotte White, head of design at 77 Diamonds spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the mysterious brooch. She said: "Princess Margaret was known for her glamour and great love of jewellery. “In 2006, four years after her death, the Princess's jewels went up for auction at Christie's.  “Among her precious treasures was this early Art Deco bow brooch, with its openwork sapphire and diamond wheel design and calibré-cut sapphire accents set on platinum and gold. “Princess Margaret is claimed to have worn the brooch for the first time when she met members of the New Zealand Women's Association in London when she was 18 years old,” the expert noted. Charlotte continued: “The brooch was included in the 2006 Christie's sale of Princess Margaret's jewellery held in 2006, four years after her death.  “It fetched a handsome £40,800, over 10 times the £3,000 to £4,000 Christie's had estimated it would sell for. “More recently in 2016, auctioneers Woolley & Wallis, in Salisbury, Wiltshire, also offered the piece for sale.” It is unknown how and when she acquired the brooch and unfortunately it was not worn very often. Royal fans took to Instagram praising the jewellery piece.  Instagram user @jaffraycox said: “Ooh! It’s delightful.” Another fan, @thumbptak wrote: “Lovely. I find it very youthful.” Royal watcher @rletizia08 commented saying: “Absolutely Beautiful and stunning.” Instagram account @coudremode added: “Normally bow brooches do nothing for me but I adore this one!” Royal fan @nscott99 said: “Princess Margaret's collection had some really beautiful pieces, often very modern looking. “They suited her personality and style. This brooch is lovely.” 