All over the UK, cities are introducing Clean Air Zones and Low Emissions Zones which charge drivers of petrol and diesel cars for entering urban areas, charging a daily fee to do so and fining owners who don’t pay or whose cars don’t meet the criteria. The Government lays out four types of clean air zone (CAZ) to choose from, split into bands based on the vehicles compelled to pay on entry. While the daily fees vary, they range from around £7 a day for cars which don’t meet emissions regulations, to around £50 for HGVs and buses. And fines are heavy - drivers who don’t pay the fee for London’s ULEZ for instance will face a fine of £160. The charges are raking in millions for authorities, with London's ULEZ netting £600,00 per day after expanding last year. READ MORE: ‘Time to tax EV drivers’ say motorists Most newer cars should meet the standards, with most Low emissions zones allowing Euro 6 vehicles in without charge. But Oxford for instance now has a ‘Zero emissions zone’ which means that only battery powered cars will be allowed to drive within certain areas. All CAZs and LEZs are generally monitored by ANPR cameras which can capture licence plate information to instantly generate penalty fines. However there are ways to circumnavigate CAZs and LEZs by setting navigation apps to not only avoid toll roads but also avoid emissions zones altogether. DON'T MISSWheeler Dealers Mike Brewer believes 2030 car ban will be delayed [INSIGHT]Shocked builder handed 51 driving fines in a day [SHOCKING]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [ANALYSIS] Ru Roberts, UK Country Manager at navigation app Waze exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Working in partnership with TfL, Waze was the first navigation app to support ULEZ routing considerations, helping drivers get to their destination quickly and safely. “Using the app, motorists can select whether their car is ULEZ compliant, allowing for their route to be automatically adjusted to avoid unnecessary fines and toll charges within the restricted areas. “We also send alerts to our drivers if their planned route goes through a ULEZ, allowing them to choose whether or not they want to travel that way. “With future ULEZ zones planned over the next few years in cities including Newcastle, Manchester and Edinburgh, drivers will need further support and guidance when planning their journeys.” Some cities have scrapped plans for CAZs and LEZs however after facing backlash from the likes of businesses and taxi drivers. A CAZ in Leeds was scrapped last year after the council decided it didn’t have the authority to enforce it. Coventry also scrapped a proposed CAZ after the Government approved alternative plans. And Manchester’s CAZ was controversially delayed at a cost of hundreds of thousands after the Mayor Andy Burnham backed locals who said there wasn’t time to implement it. Cities with clean air zones:BathBirminghamPortsmouth Future clean air zones:Bradford will start charging in 2022.Bristol will start charging in late 2022.Greater Manchester (under review). Cities with low emissions zones now or planned:LondonDerbyNorwichYorkPortsmouthNewcastleSheffieldAberdeenEdinburghGlasgowDundee Zero emissions zone:Oxford