Chris Bryant MP questioned the “moral authority and credibility” of Boris Johnson after the PM was found guilty of breaking lockdown rules that he himself put in place. He described the argument that the situation in Ukraine discourages the changing of a PM as “unpersuasive”, saying that, to the contrary, it is the ideal time to find a new leader.    He told LBC: “The one argument that I find very unpersuasive is that we’ve got a national crisis and an international crisis and therefore we can’t change Prime Minister. “My argument is that when you have a crisis, that is when you need a Prime Minister with moral authority and credibility. “It may be that the Prime Minister will have to turn to us in a couple of weeks and say that the situation in Ukraine is considerably worse than I thought. We have to change our strategy. “Will Britain grant him credibility at a moment like that? My argument is that there’s no reason not to change the Prime minister just because of what’s going on in Ukraine.”    A new YouGov poll has shown that more than half of public respondents believe the PM should resign following the fine. Johnson has repeatedly denied accusations that he breached lockdown restrictions, dismissing them as “nonsense” just four days ago. But the Metropolitan police have now issued him a fine for a birthday party held in his honour on June 19, 2020. It makes Johnson the first PM to be found guilty of a criminal offence while in Downing Street. READ MORE: Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak SHOULDN'T resign ‘Ignore it and carry on [INSIGHT]    Johnson has repeatedly joked that his popularity in Ukraine has served as a distraction from an apparent lack of confidence in his leadership. At a party event two weeks ago, he quipped that he was more popular in “Kyiv than Kensington”. But Johnson has been hailed by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky for the British response to the war. While other NATO members have been criticised for a reluctance to stand up to Vladimir Putin, Johnson visited Kyiv over the weekend to pledge further support to Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Putin 'would prefer to deal with Keir' amid Boris quit calls - expert [INSIGHT]Johnson will ‘cling on’ to power despite breaking lockdown rules [REVEAL] Could Boris Johnson appeal his fine? [INSIGHT]    It was estimated that up to 45 letters of no confidence had been submitted against the Prime Minister prior to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. But even Johnson’s fiercest critics in the Conservtaive Party have said it would be irresponsible to instigate a leadership change now. Sir Roger Gale, said it would be a “gross self-indulgence” to try to unseat the PM while he was so heavily involved in the defence of Ukraine against Russian aggression. He said: “My position remains that the fact that the Prime Minister has effectively misled the House of Commons is a very serious issue indeed, but we are in the middle of an international crisis and I am not prepared to give Vladimir Putin the comfort of thinking that we are about to unseat the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and destabilise the coalition against Putin. “So any reaction to this is going to have to wait until we have dealt with the main crisis which is Ukraine and the Donbas.”   