Chelsea could thwart Manchester United's summer transfer plans by hijacking the Red Devils' interest in Villarreal centre-back Pau Torres. Both Premier League giants are expected to enter the defence market ahead of the 2022-23 season and could tussle over Torres' signature. According to Fabrizio Romano, Chelsea and United join Manchester City in their interest in the 25-year-old, who has a £50.6million (€60m) release clause until the end of the summer transfer window. And La Razon have followed it up by reporting that Chelsea would be willing to trigger it. Thomas Tuchel is eyeing Torres as a replacement for Antonio Rudiger, who is set to join Real Madrid on a free transfer. Andreas Christensen is also on his way out when his contract expires in June after reaching an agreement with Barcelona. The Spaniard isn't short of English suitors, and Tottenham Hotspur were also vying for his services last summer. He admitted he snubbed a big-money move to north London to stay with his homeland club after their Europa League success in May. JUST IN: Crystal Palace 'eye bid for Man Utd's Aaron Wan-Bissaka' in summer La Razon add that despite the financial package Villarreal will receive from their memorable Champions League run, they will facilitate his departure. And the growing interest from the Premier League and its financial power would make it difficult to hold onto him for another season. United were also strongly linked with Torres last summer as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer sought to add a centre-back to his ranks after completing the capture of Jadon Sancho. Some club figures viewed him as a prime target, but the club opted for a £34million deal for Real Madrid superstar Raphael Varane. READ MORE: Wayne Rooney ‘tempted’ by Burnley job after snubbing Man Utd role The Red Devils will be back in for a central defender this summer after a calamitous campaign highlighted numerous issues at the back. Varane has struggled for fitness in his debut season in England whilst there are increasing doubts over Harry Maguire's quality and capabilities as captain, just three years after an £80m move from Leicester. But United could need an extra man with Axel Tuanzebe, Phil Jones, and Eric Bailly expected to depart on permanent transfers this summer. Incoming manager Erik ten Hag could bring Jurrien Timber, who can also play as a right-back, with him to Old Trafford. But Torres could be a first-choice target, given the club's long-standing interest. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here