Queen Elizabeth II and the late Prince Philip were married for more than seven decades, until his death on April 9, 2021. The couple boasted the longest marriage in British royal history. However, their courtship wasn't smooth sailing at the beginning and it is reported that the Queen had to put her foot down for the love she wanted. Alberto Angela, the host of Italian documentary series Ulisse, discussed the pair's fight to wed. Speaking previously on Rai 1's series Ulisse, Mr Angela said: "Marriage was one of Elizabeth's greatest victories and a clear affirmation of her personality. "To be honest, her parents weren't quite convinced of that handsome officer. Yes, he belonged to the Royal Family of Greece but his sisters had married German nobles who were involved with the Nazi Party. Philip was also penniless. He added that Elizabeth "had always been very obedient, at least in love wanted to do her own thing" and that, in the end, "she managed to win". READ MORE: ‘Every reason to worry’ Meghan ally frets over Queen ‘alone’ with ‘unsympathetic' staff Mr Angela said: "Philip, however, had to give up his foreign titles and become Duke of Edinburgh taking a British surname, that of his uncle Mountbatten. "The dynasty remained Windsor, but the surname of the descendants, excluding the heirs to the throne, will be Mountbatten-Windsor." The Queen and Philip were married on November 20, 1947 at Westminster Abbey. After their first meeting, the young Princess Elizabeth became smitten with Philip. Her governess recorded that the now-Queen was drawn to Philip's "Viking good looks". READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry could have 'commuter arrangement' in Royal Family after Megxit When he was in his mid-20s, Philip was given permission by King George VI to marry his daughter. This was on the condition that they wait until Elizabeth was 21. In 1952, just five years after their marriage, Philip and Elizabeth's lives changed forever. While Elizabeth was touring Kenya, her father, King George VI, died and at age 25, she became Queen Elizabeth II. When Elizabeth became Queen, Philip gave up his career in the Royal Navy to support his wife. In 1957, five years after she ascended to the throne, the Queen made Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh, a prince of the United Kingdom. DON'T MISS Queen Camilla would have had Diana's blessing, claims royal expert [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's mother Diana admitted 'Easter always difficult time' [REVEAL]Kate Middleton recycles baby blue Emilia Wickstead dress for Easter  [REPORT] During their 73-year marriage, the pair welcomed four children. The couple have sons Prince Charles, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward, as well as a daughter, Princess Anne. In 2017, at the age of 96, Philip retired from official royal duties. The Queen is celebrating 70 years on the throne this year. Her Platinum Jubilee celebrations will begin in June.