UPDATE ONE: The Manchester City and Liverpool team news is in ahead of today's big FA Cup clash at Wembley this afternoon. Both City and Liverpool have each made seven changes to the teams that played midweek in the Champions League. Notable changes include Kevin de Bruyne being left on the City bench and Luis Diaz coming into attack for the Reds. Man City XI: Steffen, Cancelo, Stones, Ake, Zinchenko, Fernandinho, Bernardo, Foden, Grealish, Jesus, Sterling Liverpool XI: Alisson, Alexander-Arnold, Konate, Van Dijk, Robertson, Fabinho, Thiago, Keita, Diaz, Mane, Salah ORIGINAL: Manchester City are once again taking on Liverpool in a blockbuster FA Cup semi-final today. The last time these two sides clashed it was an unmissable affair, with City and Liverpool playing out a breathless 2-2 draw at the Etihad last weekend. If you want to tune into today's game you'll be able to watch all the action via BBC iPlayer, as BBC One will be broadcasting the game (which kicks-off at 3.30pm UK time) exclusively live. Both Manchester City and Liverpool are going after plenty of silverware this season, and the FA Cup is crucial to their aspirations. Liverpool are in the running for an unprecedented quadruple this season, and will need to win today at Wembley to keep these hopes alive. City, meanwhile, could emulate the 1998/99 achievements of big rivals Manchester United this season if they win the treble. Whichever way the result goes, judging by these two sides previous clashes, this is one game this weekend you won't want to miss out.  You can tune in and watch coverage of Manchester City vs Liverpool on BBC One from 3pm, with kick-off at 3.30pm. BBC iPlayer - which can be accessed via apps for your Android or iOS devices, PlayStation and Xbox consoles, smart TV, streaming devices like a Fire on through a web browser - will also be broadcasting the big game. Unfortunately, if you're outside of the UK right now, your BBC iPlayer app might not work as you'd expect. That's because iPlayer Sky – just like Netflix, Prime Video and a number of other services – places restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below... 