GAME PS5 stock will become available to buy once again this week. The high-street retailer, which has long been one of the best places to purchase a PS5 in the UK, has updated its PlayStation 5 hub page to say its next batch of stock will have a release date of Thursday April 14. This update to the GAME website indidicates PS5 stock could be available to order as early as Wednesday April 13 (ahead of orders being dispatched the following day) or on Thursday April 14. A restock time of between 9am and 11.30am is anticipated on the day that PS5 orders open up once again on the GAME website. At the time of writing, the GAME website has 27 different PS5 purchase options listed online that have a April 14 release date. This includes standalone PS5 Disc and Digital consoles as well as a range of bundles.  PS5 bundles listed on the GAME website include two of this year's must-have PlayStation exclusives - Gran Turismo 7 and Horizon Forbidden West. While other bundles also include essential PS5 games such as Marvel's Spider-Man Miles Morales, Ratchet & Clank Rift Apart and the Ghost of Tsushima Director's Cut. The GAME restock comes in what's been a very busy week already for PS5 stock drops, with the in-demand console from Sony also becoming available to buy at fellow UK retailers Argos, Smyths Toys, Currys and PlayStation Direct. If you've never tried purchasing a PS5 from GAME, or haven't done so in awhile, then there's a few important things to point out that could help you secure an order.  Firstly, standalone PS5 Disc and Digital consoles tend to sell out the quickest during a GAME restock so you'll have more chance of getting an order in if you go after a bundle. Also, GAME customers in the past have reported that they've had more success using Guest checkout to complete an order as opposed to logging in to their GAME account. And finally, if you're able to it's best to use multiple devices to try and secure an order once GAME PS5 stock goes live. So that means heading to the GAME website on your mobile, laptop and tablet to try and place an order once PlayStation 5 stock goes live. 