Britain's Got Talent host Ant McPartlin was bandaged up by medics after he split his forehead open after headbutting a coconut. The ITV star was standing beside Declan Donnelly at the show's auditions as he was checked over by the first aid team.     Ant had no idea he was bleeding until Dec pointed out the injury. Dozens of coconuts were set up on stage as part of an act and Ant tried to crack one using different parts of his body. Firstly, he punched it, proclaiming: "Do not punch coconuts kids, it really hurts. I think I nearly broke my knuckle." After tapping it against his head, he said: "Why did you say forehead? Because I was bound to try..." Dec then proceeded to tell him he had cut his head. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy  Ant pointed behind the camera and told someone behind the scenes: "How irresponsible are you?" The medic joked with the injured star, telling him he would need to change his dressing every day for three weeks. Ant saw the funny side of the minor injury, saying: "This is very extreme for a little tap on the forehead." Although he was not done yet as Ant was soon back on stage attempting to crack more coconuts.  The series has been in the spotlight a number of times since it returned for the 2022 season. Fans were keen to see what weird and wonderful acts would take to the stage as the show was unable to air last year. However, the show has received plenty of backlash with fans stating "fix" claims after certain acts were put through to the semi-finals. Amanda Holden was called out for putting through US professional singer Loren Allred, following her breathtaking rendition of The Greatest Showman hit, Never Enough. DON'T MISS... BGT dealt another blow as dance appear in final of French series Amanda Holden bursts into tears over golden buzzer act Simon Cowell 'explodes' at David Williams after jibes about his looks The star provided the voice for the track that was branded a fan-favourite in the iconic film. Simon Cowell also received criticism for giving his golden buzzer to comedian Axel Blake. Fans discovered he already had his own comedy show and felt there were other acts that deserved a platform. Ant and Dec are yet to allocate their golden buzzer this year, so fans will be eagerly awaiting their choice.  Their last chosen act was musician Jon Courtenay, who went on to win the series. The two hosts hope to pick the 2022 winner and prove their taste in talent is second to none. Despite the backlash, many fans have shown their support for the competition series that continues to provide a form of escapism.  