UPDATE: Xur is back in Destiny 2 with the merchant moving to a new location today. Guardians on the hunt for Xur will be able to find the merchant in a popular spot. Xur has set up shop in the EDZ at the Winding Cove on a cliff. The merchant will be there until the next Destiny 2 weekly reset. If you're wondering what Xur has in stock then here are the items available to buy... - Prometheus Lens - Getaway Artist - Armamentarium - The Bombardiers ORIGINAL: Xur is returning to Destiny 2 today with the sought-after merchant setting up shop in a new location. Last time around Xur was at one of his regular hangout spots, the Tower in the Hangar. And following the weekly reset a few days ago Xur will be moving to a new location today at 6pm UK time. Express.co.uk will update this article once Xur's new location in Destiny 2 has been discovered. In case you're wondering what type of Exotics Xur could have in stock today, here's what the merchant was selling last time around... The Queenbreaker Skull of Dire Ahamkara ACD/0 Feedback Fence Ophidia Spathe In other Destiny 2 news, this week Bungie revealed a few details about changes Guardians will notice in season 17 which launches next month. The new Destiny season is out on May 24 and ahead of this the Destiny 2 makers teased some upcoming sandbox changes.  In the latest This Week at Bungie the Destiny devs said: "In Season 17 the sandbox team is making changes across all aspects of the sandbox to improve the player experience of PvP. Here are the weapons team's goals to support that." These changes include reducing the number of one-hit kills in PvP, addressing excessive flinch which is a frequent complaint from gamers and introducing levers to tune how players build for airborne gunplay. In season 17 Bungie will also be changing how Glaives interact with weapon and armor perks. Bungie said: "A Glaive melee is a basic melee attack, not a weapon attack, doesn't consume ammo and deals Kinetic damage. So, it's more like an unpowered punch than a Sword swing.  "Allowing buffs to weapon damage to apply to Glaive melees would be too powerful for something without an ammo limitation, particularly in PvP where even a small damage buff would allow for incredibly fast two hit kills. Also, in general we'd prefer to increase Glaive melee damage directly (as we're doing, in fact!) instead of effectively making weapon damage perks mandatory on Glaives. "Glaives already have a long lunge distance, and increasing this at all results in unreliable behavior over the network, so no melee lunge distance buffs apply to Glaive melees." Here are some of the Glaive changes Bungie is looking at... - Glaive melees should activate perks that trigger off base melee damage or kills (for example, ammo refill from Grave Robber, weapon damage buff 5x stacks on Swashbuckler, ammo refill from Sealed Ahamkara Grasps) - Glaive melees should not activate perks that trigger off powered melee damage or kills, or require expending subclass melee energy (such as Combination Blow or Assassin's Cowl) - Glaive melees should benefit from melee damage buffs (such as Winter's Guile or Wormgod Caress) - Glaive melees should not benefit from weapon damage buffs (such as Rampage, Kill Clip, Swashbuckler) - Glaive projectiles should benefit from weapon damage buffs 