Last month, Kate and Prince William embarked on an eight-day royal tour to the Caribbean. During the first leg of their trip, they visited Belize. Whilst in Belize, the couple released an incredible video, via their official social media platforms, of them scuba diving. In the video, Kate and Prince William can be seen jumping in the water and swimming around the unique Caribbean habitat. The video sparked frenzy as many royal fans noticed Kate was wearing her engagement ring under the water, questions arose as to whether the ring seen was a replica "fake" or in fact, the original. Speaking on the Royally Obsessed podcast hosts Rachel Bowie and Roberta Fiorito discussed the scuba diving video. Speaking about the ring, Ms Bowie said: "I just want to know was she really wearing her engagement ring?" Ms Fiorito added: "It must be a stand in, right?" Ms Bowie said: "Yes, there's no way, like, who would allow that" "There's not enough insurance on that ring and it's irreplaceable" READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen labelled 'shocking' She added: "In the screengrabs that are caught she has a big rock on her finger, what else could it be?" Ms Fiorito noted that maybe they are "that confident in her scuba abilities" that the Duchess could retrieve it. "If she dropped it, she would find it" The pair concluded that the ring could be "a tight fit" on the Duchess' hand. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited the Caribbean as part of the royal celebrations for Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee this year. As well as Belize, the couple made stops in Jamaica and the Bahamas. READ MORE: Queen 'compartmentalising' with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle: 'Very strong' When the Cambridges' arrived at their second destination of Jamaica, they faced protesters in Kingston. These were protests demanding reparations for slavery. The trip, although largely an environmentally themed one for the couple, takes place at a crucial time for the monarchy as several nations within the Commonwealth have considered cutting ties with the British monarchy. Due to the tensions, it was stated that the Queen position as head of state in Jamaica is at risk as the Caribbean nation plans to become a republic before the year is over. Jamaica has been independent for almost six decades and will celebrate 60 years of independence in August. Speculation swept through the island nations, with many wanting to follow in the footsteps of Barbados and end their association with Britain as a colonial power. DON'T MISS 'You think they're scroungers?' Brit erupts at Royal Family [VIDEO]Ukrainians forced to drink sewage water as Russian atrocities exposed [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William tipped to 'take control' [LIVE BLOG] The 95-year-old had been Barbados’ head of state since it became independent in 1966. The Queen is not only head of state in the UK and Jamaica but also in 15 other countries, including Australia, Canada, and New Zealand. In November, Her Majesty was formally removed as head of state in Barbados and Prince Charles was in attendance at the handover ceremony as guest of honour. Although there is no confirmation, the removal could be a “swift process” and could happen as early as this August. Mr Holness spoke in December and said that there was “no question that Jamaica has to become a republic”.