 Last Saturday marked a year since the death of the Duke of Edinburgh, who passed just months before his 100th birthday. On the anniversary, Royal Family members paid a heartfelt tribute to Philip by sharing a video montage in his honour on social media. The clip shows footage of the Duke of Edinburgh at various points of his life, accompanied by a reading of ‘The Patriarchs ‒ An Elegy’ by Poet Laureate Simon Armitage. Originally published on the day of Philip’s funeral last year, the poem pays tribute to the Duke’s distinguished Royal Navy career, and describes the royal’s generation as “husbands to duty”, “great-grandfathers from birth” and “last of the great avuncular magicians”. Philip was the longest serving royal consort in history, while he was married to the Queen for 73 years. From 1956 to 1957 the Duke of Edinburgh travelled around the world aboard the newly commissioned HMY Britannia, while the Queen and their children remained at home. During the tour Philip became the first royal to cross the Antarctic Circle by visiting the Antarctic while he also opened the 1956 Olympic Games in Melbourne. Read More: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry snubbed over invite  However a number of unsubstantiated claims of adultery plagued Philip upon his return to the UK. As rumours grew about Philip’s alleged affairs, the Queen asserted her husband’s importance to the country and to her by making him a prince. Speaking on ITV documentary ‘Philip: Prince, Father, Husband’, Mr Brandreth said that by making Philip a prince, the Queen was saying “up yours” to everybody else. Mr Brandreth, who is author of ‘Philip: The Final Portrait’, said: “I think he was very pleased that the Queen made him a prince of the United Kingdom, in recognition of the tour he’d just made.  “People don’t realise that for ten years he wasn’t a prince at all. “When he became a British citizen, he gave up being a prince of Greece and became the Duke of Edinburgh, so she was saying ‘up yours’ to everybody else.” Philip and the then-Princess Elizabeth married at Westminster Abbey on November 20, 1947, reportedly against the wishes of some members of the Firm at the time. According to royal biographer Philip Eade, even before their wedding some Royal Family members thought Philip was “rough, ill-mannered, uneducated, and would probably not be faithful.” Don't Miss:George's 'inherent disparity' to siblings to become 'horribly known'[OPINION]Queen's Guards' bearskin hats' historic link to Battle of Waterloo[INSIGHT]Prince William kept photo of Diana's love rival on dartboard at Eton[ANALYSIS]  However, the marriage was a “love match” and Philip was often romantic with Her Majesty in their youth, according to Mr Brandreth. Mr Brandreth said: “The Duke of Edinburgh did not view the world through rose-tinted spectacles, but he was a person of great feeling. “And sometimes we get access to letters from him when he and the Queen were young. “You see that he was romantic in that sense; it was a love match, no doubt about it at all.”  Fellow royal author Penny Junor added: “After Philip married Princess Elizabeth, he wrote to Elizabeth’s mother, then the Queen, saying ‘Lilibet is the only thing in the world which is absolutely real to me. “‘My ambition is to weld the two of us into a new combined existence that will not only be able to withstand the shocks directed at us, but also have a positive existence for the good.’” Ms Junor added “It shows a much softer side of Philip. “This is a man who never revealed his emotions.”  The Queen is thought to have been at Windsor Castle on Saturday, marking the first anniversary of her husband’s passing in private. The monarch had appeared tearful as she made her first public appearance in five months at a service of thanksgiving for Philip at Westminster Abbey on March 29. She had also used her Christmas message to pay a moving tribute to the Duke, describing how his “mischievous, enquiring twinkle was as bright at the end as when I first set eyes on him.”