Property expert Laura, 39, talked about the future of A Place in the Sun while chatting exclusively to Express.co.uk. She hinted a spin-off series might be on the cards as she talked about how viewers would enjoy the chance to see updates on previous guests and what they got up to after making the big move documented in the Channel 4 show. The programme sometimes provides small updates online on guests who have settled into a new country for either full or part-time residency. When asked if this could soon become a show of it's own, Laura stated: "We haven't [done much of that] at the moment. "We're not making a TV show of it, but I think the beauty now is a lot of us keep in contact with the people that we filmed with and helped find homes. "And if we go back to similar destinations I will always sort of contact my house hunters if I'm in the area and say, 'you know, I'm in the area, can I can I pop in the sea for a cup of tea or, you know, are you here?' READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series "And so then we'll catch up and it's always lovely to go back. So we do it personally. "But I think it would be it would be lovely if there was an opportunity for us to show the viewers at home. "Because I think it is something that people are quite interested in, what happens next." She added "People are interested in seeing it and it's nice for us. "And I guess we then sometimes share those stories on our social media. "But who knows? Who knows? Watch this space, it might be something that we get to see on TV." Laura also opened up on how the weather can affect the mood and success of a house hunt on the sun-seeking show. "It's actually happening a little bit at the moment," she admitted. "In fact, I just got a text message from Jas [Harman] and she said to me, 'Oh, no, it's really raining in Spain, what's the weather like where you are in Italy?' DON'T MISS... Loose Women's Carol blasts Harry and Meghan over balcony appearance [LATEST]Anne Darwin defended by journalist who broke canoe story [VIDEO]Lorraine skewers Starmer over calls for Johnson to resign [INTERVIEW] "And I'm like, 'You know, it's not been much better, to be honest.' "We've had like a few weeks [of bad weather] and that does make it hard when you're tired and you're trying to show people properties on A Place in the Sun and then it's not sunny." She added: "But you know, if that's the hardship of it, then it's not really hard. "Because you're still getting to travel and explore and meet people and stuff. "So I think we've just been a little bit unfortunate in the last couple of weeks, but most of the time the sun is shining." Laura has been on A Place in the Sun since 2012, and said she is very much "part of the team". "It's a fantastic job, I absolutely love it," she continued. "I love being part of the team, long may it continue." A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4 or can be viewed on All4.