A cleaning expert from household cleaning and laundry product company Dri Pak has shared how to remove unpleasant odours from washing machines using natural products. When washing machines are not regularly cleaned, debris and limescale can build up causing unpleasant smells. The cleaning pro from Dri Pak said: “Do you ever open your washing machine expecting the smell of clean laundry, only to be met with the odour of damp and mould? “The low temperatures that we wash at today along with the gentle detergents that we use can often lead to a build up of bacteria inside the machine.” The cleaning expert suggested using soda crystals and white vinegar. They stated: "If you repeat [the following] steps once a month, your machine will stay clean, fresh-smelling and free of residue and limescale build-up. It's that simple." Soda crystals are known for their ability to cut through grease, stains and dirt in laundry. They can also be used to give the washing machine itself a good clean. The expert added: “The first thing we need to do is take out the detergent drawer and pop it in the sink. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants “To clean the drawer, we’re going to use some white vinegar and a toothbrush.” The Dri Pak cleaning expert gave the drawer a thorough spray with the white vinegar and then scrubbed the interior of the drawer with the toothbrush. Homeowners should aim to scrub away any residue or excess detergent. The door seal of the washing machine should also be cleaned with white vinegar. Give the seal a good spray with the white vinegar and brush it with a washing up brush.  DON'T MISSUse plants as a ‘natural pesticide’ to get rid of slugs this spring [INSIGHT]Monty Don: ‘Biggest mistake’ houseplant owners make is overwatering [UPDATE]Lawn weeds: Why you should avoid using salt weedkiller on grass [ANALYSIS] Next, homeowners can clean the inside of the drum with the soda crystals. The expert added: “Pour half a packet of the soda crystals into the drum. “What these do is help to flush away any debris and build up from inside the drum and the waste pipe, leaving the machine smelling nice and fresh.” The drum was filled with the soda crystals and the door closed. The cleaning expert said to pour vinegar into the conditioner drawer. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This should dissolve any detergent residue and limescale. Homeowners should put their machine on the hottest cycle when cleaning it with soda crystals and white vinegar. Dri-pak clean and natural white vinegar is available for £2 from Ocado and B&Q.  Stardrops White Vinegar Spray is 89p from The Range. Wilko Original White Vinegar Spray is £1.50. Dri Pak Fine Soda Crystals are 80p from Sainsbury’s and Ocado. Wilko Original Soda Crystals is £1.50.