Novak Djokovic has lost his first tour final of 2022 after going down to Andrey Rublev at the Serbia Open. Playing in front of his home crowd, Djokovic recovered from a poor opening set to force a decider, but was then blown away by his Russian opponent 6-0 as he appeared to fade physically in the closing stages. In his first final in 2022, in what is only his third tournament due to his refusal to be vaccinated against Covid-19, Djokovic started poorly as Rublev romped to the first set 6-2. The Serbian responded however, winning a tense second set tie-break 7-6. It was the Russian who took back control in the decider though, winning his opening service game before breaking the World No 1. He cemented that break to open up a 3-0 lead, and then found himself at 15-40 and virtual match point. Djokovic saved the first point, but a ruthless Rublev took the next chance and at 4-0, the final seemed all but over. And he again consolidated to move 5-0 up before closing out matters by breaking a third time to clinch his 11th tour title, the winning point a sublime backhand winner. JUST IN: Andy Murray to 'defend' Wimbledon decision to ban Russian and Belarusian players  Afterwards, Djokovic was humble in defeat, telling his rival: "Congratulations, you are a great champion, a great guy, and Belgrade and Serbia love you. So please come back to defend your title." For Djokovic, the week has at least represented his first prolonged return to match action since he missed the Australian Open following an explosive saga over his visa. All three of his wins in Belgrade, including his semi final success over another Russian player, Karen Khachanov, came over three sets. DON'T MISS:Carlos Alcaraz makes 'god' statement as Rafael Nadal comparisons heap on the pressureATP and WTA 'meeting in Madrid' to discuss scrapping ranking points at Wimbledon this yearAndrey Rublev torn apart for 'uneducated' Wimbledon ban view as he's branded a 'hypocrite' The tournament win was the perfect response from Rublev after a controversial week, which saw all Russian and Belarusian players banned from competing at Wimbledon this year. The 24-year-old was incensed at the decision, calling on organisers to instead donate his prize money to the Ukraine. Djokovic was one of the many to support his cause. The ATP and WTA have also warned the All England Tennis Club of potential legal action.