Having experienced a winter beset by Covid outbreaks and ongoing supply chain issues for its manufacturing sector Germany now sits as one of Europe's most exposed economies to the Ukraine conflict owing to its heavy dependence on Russian gas and other commodities. Amid this backdrop confidence among investors and analysts has seen a record decline according to recent survey data with life in Germany becoming more expensive than it has been at any time in the last 40 years. The ZEW Indicator of Economic Sentiment has fallen further for April to give a new reading of -41 points, representing a worsening assessment of the economic situation in Germany. ZEW President Professor Achim Wambach said: "The ZEW Indicator of Economic Sentiment remains at a low level.  "The experts are pessimistic about the current economic situation and assume that it will continue to deteriorate. "The decline in inflation expectations, which cuts the previous month’s considerable increase by about half, gives some cause for hope. "However, the prospect of stagflation over the next six months remains." The index, which is based on survey responses, ranges between 100 and -100 with anything under 0 representing negative outlook.  Since February it has fallen from 54.3 points. The worsening outlook is underscored by inflation readings from Germany with previous estimates of 7.3 percent for March confirmed today. The figures put inflation well beyond its highest level since reunification with comparisons to the situation following the start of the Iran-Iraq war which also produced a shock for energy prices. Dr Georg Thiel, President of the Federal Statistical Office, said: "In addition to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russian war against Ukraine now also has a marked impact on the rate of price increase in Germany, especially for heating oil, motor fuels and natural gas as well as some food products."  As in previous readings energy has continued to be the biggest driver with energy prices up 39.5 percent year on year. Meanwhile disruption to supply chains has continued with the Ukraine conflict adding to existing bottlenecks. Food prices showed a 6.2 percent increase, particularly in Ukraine's key export of sunflower oil and rapeseed oil which saw a 30 percent increase. Concern has been growing in Germany that the pressures from inflation could tip the economy into recession given it already recorded one quarter of negative growth last year with central bank the Bundesbank warning of the possibility.   DON'T MISS: China becomes latest victim to surging inflation [SPOTLIGHT] Redundancies rise as National Insurance hike hits [REVEAL] Russia threatens legal action over default [ANALYSIS] Chancellor Olaf Scholz has warned this risk would be almost certain if a complete block on Russian energy came into effect. In the meantime soaring prices alone stand to put a major strain on household and businesses finances with a resulting squeeze on spending and investment. Claus Vistesen, Chief Eurozone Economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said: "We are unconvinced that the recent dip in oil and gas prices is the beginning of a more sustained fall. "The prospect of an energy embargo on Russian imports—either overnight or over a longer period—still looms, which would lead to a surge in energy prices." Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg