Tottenham have been urged to sign Inter Milan striker Lautaro Martinez this summer, despite reports he will cost around £66m. Spurs captain Harry Kane continues to be linked with a move away from north London, despite another fine season in white. Former Tottenham goalkeeper Paul Robinson thinks the club should go all in on signing Lautaro Martinez this summer. Reports from Italy claim that Spurs boss Antonio Conte is keen to reunite with the Argentine in north London. It is understood that Martinez will cost somewhere in the region of £66m, and Inter are willing to cash in on the 24-year-old. Robinson thinks the deal would be a good one for Tottenham as it can elevate them to the likes of Liverpool. Having seen Liverpool build an imperious front three of Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino, though more recently rotated with Diogo Jota and Luis Diaz, Robinson thinks building a deadly trio would take Spurs to the next level. JUST IN: Arsenal rinsed by Redmond as Southampton ace's jibe caught on camera “I think he would take Spurs to a different level,” he told Football Insider. “He’s an amazing player. Spurs have a great front three but they cannot play every week. Jurgen Klopp has found that out with his front three. He has five players in rotation for those positions. “As well as Spurs’ front three are doing at the moment they cannot play every game. It is a squad game now more than ever. DON'T MISS...West Ham star Vlasic in tears after Westwood suffers horror injuryRomelu Lukaku given deadline to save Chelsea career in stark warningArsenal ace Martinelli can be the answer to Arteta's top-four problems “When you talk about Martinez coming in we are assuming that Kane will still be there but I’m not sure he will. His aspirations will not have changed. He has a good relationship with Conte but he will want to win titles.” Martinez still has four years left to run on his contract at the San Siro, so a move seems unlikely at this stage. However, if Manchester United or City come calling again for Kane this summer, Spurs will be in need of serious reinforcements up front, with a large wad of cash to play with in their pockets.