Romelu Lukaku would be a perfect replacement for Harry Kane if the England captain leaves Spurs, according to Darren Bent. Manchester United are reportedly interested in signing Kane this summer. The Telegraph says the Red Devils are prepared to give Erik ten Hag a war chest if he accepts the offer to become the club's next manager. And England captain Kane is one of the players United would target. Kane wanted to leave Spurs last summer to join Manchester City. However, they rejected all offers from the Premier League champions. Bent reckons Kane will stay at Tottenham if Antonio Conte remains in charge. But he says if Spurs do lose their star man, then Lukaku would be the perfect fit having played under Conte in the past. READ MORE: Antonio Conte using same Romelu Lukaku trick on Kulusevski with two things banned  Bent said on talkSPORT: "As long as Antonio Conte is there, I don't think Harry Kane will go anywhere. It looks like he's getting the best out of him, there's a real mutual respect there you'd have to say. "But if the worse came to the worse and Harry Kane did leave and go elsewhere, if they could get Lukaku in, we've seen Conte get the best out of Romelu Lukaku. Even down to his nutrition, that was the best I've ever seen him look last season and at the start of this season. "If there's an opportunity and Kane leaves and Conte can get Lukaku, I'd go out all day to get him, all day. I think someone who has got Premier League experience, there'd be no one better to bring in to replace Harry Kane. "I know they're completely different in terms of players, Harry Kane dropping in, technically a better footballer. But Lukaku would be an adequate replacement, certainly with what he did with Antonio Conte already. So, I would." DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu left with egg on his face after double Kulusevski mistake [OPINION]Dele Alli struggles blamed on Everton as Neil Warnock makes wild transfer claim [QUOTES]Barcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal talks for Arsenal star Gabriel [GOSSIP]  Lukaku joined Chelsea from Inter last summer for a club-record fee of £97.5million. However, the Belgian has struggled during his first season back at the club and has fallen out of favour under Thomas Tuchel. Kane has been in scintillating form for Spurs of late and Conte has spoken glowingly about the 28-year-old. The Italian said: "I think Harry Kane deserves an important position in the world of football. "Harry is of the right age to show that he can be one of the best in the world, and also in history. He is already doing that, because he has scored a lot of goals for the club and for the national team, and he is their captain. "He has the right age to consolidate and to be one of the best in the world and for sure, his role is not a typical role because he is a No 9 but can also become a No 10 because of his quality." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 