The Chase's Anne "The Governess" Hegerty and Shaun "The Dark Destroyer" Wallace dropped their master quiz personas as dived into their family line on the ITV show DNA Journey. The show has previously seen celebrities learning heartwarming and shocking connections from their ancestors and is now back for another season. In the most recent episode, Anna's past took the pair to Liverpool while Shaun's had them travel to Jamaica. Already being friends, their bond grew stronger in the episode as they learnt more about their past and about themselves and each other. Opening up on her childhood, Anne said: "I was quite a troubled child because, in those days, people didn't know how to spot autism. "So nobody could quite work out what it was that was so high maintenance about me." Anne has spoken about her autism candidly in the past and didn't shy away from being her authentic self while appearing on I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!. Read More: Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos now?  Opening up about his co-star, Shaun added: "You know, we all rallied around to support her, and that's the way we are, I suppose. "That the respect we do have for each other, not only as chasers but as friends." Later in the show, Anne opened up more about her childhood and divulged: "I tend to be in a way rather cynical about families. "People say, ‘were you brought up in a nuclear family?’ and I was like, ‘It kind of exploded, so yeah’.    "My dad left home just before Christmas. He left my mother a note saying, ‘For Christmas 1970, one house free from husband.’'” There was good news for Anne while in Liverpool, and she received a DNA Journey text alert where she met a fourth cousin once removed while also learning more about her ancestor who was in the navy. In a surprise twist, she learned that Queen Elizabeth II was her 19th cousin. While in Jamaica, Shaun got to visit locations significant to his long lost relatives and briefly experience what it was like for them to live in Jamaica. DON’T MISS…Dan Walker quits BBC Breakfast as he lands hosting role on Channel 5  [LATEST]'I'm going to get roasted' University Challenge finalists despair over drag slang round [LATEST]Derry Girls writer claims Brexiteers 'didn't know what they were voting for' [LATEST]   Watching the show back live, Anne Hegerty even tweeted herself and pointed out how often she was surprised on the show. She said: "Do I ever stop saying wow? Other words are available! #DNAJourney." EastEnders actress Rita Simons replied and said: "I know some words you say Anne. And they definitely ain't 'wow' and THAT is why I love ya! X." @greendragongen1 added: "Loving your excitement though! Family history is full of wow moments #DNAJourney." @Natureroots72 spotted their chemistry and said: "#DNAJourney Love these two together (Anne and Shaun). "Lovely genuinely supportive friendship. #FriendshipGoals." "Aww @TheShaunWallace & @Anne_hegerty on #DNAJouey are so cute together," Amanda Allcock echoed. (sic) Other celebrities participating in the show include Coronation Street co-stars Dame Maureen Lipman and Rula Lenska and Dancing on Ice judges, and Olympic ice skaters Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean. DNA Journeys airs Tuesday on ITV at 9pm 