These deals, known as “social tariffs”, are available to those who are in receipt of certain qualifying benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). The main benefit, which needs to be claimed to receive support from social tariffs, is Universal Credit. Various broadband providers, including BT and Virgin Media, offer social tariffs to eligible consumers which could see households save £144 a year. However, the UK’s media regulator Ofcom is warning that only 55,000 homes have taken advantage of this discount so far. This is the equivalent of 1.2 percent of all eligible households, suggesting that many people are unaware they can claim this support. A recent affordability report by Ofcom found that nearly 1.1 million households across the UK are struggling to pay their broadband bill. The number of households dealing with this issue rises to one in ten among the country’s low income earners. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  On top of this, soaring inflation and energy bills is adding further pressure to families who find themselves at risk of choosing between food and heating, as well as internet access. Switching to a social tariff discount could offer Universal Credit claimants some relief as the cost of living reaches to new heights. On its website, Ofcom provides a hypothetical example of how much recipients of the DWP benefit can save if they claim a social tariff. The regulator stated: “For example, a standard commercial broadband package costs an unemployed person claiming Universal Credit an average of £27 per month – or 8.3 percent of their monthly disposable income. DON'T MISS:  “A £15 social tariff would almost halve their broadband costs and use up 4.6 percent of disposable income.” Lindsey Fussell, Ofcom's Network and Communications’ group director, emphasised why making broadband affordable is a priority during the cost of living crisis. Ms Fussell explained: “People rely on their broadband for staying in touch, working and learning from home. But for those who are really struggling with rising bills, every penny counts. “Special discounts can make all the difference, and too many broadband firms are failing either to promote their social tariff or to offer one at all. “We expect companies to step up support for those on low incomes, and we’ll be watching their response.” Recently, Ofcom has called on broadband providers to promote their social tariffs more often and make information on how to claim clearer on their websites. In regards to the discount, Ms Fussell noted the importance of making social tariffs more accessible for those on Universal Credit. She added: “Phone and broadband are vital to our lives, but many households’ budgets are being seriously squeezed. “So it’s crucial that people who are struggling to afford their bills get the support they need. “We’ve set out clear expectations on the steps providers should take, and we’ll be keeping a close eye on firms to make sure they’re treating customers fairly.” The following broadband providers offer social tariffs to their eligible customers: Universal Credit claimants who believe they may be entitled to this support, and who are customers of one of the listed internet companies, should contact their provider directly for support.