Inflation climbed to a new high this week, but nevertheless, research from local services marketplace Airtasker found one in five people still plan on moving home this year. The company, which connects people who need work done with skilled experts, has teamed up with property expert Phil Spencer to share top tips on how to move home smoothly, as well as what to look for when viewing a home. Viewing multiple properties can be stressful and it can be hard to know what to look for on viewing day. Viewing homes on the market can also be incredibly time-consuming. Prospective buyers should look out for rising damp and mould, but everything else can “be solved”, according to Phil Spencer. He told Express.co.uk: “With the possible exception of rising damp or timber wood rot, all other issues can be solved. READ MORE: Britain’s most expensive seaside town named “So I would really concentrate on the bare bones of the property, the size of it, the look of it, the view of it, the room configuration. “Those are the things to concentrate on, particularly on the first viewing.” Phil also recommended potential homebuyers ask themselves questions such as “does it feel right?”, and “is it in the right place?”. He added: “What are the neighbours like? What’s the environment like? How big is it? Does that marry up with your expectations of value?” DON'T MISS:Most expensive household appliances to run - and how to cut costs [EXPLAINER]Steps to ‘revive’ the grass this spring to create a ‘thicker’ lawn [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean vertical blinds - ‘smells amazing’ [COMMENT] If the property stands out as a high contender, Phil said a second viewing might be ideal. The second viewing could be an opportunity to ask more in detail about the property. Phil said: “Come back and see it for a second time at a different time of day, then that’s the time to get into the details of mould, condensation.” According to Envirovent, condensation damp is the most common type of damp, affecting almost one in five homes in the UK. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If not treated or recognised early, it can cause health problems including bad headaches and respiratory issues. When it comes to moving home, the expert also shared top tips for making the process run as smoothly as possible. He said: “Write yourself a moving checklist and do it early so you can map out your to-do list and timeline for what’s involved with your move. I’d recommend writing your checklist as soon as you’ve decided you’d like to move or at three months before you move. "Think methodically when you write your checklist and don’t forget to include any small tasks as these often go a long way to help things run smoothly. I’d always recommend decluttering your space, getting rid of any unwanted items one month before your move so you’re not packing any unnecessary items on moving day. “Notifying your suppliers and redirecting mail is another one to add to the checklist, and I’d recommend doing this one month before your move date. Notify your bank, utility providers and insurance company of your new address to ensure your mail doesn’t go missing.” The property expert also suggested ordering packing boxes in a variety of sizes to help make the process easier. He said: “My number one packing tip is to order your packing boxes in a range of different sizes, and if in doubt, order more boxes that you think you’ll need as you can always reuse them. Don’t forget to also buy packing tape and any proactive wrap for delicate items. “Start packing in the least-used room, and make sure you label your boxes as you go (you can even take photos of the inside of boxes to help you find your contents quicker). Save time by leaving clothes on hangers and make sure you protect lids of liquids to avoid any spillage in transit. “Keep daily essentials at the top of your boxes for easy access later, things like your phone charger or toothbrush.” Homeowners are also recommended to take gas and electricity readings on the day of moving as well as changing the locks. To help ease your move, visit Airtasker, the local services marketplace.