On Monday evening, Princess Anne and her husband Sir Timothy Laurence arrived in Port Moresby, the capital of Papua New Guinea, for the second leg of their Royal Tour. Today, the Princess Royal visited Caritas Technical Secondary School, a Catholic boarding school for 700 girls in the capital city, where she was presented with flowers and given a tour. The princess and her husband are also scheduled to tour Papua New Guinea with stops at St John Ambulance, the Bomana War Cemetery, Adventure Park Papua New Guinea and the National Museum and Art Gallery. Anne embarked on her trip to, firstly Australia and then Papua New Guinea, in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Hours after arriving in Australia on Saturday, the princess opened Sydney’s Royal Easter Show as it celebrated its 200th anniversary. Australian fans took to social media to express their gratitude for the Princess Royal’s visit. Anne also received praise for her work ethic, with one fan saying they “certainly like her more than [Prince] Charles.” READ MORE: Princess Anne touches down in luxury private jet on royal tour to Papua New Guinea Some believe that the royal’s efforts should be recognised and her position in the line of succession should reflect this. Despite her status as the hardest working royal, according to a royal watcher’s analysis reported in The Times last year, the Princess Royal remains 17th-in-line to the throne. The Queen’s only daughter is behind her younger brothers Prince Andrew and Prince Edward, as well as their children and grandchildren, in the line of succession. This is because of a now-outdated law that means that the male heir in the Royal Family is placed ahead of their sister. When Prince George was born, this rule was removed which means that his younger sister Princess Charlotte is next in line to the throne after her brother, and is ahead of her younger brother Prince Louis. However, the rule change did not apply retrospectively and thus does not affect Anne’s position in the line of succession. Anne, 71, has two children: Peter Phillips, 44, and Zara Tindall, 40. She also has five grandchildren: Peter and Autumn Kelly’s two girls — Savannah, 11, and Isla, 10,  — and Zara’s children with her husband, Mike Tindall — Mia, eight, Lena, three, and one-year old Lucas. DON'T MISS Harry 'will go after' Camilla and Charles in new bombshell book [REVEAL] 'Useful idiot' Epstein's Prince Andrew snub exposed [INSIGHT]Fears Queen will miss key summer engagements [REPORT] Peter is 18th-in-line to the throne, and his daughters are 19th and 20th in line. Zara is 21st-in-line and her children are 22nd, 23rd and 24th. Both Peter and Zara were raised outside the royal bubble and while they are still beloved members of the Windsor clan they are free to pursue their own paths without the pressures of royal duty. Anne broke royal tradition by rejecting the offer of official titles for her children, which she thinks made it “easier” for them. The princess told Vanity Fair in 2020: “I think it was probably easier for them, and I think most people would argue that there are downsides to having titles. “So I think that was probably the right thing to do.” Zara told The Times in 2015 that she felt “lucky” that her mother declined the Queen’s offer of a royal title. She said: “I’m very lucky that both my parents decided to not use the title and we grew up and did all the things that gave us the opportunity to do.” Zara has had a successful career as an equestrian. In 2012, she won a silver medal at the London Olympics, making her the first British royal to win an Olympic medal. She credits her work ethic and success to the support of her family. She told The Times: “I probably get it from my parents. “Papa said to me, ‘If you want to get to the top, you’ve got to do it properly, and if you want to stay at the top it’s even harder.’” Meanwhile, Peter has forged a successful career as a businessman. He followed his passion and has pursued a career in motorsports, his first job being a corporate hospitality manager for Jaguar. He is now a managing director for boutique sports management company SEL UK.