The UK has seen an extortionate hike in living costs this year - and it appears to only be on the incline. As of April 1, energy firms pushed their prices up by 54 percent on average. Price caps are also expected to jump another 24 percent, according to Cornwall Insight. The current price cap increase means the average household’s energy bills will see an increase of around £700 between now and September- only to increase by a further £400-odd in October. Amongst soaring fuel prices, inflation rates, and National Insurance tax increases, it comes as no surprise to see the nation desperately searching Google for quick fixes to lower household costs. Supposed ‘myths’ of saving money on electricity by using it at night have been floating around, but is it really a myth or is there a truth in it? The truth is, you can. But it very much depends on the tariff you’re using. Most suppliers charge a flat rate for energy consumption, which means you’ll pay the same amount for energy usage throughout the day and night. READ MORE: Santander launches savings account with 2.5% interest rate   The price per unit of energy you pay will be the same, whether you put on a wash at 3am or 1pm. However, those who have a ‘time of use’ or ‘off-peak’ tariff are charged less for energy usage throughout the night. There are two ‘time of use’ tariffs available, and these are Economy 7 and Economy 10. These tariffs come with a smart meter to monitor data and price, which helps you avoid the high peak-rate prices. Experts at Biotnic told the Express.co.uk: “[These tariffs] reward you with lower unit prices for using energy at times that put less demand on the grid. “While periods may vary with each energy supplier, off-peak hours are typically between 10pm and 8am. “Economy 10 is not usually suitable for homes with gas, oil, or electric storage heating as it's designed to work with electrically heated wet radiator systems or ceramic core heaters.”  However, Economy 7 is more suitable to homes that use electricity. Bionic continued: “The off-peak electricity times for your E7 meter will vary depending on where you live and who your provider is. “Usually you get your seven hours of off-peak electricity sometime between 11pm and 8am. “However, it's worth noting that most suppliers don't offer an E7 tariff anymore, so you may find it difficult to switch. Although, as energy prices are currently so high - we wouldn't recommend switching energy suppliers just yet even if you could switch onto an E7 contract." So, generally speaking, households on a flat rate tariff will not save money by using more electricity at night as opposed to daytime, but those on E7 and E10 tariffs will. Despite being on a flat rate fee, there are some simple ways households can save energy to reduce bills - regardless of the tariff.  DON'T MISS: State pension rises £221 a year but cost of living rockets £3,000 [INSIGHT]Is it cheaper to use gas or electricity? Fact-checked [EXPLAINED]Energy crisis lifeline: UK opens North Sea taps to slash Russia relian [ANALYSIS]    Express.co.uk spoke to CEO at Love Energy Savings Phil Foster and Mike Woodhall, CEO at Chameleon Technology, who provided the following top tips to help keep energy bills down. Especially your fridge, freezer, dishwasher and washing machine. Mr Foster said: “Buying a new product with the most energy efficient label can save you up to £145 a year compared to running an older model. “While buying a new appliance can be expensive, that initial cost will save you money in the long run, as the £145 saving a year will soon mean the appliance has paid for itself.” Using a laptop and monitor screen all day equate to around seven percent of your total energy bills, so it’s important to turn any appliances with a ‘standby mode’ off when they’re not in use.  Mr Foster said: “If you turn all your appliances off rather than leaving them on standby for a whole year, you can save up to £40.[link]” Don’t waste water and energy on a small wash. Instead, make sure to only put the washing machine on if you have a reasonable load. This will reduce the amount washes, which will have a knock on, positive effect on your energy bill. Most washing detergents and fabric softeners work just as effectively in a colder wash – so there really is no need to be blowing your budget on hot washes.  Routine maintenance isn’t something that should be ignored, as a well-maintained appliance works more efficiently and therefore uses less energy. Mr Woodhall said: “Sometimes, when you’re experiencing a sudden rise in your utility bills, the culprit could be a faulty appliance. Why? Because appliances with problems are having to work harder to operate.” “As a rule of thumb, follow the routine maintenance suggested by the appliance manufacturer. “More efficient appliances are built to run at optimum efficiency and use less energy. “It may be an investment, but if budget allows, this will help reduce energy bills over time.” 