Former Manchester City striker Shaun Goater believes Pep Guardiola’s side tricked Manchester United into signing Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portuguese ace sealed an astonishing return to the club in the summer, arriving from Juventus in the later stages of the transfer window. Ronaldo’s return to the club was made even more significant, as he was initially purported to be joining the Citizens instead. However, a phone call from Sir Alex Ferguson reportedly convinced him to make a dramatic U-Turn, by returning to Old Trafford instead. But while the former Real Madrid ace has managed to contribute 12 goals and three assists in 24 Premier League appearances, United have significantly regressed this season. Ronaldo’s arrival, alongside Raphael Varane and Jadon Sancho had many tipping the Red Devils to improve on their second placed finish in the preceding season. United are now in serious danger of missing out on Champions League qualification, as they are currently three points behind Tottenham and Arsenal. And Goater believes City’s initial interest in Ronaldo may have been a “chess move” to coerce their fierce rivals into signing him. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Wayne Rooney backs Liverpool to beat Man City in crunch clash “When I saw that news break that he'd signed for them (United), as a Manchester City fan, I thought it was good for us,” Goater said while speaking exclusively to Ladbrokes ahead of the launch of their 5-A-Side bet on Man City V Liverpool. “I don't think City were ever really going to sign Ronaldo. “Pep's teams play the way they play because it's about the team, not about the individual - and so I truly don't think it would have ever worked. DON'T MISS...Man Utd flop Anthony Martial hits new low with Sevilla loanLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'happy' with Mohamed Salah contract talksGary Lineker raves over Barcelona starlet Pedri during Sevilla win “It could be a really smart chess move from City, who have already thought a few steps ahead, maybe with one eye on the next summer transfer window, and by forcing United's hand into signing Ronaldo, it's likely to be one less team who are going to go after a striker this summer. “Look, I've been around the club long enough to know that they hardly ever get these decisions wrong. Whether that's on the pitch or off it, they have experts across all areas, so I wouldn't be surprised at all if City are making chess moves here that no one else has even thought of.” Ronaldo has been United’s main source of goals this season, as his striking counterparts Marcus Rashford, Sancho, and Jesse Lingard have all struggled to find their form. And Goater claims United’s difficulties in attack have not come as a surprise, as he does not believe there is enough harmony in their play. “I knew he'd score goals, but I also knew that he'd take away from the shine of the future, and the youngsters they have,” Goater added. “He was always going to score goals, but I didn't think the rest of the team would score goals as a direct result of him signing; someone was going to suffer. That balance had to work, and I don't think it has.”