Her Majesty was all smiles as she was pictured welcoming to her residence in Berkshire the President of Switzerland, Ignazio Cassis, and his wife Paola. For this audience, the Queen donned a beautiful silk dress presenting a paisley-style pattern on a light blue background. The Queen completed her outfit by wearing a pair of black shoes and accessorised it with her signature pearl earrings and necklace. She also donned a sapphire-and-diamond grape brooch, which was originally owned by her mother Queen Elizabeth. The sovereign was photographed shaking hands with her guests and speaking with them with a huge smile on her face. Despite having been seen using a light walking stick on a few occasions in the past weeks, the monarch did not appear to be needing any support to walk today. Mr and Mrs Cassis are in the UK as the Swiss president has started today his talks with Prime Minister Boris Johnson with the aim to strike a new post-Brexit trade deal. Britain's International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan said in a statement: "A new enhanced trade agreement with Switzerland is a huge opportunity to liberalise trade with our 10th largest trading partner and unlock new opportunities for our world-leading services sector." This in-person royal audience is the first one completed by Her Majesty since her return from her short break to Sandringham. The Queen had been helicoptered to her beloved Norfolk estate last Wednesday to mark there her 96th birthday. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'underestimated' life without royal platform She is believed to have spent her special day quietly, as her family members continued to carry out engagements up and down the country. During her stay in Sandringham, the sovereign was spotted multiple times being driven around her estate. On two occasions, she was seen in the company of her racing manager and friend, John Warren, on her way to see the stables. The Queen reportedly stayed at Wood Farm, a five-bedroom cottage where she often spent holidays and breaks away from the public eye with her beloved husband Prince Philip. Between the summer of 2017, when he retired from royal duties, to March 2020, the Duke of Edinburgh made the cottage his main residence. The sovereign was photographed leaving Sandringham in the back of a Range Rover on April 27. While she did not hold any in-person meetings during her recent break, the Queen continued to carry on her light duties - including reading and dealing with the Government's red boxes. The only day of the year Her Majesty reportedly gets a break from viewing and signing off the official documents is Christmas. The Queen last completed an engagement outside of palace walls in late March, when she attended the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey. Prior to that, she had not stepped out of her residence for a working visit since October. The monarch is believed to be experiencing mobility issues rather than any specific ailment. In recent months, members of the Royal Family have stepped in for the monarch whenever she needed to pull out of a planned engagement. Most recently, the Prince of Wales represented his mother at the Commonwealth Day service held at Westminster Abbey in March. And earlier this month, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, attended the Maundy Thursday service at St George's Chapel in lieu of the Queen's absence.