Dan Walker, 45, has been a staple on BBC Breakfast since he joined the morning show in 2016. The presenter has taken to Twitter to announce his departure from the show, along with his move to Channel 5, leaving many loyal visitors devastated. In view of his 752,900 Twitter followers, Dan re-posted the Channel 5 announcement video about his huge news. He captioned the post: "Hello lovely people... some news." Many social media users took to the post's comments to share their heartbreak that Dan will be leaving the BBC. JWalm61 said: "Congratulations but really sorry to see you leave BBC Breakfast." Dan replied: "I’m sad too Jane but also excited about a new challenge." Former colleague Jane Dougall also penned: "Wow! What a shock! The few times we've shared the sofa on @BBCBreakfast have been a joy. "Watching the master at work! You'll be a huge loss to the BBC, but wishing you the best in your new role." BBC Sports journalist Georgie Heath said: "This feels like a break-up. "@Mrdanwalker has been a constant and a sense of normality on my screen through a lot of ups, downs and everything in between. (sic) "I'd only just got over @louiseminchinand now this @BBCBreakfast." Dan responded: "You'll be okay Georgie. Thanks for watching." BBC Breakfast's editor Richard Frediani tweeted: "Dan Walker has been a brilliant Presenter on #BBCBreakfast for more than 6 years. DON'T MISS... Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home [INSIGHT] Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap [OPINION] June Brown dead: EastEnders' Dot Cotton actress dies aged 95 [DEATH] "From Tony’s flypast and highlighting loneliness with Terrence to special programmes including live from No 10. "Thanks for your time on the red sofa and your friendship to all on and off screen." Dan shared in a heartfelt reply: "I love everything about #BBCbreakfast from the boss to everyone who works on the show. "It’s been an amazing 6 years with an incredible team. It was a big decision to leave but I’m also so excited about a new challenge. Thanks for all the lovely comments." Dan will be joining Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije, who co-presents 5 News, which is produced by ITN. Director of Content for Paramount UK, Ben Frow, said of his appointment: “Dan Walker joining the Channel shows that Channel 5 attracts leading talent. "Dan is a renowned broadcaster and we’re looking forward to seeing him not just fronting 5 News but bringing his experience to programming across Channel 5 as we continue to develop and grow our output."