Manchester United will make Erik ten Hag the highest-paid Dutch manager in Premier League history, according to reports. The Red Devils have supposedly reached a verbal agreement with the 52-year-old. And it now seems like he’ll become the club’s fifth manager since 2013 following the turbulent stints of David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. News has broken on Tuesday night that United have reached a verbal agreement with Ten Hag, who has been chosen over Mauricio Pochettino when it comes to replacing Ralf Rangnick. And De Telegraaf now say the 52-year-old is poised to become the best-paid Dutch manager in Premier League history. Van Gaal, during his stint at Old Trafford, earned in the region of £3.3million per year. But Ten Hag now stands to pocket more, though an exact figure hasn’t been disclosed at the current moment in time. Regarding an official announcement, United are prepared to wait. With Ajax playing PSV Eindhoven in Sunday’s Dutch Cup final, the Red Devils don’t want to do anything to hurt the 52-year-old’s chances of winning another trophy. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ten Hag is now hopeful the rest of his Ajax spell will be a peaceful one before he takes over at United in the summer. RB Leipzig had been reported to be eyeing the former Bayern Munich coach earlier in the week. However, Ten Hag has always dreamed of taking the United job instead - and that’s now primed to happen. Edwin van der Sar recently became resigned to the Ajax boss leaving Amsterdam behind for a new challenge elsewhere after nearly five successful years with the club. And it now seems as though he’ll become the latest high-profile boss to be given the job. Moyes was chosen to replace Sir Alex Ferguson in 2013 yet lasted just 10 months before being axed following a failure to secure Champions League football. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Under Van Gaal, United won the FA Cup. Yet the Red Devils sacked the Dutchman in 2016 after he, like Moyes, had failed to guide the club into Europe’s top club competition. Jose Mourinho clinched Carabao Cup and Europa League success during his maiden season at United. Yet things started to unravel and he was axed in December 2018 after falling out with his squad and Paul Pogba in particular. United thought for a while that Solskjaer was on course to bring the glory days back to the Theatre of Dreams. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here However, the 49-year-old lost his job earlier in the season after overseeing a dismal start to the campaign. Speaking recently, meanwhile, Markus Babbel gave his view to Express Sport about Ten Hag. And he expressed a belief that the Ajax boss will take over if he’s given sufficient transfer backing by the club’s hierarchy. “If Manchester United want him, they’ll get him,” he said. “He’s been in Amsterdam for years now. A fantastic club, big club, but the Dutch league isn’t the strongest in European football. “You can win the league, maybe the double, but that’s about it. “If you have the chance to join a club like Manchester United, you need to do it. But it depends on what he wants. “Of course, there are big problems at Manchester United, many players unhappy, unlikely to qualify for the Champions League so it’s not going to be easy. “Now, if he can choose four, five or six players in the next transfer window, he’ll do it. “But if not, then why would he leave his perfect life in Amsterdam?”