The NHS has updated its official list of Covid symptoms as Omicron cases continue to rise in the UK. Nine new physical symptoms have been linked to existing variants as well as the latest Omicron XE strain - but they can be harder to spot than you might think. Many coronavirus symptoms are similar to other illnesses, but which ones are linked to the common cold? How can you tell them apart? Coronavirus has been linked to three main symptoms since the first cases emerged, but the list has recently grown to incorporate nine other signs. The official NHS list now includes a total of 12 physical symptoms, but they aren’t all exclusive to this prominent virus. In fact, many of the listed signs are so generic that the NHS has issued a warning on its website. NHS advice states: "The symptoms are very similar to symptoms of other illnesses, such as colds and flu." READ MORE: Pfizer fourth booster vaccine: Early trial reveals three side effects While the UK’s health service has only recently updated the list of possible Covid symptoms, many of the newly added signs have been widely recognised elsewhere for a while. The World Health Organisation (WHO) and the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in the US have held an equally lengthy symptoms list for some time, despite the NHS having only listed three for almost two years. Since Monday, April 4 the official list of general COVID-19 symptoms now includes:  It is not yet thought Omicron XE (a subvariant of the original Omicron strain) has exclusive symptoms, though it is known that many reported signs closely resemble those linked to cold and flu. The most common symptoms of the original Omicron strain include a runny nose, sneezing and a sore throat - particularly in the vaccinated population. As outlined by the NHS, symptoms of a cold can come on gradually and can include: Both lists of symptoms are almost identical, though diarrhoea and a loss of appetite is more likely to be linked to COVID-19. DON'T MISS:Covid update: When should you avoid going to work? [ANALYSIS]Why has all of Shanghai been placed under a new Covid lockdown? [INSIGHT]Sore throat and eight new Covid symptoms added to NHS list [REVEAL]  See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest Now free testing has come to an end in England, fewer people will be able to access regular Covid tests to detect the virus. While sourcing a test is the only way to know for certain if you are Covid-positive, there are a number of other possible ways to identify your illness. Australian Medical Association vice president Chris Moy claims that some symptoms are a stronger indication of COVID-19 as opposed to other respiratory infections. He said: “A high fever, shortness of breath, muscle aches, fatigue, nausea, diarrhoea and a loss of taste or smell without a blocked nose are more aligned with COVID-19 than a sore throat, runny nose or cough.” While Omicron may feel like nothing more than a cold, the Zoe Covid symptoms tracker app warns that it can” still hospitalise and kill people”, so it is important not to get complacent. Professor Tim Spector, lead scientist of the app, praised the decision in a tweet in which he said the NHS had “finally changed” the symptom list after two years of lobbying. He wrote: “Pity they have the order wrong, but it’s a start and could help reduce infections”. Despite current public health advice stating that it is no longer a “legal requirement” to self isolate if you have Covid symptoms, the NHS recommends that you should stay at home and avoid contact with others if you have symptoms of COVID and: