Jane Fonda did not take kindly to her co-star Lindsay Lohan when they both starred in Georgia Rule in 2007. When Lindsay arrived late on set, iconic actress Jane admonished her in front of the rest of the cast. Jane, 84, played Georgia Randall, while Lindsay, 35, played her granddaughter Rachel Wilcox, a promiscuous, binge-drinking teenager. Rachel’s mother Lily was played by Desperate Housewives star Felicity Huffman. Lindsay’s personal life appeared to eerily resemble that of her character’s, as around the same time she was dealing with struggles with alcohol landing her in rehab several times. Her difficulties bled into her working life, but Jane accepted no excuse for tardiness. “I remember I was like three minutes late, and it was out that I was like three hours late. It was three minutes,” said Lindsay. “And [Fonda] was waiting for me tapping her feet being like, ‘Lindsay, we’re all waiting’. “I was so embarrassed, it never happened again,” the star added to Vogue. However, the pair bonded on set and Lindsay says she learnt a lot from veteran actress Jane. She had initially been “nervous” about working with the Oscar-winning Grace and Frankie star. But Mean Girls alum Lindsay admired the way Jane “takes charge” as a woman on set. In an interview late last year, Jane opened up about wanting men to find her attractive for her age, as she admitted that her physical appearance is still very important to her. She went on to detail how beauty and a belief in gender equality do not have to be mutually exclusive ideals. DON'T MISS... Insight into Brooklyn Beckham's star-studded brunch [LATEST]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show [PICTURES]Will Smith's 10-year ban already wrecking A-list career [INSIGHT] The star addressed her own vanity and how it has tied into her profession. “I am a little bit vain,” she admitted. “I have friends who are not but I’m afraid I am. She also said being on camera for her career was a bonus, while acknowledging it wasn’t necessarily a “good thing”. When asked why she still felt the need to prove her own attractiveness to men, she answered honestly. “I do it because I need to feel that they think I’m attractive. I don’t mean sexy, I mean just look good for my age.” She added to Grazia Magazine: “I want for them to say, ‘She looks good for her age.’” Jane went on to explain that becoming an adult in the 1950s meant that wanting to look attractive to men was “part of [her] DNA”.