Two factors receive far too little attention. One is the minuscule nature of the sin. After working together all day in a sweltering room, the PM and his team took a garden break and a glass of water or wine.  Technically it was banned – though why I cannot fathom – neither could they. The tangled rules involved in lockdown were so complicated, and so many of them contradictory, it would have needed a computer to work them out. I took a lot of garden breaks during the summers of 2020 and 2021 – and lunched at the pub. To my knowledge no one caught anything. The second aspect is advertence – the awareness of law-breaking. As all rules and regulations are technically laws, to disobey them is an offence. But can anyone say their speedo has never slipped above 30mph in a 30mph zone? And if it did, were we supposed to race to the nearest police station (if we could find one still open) and hand ourselves in? To top it all, it happened nearly two years ago. Yet the Wailers go on and on, demanding resignations as our economy is crippled, our costs, taxes and charges go through the ceiling and Ukraine is being ripped apart by an insane tyrant. Couldn’t the Wailers get themselves a life?   ------------ National obsessions are strange phenomena but serve one very useful purpose to incompetent governments. When their failures finally antagonise their own people they can be used to unify them against a common “enemy”, usually a foreign one. Take Spain and its obsession with Gibraltar. The Rock was conceded to Britain in perpetuity at the Treaty of Utrecht, which finalised the War of the Spanish Succession in 1715. Two successor treaties confirmed this ruling. When we captured it in 1704, there was one inhabitant – a Spanish fisherman who left because he was lonely. It was then settled by groups from across the Mediterranean – but not Spain. Gibraltarians are not descended from Spaniards or related to them. In two referendums – in 1967 and 2002 – the people of Gibraltar voted overwhelmingly to stay British. Spain pays lip service to self-determination, but not for Gibraltar. And nor for its own colonies of Ceuta and Melilla, gouged by force from the Moroccan coast. Another such obsession is the Argentine claim to the Falklands. In 2013, Falklanders voted 99.8 percent to stay British. The electorate was 1,653 people, all British – not a Spanish-speaking Argentinian among them. But in 1982, the incompetent tyrant Gen Leopoldo Galtieri, facing revolt on every hand, used the Falklands as his excuse to unify the Argentine people by invading. We lost 255 young men winning them back. But still the hysteria goes on. As with Gibraltar, history proves the claims are bunkum. The British took the islands off the Spanish in the days of Spain’s empire. The ancestors of 90 percent of today’s Argentines were still in Europe. But perhaps the craziest self-delusion is the Russian collective conviction that has led to the Ukraine war. No matter how bad the government in Moscow, gullible Russians can always be united by the fiction that they are being attacked and must defend themselves. Twice, of course, they were – by Napoleon in 1812 and by Hitler in 1941, leading to hideous sufferings. But the story of the past thousand years is quite different. The Rus civilisation started as the city of Moscow with its fortress The Kremlin at its centre and a surrounding enclave about the size of the UK, maybe smaller. It is now the world’s biggest country. You do not get territorial expansion this staggering by self-defence. The truth is, Russians are insatiably aggressive, through tsars and communists, and have invaded, conquered and annexed their neighbours, one after the other. Even today, with nuclear weapons, the myth of “Poor little Russia, we are surrounded by enemies and must defend ourselves” lives on. It is dictator Putin’s excuse for the current genocide and polls show a clear majority of the Russians, egged on by hysterical government-managed media, continue to believe it. Generations of obedient gullibility do not die easily. That said, this is a new, technology-dominated age and thanks to the internet the truth is available to every Russian who cares to tap into it. Which is what the young are at last doing. So there is hope of a growing dissent, the first time in centuries. ----------- It is rare for our habitually sceptical media to fall so hook, line and sinker for a Government “con” in the way they have swallowed the “Let’s ship them to Rwanda” idea. It is flawed from top to bottom. This harmless country purports to be a democracy, so has anyone asked its people? One suspects large wads of British cash will find their way into the back pockets of Kigali’s high-ups. We have seen a lovely abandoned hotel that apparently will take up to a hundred happy campers while they are “processed”. Great. That’s about two days’ supply of the cargoes dumped nightly onto Kentish beaches. If our jobsworths “process” these as fast as Ukrainian visas they’ll be there for half a century. We will also be shovelling thousands of tons of aviation fuel into the atmosphere – I thought that we were trying to protect the environment rather than befoul it. This massive population transfer can only achieve the opposite. And any illegal immigrant ingenious enough to have slogged from the Orient to Dungeness will be out of there and on his way back by nightfall, if the whim so takes him – and it probably will. We have a score of offshore islands around our coasts, any one of which could rapidly and economically be converted into a staging post as the Australians most successfully do it. Portakabin-style living accommodation could be helicoptered in, electric cable laid and water piped from the ground. Our Army engineers could do it in six months – but please not the bureaucrats. I have a feeling five years from now we’ll still be waiting for the Rwanda farce to see its first cargo. And a ton of our money mysteriously missing. MY PART IN DUMMY DAY SCAM THAT FOOLED THE NAZIS Last week saw the launch of the film Operation Mincemeat the cunning plan in 1943 in which the British duped the Nazi High Command into thinking that when the Allies invaded southern Europe it would be via Greece rather than Sicily. Hitler ordered his generals to mass their forces in Greece – entirely the wrong place. But a year later, in the spring of 1944, there was an even bigger scam – which also worked brilliantly but has never been described in book or film to my knowledge. It involved the whole of east Kent where I was living, aged five, with my mum and dad. The point was that we had to invade France… but where? The short route across the Channel between Dover and Calais or somewhere else? Hitler had to be persuaded it would be the short crossing of the Pas de Calais. In fact, our landing forces were being hidden around Portsmouth. The real crossing was intended for Normandy. So all east Kent was crammed with troops, tanks, trucks, guns who were not going – but thought they were. Convinced They were never coming back, soldiers drank in, and wrecked, every pub within miles of Ashford where we lived. There were American tanks on Dad’s beloved lawns and their crews hoisted me into the turrets and made a fuss of me while Mum brought them tea and home-made buns from our precious rations. What really happened, on June 6, has been brilliantly filmed in The Longest Day and elsewhere. Then the troops were gone, Kent was empty and we knew it had all been a trick. Only fields of parked tanks remained – and they were made of plywood for the Luftwaffe to photograph. Fraught times. Wit is seldom generated in politics, but I appreciated the new term for the Cabinet Office. Up and down Whitehall it is now referred to as the Cabernet Office.