Ajax forward Brian Brobbey has jokingly asked Erik ten Hag to sign him for Manchester United as part of his expected large-scale reshuffle over the summer months at Old Trafford. Ten Hag will take charge of the Red Devils at the end of the campaign and is thought to be keen on reshaping his squad in advance of a renewed top-four challenge in the Premier League next season. United are willing to back Ten Hag with plenty of money to spend on reinforcements, with the addition of a new striker said to be high on the Dutchman's agenda. Brobbey has since put himself forward for the role by urging Ten Hag to snap him up with a tongue-in-cheek request after Ajax's win over NEC on Saturday."I am very happy for him and he really deserves it after everything he has done for Ajax," said Brobbey. "If only he brings me with him in two years... no no, joking joking!"It remains to be seen whether Ten Hag will raid Ajax for any of their biggest stars upon his arrival at United to replace Ralf Rangnick in the dugout ahead of next season. Antony has already been heavily linked with the Red Devils and is rumoured to be on the club's shortlist of potential attacking targets to explore in advance of the summer transfer window. JUST IN: Four centre-backs Chelsea could sign to replace Antonio Rudiger Ryan Gravenberch has also been mentioned in connection with a move elsewhere in the near future but is said to be keenly admired by Bayern Munich, who are widely expected to secure his services ahead of next season. Meanwhile, United have also been linked with a number of high-profile stars from other clubs, including the likes of Tottenham forward Harry Kane and Declan Rice of West Ham United.Ten Hag will be desperate to get things right in his first transfer window in charge of United as he looks to end the club's five-year wait for a major trophy since winning the Europa League back in 2017. The 52-year-old has already spoken of his pride after deciding to join the Red Devils, who officially confirmed his impending arrival earlier this week after finally striking a deal with Ajax to bring him to Old Trafford. "It is a great honour to be appointed manager of Manchester United and I am hugely excited by the challenge ahead," Ten Hag told the club website."I know the history of this great club and the passion of the fans, and I am absolutely determined to develop a team capable of delivering the success they deserve."It will be difficult to leave Ajax after these incredible years, and I can assure our fans of my complete commitment and focus on bringing this season to a successful conclusion before I move to Manchester United." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here