The Wanted's Tom Parker's wife Kelsey has taken to Instagram to release details of the star's funeral service, almost two weeks following his devastating death from brain cancer. The mother-of-two told how it would be "beautiful" for her late husband's fans to line the streets as the family to the private service, before joining them outside the church to watch on screens. In view of her 258,000 followers, Kelsey shared the details of the service. She wrote: "Thomas Anthony Parker "There will be private celebration of life on Wednesday 20th April "We know many of you would like to pay your respects as well, so would love for you to join us in Petts Wood from 10am," she added. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies causes stir with sultry bikini pic  Kelsey went on: "It would be beautiful to have everyone line the route as we head to our private service. "You are then welcome to join us outside the church for the duration where the service will be relayed on screens. "Queensway, Petts Wood, BR5 1DG. "Love Kelsey," she ended the post.  Kelsey's post comes almost two weeks after Tom's devastating death at the end of March. The mother of his two daughters announced the tragic news that the star had died in an emotional tribute on Instagram. She told her 142,000 followers: "It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. "Our hearts are broken, Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan 'struggling' on how Boris Johnson can survive after fine [ANALYSIS]Gilbert Gottfriend dies aged 67 following a 'long illness' [BREAKING] "We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children." Kelsey went on: "Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout, he fought until the very end. "I’m forever proud of you," she finished the post alongside heart and star emojis. Since breaking the devastating news, Kelsey has since been inundated with messages of support from her followers. Following her announcement, Kelsey's followers took to the comments to weigh in on the update. Instagram user jennaxleanne penned: "I, and I know hundreds of others will be there in spirit Kelsey. We will be thinking of him, your family and his friends all day." josiej8wrote: "You don’t have to do this Kels. You deserve the whole thing to be private." While others simply left rows of red heart emojis.