Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a discount scheme in February which will see households in council bands A to D in England receive a £150 discount off their tax bill. The financial support package is being introduced to help people with soaring inflation and rising energy bills. A £144 million discretionary fund will also be divided between local authorities to support vulnerable people. But Clive Betts MP, who chairs Parliament's watchdog Levelling Up, Housing and Communities Committee, has warned private tenants whose council tax forms are included in their rent could miss out due to it being paid by their landlord. He told Express.co.uk: "That is outrageous. You could be paying thousands of pounds to a landlord and a tenant on a low income will get nothing." It comes as a recent analysis from charity Age UK found that, among older households unable to claim the rebate, one in five are in poverty or in receipt of benefits.  Age UK is warning many of these people will be unable to apply for the support as their households are in council tax bands E to H. There are 4.3 million households which are ineligible for the council tax rebate offered by the Government. Mr Betts explained that people without bank accounts are also at risk of losing out. A majority will receive the payment because they pay council tax by Direct Debit, but for those who do not, local authorities will have to find out if they have a bank account. He said: "The biggest challenge is people without bank accounts and how [the rebate] will be paid.  READ MORE ABOUT A POWER CUT IN LONDON "Do you give them cash? There's been talk about knocking it off people's council tax bills, but for some [their council tax bill] may not be as much as £150. It's another thing not really thought through." The unbanked made up 2.3 percent of the UK adult population (1.2m) up to February 2020, according to a report by the Financial Conduct Authority. It shows adults aged 18-24 are the most likely to be unbanked (4.9 percent). There are higher proportions of adults without a current or e-money account in the north of England and west central Scotland, the report shows.  DON'T MISS: ‘Step away from crack pipe' Ferrari intervenes in Insulate Britain row [REVEALED] Eurostar under threat as new competitor in 'advanced talks' [LATEST] Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie step out on emotional day for Royals [REPORT] Mr Betts, who represents Sheffield South, accused the Government of failing to consult councils when the scheme was being drawn up, which ministers deny. He said: "It's a pity Government didn't go to councils first and talk to them about the challenges." Mr Betts has written to Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove to highlight issues, including that local authorities will be required to manage the allocation of about 20 million one-off payments. The Labour MP warned the Government is in danger of missing its September 30 deadline for the scheme.  He said: "I don't think everything will be sorted out by September 30 - not a chance." And he warned that, if the issue over tenants is not sorted out, pressure will be placed on the discretionary fund as needy renters seek help from a limited pot of funding. Mr Betts hailed the support at a time of rising prices, but urged the Government to provide more help to town halls. He said: "Councils are at the front line of this so they should have been involved with the design from the beginning. "The Government needs to sit down with the [Local Government Association] and others and address the concerns very quickly."  The Government insists informal discussions were held with representatives from local government before the scheme was announced. Since then Government officials have engaged with councils with points raised used to shape some revisions to guidance. A spokesperson for the Department of Levelling Up said: "The £150 council tax rebate will help millions of people deal with rising living costs, particularly those on the lowest incomes. "A £144 million discretionary fund will also be given to councils to use as they see fit, including to provide help to tenants who are not the council tax payer. "Councils have engaged positively in delivering the rebate scheme and we are confident that payments will be made within the timescales set out in the guidance."  Alternative payment options have been provided to councils, including credits to council tax accounts and other secure payment methods, such as Post Office Payout. Amendments to the guidance say that landlords should not receive payments from the scheme. The Government expects the discretionary fund to cover the needs of all energy bill payers who are not eligible for the main rebate because they are not council tax payers. 