Former Liverpool captain Jamie Redknapp has been out and about again investigating, this time looking into football fans who support more than one team. The latest episode of Redknapp’s mockumentary series, Paddy Power’s Jamie Redknapp Investigates, was released by the Irish bookmakers on Friday ahead of this Sunday’s Old Firm derby between Celtic and Rangers. The former England star continues to get to the bottom of things that really annoy football fans about the modern game, having in previous episodes looked at half-and-half scarves, football’s Twitter trolls, and those that still call the Premier League the Premiership. Redknapp’s latest investigation sees him travel all over the country to meet fans in England, Scotland and Wales who all have a dual allegiance when it comes to football teams. Redknapp began by meeting “hipster b***ends” Neil and Tony Simmons who run the Market Monkey Pub in Warrington. Both claimed to support Man United as kids, one saying “our dog was called Gary Pallister”, but now they support two teams. “I once saw this fella wearing their shirt at a gig and I just fell in love with the club and the whole ethos around it,” said Neil as he explains why he now supports Germany second division side St. Pauli as well as United. St Pauli has a cult following outside of Germany as the club and its supporters are strongly identified with their backing of left-leaning, social activism politics. “We do some amazing stuff in the community,” Neil adds before a mystified Redknapp responds: “We?” He then asks: “I didn’t see their result at the weekend, how’d they get on?” But the conversation quickly drifts into an awkward silence when Neil can’t answer. Jamie then begins to question the other brother, Tom, why he now has a second team. “To be honest, I just got sick of United being rubbish,” he explains “So I split my allegiance with PSG.” “Have you ever seen the Eiffel Tower, shimmering in the night as you take a post-game stroll after smashing Saint-Etienne to pieces?” insists Tom. “I can’t say I have” responds a stony-faced Redknapp, “Have you?” But Tom replies: “No. But I can just imagine it. And that’s why I’m PSG ‘till I die….and Man U.” But what happens if the two teams are hated rivals? Redknapp then travels to Glasgow, ahead of the Old Firm on Sunday, to chat to Gus Garvey who supports both Celtic and Rangers. “People do really struggle to get their heads around it,” admitted Gus. “My loyalties lie with both the champions of Scotland because we are the people. And, also with Celtic, because Rangers are f***ing dead.” Gus adds: “First British team to win the European Cup. But they don’t have 55 titles though, do they? Who does? Rangers. That’s who!” But supporting two clubs doesn’t come risk free. “When Rangers won the title last season, I went into town to celebrate. I got into a huge fight with myself on Sauchiehall Street.” CCTV footage from the incident shows Gus throwing his own head into a lamp-post before knocking himself to the floor. “Who won?” quips a bemused Redknapp. But had one final person to talk before concluding his investigation, as he travelled to Wales to meet Andrew Timms. An exasperated Redknapp asks “Come on then Andrew, who do you support?” “Cardiff City and Villarreal,” comes the reply. But the interview is cut short as Andrew is seen being bundled into the back of a police car, seemingly in response to his dual football team allegiance. “Serves him right,” says a satisfied Redknapp. “Football is all about the fans” concludes the fed-up former footballer. “And those fans should be able to express their loyalty any way they want. But should it extend to having a second team? Maybe, maybe not.” Jamie then bumps into a fan wearing a half Man United, half Sporting Lisbon football shirt, in homage to both Cristiano Ronaldo and Bruno Fernandes. “I think maybe not,” says Jamie firmly. Episode Five of Jamie Redknapp Investigates can be found on Twitter here. Visit BEGAMBLEAWARE.org for free advice.