Currie told ITV viewers Johnson should not step down from his role as the nation's leader despite being fined for attending a 10-minute gathering at Downing Street during the COVID-19 pandemic. The broadcaster, who appeared on Wednesday's instalment of Good Morning Britain, said Johnson should resume his post, especially at the moment with Russia continuing to invade Ukraine. The broadcaster began: "You have been reporting on Ukraine, we have millions of refugees in Europe, we have a vicious war going on and we have thousands of refugees actually arriving in this country."If we de-stabilise this country by getting rid of the Prime Minister, the Ukrainians would think we would be crazy getting rid of Boris as he is known as one of the strongest supporters in ensuring they actually win this war and Putin would be laughing."She asked hosts Richard Madeley and Ranvir Singh: "Is that actually what we all want?" READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage Chancellor Rishi Sunak was also fined for breaching coronavirus laws and he and the Prime Minister have issued apologies for their rule-breaking. Later in the debate, Singh told Currie: “You said you’re pretty sure Boris Johnson did break the rules, he must have broken the rules. “Do you mean the ministerial rules about misleading parliament? Do you believe now we know what we know, he’s been fined, he did break the law that you do believe, as you said quite casually in a way, that you think he did break the ministerial code? “But actually, that in itself shouldn’t be enough to make him resign. Is that what you’re saying? I just want to be clear.”  “Ranvir I don’t care,” Currie hit back. “I really don’t care. What matters for me and what matters for millions of people in this country is the results we get from our politicians. “The results we get from Boris are pretty good. I want to hold him to account for all sorts of things. “We’ll get to a general election in 2024. Well, just let me put it on the record, last week we had a by-election here in the peak and we took a seat from Labour which means we took control of the borough from Labour and everybody had the opportunity to express their viewpoint and what happened was we won the seat.” DON'T MISS...'I don’t care Johnson broke the law' Edwina Currie on GMB [VIDEO]'Sickening' Gary Lineker reignites row with 'bullying’ Richard Madeley [LATEST]Piers Morgan 'struggling' on how Boris Johnson can survive after fine [OPINION]  Hundreds of viewers took to Twitter to air their thoughts on Currie's comments following the debate on the matter. Lottie fumed: "How dare Edwina Currie tell @ranvir01 to shush over and over. And by the way, we do not have a strong government. They're tarnished by corruption, dishonesty and rule-breaking. They've lost all moral authority." @BrexitInsanity added: "According to Edwina Currie on #GMB the country would be "destabilised" if Johnson were to resign or be removed - apparently the entire apparatus of government would fall apart without him. Just the sort of "argument" that keeps the Putins of this world in power." @PalmaRecto said: "I know she said “shush” to wonderful @ranvir01who handled it well! Shame on you @Edwina_Currie."   Despite the backlash, other viewers defended Currie's remarks with @ISeeNoSignals tweeting: "Ranvir Singh is trying to put words into @Edwina_Currie mouth. It’s not working. Then they cut her off. Poor show  @GMB - twisting Edwina's words. Singh is a disgrace!" (sic) Bernadette Shaw agreed, adding: "The thing is Ranvir has a tendency to do monologues (as do all the women presenters) so about time someone said shush to her. Ranvir is the same with every guest, especially Tory ones." Following the fine, Johnson apologised “in the spirit of openness and humility” and explained he understood voters’ anger. Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays between 6am and 9am on ITV.