Sanctions imposed by the UK, US and EU are having a devastating impact on Moscow, plunging its economy into turmoil. The Government believes Russia's economy could now contract by as much as 15 percent in 2022. In the longer term, economists expect the country to see an even deeper impact, with the Russian economy in freefall. The forecast suggests the impact of the measures imposed by the West will be even more damaging than previously thought. Western officials last week suggested Moscow was facing up to a 12 percent drop in the size of its economy this year. The Kremlin is grappling with rapid inflation, with average consumer prices up 8.67 percent since the outbreak of war on February 24. READ MORE ON OUR UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Analysts say the surge is the equivalent to annual inflation running at 137 percent. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said this morning: "Our unprecedented package of sanctions is hitting the elite and their families, while degrading the Russian economy on a scale Russia hasn’t seen since the fall of the Soviet Union. "But we need to do more. Through the G7, we are ending the use of Russian energy and hitting Putin’s ability to fund his illegal and unjustified invasion of Ukraine. "Together, we are tightening the ratchet on Russia’s war machine, cutting off Putin’s sources of cash." Sanctions imposed by Britain and international allies have seen Russia cut off from 60 percent of its total foreign currency reserves. About £275billion worth of reserves have been frozen, with no way for the Kremlin to access it. DON'T MISS:Missile strike hits Ukraine train station during evacuations [PICTURED]Xi comes to Putin's rescue with solution to avoid EU's sanctions [UPDATE]PM furious at Scholz as Germany refuses move to cripple Putin [REACTION] The loss of access to the cash will have a disastrous impact on Russia's ability to fund its war in Ukraine as well as its ability to prop up its economy. The West has been working closely together on imposing economic measures on Moscow in order to ensure maximum impact. Both the UK and EU have agreed to end the use of Russian coal and oil by the end of the year and to end importing gas as soon as possible thereafter. Today Ms Truss also slapped sanctions on the daughters of Putin and Russia's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov. Katerina Vladimirovna Tikhonova and Maria Vladimirovna Vorontsova, the daughters of President Putin, and Yekaterina Sergeyevna Vinokurova, daughter of Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, will be subject to travel bans and asset freezes. It comes just days after the US imposed similar measures on the individuals. In total the UK has sanctioned over 1,200 individuals and businesses since the outbreak of war. The measures include taking action against 76 oligarchs and 16 banks with a global net worth of £150billion and £500billion respectively.