Boris Johnson and Volodymyr Zelensky were pictured holding a meeting in Kyiv to discuss Russia's invasion of the country which began in February. An image of the pair was shared by the Embassy of Ukraine to the UK.  The photograph shows the men sitting across from one another in the mid of crisis talks, in the country's capital, with their respective flags in the room. Details of the visit had not been shared publicly prior to the release of the image. The surprise meeting between the pair was announced by Ukrainian officials and has since been confirmed by Downing Street. The photograph was captioned with the word "surprise" alongside a winking emoji.  The instance makes the Prime Minister the first G7 leader to arrive in Ukraine. The Prime Minister's visit to meet his Ukrainian counterpart is particularly significant given the support Britain has provided to the country since Putin's invasion began. Mr Johnson's visit is meant to be a display of "solidarity" with the Ukrainian people impacted by the war, according to a spokesperson. The PM and President Zelensky are said to have discussed how to defend Ukraine against Vladimir Putin's invasion. During the meeting, the Prime Minister set out new military assistance of 120 armoured vehicles and new anti-ship missile systems, to support Ukraine while Russia’s assault on the country continues. A No 10 spokeswoman said of the visit: “The Prime Minister has travelled to Ukraine to meet President Zelenskyy in person, in a show of solidarity with the Ukrainian people. They will discuss the UK’s long term support to Ukraine and the PM will set out a new package of financial and military aid.” LIVE UPDATES: Ukraine LIVE: Scared Russian soldiers abandon TANKS in 'hasty' retreat Mr Johnson said of his visit: “It is a privilege to be able to travel to Ukraine and meet President Zelenskyy in person in Kyiv today. Ukraine has defied the odds and pushed back Russian forces from the gates of Kyiv, achieving the greatest feat of arms of the 21st century. “It is because of President Zelensky’s resolute leadership and the invincible heroism and courage of the Ukrainian people that Putin’s monstrous aims are being thwarted. “I made clear today that the United Kingdom stands unwaveringly with them in this ongoing fight, and we are in it for the long run. “We are stepping up our own military and economic support and convening a global alliance to bring this tragedy to an end, and ensure Ukraine survives and thrives as a free and sovereign nation.” The photo was also shared on Facebook by presidential aide Andriy Sybiha, captioned with: "Boris Johnson's visit in Kyiv began just now with a tete-a-tete meeting with President Zelensky." Mr Sybiha described Mr Johnson as "the leader of the anti-war coalition. The leader of sanctions on the Russian aggressor." Tom Tugendhat, chairman of the foreign affairs committee praised Mr Johnson for the visit. DON'T MISS Terrified Scholz strengthens Germany's bunker infrastructure [REVEAL] Putin detailed plan to 'exterminate' Ukrainians in 'Mein Kampf' [INSIGHT]More evidence of Russian atrocities ‘far worse than Bucha' [REPORT]  He said: “I’m glad he’s gone. It’s important to stand with our Ukrainian allies right now and show that we are planning a future.” Stuart Anderson, a former soldier who served with the Royal Green Jackets who is now the Tory MP for Wolverhampton South West, was delighted to see the PM alongside Zelensky. He said: “I think that sight is one of the greatest sights I’ve seen for a long time. You’ve got the hero Zelensky and [his close friend Boris Johnson] looking at how they take on the tyranny of Putin. Standing shoulder to shoulder, our Prime Minister there with the legend that is Zelensky, it just doesn’t get any better than that." Tobias Ellwood, a former captain in the Royal Green Jackets who now chairs the defence select committee, responded to the PM’s arrival in Ukraine by pushing for the UK to do more to liberate the country. He said it was “our time to lead a coalition of the willing, step beyond Nato’s self-imposed limits and help train and arm Ukraine to victory” Illia Ponomarenko, a defence reporter with the Kyiv Independent welcomed Mr Johnson’s visit but hoped to see real results. He wrote on Twitter: "Boris Johnson’s surprise visit to Kyiv is a strong and symbolic move. But it will become practical and historic if it results in Ukraine finally getting scores of heavy weaponry and air defence – as soon as possible.”  Former security minister Sir John Hayes said the PM had demonstrated why he is the right person to lead the country at this time. He said: “The Prime Minister has led Europe in the resistance to Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. As he did in the pandemic, he has shown why he is the right man to lead Britain. “You have to dare to be courageous, and we all know that Boris Johnson isn’t short of daring. To dare to be courageous is the mark of good leaders and Boris Johnson has shown he is just that.” The surprise meeting comes just a day after the PM held a press conference at Downing Street about the Ukraine war following talks with the German chancellor Olaf Scholz. Mr Johnson pledged to send £100m worth of high-grade military weapons to Ukraine. The Prime Minister also confirmed further economic support, guaranteeing an additional $500m (£385m) in World Bank lending to Ukraine. This comes alongside the £394m the UK has provided in grant aid and will help ensure the continued running of vital humanitarian services for Ukrainians. During the press conference, Mr Johnson also said the Europe we knew six weeks ago "no longer exists". Despite this, the PM added that Putin had "succeeded in uniting Europe and the whole transatlantic alliance in support of Ukraine and in solidarity with each other". President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen and President of the European Parliament Roberta Metsola also visited Kyiv earlier this month. 