Alex Beresford, 41, has popped the question to his girlfriend of almost two years, Imogen McKay, 29. The presenter proposed on New Year's Day while the couple was on holiday in Majorca. The moment arose when they were enjoying a romantic stroll on the beach. Alex thought, “This is it," and got down on one knee, the presenter revealed in a candid admission. Describing the idyllic scene, Alex explained: "Imogen’s not one for taking photos but as I persuaded her to pose for a picture overlooking the sea, I kneeled down to take the engagement ring I'd hidden inside my rucksack. “When she turned around, I was on one knee, and asked her the biggest question of my life – and she said yes. READ MORE:Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer “It was an amazing moment,” he told HELLO! Magazine. They are planning to tie the knot in September and will return to Majorca for the ceremony. Alex’s 12-year-old son Cruz, who he shares with ex-partner Natalia, will be the ring bearer and mini best man. The weather forecaster teased the “exciting news” to his 132,000 Instagram followers on Sunday evening. The happy couple was inundated with congratulatory messages from famous friends. Great British Bake Off star Crystelle Pereira gushed: “Ahh huge congrats!!!!!” Pussycat Doll Melody Thornton echoed: “Aaaaaahhh amazing.” BBC Radio 1Xtra presenter Yasmin Evans said: “Wonderful news.” DON'T MISSLord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue[LATEST]‘Your hair looks lovely’ Jason Manford aims jibe at Will Smith[INSIGHT]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show[NEWS] And Bake Off winner Candice Brown penned: “So many congratulations.” Alex and Imogen began dating In August 2020 after being set up by a mutual friend. She grew up in Australia and now works in e-commerce operations for The River Cafe restaurant in London. Alex split from his former partner in 2019, two weeks before the first Covid lockdown. He previously said that he "tried to make it work" and that the split wasn't "easy". Speaking on Britain Get Talking podcast a year later, Alex said: "As we kind of moved into the summer, myself and Natalia decided we were going to part ways, which, you know me - I'm not a quitter, and I hate quitting things. "We tried to work through things, but at some point you realise the best thing to do for everybody is walk away, but walking away is never easy." Alex continued that the split made him realise "how strong" he is and that separating made them "get on better".