The Duke and Duchess of Sussex met the Queen on Thursday after stopping at Windsor on their way to The Hague in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. GB News breakfast hosts Stephen Dixon and Anne Diamond invited Richard Fitzwilliams onto the channel to discuss the visit as well as the couple’s ongoing concerns about their security while in the UK. As we know Harry has a case against the Government because he believes he and his family are unsafe in Britain. “Why are they unsafe if they had attended the Westminster service but were safe when they paid the secret visit to the Queen, apparently tourists saw them and so forth, is unclear. “But this is a matter of dealing with, I would say, the most unpredictable celebrity couple on earth. “It’s very difficult to anticipate what they’re going to do, how they’re going to do it and they want to be seen to be doing it in their own way.” Read more: 'Can't stand to look!' Meghan and Harry blasted over security row “On the other hand it’s to be hoped in the future the Queen will see Archie again and meet [Lilibet] who she hasn’t yet seen,” he added. Anne interjected: “It’s interesting Buckingham Palace has confirmed that the Queen and Prince Harry did meet. “I don’t think we’ve had it confirmed that Harry met Prince Charles and that might be a very awkward meeting as well because of the things he said about Prince Charles cutting him off financially and things like that in the interview. “Given that Prince Charles would have been there for the Maundy service they couldn’t not have met, surely?” “Well it’s been reported that they met but not confirmed,” Richard answered. “Very clearly relations between Harry and Prince Charles have been very strained and the tragedy of the once inseparable brothers Harry and William. “Now we have a situation where the Sussexes have done a lot of damage to the monarchy. “They acrimoniously stepped back only to step down over two years ago as senior royals.” DON'T MISSWould YOU live in Rwanda?' Adil Ray erupts at Tory MP [INTERVIEW]Jim Davidson blasted for joke on women footballers 'lifting tops up' [VIDEO]GB News host slams 'idiot' Dan Stevens Boris dig on The One Show [INSIGHT] charlotte mcintyre “Equally, as they see it, they’ve found freedom in the United States and it’s in the United States that they see their future lying,” Richard noted. “But as far as security issues are concerned for example they see themselves as philanthropists with an international brand. “That will mean travel eventually and whether or not the various countries they will visit whether the security will fit their demands is quite another matter. “Obviously if this rift can be repaired or partly patched over it’s all for the good because it’s been such a difficult period for the Royal Family, there are concerns about the Queen’s health and this meeting was very very important I’d say for all sides.” Harry’s trip to the UK comes after he missed a memorial service for Prince Philip last month. Meghan last appeared in the UK at the Commonwealth Day Service in March 2020 while Harry attended the unveiling of a statue of his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, in July 2021. The couple will attend the Invictus Games together, which will take place from 16 to 22 April. It is understood Meghan will return to the United States after a few days while Harry remains in the Netherlands for the duration of the games. Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel airs on GB News from 6am.