April is the perfect time of year to start getting back out in the garden planting. However, with so much gardening advice on offer, it can be difficult to know where to start and what to plant. Hollie Newton, chief creative officer at Sproutl, has shared which fruit and vegetables can be planted and sown now. The gardening expert’s advice was to "wait another week or so" for the last frost to pass but to prepare vegetable areas now. Hollie said there’s “lots and lots” gardeners can be planting now because it’s the “edge of spring”. She said: “I’m waiting another week or so just to check there isn’t another frost coming through. “I wouldn’t want to lose plants again.” READ MORE: What to do with tulips after they have bloomed Hollie said the end of April and beginning of May for planting vegetables “isn’t too late”. She continued: “In fact, it’s probably a very good time - the earth’s warm and everything is sheltered. “I’d get your vegetable areas ready - whether that’s nice big pots or getting some grow bags ready, or making a raised bed or clearing an area. “Some seeds can still be planted. DON'T MISSGarden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [INSIGHT]When to plant runner beans - key date to plant for a summer harvest [UPDATE]Homeowner vows to keep fence after council orders it to be torn down [ANALYSIS] “But don’t worry about going to a good garden centre and getting little plug plants - that’s not cheating!” With the weather warmer and the days longer, gardeners can start to plant most things now. However, it’s important that any really tender plants like tomatoes remain sheltered until the last frost has passed. Hollie said: “In theory you can plant most vegetables now. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “I always wait a little bit longer but there’s things like carrots and potatoes. “They’re the potatoes that have been chitted.” Chitting is forcing seed potatoes to start growing before they are planted. This is usually done by putting potatoes into an egg tray and leaving them in a bright sheltered place like a shed. “It’s a good time to put strawberries in and basically everything,” Hollie added. Aubergines Chillies Tomatoes Beetroot Carrots Celeriac Courgettes Squashes Cucumbers Leeks Lettuce Peas Radish Spinach Swiss chard Turnip  Apples Pears Strawberries Raspberries Sproutl has recently launched Sproutl Collections which offers a simple solution to some of the most common gardening problems. Sproutl Collections draws from thousands of plants and pots on the site to offer customers a simple, curated choice to pick and mix from. Filters then help create bespoke solutions to help gardeners quickly select the perfect plant and pot combination for any location. Hollie said: "With daily lives transformed by the pandemic and more Britons continuing to work mainly from home in a hybrid manner, gardening has experienced its biggest boom ever with thousands of new people taking up gardening. “Our mission is to make gardening easy, and Sproutl Collections are designed to make anyone an instant gardening pro."