Presenter Danni Menzies has showcased a variety of revealing summer clothing during her TV appearances, from short skirts to low-cut tops. However, the A Place In The Sun star has dramatically hit back at trolls for criticising her wardrobe choices, arguing: "It's your body, [you should] do what you want with it!" Telling of how she sometimes cannot resist the temptation to put social media commenters "in their place", she admitted: "When they've made a really silly comment and you manage to sort of shut them down, it makes you feel a little bit better." The former model added that she had "absolutely" experienced sexist attitudes from members of the public judging the clothes she wears on the Channel 4 show. On one occasion, she deliberately donned a pair of boots that Instagrammers had dubbed "hooker shoes" for a second time on a subsequent show, to prove a point. "I think when people say, 'she was asking for it because of what she was wearing', I think that's absolutely insane," she continued. READ NOW: Susanna Reid in 'terrible state' as Piers Morgan recalls GMB aftermath "Just because of what you wear shouldn't mean that anyone can treat you in a certain way." When asked whether women receive too much scrutiny in the public eye and are judged more than men for their appearance, she replied: "Yeah, we're tagged... for how we're looking, and for our behaviour, very differently to men. Referring to tragic cases such as the Sarah Everard murder, she added: "I think that a lot of tragic things have happened as a result of that." Meanwhile, though some Instagrammers have blasted the likes of Madonna, who is still flashing the flesh in fishnets at the age of 63, Danni has made it clear she supports the Material Girl. "Go for it, go girl!" she praised. "As you wish!" "It's your body [so] if it makes you feel good, why not?" However, she wasn't surprised by the comments women tend to receive about their looks. "I think every single one of [my female friends] has had some sort of experience with harassment." she confirmed. DON'T MISS... Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband [INSIGHT] Paul Newman's wife joked about 'disgusting' moment she met him [LATEST] Loose Women's Nadia Sawalha strips down to bikini in clip [PHOTOS] "[However] a lot of young girls like my sister's friends are sort of going against that and just doing what they want! "[They're] feeling more liberated than I would have done when I was younger." Meanwhile, Danni isn't afraid these days to unleash her fury and "vent" at troll attacks online from time to time. "If you catch me on a bad day, [I] react to someone who needs putting in their place," she clarified. "But these people are the ones sitting at home being keyboard warriors. "Actually, you just have to pity them for taking such a huge interest in your life, because they've not got one of their own. She is passionate about equal opportunities for women in all areas of TV, including traditionally male jobs such as sport and motors presenting, and even war reporting. The 33-year-old, who dated a "war hero" before the pandemic, still knows reporters today who are braving the battlefields to deliver the truth with hard-hitting news bulletins. As for Danni herself, she already has future TV prospects lined up after announcing her departure earlier in the year from A Place In The Sun, which viewers are looking forward to seeing.