Romelu Lukaku's future at Chelsea is in doubt after a difficult first season back at the club. Lukaku joined Chelsea from Inter Milan last summer for a club-record fee of £97.5million. However, he has made just 12 Premier League starts and fallen out of favour under Thomas Tuchel. Former England midfielder Carlton Palmer claimed this week that Lukaku has no future at Chelsea while Tuchel is in charge. Palmer said on talkSPORT: “I don’t think he’s got a future under Tuchel, I really don’t. I just don’t understand why a manager would sign a player for that amount of money and then try and change the way he plays the game." Tuchel insisted Lukaku remains a part of his plans but again named him on the bench for the visit of Brentford on Saturday. Express Sport takes a look at the clubs he could join this summer. READ MORE: Man Utd can break a curse with Antony shirt number as ‘Erik ten Hag plots move’  Inter would surely be the favourites to sign Lukaku if he left Chelsea. He loved his time there and made that clear in an interview in December. The 28-year-old said he would be keen on playing for the Italian giants again at some point in his career. Lukaku netted 64 times in two seasons at the San Siro, helping them win their first Serie A title in a decade. DON'T MISSMan Utd likely to do four things in potential Erik ten Hag announcement [COMMENT]Erik ten Hag 'will take Antony to Man Utd' if made manager as double transfer plan emerges [REPORT]Mo Salah will do 'everything on his part' to join Barcelona as Liverpool issue 'threat' [GOSSIP]  PSG are always linked to top players who are available. With Kylian Mbappe looking set to leave, they will need someone to replace his goal output. The French giants have already been linked with Lukaku in recent months. They would be able to match his wage demands as well as pay the fee that Chelsea would ask for.  Dortmund may also be in need of a new striker come the summer. Erling Haaland continues to be heavily linked with a move away from the club. Lukaku's wage demands could potentially be a stumbling block for the German side's chances of landing him. Dortmund's Bundesliga rivals Bayern could look to sign a long-term replacement for Robert Lewandowski. The Poland star has just over a year remaining on his contract. Lewandowski is linked with a move to Barcelona and Manchester United. Lukaku would have big shoes to fill if he were to move to the Allianz Arena.  Real are strong contenders to sign Haaland but are not the only side in the race. Manchester City and Barcelona are also hoping to lure the Norwegian this summer. Therefore, Los Blancos could turn their attention to Lukaku instead. Karim Benzema has shown no signs of slowing down however, so a starting spot would be far from guaranteed. Chelsea are unlikely to want to strengthen a rival but Arsenal do need a striker. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah look set to leave at the end of their contracts in the summer. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left in January, meaning Mikel Arteta will need at least one forward, if not more, at the end of the season. Lukaku, at 28, may not be the right profile Arteta is looking for though. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 