John Travolta's wife Kelly Preston died of breast cancer two years on from her diagnosis, leaving the pair's son Ben totally bewildered and fearful that his father would meet the same fate. Back in August 2021, Grease legend John has let the world know how he helped his grieving son cope with his insecurities. "He said to me once: 'Because mom passed away, I'm afraid you're going to'," John sadly revealed at the time. "I said, 'Well, it's a very different thing.' "And I went through the differences about my longevity and her limited life." However the star was compelled to be honest with Ben, no matter how difficult the reality was for him to take on board. READ NOW: Chris Rock breaks silence following Oscars altercation with Will Smith  Speaking to host Kevin Hart on an episode of the Hart to Heart talk show, which streams on Peacock, John recounted the words he had told his son in the moment. "'Ben, you have always loved the truth, and I'm going to tell you the truth about life.' "'Nobody knows when they are going to go or when they are going to stay.'" The death of Ben's mother had come as a double blow for the family, after he'd lost elder brother Jett when he died unexpectedly at the tender age of 16. The teenager had suffered a seizure while the family holidayed together in the Bahamas. "'Your brother left at 16. Too young. Your mother left at 57. That was too young,'" John, whose hit film Grease airs on Saturday on Channel 4, recalled saying. "'But who's to say? I could die tomorrow. You could. Anybody can.' "'So let's look at it like it's part of life. You don't know exactly. You just do your best at trying to live the longest you can.'" Ben and his older sister Ella, 21, are the sole surviving children in the family after Jett died. DON'T MISS... 'Heavier and angrier' Ricky Gervais on if Will Smith would've hit him [DEBATE] Fern Britton on struggle to 'bounce back' from Phil Vickery split [INSIGHT] Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet [LATEST]  Meanwhile Kelly's death marked the end of an almost 30-year long marriage between the pair. John was keen to pay his respects to his late wife in a touching Mother's Day tribute that circulated throughout social media this year. "Dearest Kelly, you brought into my life three of the most wonderful children I have ever known," he wrote in his Instagram post. "Thank you. We love and miss you," he shared alongside a precious family photo, before adding: "Happy Mother's Day."   At the time of her death, John wrote an equally heartfelt message to his fans, apologising for what he believed might be a protracted absence. "Forgive me in advance if you don’t hear from us for a while," he excused in view of almost four million followers, " but please know that I will feel your outpouring of love in the weeks and months ahead as we heal." He added of his wife's two year struggle with cancer: "She fought a courageous fight with the love and support of so many." Meanwhile John has also used the Instagram app to pay tribute to his fellow actor Bruce Willis, who recently stepped back from the industry altogether after suffering cognitive issues and receiving a diagnosis of the brain condition aphasia.