Aldi’s Specialbuys go on sale every Thursday and Sunday with some items immediately selling out due to their popularity. However, some products have been delayed and are arriving online and in stores this week. Aldi has announced which Specialbuys will be landing in stores and online this week. Most of the products were supposed to be available last week, while some were even expected in mid-March. However, these were delayed due to global shipping. They are now expected in stores and online this week. READ MORE: Beatrice wears £370 hat to service with Eugenie in £1,695 floral dress Aldi apologised for the delays, stating on its website: “Due to the current disruptions to global shipping, a number of Specialbuys may be delayed. “We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause. “We’re doing all we can to provide clarity on expected availability dates, but these are subject to change. “Dates will vary by store and by region.”  The discount supermarket added that customers should sign up to its newsletter “for the latest availability updates”. This is not the first time some Specialbuys have been delayed. Back in April 2021, the retailer announced that its delays were due to the blockage of the Suez Canal. A container ship named Ever Given was stuck in the canal for almost a week, causing havoc to global trade. However, the delays since could be because of a number of reasons, such as the ongoing Covid pandemic. Aldi has listed which items will be available in stores this week, but some products’ dates are yet to be confirmed. The supermarket does not know when the Gardenline Garden Hose Assortment will be arriving online. Its Ladies Eau De Parfum has also been delayed and neither its online nor in store date has been confirmed. This product was supposed to be available for customers to buy on March 13. Full list of estimated online and in store availability on Specialbuys: Gardenline Garden Hose Assortment – TBC – April 10 Loctite Precision Super Glue 5g – TBC – April 10 Weedol Glyphosate Free Weedkiller – April 5 – April 10 Workwear Hoodie / Fleece – TBC – April 10 Fabric Fat Quarters – April 6 – April 7 Mason Cash Mixing Bowl – April 7 – April 7 Measuring Jug Set – April 5 – April 7 Ladies' Eau De Parfum – TBC – TBC