Monty Don, best known for his role on Gardeners’ World, has shared a plethora of gardening tips and tricks throughout his career. Coming into the spring months, the expert has recommended gardeners plant their potatoes in his blog for April. How can you plant potatoes at home? Early potatoes are so-called because they are the earliest to harvest, in June and July. Second earlies take a couple more weeks to mature and tend to be ready to harvest from July. Late season potatoes, also known as main crop, are the ones gardeners can sow now. They can take 16 to 22 weeks to mature, meaning they should be ready to harvest between August and October. READ MORE: Is it cheaper to boil water in a microwave? In his blog post, Monty Don wrote: “Whilst there is no rush to plant maincrop potatoes, I have planted as late as June and still had a good crop, the sooner you plant seed for the first earlies, the sooner you can enjoy that delicious harvest. “They are always tasty, so much better than any that you can buy.” To sow seed, the expert recommended making a “V-shaped trench” six to nine inches deep. Next, place the seed potatoes about 12 inches apart along the bottom of it. DON'T MISS:Interior design: Avoid ‘harsh colours’ in the bedroom [EXPERT]‘Perfect time’ to eradicate moss from lawns - how to ‘kill it’ [COMMENT]Property for sale? Noisy neighbours could reduce house price by £23k [EXPLAINER] Monty added: “Backfill the trench so that the soil forms a ridge along the length of it. “Leave at least three feet between rows to allow for earthing up, digging more soil onto emerging foliage to protect them from late frosts. “I also grow them in a raised bed simply pushing each seed potato in a six inch deep hole made with a dibber with each plant about 18 inches apart in a grid. “However you plant them, always enrich the soil for potatoes with plenty of well-rotted manure or compost.” Potato blight is a common disease in wet and warm summers. Symptoms include a rapidly spreading brown watery rot, affecting leaves and stems. According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), once it starts, it’s very difficult to stop. They said: “You can remove blight-affected leaves, but removing too many leaves will damage the plant’s ability to grow. “Earthing up potatoes provides some protection to tubers. “Try blight resistant cultivars or stick to earlier which are usually harvested before blight strikes.” Monty Don also recommended sowing other varieties of food this month, including rocket. He wrote: “Rocket seeds are biggish and reasonably easy to handle so I now sprinkle two or three per plug, wait until at least two germinate successfully and then ruthlessly thin down to one healthy seedling. “These can then be grown on and hardened off until they are about two or three inches tall before planting out a six inch spacing. “You can easily sow them direct but they will still need fierce thinning as widely spaced plants are much healthier, give a bigger harvest and last longer. “Rocket does not like very hot weather and needs rich soil with plenty of water to be at its best. A damp spring and cool autumn suit it admirably. “By the middle of May the plants are starting to bolt and flower, growing a thick hairy stem with fewer and much hotter leaves.”