Earlier in the week, it emerged Cristiano Ronaldo had accepted Manchester United’s decision to sign a new striker this summer. The Portugal international knows he can’t play every game as he enters the twilight years of his career. And that should bode well for the future under Erik ten Hag, who is primed to become their new manager. Manchester United have reached a verbal agreement with Ten Hag that will see him swap Amsterdam for Old Trafford this summer. And it’s since emerged that Ronaldo is happy for the Red Devils to land a new centre-forward when the transfer window reopens. While there’s been talk of the 37-year-old potentially leaving, it’s still expected Ronaldo will be at the club next season. So news of him accepting that he can no longer play every game is certainly welcome. Ronaldo, at times this season, has allowed his anger to get the better of him whenever he’s been snubbed. He was livid with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at being benched for the 1-1 draw with Everton earlier in the season, with Edinson Cavani starting in his place instead. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ronaldo did nothing when he came on that day and it was a similar story when he was overlooked for the 1-1 draw with Chelsea. That day, like against Everton, he walked straight down the tunnel without applauding fans. And when Ronaldo was taken off against Brentford under Rangnick, he was visibly furious with the German. The strops and tantrums of the former Real Madrid and Juventus star has added more difficulty to an already nightmarish campaign. So Ronaldo, by now accepting United need competition for places, appears to be ready to play the role of a team player. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Ten Hag will have his own striker in mind when his move to Old Trafford is officially sealed. But several names are being linked as the summer transfer window creeps closer by the day. One hitman worth pursuing is Benfica’s Darwin Nunez, who put in a masterclass during his team’s 3-3 draw with Liverpool in midweek. The Uruguay international has drawn comparisons with Cavani due to his prowess in front of goal. And United could certainly do a lot worse than chasing a striker who has 31 goals to his name from 36 appearances across all competitions. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The Red Devils have already conceded defeat when it comes to prising Erling Haaland away from Borussia Dortmund. Instead, Manchester City and Real Madrid are currently leading the charge for the Norway international. United have been credited with an interest in Harry Kane, though Tottenham will demand a premium fee to let their talisman go. And while the Red Devils like Lautaro Martinez, a failure to secure Champions League qualification could count against them. Meanwhile, speaking recently, former Liverpool star Danny Murphy called on United to let Ronaldo go. “Something radical needs to change at Manchester United even if it means important players like Cristiano Ronaldo being sold,” he said. “For former glories to return to Old Trafford, United’s players need to press and compete for 60 matches a season in addition to the ability they possess. “I can’t see Ronaldo being part of that.” Ronaldo previously left United for Real Madrid back in 2009. But it’s hard to see Los Blancos being in for the veteran this time around given Kylian Mbappe is their priority.