The police stormed into a property where the man was reportedly seen, but didn't find him, and then began searching the surrounding area. The call that initiated the operation occurred at 1:35 pm on Friday. Armed with firearms, police rushed to the property where the man was reportedly seen and forced entry, however, the property was empty. They then looked in the property for any weaponry, but nothing was found. And so the search continued in the surrounding area, however the police didn't locate a man matching the description provided. A spokesperson for Avon and Somerset police confirmed that the anonymous call alerted them about a man who "may be in possession of a firearm" entering a property in Kingswood, South Gloucestershire. The spokesperson told BristolLive: "Armed officers attended the location and forced entry to the address but found it to be empty and no sign of any firearm. "Officers also searched the surrounding area and did not find anyone matching the male's description." An eyewitness saw the armed police officers entering the apartment in Taylor Close, close to the High Street. The onlooker told BristolLive that the officers were shouting: "Police! Show me your hands!" as they stormed the property. READ MORE: Murder probe as woman dies after fall at block of flats Pictures from the scene show at least three firearm officers outside the apartment block. Other residents of the area also reported on social media seeing armed police nearby on Alma Road. Less than two weeks ago, armed police in Bristol responded to another alert after a group of teenagers was reportedly seen armed and causing disorder. A witness said that they had seen about eight teenagers, with their hoods up and faces covered, wielding "swords" or "machetes". DON'T MISS: Teenagers 'with swords or machetes' spark armed police responseHuge fire at science museum sends smoke billowing out over BristolMurderer absconds from Bristol jail - Do not approach Avon and Somerset police said that no weapons were found during a search in the area. The force has since increased its "uniformed presence" in the area, although they say they "don't believe there is a risk to the wider community". 