 Due to ongoing issues with Her Majesty's mobility and after previously pulling out of engagements, the palace has said it should now be assumed the Queen will not attend events unless announced otherwise. According to the Telegraph, the palace has stressed that Her Majesty will strive to attend as many events as she can for her Platinum Jubilee, but it should not be expected that she will be at all of the engagements.   The monarch will celebrate her 96th birthday on Tuesday and has most recently pulled out of the annual royal Easter events, including Maundy Thursday and the Easter Mattins service in Windsor on Easter Sunday. A palace source said: “The assumption must now be that the Queen will not be present at events. “If Her Majesty does attend, it will be decided on the day, and she will be accompanied by another member of the Royal Family.” The new plan is hoped to quash fears surrounding the monarch’s health and to avoid overshadowing the event.   The palace source stressed that the Queen still “plans” to attend as many events on the June Bank Holiday weekend as she can to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee. It is thought that Her Majesty will not want to miss her horse Educator racing at the Epsom Derby or the service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. The member of the Royal Family who is thought to accompany the Queen to the races if she attends is the Duke of York. Prince Andrew had previously escorted his mother to Prince Philip’s service of thanksgiving in March. READ MORE: Rio Lobo: John Wayne ‘completely exhausted’ and director ‘punched me’  The Queen and her aides have noted that the public will want to and will expect to see her “front and centre” during her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. However, the monarch has struggled with mobility issues and discomfort since she sprained her back and spent time in hospital last October. The Queen has also said she has felt exhausted after she contracted coronavirus earlier this year. DON'T MISS:Royal POLL: Should young royals start taking over more duties? (POLL)Dragons' Den investors reduced to tears by 'inspirational' pitcher (REACTION)Toto Wolff gives ‘all credit’ to Ferrari for pulling off engine trick (INSIGHT)   Despite using a cane more often in the past six months and pulling out of engagements over her “comfort”, the monarch has appeared in high spirits in virtual meetings. The changes to the way the royal diary is structured will mean that more pressure will lie upon Prince Charles to pick up more duties undertaken by the monarch. Other members of the Royal Family, including Princess Anne, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and the Earl and Countess of Wessex, have also been seen sharing more of the workload as the Queen lightens her own. 