Chief Whip Chris Heaton-Harris was reportedly told by two individuals they had seen a Tory MP watching pornography while they were in the chamber at the House of Commons. As investigation into the matter is said to have been ordered by Heaton-Harris but BBC Breakfast host Charlie Stayt didn’t hold back as he asked Jonathan Ashworth for the names of who the MPs watching pornography may have been. Stayt asked: “In connection wth the allegations about the Conservative party, which is concerning your Deputy Leader of course, the conspiracy of silence around all of these things is one of the things that leaps out at anyone looking at it from the outside, things that go on in the commons. “Would you tell us if you knew the person, the Conservative, who had been watching porn on their phone. Would you tell us?” “I mean I don’t know who it is first of all,” Ashwroth replied. “If the Conservatives know who it is then they need to suspend this individual, not knock it into a bureaucratic process. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry “It may be that the Conservative MPs who’ve made the warnings don’t feel comfortable in giving more details. “I honestly don’t know. But clearly the fact perhaps people don’t want to come forward with all the details reveals something about the culture of that place. “We’ve got to sort it out. The misogyny, the bullying, the sexism, it’s got to come to an end. “It’s incumbent on all in politics, including myself, I’m including myself in this, to speak out and demand we have a better way of doing things and those people who misbehave and sully the name of parliament are dealt with.” Stayt probed: “Just to be clear Mr Ashworth, when you’re saying speak out, people should speak out, you’re saying to you colleagues across political boundaries in the commons, if you know who these people are, tell us the names. Is that what you’re saying? Say the names. “Don’t get bogged down in investigations that could be cloaked in secrecy. We, like everyone else, have a right to know.” “Well people who are making complaints about people, they should have a process to go to within their political parties and it should be dealt with,” Ashworth answered. DON'T MISS...Labour MP filmed 'sprinting' from GB News cameras after Starmer probe [WATCH]Ben Wallace in remarkable John Prescott remark in row over porn [VIDEO]GB News hit with Ofcom complaints after Eamonn's Prince Harry remark [LATEST] “I don’t know the names of the both very serious allegations that you’ve put to me this morning. “I genuinely do not know but the people making the complaints should feel comfortable, or our culture should be people feel comfortable and confident giving more details. “I don’t want to blame the person making the complaints because often the culture in that place is so bullying, so misogynist, it’s understandable people would feel intimidated in not coming forward. “We have to deal with that.”  Earlier in the programme, Chief Political Correspondent Adam Fleming shared details of the allegations with viewers. “Reports were made to Conservative Party bosses but they’ve referred it to parliament’s independent complaints and grievances scheme, which was set up quite recently which is a completely independent scheme with its own staff and its own policies and they will look into this case but only if one of the MPs who raised it, or witnessed it, makes a formal complaint about this person,” Fleming explained. “There’s no guarantee an investigation would even happen and if it does, it would be completely confidential, shrouded in a lot of secrecy and it would take a long time.” BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.