Poseidon is the Russian President’s nuclear-armed submarine drone that can zip through the waters at a speed of 125mph after getting dropped onto the seabed. While this speed is slower than other intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICMBs), It is reportedly fast enough to make it uncatchable to existing torpedoes. It is officially known as an ‘Intercontinental Nuclear-Powered Nuclear-Armed Autonomous Torpedo’, and was first unveiled in November 2015. The weapon reportedly uses a top-secret propulsion system and can allegedly target warships, aircraft carriers, coastal fortifications and infrastructure. Also attached to the weapon is a horror nuclear warhead that, once triggered, can generate a tsunami, sending gigantic waves crashing into enemy coastlines. It is also powered by a nuclear reactor, worryingly giving the weapon a practically unlimited range that can strike anywhere. Naval News estimates that the weapon weighs around 100 tons, which is lighter than most submarines. Russia has said that it eventually wants 16 Poseidon drones on duty with Russia’s Northern Fleet, with a possible total of 30 altogether. While it was unveiled over seven years ago, it is not expected to come into service until 2027. Poseidon is said to have been tested at least 11 times, but these have usually been trails of its autonomous systems, not its more threatening nuclear-propulsion system. Back in 2018, Putin called Poseidon a “super-weapon” when he was detailing the progress of the Russian nuclear triad. But this is far from the only terrifying weapon in Putin’s arsenal. On Wednesday, Russia unveiled a terrifying ICBM dubbed the “Satan 2” by NATO. READ MORE: China’s ‘mighty dragon’ The terrifying weapons that Xi could hand P... Also called the RS-28 Sarmat, it was one of the six new Russian strategic weapons first unveiled Putin in 2018. The terrifying weapon is 35.3 metres long and three metres in diameter referred to as a heavy ICBM capable of carrying a 10-ton payload. According to Russian state media, the Sarmat can carry up to 10 large warheads and 16 smaller ones. It can also carry a chilling combination of warheads in flight. It was test-fired from Plesetsk in the country's northwest and hit targets in the Kamchatka peninsula in the far east. DON'T MISS Nuclear survival advice issued as Putin threatens Ukraine [REVEAL] UK scientists analyse secrets of Putin's prized fighter jet [REPORT] Experts warn to stockpike SEAWEED to slash impact of Russian nuke [INSIGHT] Putin said: “The new complex has the highest tactical and technical characteristics and is capable of overcoming all modern means of anti-missile defence. “It has no analogues in the world and won't have for a long time to come “This truly unique weapon will strengthen the combat potential of our armed forces, reliably ensure Russia's security from external threats and provide food for thought for those who, in the heat of frenzied aggressive rhetoric, try to threaten our country.” Russia’s Defence Ministry said in a statement: “Sarmat is the most powerful missile with the longest range of destruction of targets in the world, which will significantly increase the combat power of our country's strategic nuclear forces.”