One of the biggest missed opportunities by the Dragons was the children’s suitcase, Trunki. Trunki has been labelled one of the most successful products never invested in, making a revenue of £8.13million. Rob Law was left disappointed when he wheeled his way into the Den back in 2006. The entrepreneur asked for £100,000 in return for a 10 percent stake of his company, Trunki - the world's first ridable suitcase for children. This ride-on hand luggage suitcase for children didn't receive investment, but has now become a multi-million business. It was turned down after Theo Paphitis broke a strap of the suitcase leading to Dragons questioning the quality. READ MORE: Martin Lewis suggests which Britons with cash ISAs should 'ditch them' “I don’t know why you would value a business that’s worthless now at £1million. “The big issue here is you have nothing, you think you have something and I’m telling you, you don’t. “Your company is worthless, I’m out.” Rob left the Den with no investment, however by 2008, a Trunki product was sold every 3.5 minutes. In 2016 Trunki celebrated its 10th anniversary and has sold more than three million Trunki suitcases, in over 100 countries worldwide, through retailers including John Lewis, Argos, Harrods, Tesco and Next since May 2006. Rob's ride-along suitcases have become a familiar sight at airports all over the world and has managed to secure £4million from the government-backed Business Growth Fund in 2013. Rob went on to sell his suitcases in a variety of retailers, including John Lewis, selling his products in over 100 countries worldwide and reportedly turned over £9.5million in 2018. Rob went on to sell his suitcases in a variety of retailers retailers, including John Lewis, selling his products in over 100 countries worldwide and reportedly turned over £9.5million in 2018. The suitcases can also be brought from Argos, Amazon, Boots, and Trunki.  They have also diversified their product range, which now includes a rucksack which transforms into a booster seat. With Dragons' Den recently coming to a close for another series, Trunki has been labelled one of the most successful products and pitches over the years. Along with others such as the Tangle Teezer, a hairbrush company now worth a £200million. Rob's rejection has also been one of the biggest success stories in the show's history. Dragons’ Den is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.