The future Queen Consort, Camilla Parker Bowles likes to dress comfortably - no tight dresses or trousers, usually in pale or dark colours, with pearls and no high heels. The Duchess of Cornwall also has an array of hats for every outfit, occasion and royal engagement. Having been photographed wearing hundreds of hats over the years, Camilla almost always is spotted touching the brim or placing her hand on top of its crown. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James about this gesture. Camilla has been in the Royal Family’s circle of friends long before her romance with Prince Charles went public. But it wasn’t until she officially became the Duchess of Cornwall and the wife of an heir to England’s throne that she became a bona fide hat person - and fascinator and beret fan. She has been sporting the fanciest millinery with increasing regularity since, including, her 2005 wedding to the Prince of Wales. While she has switched up the styles frequently, one thing is constant: Camilla always tilts her chosen headwear to the right side of her head, giving her a signature look even when the shape, materials, and colours vary from event to event. READ MORE: Sentimental meaning behind Queen’s rose brooches - worth £100k To add to this, Camilla is regularly seen touching her hat upon arrival or exit. Judi said: “There shouldn’t be any practical reason for Camilla’s hat-touching rituals. “Some do have wide brims and possibly could make her worry about the wind gusting underneath and blowing them off her head. “But they are worn low on the crown and I’m sure the royal dressers have armed her with enough pins and combs to keep them fixed firmly in place. DON'T MISS...Aldi Specialbuys: The ‘secret sale’ for sold out items [INTERVIEW]Michael Mosley: How to turn your body into a ‘fat burning machine’ [COMMENT]April 2022 horoscopes: What’s in store for each star sign this month [INSIGHT] “Some, like the Cossack hat, are acutely low-risk, meaning this signature gesture is probably prompted more by emotion than logic.” The expert explained: “The hat-touching allows Camilla to drop her head, meaning her natural tendency to look nervous and wary at the same time as lowering her own status a little is given an excuse that looks natural and believable. “It signals to the public that she is worried about her hat, rather than suffering from some social anxiety. “It’s the kind of gesture that would make people smile with empathy rather than looking judgmental or unfriendly. “‘I’m worried about my hat’ is a gesture that could be used to silently break the ice at events.” She added: “It’s the opposite of the way Kate [Middleton] wears a hat, which is to fix it in place and forget about it, allowing her confident smiles to do the ice-breaking. “Camilla might also be using the gesture as a partial barrier ritual when she is faced with a group or a crowd of strangers. “Her husband Charles tends to fiddle with his cuff or watch strap to create an excuse to use his arms as a comfort barrier in front of his torso. “For Camilla, the hat-touch will allow her to keep at least one hand close to her face with the arm able to be used as a shield or a barrier. “The gesture suggests a lack of confidence and a suppressed desire to hide. “It also suggests she wants to be seen as a normal woman rather than a high-ranking royal,” Judi commented.