Many people look forward to the day they can retire, but some tend to become more nervous as the day becomes a reality instead of a dream, with the ever-impending thought of "Have I saved enough?". Research by credit management company Lowells showed one in eight Britons have actually delayed their retirement because of impending debts. A luxury retirement is the ultimate goal for many people, but the thought of having a strictly limited budget that will need to last for the rest of their lives can be daunting. Britons are becoming increasingly concerned with their retirement, largely due to the spike in the cost of living, leading them to question whether they actually have enough to live off of. Some 21 percent of Britons are worried that just having a pension will be enough to live on once they have retired, according to the research. An even more nauseating circumstance for many is the potential of entering retirement with debt and not having the pension pot to support their payments.  The majority of retirement planning for the average person consists of having enough in pension funds and ensuring one’s National Insurance contributions throughout their career have been enough to earn them the full state pension amount they are due. However, people with debt may find they have a few more hurdles to overcome. The research found that one in six Britons are delaying their retirement for up to five years because of their debt. More worryingly, one in eight will be delaying their retirement for up to a decade.    No one wants to make the wrong decision and retire too early, leaving them without enough funds and potentially living out their last years in poverty. However, the idea of working for almost a decade longer can be equally harrowing. The research found that 31 percent of over 45s have considered, or are actively planning, to delay their retirement. This is as a direct result of their debt. The majority of the panel surveyed shared their biggest concern surrounding going into retirement with debt is whether their pension would be enough to pay it off. An additional eight percent said they were concerned about getting into debt whilst in retirement. Other common retirement anxiety triggers were not being able to support their families on pension alone and not knowing how much of their pension they will be paid. While the study showed just how worried Britons are for what should be their golden years, it also illustrated some misconceptions that may be anxiety-inducing but are simply not true. This included the idea that one has to apply to join their workplace pension scheme. If they meet the age and income criteria for their workplace pension scheme, employees are automatically enrolled. This can cause a few issues if one has changed jobs multiple times and left their pension pots behind. Other common confusion included the age at which one can retire and receive their state pension and that the pension funds disappear when one dies.