Michael Buble and his wife Luisana Lopilato tied the knot in 2011 and the couple are expecting their fourth child. In a recent interview, the Canadian hitmaker shared how the pair believed they may have made a "mistake" when they first married during a trip to Disney. The 46-year-old was speaking about his new album when he opened up about his relationship with his other half. The crooner shared that he and his wife had considered "annulling their marriage" on their honeymoon. “We went to the Disneys," Michael explained. “That’s what we did, we went to Disney, Disney, Disney." READ MORE: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore The musician went on: “Until one point where we fought so bad that my wife said, ‘we have made a mistake, we must annul this marriage.’ “And I said, ‘well I can’t stand you either’.” The Just Haven't Met You Yet hitmaker went on to explain how they felt the need to "walk away" and think things through. But the couple made the decision to continue with the relationship during the early days of their marriage.  Michael and Luisana have been happily married for 11 years. He continued: “And so we walked away from each other, and we said we are going to walk away, and we are going to think about things. “We came back and we said, ‘you know what, maybe we will just try, and we will just keep trying’, and 15 years, we had four children.” In the same interview, Michael went on to explain that his wife is his "best friend". DON'T MISS... Laura Kenny addresses miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy heartache[LATEST]Johnny Depp called ex Vanessa 'extortionist c***' in Elton John email[UPDATE]Cristiano Ronaldo shares first look of newborn baby in new family snap[PICTURES] He even dedicated his latest single, I'll Never Not Love You, to his beloved partner Luisana. Michael said to Magic Radio: “She is my best friend. So 14 years ago, I wrote ‘Haven’t Met You Yet’ for my wife, I asked her to be in the video… “Here we are 14 years later and I got to make the sequel,” he added to presenter Harriet Scott. In a joint interview, the couple addressed the difficulties they faced during their honeymoon. Michael explained: "Even on our honeymoon, I remember you were like, ‘I think we made a mistake.’ “And I was like, ‘you know, I think you’re right. We did make a mistake.’” Luisana then added to Hello! Canada: “I was expecting for him to tell me, ‘oh no, don’t worry,’ but he said to me, ‘I think so, too. “‘I think we made a big mistake.’ And I was, like [ loud gasp].” Michael and Luisana are already parents to Noah, eight, Elias, six, and Vida, three and are expecting their fourth child. 