Manchester United's bid to appoint Erik ten Hag as their next permanent manager is reportedly under serious threat from RB Leipzig. The Bundesliga giants are looking to hijack United's crunch talks and lure Ten Hag to Germany ahead of his Ajax departure this summer. According to the Mirror, Leipzig want to make the 52-year-old Dutchman their manager next season after opening negotiations weeks ago. And they have even tabled a blockbuster contract in an attempt to steal his highly-rated services from United's grasp. Even more concerningly for the Red Devils, Ten Hag has been left frustrated by the club's failure to offer him acceptable terms despite expressing his desire to move to Manchester. He is now taking Leipzig's offer seriously as he plans his next step after a successful five-year stint at Ajax. David Ornstein reports United want to appoint Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's successor within the next two weeks, suggesting their thorough recruitment process is in its final stages. But if they can't meet Ten Hag's demands, there is a realistic possibility of letting him slip through their fingers. JUST IN: Man Utd set Erik ten Hag deadline with Ajax boss ready for Bundesliga  Following United's interview process in March, including talks with Paris Saint-Germain manager Mauricio Pochettino, Ten Hag emerged as the club's preferred long-term candidate. He has impressed the club and attracted fans with the legacy he will leave behind in Amsterdam. Ten Hag has showcased an ability to rebuild multiple teams, blood youth, play attractive football and regularly challenge for major honours. And he has consistently been linked with making a big move elsewhere in Europe throughout previous years. Marc Overmars' sudden exit earlier this year all but confirmed he was going to pursue a new challenge next season. READ MORE: Didi Hamann disagrees with Jurgen Klopp with sly dig at Pep Guardiola  With United's Ten Hag talks now at a promising stage, there is growing belief he will be the man in the dugout from July and beyond. However, the rival interest in his signature is unsurprising, and there is still a chance the Premier League giants could miss out if he doesn't receive certain guarantees. Given the magnitude of the rebuild needed at Old Trafford, Ten Hag is hopeful of a significant say in the club's football decisions throughout his reign. United would've likely scoffed at the idea under the Ed Woodward regime. Still, a suitable agreement could be met with football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher now key in decision-making with Richard Arnold at the boardroom helm. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.