Katya and Neil appeared on the ITV talk show for a chat about the Strictly Come Dancing Professionals tour with host Ranvir Singh who was stepping in for Lorraine Kelly. The dancers, who broke up in 2019, also opened up about how they still work alongside each other and told viewers "there's still a friendship there".  Katya, 32, and Neil, 39, were married for six years but they parted ways following Katya and former Strictly contestant Seann Walsh's kissing scandal - yet they have insisted that had nothing to do with their marriage ending. Despite their subsequent divorce, the pair have remained close and still work on Strictly together and take part in the tours each year. Putting on a united front on Lorraine, presenter Ranvir began: "I think it's amazing how you two manage your friendship actually and your working relationship, tell us how that actually works. "People will be like, 'It would be nice to be this friendly with your ex right?'" READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Meena Jutla to fall pregnant before she exits  Neil replied: "We have just known each other for so long now. "About 13 years," Katya interjected as he was reflecting on their relationship. Neil continued and cheekily joked: "I think I am the only person who can get her to be quiet in rehearsals." Katya chimed in: "He can't play poker if I am at the table, I literally read his face so well."  He laughed: "I'm like go away", to which Ranvir replied: "That is so funny." Katya added: "It's lovely because our relationship started 13 years ago from respect and teamwork and then romance came as a bonus, if you break down that layer there's still a friendship there. I just love your mum too much." The dancers were joined by fellow Strictly pro Gorka Marquez and they discussed the upcoming tour. Katya explained: "The live tour we've just finished, they include the celebrities and this is just the professionals. DON'T MISS...Seann Walsh jokes Katya Jones turned down £250k to make X-rated film [LATEST]Katya Jones denies reports of rift between ex-Soviet Strictly co-stars [STRICTLY]Katya Jones blasts Strictly Come Dancing rift rumours 'Total nonsense' [UPDATE]  "You get to meet the newbies like Kai [Widdrington] but also the longest standing one Karen [Hauer]. We get to interact with the audience more." Their interview on Lorraine comes after Katya's former Strictly partner Seann detailed the public abuse he received after their kiss became public. The comedian was in a relationship with actress Rebecca Humphries during his Strictly stint while Katya was married to Neil. Speaking in his new comedy special Seann Walsh: Kiss, the 36-year-old said: "I had to move into a hotel for two weeks because the reporters were waiting outside my house, rummaging through my bins, they even turned up at my parents' house. And s**t themselves when my dad answered."  He continued: "My Twitter went bats**t. Thousands and thousands of people telling me they hate me." Seann explained: "I was in a relationship, my dance partner Katya was married. After training we went for a drink, one thing led to another and we were photographed kissing outside a pub. "Awful, I know. It's awful - I'm sorry. I'm still sorry now." Lorraine continues weekdays at 9am on ITV. 