And the Def Leppard frontman says now is the right time to push the importance of music education “right under the noses of those in power”. On Saturday the Daily Express launched our Strike A Chord crusade after shock new figures revealed how the subject was in critical danger of dying out in schools. The number of students taking music at A-Level has plunged by 50 percent in the past decade, while GCSE numbers are down 19 percent. The pandemic has exacerbated the problem and experts say that unless music is recognised as a core subject it could become extinct in state schools – leaving it the preserve of those attending private schools or able to afford extra-curricular private tuition. Throwing his weight behind the campaign Joe, 62, said: “The pandemic proved the worth of music – people needed cheering up and it was the artists who delivered. “But there is still a feeling that prevails that it’s not seen as a real job. That’s still the way the suit and ties in power think – if you want to be an artist do it in your spare time. No!” Music, he said, was “way down the agenda” when he was at school in Sheffield in the 1970s – and things appear to have grown worse. He said: “It’s sadly inevitable that English and maths will always have top standing on the educational podium, but art and music should be in next place.” Pre-pandemic the UK’s world-leading music industry was worth £5.8billion to the Treasury, while the creative sector contributes £110billion to the economy annually. Joe says if music dies out as a subject in schools then it will devastate the whole sector – and leave Britain in a cultural wasteland. He added: “Music is hugely important. “It’s really sad it is being marginalised. It has never been at the forefront of education, but it’s getting worse. “We need to change that.” Def Leppard’s new album Diamond Star Halos is released on May 27th. -------------------------------------------------- The Musicians’ Union welcomes this important campaign from the Daily Express. Music education should be open to all children. As well as being wonderful in itself, music is proven to improve broader academic performance, self-confidence, social cohesion and wellbeing. The latter is particularly important as we recover from the pandemic. The Government has de-prioritised music at every level in education, so children whose parents can’t afford private tuition may never discover their musical talent or pursue a career in music. This is heart-breaking, but it is not too late to reverse the damage and put music back into the heart of education.