When your washing machine isn’t clean, you let bacteria such as E.coli and Staphylococcus aureus run riot. A dirty and smelly machine is also more likely to be full of limescale and, when mineral deposits build up on internal components, their efficiency and service life is reduced. If you’ve never cleaned your washing machine before, the task can be quite daunting. Luckily, cleaning experts at Laundrapp have shared how to clean washing machines to achieve “great results”. The experts said: “When your appliance is dirty, washing your laundry can end up doing more harm than good. “Dirt, detergent, mould, and hard-water deposits build up inside your machine, and over time these can develop a musty odour, giving your clothes that damp, mouldy smell. “If left untreated for a long time, they can even affect the efficiency of your machine. “So, it’s essential to keep dirt and muck in check by giving your washing machine a little TLC from time to time.” Baking soda and white vinegar is the “most effective” way to clean washing machines, according to the experts. They explained: “Vinegar and baking soda offer one of the most effective ways to clean your washing machine. READ MORE: Heating: Cleaning your radiator helps to reduce energy bills “Simply add one to two teaspoons of water to three tablespoons of bicarbonate of soda to form a thick paste, and add this to the detergent drawer. “Next, tip 250ml of white vinegar into the drum, then run your washing machine on a 60°C cycle. “The two ingredients will work together to break down any grime and residue, as well as neutralising any musty odours in your machine.” White vinegar may be an amazingly versatile cleaning product, but it does have a sharp, distinctive scent. So, unless you want your laundry to smell like a chip shop, you’ll need to run another long, hot cycle to completely get rid of any remaining vinegar before you put any laundry into your machine. While the baking soda and white vinegar will clean the washing machine’s internal workings and neutralise any nasty odours, you’ll need to pay special attention to the detergent drawer, filter, drum, and seal. All of these can be particularly susceptible to grime, soap scum, and mould, so they will all need a bit of extra TLC to get them sparkling clean. DON'T MISS: Interior: Common flooring mistakes homeowners are making [TIPS]Garden pests: How to avoid a rat infestation in your garden [COMMENT]Weeding tips: How to ‘eliminate’ driveway weeds ‘permanently’ for free [EXPERT] Laundry powders, fabric softeners, and specialist detergents can leave a crusty residue inside the detergent drawer, and all of those little nooks and crannies can be vulnerable to black mould, too. The cleaning experts said: “The simplest and most effective way to clean it is to remove the entire drawer and wash it by hand. “Soak the drawer in a bowl of hop soapy water, and then wipe it clean with a damp cloth. “If any dried-on detergent residue or mould is tricky to remove, then spray on some multipurpose household cleaner and give it a scrub with an old toothbrush. Then, give your drawer a final rinse, dry it off, and place it back into the machine.” Most washing machines will have a filter, usually hidden behind a panel on the front of the appliance. The filter is designed to catch lint, hair, and even small items that might have made it into the wash by accident, like loose change or hairpins. If the filter becomes clogged up, it can stop the machine from cleaning effectively, so you should check and empty the filter at least once every three months. Exactly how you should access and remove the filter will vary between different manufacturers, so check the care and maintenance guide carefully before you do this. Once you have removed the filter, empty any lint or other small items and give the whole thing a wipe down with a damp cloth before putting it back into place. Cleaning the drum is fairly straightforward as homeowners simply wipe away any visible marks with a cloth, according to the experts. They added: “If there’s an unpleasant aroma inside the drum but you can’t see any mould or dirt, then this is likely caused by nasty bacterial growths that are invisible to the naked eye. “You certainly don’t want this to transfer onto your clothes, so it’s important to sanitise the drum at least once a month: use one of our suggested cleaning methods to remove any blockages, and then run your machine on the hottest cycle (preferably 90°C) to kill off any germs.” The rubber seal between the drum and the door - sometimes called the “gasket” - can be one of the trickiest parts of the machine to clean. This area can be especially vulnerable to build-ups of lint and soap scum, but by far the biggest problem tends to be black mould. These seals are usually deeply ridged, with lots of moisture-trapping nooks and crannies, providing the perfect breeding ground for mildew and mould. To clean the seal, the experts advised taking a damp cloth or sponge and some household cleaning spray, and using them to wipe all around the rim, being careful to get inside any grooves or folds. The cleaning pros added: “If your seal is really mouldy, then spritz on some specialist mildew spray and leave it to work for five minutes before wiping away with a clean damp cloth. “After cleaning, you’ll need to run a short cycle to make sure all of the cleaning fluid is completely removed, as many cleansers contain bleaching agents which could stain your laundry if left in the drum.”