Ian Blackford launched a tirade against the Prime Minister to condemn comments made by Boris Johnson which denied the breaking of lockdown rules within Downing Street. Tory MP Steve Baker interrupted to suggest the SNP Westminster Leader should “believe in redemption”. Mr Baker suggested the MP for Ross, Skye and Lochaber should recognise his position as a “brother in Christ” before he so viciously attacked Boris Johnson.    Mr Blackford refused to stand down, declaring the actions of the Prime Minister to embody “scandal, sleaze, and corruption”. The SNP representative pitched a lengthy speech to Parliament denouncing the behaviour of Boris Johnson as “damage” to the “integrity” of democracy. MP for Wycombe, Mr Baker, disrupted Mr Blackford and requested he “sit down” to allow the Conservative party an opportunity to respond. The Tory MP mocked the rambling of Mr Blackford as he argued “if he would just let us speak he might advance his own cause.” Mr Baker questioned the accusations of the SNP Westminster Leader as he asked “does he not believe in redemption?”    Mr Blackford fought back against the religious argument introduced by the Conservative MP. “I believe in truth and justice,” clarified Mr Blackford. Regardless of the MP’s personal religious affiliation, he insisted the Prime Minister should “face the appropriate sanctions” for comments made to Parliament. Mr Blackford asserted “the House was misled” by the statements of Boris Johnson in which he “denied that there were any parties in Downing Street.” Read more: Boris Johnson 'out of touch' as PM given just months   The Scottish MP criticised Conservative members for involving the “established Church of their nation” in the parliamentary debate. He declared the argument of Mr Baker to be “shameful” as he continued to deplore the behaviour of Boris Johnson. Mr Blackford highlighted the need for “confession” in Christian forgiveness and argued this is impossible to attain from a “Prime Minister that denies everything.” He called upon members of the House to “remove” the Prime Minister from office as a consequence of Boris Johnson’s decision to “deliberately” mislead Parliament. Don't miss:PM says he has no plans to quit in face of commons vote [REVEAL]Tory grandee 'expects' MPs to pass Boris partygate investigation [REPORT]Rayner blasts Boris for 'spending months' on partygate defence [INSIGHT] The fierce debate arose as the House of Commons continued to discuss previous comments made by the Prime Minister in relation to Downing Street gatherings. Boris Johnson had assured Parliament “the rules were followed at all times” and denied his attendance at speculated parties. The Prime Minister has since received a fixed penalty notice for breaching lockdown restrictions in a birthday gathering held at Downing Street on June 19, 2020. MPs are set to vote on Thursday regarding a Labour motion to open an investigation into misleading comments made by the Prime Minister.   