Nick Ede spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about Kate Middleton's style evolution, from fun university student to future Queen of England. Nick told Express.co.uk: "Kate's look has certainly changed since she met William when she was famously modelling that sheer design by Charlotte Todd on her university catwalk." She modelled the dress in 2002, and two decades later her fashion choices are a high cry from that see through ensemble. He described Kate's former fashion choices as "Sloaney style", which can be found in a Hermès scarf, loafers, pie-crust blouses and pearl necklaces. Peter York, co-writer of The Official Sloane Ranger Handbook stated: "When Diana Spencer began to appear in newspapers in the summer of 1980, Sloane Ranger style started to gallop down to the high streets. READ MORE: Kate's most popular outfit in Caribbean solidified 'style icon' status "Suddenly, a Sloane - as we saw her - was the most interesting and publicised person in the world." Interestingly, before Kate was a member of the Royal Family, she emulated the style of the People's Princess, just as she continues to do so today. Indeed, Nick stated: "I think the style inspiration comes more from the late Princess Diana. "Kate's matching white shirts and jeans, oversized jackets and jeans and boots for casual is very reminiscent of a Diana style." He continued: "Again like Diana, Kate can ramp up the style to create show-stopping looks that are bold, bright and statement pieces." Kate also likes to honour the Royal Family by wearing "jewellery from the vast collection of the Queen and the family". Indeed, Kate has been spotted in Queen Mary's diamond choker, the Cartier Halo tiara, Nizam of Hyderbad necklace, Maple Leaf brooch, New Zealand Fern brooch, Royal Family Order brooch, Bahrain Pearl earrings, Bahrain pearl choker, Dubai sapphire earrings and ruby and diamond floral bandeau necklace - all loaned from the Queen. The Nizam of Hyderabad necklace is worth an eye-watering £66.3million, according to online jewellers jewellerybox. In keeping with the Queen's love for dressing for diplomacy, Kate "cleverly uses colour to signify anything from a country to a particular day". In 2011, when Queen Elizabeth II visited Ireland, she let her outfits do the talking with several shamrock-based ensembles, "divorcing a century of conflict through her political dressing", according to a spokesperson from Dune Bags. This year, when Kate attended the First Battalion Irish Guards' St Patrick's Day Parade in Aldershot, the Duchess opted for a mid-length dark green Laura Green London coat dress, accessorising with a matching hat and UFO emerald and diamond earrings. The Duchess' shoes were her Emmy London 'Rebecca' heel stilettos in green. In keeping with the theme, she donned a stylish gold shamrock brooch. Nick continued: "The evolution of Kate from to red carpet Princess has taken quite a while but since her blossoming at her wedding in Sarah Burton for McQueen we have seen her consistently look good whether it's in casual family moments or state events. "What's great about Kate is that she can go for major fashion moments with designers like Erdem, Emilia Wickstead and then she can swap this style for high street looks from Reiss, Hobbs, Boden, Seraphine and Marks & Spencer to name but a few." As for the peak of her fashion evolution, Nick stated: "For me the pinnacle moment for Kates style story came when she wowed in that golden Jenny Packham dress at the James Bond Premiere – coming out post pandemic like a butterfly she showed the world that as a Duchess you can light up the worlds stage but looking fabulous and feeling confident."