The future King and Queen Consort were met by a group of adoring fans outside the BBC Broadcasting House in central London, where they headed to mark the 90th anniversary of the BBC World Service. Prior to stepping inside the building, Charles and Camilla stopped to exchange a few words with members of the public lined up to catch a glimpse of them. Camilla was all smiles as she donned a dark blue ensemble, paired with a tiny handbag and black heels. The heir to the throne accessorised his striped blue suit with a turquoise tie bearing a white geometric design. The royals visited the BBC to thank the staff at the broadcaster's World Service for their work. Charles and Camilla also heard how the reporters are continuing their operations across Ukraine, Russia and Afghanistan. The royals were put in touch with journalists currently in Ukraine to hear about their work and the challenges they are facing. Camilla and Prince Charles's visit comes as the war on Ukrainian soil continues, more than two months after Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the invasion of the neighbouring country. Since the attack launched on February 24, the Prince of Wales and his wife have shown their unwavering support to Ukrainians during a number of engagements. Prince Charles first spoke about the invasion on March 1, when he was delivering a speech to the newly-created city of Southend-on-Sea. The royal spoke of the death of Sir David Amess MP - who had championed Southend acquiring city status for years - as an "attack on democracy" and likened it to Putin's move against Ukraine. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'underestimated' life without royal platform He said: "We are seeing those same values under attacked today in Ukraine in the most unconscionable way." He continued: "In the stand we take here, we are in solidarity with all those who are resisting brutal aggression." On the following day, the Prince of Wales and the Duchess paid a visit to the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London, where they met members of the Ukrainian community, volunteers supporting the humanitarian effort and charity leaders.   In a heart-wrenching moment, Camilla was spotted hugging the wife of Ukraine's Ambassador to the UK Vadym Prystaiko, telling her: "We are praying for you". The Duchess was spotted with teary eyes multiple times during the engagement. The Queen's son, on the other hand, renewed his support for Ukraine saying: "I must say, my wife and I have been deeply moved by everything we've heard today during our visit and above all by the extraordinary bravery, generosity and fortitude of the Ukrainian community in the face of such truly terrible aggression." Charles and Camilla aren't the only members of the Royal Family to have shown their support for Ukraine after the Russian invasion. In late February, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge shared a brief statement on social media in which they recalled their meeting with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky and his wife Olena in 2020 and said to be standing with Ukrainians who were bravely fighting for their future. Mr Zelensky replied to this heartfelt message on Twitter, saying he and his wife were "grateful to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge @RoyalFamily that at this crucial time, when Ukraine is courageously opposing Russia's invasion, they stand by our country and support our brave citizens". Last month, Kate and William visited the Ukrainian Cultural Centre to hear about the efforts being made to support those in the war-torn country. And last week, they visited the headquarters of the Disaster Emergency Committee (DEC) in London to learn more about the ongoing fundraising appeal for people affected by the conflict. There, the Duke and Duchess spoke via video call with people currently on the ground to provide support. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have also sided with Ukraine since the beginning of the conflict. After issuing a statement in which they declared to stand with the people of Ukraine, they announced through their organisation Archewell that they had made donations to a number of organisations working in Ukraine. While the Queen hasn't openly spoken about the conflict, DEC revealed in March the sovereign had made a "generous" donation to its appeal.