A decade at the heart of the British monarchy, Kate Middleton has proved to everyone she is ready for the next two phases of her royal life. The Duchess of Cambridge has navigated royal protocol while forging her own path toward the future. But, the greatest challenges are yet to come when she becomes the Princess of Wales - a role her late mother-in-law, Princess Diana held. A royal expert has explained how Kate will “never try to fill her [Diana’s] shoes”. When the Second Elizabethan Age ends and King Charles III takes the throne, Kate will become the Princess of Wales. And as she takes on the iconic mantle of the People’s Princess, Kate will have to “find a way to honour Diana while making it her own”. Royal expert Duncan Larcombe said: “That is the transition which is potentially hardest. “Kate has always been sensitive about being compared to Diana, and while she often pays tribute through jewellery and clothes, she’d never try to fill her shoes.” READ MORE: 'True Fergie style': Sarah Ferguson wore wedding tiara post-divorce There have been many times over the years when royal fans have suggested Kate channelled Diana through her outfit choices. Most recently, on Sunday when the Duchess stepped out with her two eldest children and Prince William to attend Easter Service. Kate recycled a coatdress by Emilia Wickstead - one of her favourite designers. She debuted the bespoke piece on a visit to Luxembourg in 2017, however, on Sunday, she styled the outfit with a blue headband by Jane Taylor - creating a look similar to one worn by Diana during a visit to Australia. DON'T MISS...Tomatoes: Monty Don on how to 'maximise quantity' of tomato harvest [VIDEO]Sarah Beeny: How to increase value of home to sell - make 5 changes [INTERVIEW]Princess Charlene & Albert 'contrast' one another in new family photo [BODY LANGUAGE] Diana wore the pale blue Catherine Walker suit dress, paired with a John Boyd hat, as she visited Canberra with Prince Charles on their royal tour of Australia and New Zealand nearly 40 years ago. A few weeks prior, for Prince Philip’s memorial service, Kate opted for a polka dot dress. Many suggested Kate made a “sweet nod” to Princess Diana with her outfit. The black and white spotty dress was by designer Alessandra Rich. Kate completed the look with a wide-brimmed hat, pearl earrings and an elegant low bun hairstyle. The Princess of Wales attended Ascot one year wearing a very similar, but the opposite colour-way - a white dress with black polka dots by Victor Edelstein and a wide-brimmed Philip Somerville hat. As for the next position Kate will take up in the Royal Family when Prince Charles becomes King, Prince Wiliam is set to become the Prince of Wales, making Kate the Princess of Wales. When Camilla Parker Bowles married Prince Charles in April 2005, she insisted she would not be called the Princess of Wales out of respect for Diana’s memory. Will Kate do the same? Duncan added: “Kate is very pragmatic. “So while she’s prepared for change, she tries to focus on the more immediate future – her family and her work,” he told OK! magazine.