Lesia Vasylenko, serving as the People’s Deputy of Ukraine, accused the western world of “absolute irresponsibility” in allowing Russia to continue attacking the eastern regions of her country. Following the devastation in the villages of Bucha and Irpin, where photos have emerged suggesting civilians had been handcuffed and shot by Russian soldiers, Vasylenko said “millions of women and children” will suffer further. Speaking to Sarah Montague for BBC’s World at One, Ms Vasylenko said: “Russia is regrouping, and they will be concentrating troops now in the east and the south of Ukraine. “Millions of people, millions of women and children, will be suffering, even more so than the other villages, like Bucha or Irpin, have suffered. “This crime can be stopped, and the West has a responsibility towards it as members of the international community, and who want this community, I presume, to live in this framework of peace and security. “That framework has to be maintained and upkept, but at the moment Ukraine is the only country trying to do that with all we’ve got.” She added: “We have given up a lot to make sure the world is a peaceful place, but we cannot do this forever and Russia’s aggression is on the rise. “And it’s going to continue on the rise because Putin is not being stopped. “In my mind, after seeing what those animals have done in Bucha and in Irpin, after seeing all those bodies, I think inaction is just the highest form of hypocrisy and complacence with Putin. “It’s appeasement and an absolute irresponsibility not just towards Ukraine but to humanity in general.” READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Russia infighting ERUPTS - Chechen leader turns [LIVE] The bodies of dead civilians allegedly bound and shot by Russian soldiers in Bucha, in what Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky described as “genocide”, were killed before Russian soldiers withdrew from the city, it was confirmed last night. The atrocities carried out in Bucha and Irpin were dismissed by the Kremlin as staged, with officials suggesting Ukrainians placed the civilian bodies there to incriminate Russia. But satellite images published in the New York Times suggest otherwise, capturing the bodies there before Russian forces had left the village. It is this “animal” behaviour that Vasylenko fears will continue in the eastern and southern regions of Ukraine as Russian forces concentrate their efforts in those areas. DON'T MISS: Putin must face 'war crime trial' after heartbreaking images of Bucha [INSIGHT] Emotional Zelensky condemns Putin’s ‘genocide’ [REPORT] Ukrainian mother weeps as she digs grave for son - VIDEO [VIDEO] Her concerns were echoed by Dmytro Kuleba, Ukraine’s foreign minister, yesterday, who described the situation in the south-eastern port city of Mariupol as “much worse” than anywhere else. He said: “I can tell you without exaggeration but with great sorrow that the situation in Mariupol is much worse compared to what we’ve seen in Bucha and other cities, towns, and villages nearby Kyiv. Residents in Mariupol have been forcibly removed from their homes, via filtration camps, and into Russia against their will, the accounts of two civilian women have suggested. One of the women said: “On 15 March, Russian troops stormed into our bomb shelter and ordered all the women and children to get out. It was not a choice. “People need to know the truth, that Ukrainians are being moved to Russia, the country that is occupying us.”