Some patients, mainly young men, have reported the development of myocarditis, also known as an inflammation of the heart muscle. Other vaccinated persons have experienced pericarditis, also referred to as the inflammation of the heart lining. Reports of these side effects have not proved helpful for proponents of the vaccine, with the incidence of heart inflammation recently cited as a reason why vaccinations weren’t expanded to children. However, scientists have come out and said people are as likely to suffer heart inflammation as a result of any other vaccine as they are the Covid vaccination. READ MORE: New ‘killer’ cancer treatment stops one third of tumours growing Researchers from the National University of Singapore studying the link have said: “The overall risk of myopericarditis appears to be no different for this very new group of vaccines against COVID-19 than for traditional vaccines against other pathogens.” Furthermore, the results reveal the incidence of heart inflammation after a Covid vaccination is low, about 18 cases per million doses of the vaccine. This makes heart inflammation as a result of the vaccine extremely unlikely; much lower than for non-Covid jabs. Results from the same body of research showed non-Covid jabs had an incidence of 56 cases per million.  Speaking about what this means for the vaccine, Dr Kollengode Ramanathan from the National University of Singapore said: “These findings are important additions to the conversation when weighing the risk-benefits of COVID-19 vaccination and parents should be informed about the benefits and harms of COVID-19 vaccination, the local risk of exposure to COVID-19 infection at the time, and the risk of myopericarditis from COVID-19 infection itself at the time of vaccination of their adolescent children.” Meanwhile, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine Vaccine Centre’s Professor Beate Kampmann noted the important thing to note was heart inflammation as a result of the vaccination was extremely rare. Furthermore, heart inflammation can normally be treated with anti-inflammatory treatment. Kampmann added: “The risk of heart involvement and serious harm from COVID-19 itself is significantly higher than this rare-side effect, which primarily – and rarely – affects young males.” Even though the likelihood of heart inflammation is rare and the risks are low, there are concerns this may fuel the argument of those opposed to the vaccine. However, the dangers of getting Covid while unvaccinated are far higher than any danger posed by the vaccine. Professor Sir Nilesh Samani of the British Heart Foundation says: “Millions of people around the world have had a Covid vaccine, virtually all without complications. “Getting COVID-19 can lead to severe illness including heart issues and people who are vaccinated have a much lower risk of getting other serious complications caused by COVID-19.” Recent studies have shown COVID-19 can have a profound effect on the heart and increase the risk of heart disease. Furthermore, studies have shown it can increase the risk of heart failure, heart attack, and stroke by over 50 percent. There is also evidence to suggest it may increase the risk of mental health conditions and diabetes. As a result, even as former Health Secretary Matt Hancock declares victory over the virus, in many cases at the moment COVID is having the last laugh.