August Brooksbank, the son of Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank, was pictured in a sweet springtime snap as he sat among the daffodils paired with the caption ‘Happy Easter’. One hour later, a photograph was posted of the one-year-old taking monumental steps towards his mother who had her arms stretched out ready for him. Dressed in a blue jumper with light green trousers and trainers, August tentatively stepped away from his father’s outstretched arms and towards a beaming Eugenie.   Last month, the Princess posted a photo of the trio in a park which showed the two doting parents holding each of August’s hands as he cautiously stepped forwards. The park trip was how Eugenie spent her 32nd birthday and she captioned the photo saying: “What a birthday to celebrate in the park with my boys. Thank you xx.” Princess Eugenie’s first child celebrated his first birthday in February in which another Instagram post was made to mark the special occasion. The caption read: “Happy 1st Birthday to our little hero Augie. You are such a special soul that brightens every room with your smile and wave.   "You have made us so very proud. We love you!" As part of the Easter celebrations, Eugenie joined other members of the Royal Family at the Easter Sunday church service held at St George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle. The royal left her husband and son at home and walked with Peter Phillips, her cousin, and his two daughters Savannah and Isla. Royal fans took to social media to praise her bold outfit she wore for the occasion as she opted for patterns over block colour like the Duchess of Cambridge. READ MORE:  Putin's double humiliating loss - two more top commanders killed The Princess wore a calf-length Peter Pilotto dress with nude heels, an Emily London headpiece and a nude clutch bag. One fan said, “Princess Eugenie looked beautiful” with another complimenting her outfits saying, “love her dress!” The Queen opted out of attending the annual service due to her mobility issues but payed tribute to the day in private. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should young royals start taking over more duties? (POLL)Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ (REVEAL)Putin energy hammerblow as Italy signs huge gas deal - Draghi demands (INSIGHT) Others not in attendance included Prince Charles and Camilla who had attended the Maundy Thursday Service in place of the Queen, and Princess Eugenie’s sister, Princess Beatrice. Princess Beatrice welcomed her first child with her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi in September and the couple announced they chose to name their daughter Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi. It was thought that the two sisters would particularly enjoy the Easter celebrations this year as it is the first time they are both mothers for the occasion. 