Fans of cleaning star Mrs Hinch have shared their washing up liquid hack for removing cooking oil stains from clothes. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, shot to fame after she began sharing her cleaning tips and hacks on TV and online. The cleaning star now has more than 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Fans of hers have created their own cleaning groups dedicated to sharing tips on social media. On one such group, Facebook user Danielle Hartnett said: “Hi, have some trousers with cooking oil down them. “When my boyfriend did it, he left them for a week and I hadn’t realised and washed as normal and dried/put them away. “Is there anything I can do now or is it too late?” Sue Calvert said: “Fairy liquid and water as hot as you can stand it. READ MORE: How to keep cut flowers fresh with just white vinegar and sugar  “Wear rubber gloves to protect your hands and wash and rinse as usual. “Allow to drip dry, preferably outside. Repeat if necessary.” Sue’s post was inundated with responses but the most popular response was to put neat washing up liquid on the stain. Angela Regan replied: “Neat washing up liquid. “Rub a little onto grease, leave 10 minutes and wash as normal. Works every time for me.”  DON'T MISSWeeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds [INSIGHT]How to clean your patio without a pressure washer [UPDATE]Monty Don's three jobs for the weekend - including pruning hydrangeas [ANALYSIS] Kirstie Nairn commented: “Fairy liquid. Rub in before washing then wash as normal. “My daughter had a grease mark on her school jumper. I did this and it’s totally gone now.” Lisa McGinn wrote: “Rub neat washing up liquid into the area. Rinse thoroughly and wash again.” Liza Barnett Tweedie said: “Yes rub washing up liquid into stain then wash again as normal. “It sometimes takes two attempts.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Carol Davies suggested: “Fairy washing up liquid has degreaser in it. “Put that on the oil neat. Rub in well.” Jill Gardiner agreed and wrote: “Fairy liquid, rub into the stain and leave it for about 20 minutes and wash.” Ezme Smith commented: “Put washing up liquid on the mark. Leave for 20 minutes then wash.” Maria Cole said: “Neat washing up liquid on the stain, rub in, leave for a couple of minutes and wash.” Tesco Washing Up Liquid Limited Edition Seasonal is available to buy for 41p.  Sainsbury's Washing Up Liquid can be bought for 55p. Ocado Original Washing Up Liquid costs 70p. Fairy Original Washing Up Liquid is available to buy from ASDA for 97p. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using talc, Elbow Grease and bicarbonate of soda. Denise Granger said: “No need for chemicals, put talc on the stain then kitchen paper and iron it will lift the oil.” Rose Wakefield wrote: “I used Elbow Grease on mine and it works great.” Vikki Fry commented: “Sprinkle with baking soda, rub in washing up liquid with a brush, then wash as normal.”