Alfie Boe opened up on how difficult life has been since he divorced his wife of 16 years, Sarah, last year. The opera star said on Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof that he was trying to learn to be a “better man”. He was starring on the BBC show, which sees celebrities take on epic adventures and battle freezing cold temperatures. Also taking part are Owain Wyn Evans, Dianne Buswell, Chelcee Grimes, Gabby Logan, Patrice Evra, Professor Green and Tamzin Outhwaite. Chatting to host Holly Willoughby, Alfie said he was working on improving himself, and taking on the gruelling challenge of the programme was part of that. “I am here to find something in myself that I may have lost after a while,” he said. “The last couple of years have been real tough. “I think the biggest challenges in life are not so much physical ones, they’re emotional and mental challenges.” He continued: “Recently, unfortunately my marriage came to an end. “I think this is an experience that I am going to value a lot to mentally stimulate myself and become a better person. “I want to become a better man and learn from the past.” Alfie and Sarah first met while rehearsing for La Boheme while in San Francisco, according to his autobiography, and married in 2004. Back in November 2021, Alfie announced they were splitting up after 16 years together. They share daughter Grace, 12, and son, Alfie, eight. In a statement on Instagram, he praised his long-time love as he called her an “incredible partner” and said they would remain “amicable” for the sake of their children, while dismissing speculation on his marriage as “nonsense”. DON'T MISS...Queer Eye star blasts royal who 'asked Harry about baby's skin colour'Victoria Beckham shares David's cheeky pic of her passed out by toiletStacey Solomon on 'harsh reality' at home after Joe Swash 'loses it' He wrote: “After speculation about my marriage to Sarah ending, I can confirm that we have separated. “I have nothing but love and respect for Sarah who’s been an incredible partner and an amazing mother to our two beautiful children and everything is very amicable.” Addressing the speculation surrounding the end of their marriage, including claims he was using dating app Raya, he added: “Other parts of the story, though, are absolute nonsense. ‘I would just kindly ask for respect of our privacy during this time, as we work things out. “I thank you all for your welcomed support.” Alfie's statement came after The Sun claimed the couple had gone their separate ways after finding their relationship had become “increasingly strained”. The insider also claimed their split was partially due to the stress of lockdown. "They have found their relationship increasingly strained and [Alfie] says they've now made the decision to separate," said the source.