Tiger Woods proved his pinpoint accuracy certainly hasn't evaded him in his return from injury at The Masters after hitting a golf ball picker square on the roof during a practice session at the range on Tuesday. Woods is still yet to confirm whether he will tee up at The Masters on Thursday having arrived in Augusta at the weekend.  His involvement on the course this week has caught many by surprise with those inside his inner circle not even sure he would be able to compete as little as a few months ago. Woods hasn't played on the PGA Tour since being involved in a horror car crash in February last year. He did tee up at the PNC Championship with his son, Charlie, at the end of 2021 with fans eager to see Woods in action. While there was signs that Woods struggled to walk for long periods, his game appeared to be strong. Still, a return in 2022 for the first major of the year was extremely doubtful given he hadn't played competitively. But reports emerged at the end of last month that Woods was doing everything he could to try and get back out on the course at Augusta. JUST IN: Tiger Woods sent retirement warning as he eyes Masters return  He had been putting in work at his local golf course and small snippets of information came out of how Woods was faring. The 15-time major winner then announced on Sunday that it would be a "game-time decision" on whether he plays at The Masters or not. But 60,000 lucky fans lined the famous course on Monday to see Woods play through a practice round with Tiger Mania in full force. That has continued into Tuesday with Woods getting back on the range with a more spectators trying to catch a glimpse of the golfing icon. DON'T MISS  On the chipping mat, Woods was showing off his prowess once more and even drew some laughter from the crowd with one attempt as the golf ball picker was coming through. Woods was even able to let out a little chuckle as the crowd cheered the unique moment. The American sporting superstar is set to speak to the media at 4pm BST where it is expected he will announce whether he is competing this week. The Masters tee times and pairings for the opening two rounds are traditionally released on Tuesday and fans will be looking out to see whether Woods is included.