Elon Musk, 50, has come under strong criticism since it was announced he would purchase Twitter for $44 billion (£34.5 billion). Since the news broke, many social media users have decided to leave the site, with Elon taking to Twitter today to slam his critics. In view of his 87.2 million followers, the Tesla owner made sure to leave a laugh among his followers when he joked about his next business plan. Elon joked: "Next I’m buying Coca-Cola to put the cocaine back in." Many social media users rushed to comment on Elon's proposed future business plans. Iihtishamm said: "Buy TikTok and delete it." READ MORE: Helen Skelton announces heartbreaking split from husband Richie Myler Makhosa78668769 added: "The world has real issues,and this is what you choose to do with money." Fallinlovia commented: "Come on, how can you not love this guy?" Many social media users have decided to leave Twitter after the news broke that Elon had purchased the site, including presenter Jameela Jamil. Jameela tweeted to her one million followers on Monday: "One good thing about Elon buying Twitter is that I will *FINALLY* leave and stop being a complete menace to society on here. "So, it’s win-win for you all really." She then attached a selection of snaps with her dog, Barold, in what she said was her “last tweet”. The presenter wrote: “Ah he got twitter. I would like this to be what lies here as my last tweet. Just really *any* excuse to show pics of Barold. "I fear this free speech bid is going to help this hell platform reach its final form of totally lawless hate, bigotry, and misogyny. Best of luck." Express.co.uk has contacted Musk's representatives for comment. Elon's deal was announced on Sunday after he made a bid to buy Twitter two weeks prior. DON'T MISS... Karen Hauer and Luba Mushtuk stun in bikinis as they shower together [STRICTLY] Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband [INSIGHT] Demi Rose enters ‘barbie mode’ in cleavage-baring display [PICS] In a statement, Tesla’s CEO said he would advocate free speech and "increase trust" on the site. He stated that "free speech is the bedrock of a functioning democracy" and that he planned to make Twitter "better than ever". Elon also promised new features including: "Making the algorithms open source to increase trust, defeating the spam bots, and authenticating all humans." There was speculation from many social media users that Elon might reinstate the account of former president Donald Trump. Trump was permanently banned from Twitter following the storming of the Capitol in January last year. However, the US politician has vowed not to return, opting to use his own TRUTH Social as a platform to voice his views. Nevertheless, Trump said it was a good thing that Elon bought Twitter and stated that he is a "good man". The former US president told Fox News: "I am not going on Twitter, I am going to stay on TRUTH. "I hope Elon buys Twitter because he’ll make improvements to it and he is a good man, but I am going to be staying on TRUTH."