The EuroMillions draw gives people across Europe the chance to take home life-changing figures, twice a week. The draw takes place every Tuesday and Friday and tonight those who are participating will have the opportunity to secure up to £72million, as well as additional opportunities to win smaller sums from the pot. EuroMillions is played between nine European countries, including the UK, Ireland, Spain, France, Austria, Belgium, Luxembourg, Portugal and Switzerland. Hundreds have been lucky winners of the EuroMillions jackpot since its first draw in February 2004, with players landing prizes between €10 million and €220 million. All nine participating countries have enjoyed success, from multiple winners splitting jackpots to single ticket holders and syndicates. The biggest jackpot to be won so far was claimed in October 2021 at €220 million.  READ MORE: 'Organised crime groups' use lottery scams that 'look genuine'   The winner remains anonymous, but it was confirmed the ticket was claimed in France by a woman who had never previously played the game. According to EuroMillions, the anonymous winner said she wanted to travel the world and ‘discover the snow’ she hadn’t seen before. The draw closes at 7:30pm GMT, so to be in with a chance of winning, you need to buy your ticket before then. The EuroMillions draw has not yet taken place. Numbers are expected to be drawn just after 8.45pm. Express.co.uk will announce the results of tonight's draw here when they are available, alongside the Millionaire Maker's code and Thunderball results.  To play EuroMillions, you must choose five main numbers from one to 50 and two lucky stars from one to 12. Next, decide how many lines you want to buy - the rate is currently £2.50 per line. Buying more lines increases your chances of winning. Tonight, the jackpot sits at a colossal £72million. In order to win this jackpot, one of your lines must match all five numbers and both lucky stars. However, if your luck runs dry for the jackpot, additional opportunities are there to win smaller prizes. There are 13 ways to win in the main draw, with larger prizes awarded for successfully matching more numbers. The overall odds of receiving any prize are 1 in 13. DON'T MISS: 'Did not occur to me' Boris REFUSES to resign over partygate as he vow [BREAKING]Is Rishi Sunak's dream of becoming Prime Minister over? [ANALYSIS]National lottery: Camelot launches legal action over losing licence [INSIGHT]     If you match fewer numbers, you can still take home pretty impressive sums. With every ticket, you'll also be entered into the Millionaire Maker draw, which will turn the lucky ticket holder into a millionaire if their raffle code is picked. You can buy tickets online or in an authorised shop - there will be a sign outside promoting the lottery. With millions taking part in nine countries, the odds of winning EuroMillions are naturally quite slim. However, there are a few ways to boost your chances. By joining a syndicate, which is a group of players purchasing tickets, you can enter multiple lines into the draw without increasing the cost of playing. If one person wins, the group splits the money.  Having a share of multiple lines, as opposed to just one singular, will improve your chances of winning. Another option, suggested by EuroMillions, is to play with random numbers greater than 31. Most players use significant dates to select numbers, which limits their choice to 31 and under. The odds of a random set of numbers being drawn are the same as the odds of a familiar pattern being drawn, but the prize amounts are partly determined by how many players win. So by choosing a mix of small and large numbers, you’re more likely to choose numbers that haven’t been picked as much by others. 