The UK is battling through the worst cost of living crisis in a generation, with inflation running at a 30-year high and everyday goods costing more than they have for years. Household budgets are squeezed even further by pay packets failing to catch up with spiking inflation The Office for National Statistics revealed last week that average earnings grew by 5.4 percent in February, including bonuses. But this is a marked failure to keep up with a 6.2 percent rise in the consumer prices index in the same month. For those who missed out on a bonus, the situation is worse, as average wages increased by only four percent. READ MORE: Martin Lewis unpacks what your tax code means - check now This is actually the biggest wage drop in nearly nine years, being the steepest decline since the third quarter of 2013. What’s more, the recent increases to the Minimum and National Living Wages at risk of being wiped out by inflation. The ONS said real pay was now “falling noticeably”, with figures for the month of February showing regular wages dropped 2.1 percent after inflation – the biggest decrease since August 2013. Since February, inflation has risen to seven percent, and experts have warned wages will lag behind as inflation is expected to skyrocket in the autumn. What’s more, a slump in demand on the high street and online has been revealed by new ONS figures. The ONS published retail sales volumes in Great Britain on Friday, which show a drop of 1.4 percent in March - economists had predicted a drop of just 0.3 percent. The figure follows on from a decline of 0.5 percent a month earlier as shoppers pull the reigns in on their finances. Retailers have been passing on higher costs to consumers, resulting in more pain for ordinary Brits and many opting to shop less. The ONS found escalating energy, fuel and raw material costs contributed to heightened prices. DON'T MISSEnergy bills: How to reduce water bills costs and use less water [EXPLAINER]Is it cheaper to use a dishwasher at night? [INSIGHT]Cost of living: Four in 10 families 'struggled to pay bills in April' [REPORT] The Resolution Foundation said the current fall in real wages was not projected to end until late 2023. The foundation further predicted that when the end of 2023 comes, average wages would be no higher than in 2007. Nye Cominetti, the thinktank’s senior economist, said: “With the current inflation being driven by soaring energy bills, it will be lower-income families feeling the squeeze the most.” But Shachar Bialick, CEO and founder of Curve, a financial app, thinks the UK could be coming to the end of the cycle - but the pain won’t stop there. Mr Bialick told Express.co.uk: “Wage growth is struggling to keep up with the cost of living crisis, meaning that despite pay rises, Brits are still left with less money in their pocket. “The upside is that while inflation might rise further, we’ve reached a peak with the rising cost of living. “In economic terms we’re nearing the end of the cycle. The cost of living will go down before increasing again, giving Brits some respite from heightened costs."