Up to 190,000 Russian troops are said to have been deployed to Ukraine since the invasion began on February 24, with reports now stating that Russia is only building up more troops and military equipment along Ukraine’s eastern border. Despite no sign of a ceasefire, Ukraine isn’t backing down and is instead bolstering its own forces to remain one step ahead of Russia’s targets. Russian forces are said to have fully withdrawn from around Ukraine’s capital city Kyiv and northern Ukraine - the areas most dominated by Ukrainian troops. Initially, Russia’s plan involved four primary efforts; the main effort was to seize Kyiv, holding the objective to overthrow Ukraine’s president Volodymyr Zelenskyy and install a puppet government to control Ukraine. Then there were three supporting efforts to attain this goal. This involved attacking Ukraine’s second-largest city Kharkiv, as well as Mariupol and Kherson, all situated south of Ukraine. However, Russia’s ambitions in Kyiv have not yet come to fruition, as Russian officials instead announced its retreat from the city’s capital with a complete redeployment of troops to Belarus, a country located on Ukraine’s northern border.  READ MORE: Putin issues nuclear threat - vows to send weapons into Europe if Swed  Putin’s ambitious plan to seize Kyiv “in days” has so far failed miserably, and this is due to what seems to be a fair few factors. These include logistical issues, demoralisation among Russian troops due to feeling ‘misled’, and most importantly, strong Ukrainian resistance. Russia has suffered some particularly heavy losses at the hands of Ukraine. A senior NATO military official estimated between 7,000 and 15,000 Russian troops to have been killed as of March 25, and around three to four times as many have been injured or are in critical condition.   Ukraine placed a fairly unbalanced volume of troops in its northern region compared to the south as a means to throw off Putin’s ambitions to seize Kyiv. This is one factor which helped push Russian forces out of the capital. Ukraine held further resistance along the Russian lines of communication from eastern Kyiv to the Russian border near Sumy, which played a big role in disrupting Russian efforts to bring more combat power to Kyiv. Overall, the operation was unfolding to be a lot more complex and a lot more time consuming than Putin had anticipated. And with the continuous depletion of Russian troops in and around the area, Russia has had to change its plans.  DON'T MISS: British troops prepare to face down Putin's army [INSIGHT] Putin' has a 'doomsday plane' that can withstand a nuclear blast [EXPLAINED]Putin’s ‘unfocused’ speech once sparked health fears: 'Weak voice' [ANALYSIS]    The east of Ukraine appears to be the more central focus for Russia now, in efforts to bolster a crucial conflict that could play a huge role in shaping the next phase of the war.  The Ministry of Defence tweeted: “Fighting in eastern Ukraine will intensify over the next two to three weeks as Russia continues to refocus its efforts there. “Russian attacks remain focused on Ukrainian positions near Donetsk and Luhansk with further fighting around Kherson and Mykolaiv and a renewed push towards Kramatorsk.  “Russian forces continue to withdraw from Belarus in order to redeploy in support of operations in eastern Ukraine.” Russian officials have announced their renewed focus to be the “complete liberation” of Donbas, which refers to Ukraine’s eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, where Russian-backed separatists have long-held the territory.  In order to do this, Russian troops have been using Ukraine’s eastern city of Mariupol as a stepping stone, given the city is conveniently located between Russian-annexed Crimea and areas in the Donbas region, which are controlled by the Russian-backed separatists. If Russia takes control of Mariupol, those troops can be redeployed to Donbas. And despite Ukraine retaining a firm grip on some areas in Mariupol, analysts at the Institute for the Study of War, have predicted Russian forces are likely to capture Mariupol in the coming week. 