Roy Keane believes Erik ten Hag will not succeed as manager of Manchester United unless the club gives him power and control. The former Red Devils skipper says interim boss Ralf Rangnick, and his predecessors, were destined to fail because they were not given full control of major decisions such as player recruitment. United's 4-0 defeat to Liverpool on Tuesday put another dent in their hopes of finishing in the Premier League top four this season. And Keane gave his verdict on the sorry state of affairs at his old club after the final whistle. Ajax boss Ten Hag is claimed to have agreed to take over at Old Trafford this summer. But Keane says United chiefs must make a major change in decision making and hand the Dutchman power that the likes of Rangnick have not had. He said on Sky Sports: "The problem for the manager, there you mentioned [Jurgen] Klopp and Pep [Guardiola] and [Thomas] Tuchel, what you want as a manager if you can is power and control at your club. He hasn't got any power, he's got no control. READ MORE: Man Utd have four striker options after Haaland 'agrees terms' with Man City  "So it was so obvious what was going to happen when [Rangnick] came in. So whenever the new manager comes in, whenever that is announced, the club have got to back him. "They've got to back him and give him that power and control, and big decisions with the transfers. From what I hear over the last few years, there are people upstairs making the decisions on recruitment and it's just backfiring all the time. The manager's got to have a big say." Keane won seven Premier League titles in a glittering 12-year spell as a player at United. But the 50-year-old says the team now does not resemble the club he played for. DON'T MISSArsenal boss Arteta's radical XI to beat Chelsea with Martinelli up front and Holding in [TEAM NEWS]Real Madrid have a chance to sign a better striker than Mbappe and wound Barcelona [TRANSFERS]Erik ten Hag given cold reality check as Graeme Souness sends 'good luck' message [QUOTES]  Keane added: "I think it was anger at the start of the season, now I just think it is sadness. There is disarray at this football club, from the top to the bottom. The fans have got no time for the owners. "They want new owners, a new manager and new players. It’s so sad to see because it is not the club I played for. "It is not what Manchester United stood for when I played for them, it is just chalk and cheese. I don’t see a Manchester United team out there fighting or playing with pride."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here