The BBC Radio Scotland presenter Richard Gordon, 62, announced yesterday that he would be leaving Sportsound after three decades. Lorraine Kelly, 62, has taken to Instagram to express her sadness over Richard's departure from his Saturday show, calling him the "voice" of Scottish football. Lorraine took to Instagram to share a screenshot of the article announcing Richard's departure. She captioned the post in view of her 486,000 followers: "Whaaaaat! One of the most talented, intelligent well informed and loveliest fellas! (sic) "You ARE the voice of Scottish football - what will we do without you xx." Many social media users took to the post's comment section to bid farewell to the BBC presenter. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty admits struggle as tells BBC colleague ‘ask for help’ Richard himself commented: "Aw @lorrainekellysmith thank you so much!! "I'll still be around on Sundays and midweeks!! Going to be hanging around like a bad smell x." Cheryl.liddell74 added: "Noooo. Such an iconic voice on Saturday afternoons. Won’t be the same on a Saturday." NeilMalone_ said: "So, are you busy Saturdays Lorraine ....?! lol! seriously though, very sad news to hear he's leaving!" (sic) Fans of Richard will be happy however as he is switching to the Sunday edition of the Sportsound show instead of the Saturday episode. He will also continue his midweek coverage for BBC Radio Scotland. Richard said about his departure: "Given I'm about to complete my 30th full season, I think it's the right time to step aside. "It has been an absolute privilege being in the hot seat every Saturday. DON'T MISS... Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband [INSIGHT] 'You f****r!' Gary Lineker's row with motorist amid 'road rage' [OPINION] Catherine Zeta-Jones wows fans as actress unveils youthful appearance [PICS] "It's been a hugely difficult decision, but I'm delighted to be able to carry on doing Sundays and midweeks. "I felt I needed a new challenge alongside my BBC commitments, and I look forward to still being heavily involved in the wonderful world of Scottish football." Meanwhile, Lorraine has been documenting her incredible weight loss on Instagram after she decided to change her life for the better after lockdown. The bubbly host has been revealing some health and fitness tips on Instagram in recent months to help her fans achieve their own weight loss goals. It comes after Lorraine revealed she crept up two dress sizes during the pandemic due to comfort eating doughnuts and sweet treats. The Glasgow-born presenter said she "didn't feel great" about her new size 14 figure after realising her favourite dress didn't fit anymore, leading her to pursue a healthy lifestyle. You can watch Lorraine on her ITV morning show weekdays at 9am.