The so-called “worst offender” is Manchester Airport which charges £5 for five minutes parking, while anyone staying longer than 10 minutes faces a cost of £25. Stansted Airport has a slightly longer grace period, allowing drivers to stay for 15 minutes for £7, although any longer than the allotted time costs £25. Drivers are also being warned of Gatwick and Luton Airport, with both airports charging £5 for a 10 minute stop, with Gatwick charging an additional £1 per minute up to 20 minutes. Luton charges motorists an additional £1 per minute after 10 minutes. Jersey is the only airport in the UK which does not charge for express set-down or pick-up services. Inverness Airport is free for 10 minutes, while Cardiff is drop-off free for 10 minutes. READ MORE: Driver fined £65 because shadow of his car was in disabled spot Some electric car drivers are also offered some respite, with Edinburgh Airport offering a 50 percent discount. Research by Start Travel revealed British international airports charge up to £1 per minute in the so-called “kiss and fly” spaces close to terminals. While some airports do charge less for drop-offs and pick-ups, many impose even tougher penalties for those attempting to avoid charges. For example, Birmingham Airport levies fines of up to £100 on rule-breakers.  DON'T MISSLand Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist [SHOCKING]Hydrogen cars could cause a ‘nasty explosion’ if involved in a crash [WARNING]Motorists could be handed fines of £5,000 for adjusting their seat [IMPORTANT] Lee Puffett, Managing Director of Start Travel, said: “With travel expenses rising rapidly, travellers are looking for ways to save money. “Some airports are profiting from poor travel planning, so don’t be caught out with costly drop-off and pick-up fees. “Be sure to research your airport carefully before you set off – often there are free ways to drop passengers at the airport. “Saving money requires a little forward planning.” This comes as one angry driver slammed the airport parking charges after she was dropped off at the airport. Elaine Bulmer said: "My husband wasn’t even there for 10 minutes - more like three!!! “Threw me and my case out of the car then whizzed off - still £4! “Absolute daylight robbery! They surely can’t justify this!” Some drivers have found a loophole which allows them to access free parking for those staying less than 15 minutes. At Newcastle Airport, drivers can access free parking through the “Short Stay 2” car parking area. Motorists are given up to 15 minutes for free parking in this area, although they can choose to be closer to the terminal with Express parking which costs just £4 for 10 minutes. A spokesperson for Newcastle Airport told Chronicle Live: “We offer 15 minutes free parking in the Short Stay 2 car park for those dropping off or picking up passengers, this car park is located a short walk from the terminal entrance. “Alternatively, if passengers wish the convenience of being closer to the terminal, there are a number of car park options available, including our Express Drop Off car park which is located directly opposite the terminal entrance.”  With expensive parking costs, many holidaymakers may be looking for alternative measures when it comes to going abroad. New data has found that almost one third of UK travellers worry about spending too much before they jet off. Research from Zip revealed that Britons spend almost a fifth of their holiday budget on pre-travel prep, even before the parking costs. Ruth Spratt, Senior Director at Zip UK, comments: “As the nation prepares to go on holiday once again, our research has shown that UK travellers often struggle to manage their holiday finances. “More than one in 10 don’t know how to budget for a holiday, and nearly a third fund their holidays with just one paycheck, rather than spreading the cost out over several months in the run up.” On average, people spend a whopping £145 before they even reach the airport.