Homeowners need to be aware that the colour they decide to paint their kitchens will contribute to the entire atmosphere. So it's important to find a shade that suits the home’s theme. Certain colour schemes tend to work well in specific types of kitchens, promising to give your space a timeless appeal. However, there are some colours to steer clear of as they can have a negative impacts on the rooms and perhaps the rest of the house, according to experts. Lindsey Davis, Interim Editor of Real Homes spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk on why some people think red is a good colour to paint a kitchen, but in actual fact disrupts the calming atmosphere a kitchen needs. She said: “If you believe colour psychology you might have heard that red stimulates appetite and think 'what better a place to use red than the kitchen?' “However the vibrancy and power of red is not conducive to a restful space and while the high energy it imparts might be useful as you busily prepare a meal, we like a little more calm as we sit to eat.” Ryan McDonough, interior design expert at MyJobQuote also exclusively shared with Express.co.uk that red is a colour to avoid painting your kitchen with. READ MORE: Painting mistakes to avoid - or devalue your home He said: “Bright reds, oranges and yellows, although cheerful and energetic, also make kitchens feel hot. Whereas your kitchen wants to appear cool and calm. “After all, no one likes to feel hot and flustered while cooking.” However, for those who are a fan of red and want to include the colour in their kitchen decor, they should do so “in small doses”. Ryan said: “Even if you’re planning to decorate for yourself, it’s good to use these colours in small doses. DON'T MISS: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less [TIPS]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks [COMMENT]Property: Most ‘underestimated’ feature to add £27,000 to house value [EXPERT] “Think pops of colour rather than drenching the room." Knowing what colour to paint a kitchen is also dependent on whether homeowners are planning on selling soon. Ryan added: “What colour scheme you paint your kitchen with is slightly dependent on whether you’re decorating for yourself or to attract buyers. “If you’re aiming to sell your home, then forget using a distinctive colour that suits your own tastes.” Similarly to red, yellow is another colour that can add feelings of “stress” to kitchens. Lindsey said: “The same applies for yellow. Though a sunshiney hue can feel invigorating, this can quickly bubble over to stress when you are trying (and failing) to multitask, or have too many people buzzing around at meal times. “This is especially important to note if your kitchen is also your living space.” For those who are thinking from a practicality point of view, many people tend to stay away from neutral shades too. Lindsey said: “From a practicality point of view, some people steer away from whites and neutrals that are going to show splashes and stains more easily.” Although, this shouldn't be a concern if you are using a good kitchen paint that can be easily wiped clean if a sauce or soup gets out of hand. The interior expert also mentioned how dark colours are becoming popular in kitchens. Lindsey said: “Conversely we are seeing a lot of dark, grounding colours making their way into the kitchen – from inky blue to forest green – and these work well (and disguise the odd spill) as long as you ensure you have adequate task lighting.”