Later this year, the Duke of Sussex will release his memoir, a book that its publisher has described as “intimate and heartfelt”. According to Penguin Random House, Harry will “share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him”. There has been speculation that the book could see the prince make further claims about his time as a royal. One such area speculated to be covered is Harry’s relationship with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, who will one day be crowned Queen Consort. Tina Brown, who wrote the Diana Chronicles in 2006 about the late Princess of Wales and was close friends with the royal, claims Harry might deepen his rift with the royal family by “going after” Camilla and Charles in his book. Speaking to the Telegraph Magazine ahead of the release of her new book, The Palace Papers, Ms Brown claims Harry never made his peace with Prince Charles and Camilla's relationship. As a result, she claims Harry could use the book to dish the dirt on his father and his second wife. Ms Brown said: “William was disgusted about Meghan’s attack on Kate because she can’t answer back. But that’s nothing compared to how furious he’s going to be when this book comes out. “Because Harry’s not going to go after the Queen, she’s sacrosanct. And he probably won’t go after Kate, whom he’s very fond of. But he will go after Charles and Camilla and maybe William. “And that’s so unhelpful to them all at this particular moment; for William that’s the big cloud in their relationship right now." READ MORE: Princess Anne's kindness praised by firefighter widow on royal tour Ms Brown has reported on the Royal Family throughout her career working as Tatler's editor-in-chief and Vanity Fair's editor. She claims Harry never warmed up to Camilla, who wed his father in 2005. In her upcoming book, the author has quoted an unnamed courtier who told her that when Harry was eventually talked into being in the same room as Camilla, he would remain silent and shoot her angry looks. She claims that Harry’s brother Prince William has grown to accept Charles and Camilla’s relationship, but that the Duke of Sussex is “very angry” that she will become Queen Consort when Charles ascends the throne. DON'T MISS Fears Queen will miss key summer engagements [REVEAL] Meghan Markle 'like Macron's wife Brigitte' as both 'touchy-feely'[ANALYSIS] 'I struggled myself as well' Iwan Thomas on advice from Prince Harry [REPORT] There had been intense speculation as to what title the Duchess of Cornwall would use when her husband becomes king. At the time of their wedding 17 years ago, Clarence House announced that Camilla would use the title “princess consort”. However, in February, the Queen, 95, made an unexpected announcement about Camilla's destiny once Prince Charles becomes king. The monarch used her Platinum Jubilee message to express her "sincere wish" that the Duchess of Cornwall takes on the title of Queen Consort when Charles is ruler. Responding to his mother’s statement granting the honour to Camilla, Prince Charles said: “We are deeply conscious of the honour represented by my mother’s wish. “As we have sought together to serve and support Her Majesty and the people of our communities, my darling wife has been my own steadfast support throughout. “The year of this unprecedented Platinum Jubilee brings an opportunity for us all to come together in celebrating the service of The Queen, by whose example we will continue to be led in the years to come.” Representatives for the Duke of Sussex were contacted for comment