The Earl and Countess of Wessex are currently touring the Caribbean as part of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The couple have already visited St Lucia and are now in St John’s in Antigua and Barbuda. Sophie Wessex and her husband Prince Edward arrived in St John’s this morning and, after seemingly resting and having a change of clothes, they are currently visiting the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium. This is the fourth day of their royal tour of the Caribbean, where they have already visited St Lucia and St Vincent and the Grenadines. For her second outing of the day, Sophie wore a blue dress covered in orange, pink, and pale blue flowers. On her feet she wore a very on-trend pair of grey espadrilles with white ribbons to tie around her ankles. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'totally absorbed' in painting with Team UK Invictus kid Sophie’s dress featured short and slightly billowed sleeves and was cinched at the waist with a loose belt. The dress’ skirt flowed a little and reached the Countess’ shins. She finished the look with a small straw-like bucket bag decorated with blue flowers. The flowers matched the blue of Sophie’s dress and also featured a silver handle.  As for jewellery, Sophie wore the same pieces as this morning. She donned her two gold Halcyon Days bangles, a silver chain bracelet, an-all white bracelet, and two necklaces. Her Halcyon Days bangles are gold plated and one is adorned with two pearls, while the other is decorated with two emeralds. The bangles are called the Maya Torque and look exactly the same but for the difference in stones. One of Sophie’s necklaces was silver featuring a leaf-shaped pendant, while the other was gold and had a pendant in the shape of an ‘S’. Sophie also wore dangling earrings with what looked like quartz stones hanging off the ends of gold studs. The Countess’ make-up look was minimal except for brown, coloured-in eyebrows, lashings of mascara, and a coral lip. But what stood out most about Sophie’s second outfit of the day was her espadrilles. A unique pair of shoes, Princess Diana was the first royal to be seen in espadrilles. The late Princess did not always follow the rules when it came to fashion, and she wore quirkier clothes than other female royals. One outfit that perfectly summed this up was a pair of yellow denim dungarees, which Diana wore over a printed yellow and orange blouse to a polo match with Prince Charles in 1981, weeks before the couple’s marriage. On her feet, she donned a pair of bright pink heeled espadrilles – not unlike the ones Sophie wore today. Since then, other royals, including Kate Middleton and Queen Letizia, have worn espadrilles too.