Manchester United would have a very different starting line-up if Wayne Rooney was in charge at Old Trafford. The Derby County boss appeared on Sky Sports Monday Night Football as a guest with Jamie Carragher and gave plenty of opinions. United legend Rooney did not hold back after being asked about the current set-up at his former club while his starting XI would be distinctly different if he had his way. Carragher certainly prodded the old striker into giving some fantastic insight into life at Old Trafford. While the Derby County boss is not in the frame to take over as manager at United, there had been some murmurs among fans that he could be a popular choice. But the iconic striker has revealed he would appoint Mauricio Pochettino this summer. Ralf Rangnick is set to step down when his interim role is up and the Paris Saint-Germain boss is competing with Ajax coach Erik ten Hag for the Red Devils job. There are set to be some major changes with the players, too, that the incoming manager must deal with. On Sky Sports MNF, Rooney was asked about the manager situation and he replied: "Pochettino's done it in the Premier League, he knows the Premier League. At Tottenham he brought a lot of young players through, at Southampton as well he brought a lot of young players through. So, if I'm choosing from one of them two, that's who I'd choose, I'd go for Pochettino and give him time." His wide-ranging talks turned to Paul Pogba, when he said: "It's got a point now where it's probably better for him to move on. I think if Paul is honest with himself, he hasn't had the impact he would have liked since he returned to Manchester United. And when asked who he'd build around, Rooney named Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford, Scott McTominay, Jesse Lingard and Harry Maguire, and would drop Cristiano Ronaldo, saying: “I think as we said they’ve got good young players. "I think Sancho will be better next year, Marcus will be better next year. They’ve got good young players. I think Jesse Lingard should be playing for them because he brings energy, brings quality. Scott McTominay’s done well. "So they do have some good young players, you just have to get some confidence and get them believing that they’re good players and perform at the best level. And then obviously, whoever the new manager is, I’m sure he’ll bring his own players in and build that through. “I like Harry [Maguire], I know Harry personally. He hasn’t been at his best form this season like a lot of players haven’t, and then you look at England, he goes to play for England and looks like a world-class centre-back. Again, a lot of it is confidence, the players need to win again, feel winning consistently, to get that confidence back. If they do that, I think Harry Maguire’s a big part in it. "I think if you’re looking to the future of the club, you have to go with younger, hungry players to do the best and lift Manchester United over these next two or three years. Obviously Cristiano is getting on a bit, he certainly isn’t the player he was when he was in his 20s, and that happens, that’s football. He’s a goal threat but the rest of the game they need more, they need young hungry players." Rooney's Utd XI: De Gea; Dalot, Varane, Maguire, Shaw; McTominay, Fred, Fernandes; Sancho, Lingard, Rashford.