The River Way, which runs through an industrial estate home to several businesses, was this morning covered in large smoke plumes that called for the attendance of emergency crews and forced the closure of the roundabout at the junction with A414 Edinburgh Way. Residents of the area have been urged to keep the doors and windows of their homes shut. It is not yet known whether any of the other businesses in the impacted area are affected by the blaze. Essex Fire Service said: "Crews are currently tackling a fire on River Way in Harlow. "There are six fire engines at the scene, so the road is partially blocked. "We're asking people to avoid the area and find another route where possible." It added in a statement an hour later: "We have increased our attendance to eight fire engines, and are joined by two from LFB (London Fire Brigade). "There are large smoke plumes over Harlow Town – if you live locally, please keep your doors and windows closed." Another two fire engines were sent for support shortly after. The River Way is now shut between A414 Edinburgh Way (Roman roundabout) and the Industrial Estate. As crews battle to contain the blaze, the fire service said in a statement: "Access to the building is extremely limited and crews from Essex and Hertfordshire are working hard in difficult conditions to tackle the fire as quickly as possible. "This is an ongoing incident and we anticipate disruption to traffic in the area for quite some time. "Where possible, please avoid the area. "There is a large plume of smoke over Harlow town and we are advising local residents to keep windows and doors closed." Dorottya Spanyik, whose husband had been working on a nightshift in the industrial unit when fire alarms sounded, told the PA news agency: "My husband works there, he was there when the fire started before 6am. "I'm not sure who alerted the fire brigade, because the whole night shift was still there when the fire alarms went off. "And they are still there, but luckily no personal injury."