The Repair Shop fans are still twiddling their thumbs as they wait for new episodes of the hit series to make a return to BBC One. The tear-jerking fan-favourite is now heading into its 10th series which is set to air next month. And teasing fans with what they can expect, Jay delivered a fresh update on how filming is going alongside the likes of Will Kirk, Suzie Fletcher and the rest of the hard-working cast. Jay had joined Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas on Wednesday’s The One Show to discuss all about his new Channel 5 documentary, Jay Blades: No Place Like Home. However, when Jermaine turned his attention to fans’ questions from home, there was only one thing on their minds: The Repair Shop. “Janice has said that she loves listening to Jay and Sara,” Jermaine read aloud, referring to fellow One Show guest and Dragons’ Den star, Sara Davies. “Loves you both,” Jermaine added as he continued: “(And) Sonia’s tweeted and said, ‘As a dyslexic myself, I was proud of Jay Blades, will there be more Repair Shop?’” READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry “More Repair Shops?” Jay asked before clarifying: “Definitely.” Delving into the details, he updated fans by adding: “We’re filming the new series. “And that comes out I believe on the 11th (of May)… I don’t know the actual date but it is coming out.” However, fans fearing filming may have stopped and there may only be a few episodes on the way needn’t worry as it sounds like there are still plenty more instalments to come. “We’ve filmed loads - and we’re still filming!” Jay triumphantly answered. “Brilliant,” Jermaine replied as Jay sat back with a smile on his face before The One Show stars bid farewell to viewers. Elsewhere in the chat, Jay opened up about his new Channel 5 documentary which will see him head back to his childhood home for the first time in decades. Alex introduced the interview by saying: “We’re staying a bit closer to home now, Jay’s home to be precise, as in his new series he’s taking a trip down memory lane to learn the history of the places where he grew up.” Jermaine then teed up a clip from the Channel 5 show which showed him return to his childhood home for the first time in 34 years. DON'T MISS:Carol Kirkwood slams 'desperate' BBC critic urging her not to smileJay Blades details how Kirsten Ramsay helps him on The Repair Shop setThe Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC In it, Jay reminisced about the hardships his mother must’ve faced at the time before admitting he only had fond memories of his childhood, recalling the “happy times”. Alex then asked: “It’s always very evocative, isn’t it, whenever you go back to where you grew up, I think for all of us. “So for you then, what sort of feelings and emotions did it stir?” she asked as Jay replied: “There were so many feelings and emotions. “It was almost as if the time I remember being in Hackney and Stoke Newington, it was really, really happy times. “And then to come back 30-something years later, it’s just like, ‘Wow, really? Have I grown up?’ “It’s almost as if a video was playing in front of me and I could see myself running around, playing on the street, playing football… “It was really just yeah, a beautiful feeling. A  surreal experience,” he added. The documentary will air on Channel 5 on Tuesday at 9pm while The Repair Shop will return to BBC One on May 11. The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.