The Queen's daughter will make military history by becoming the first woman to head the Royal Marines. Nephew Harry was stripped of the prestigious post after he married Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, and moved to the United States. The Princess Royal now holds the honorary title of Admiral in the Royal Navy. It is understood that her new job will be announced in August after official endorsement by the monarch. The Royal Family has undergone a number of changes over the last few years with Prince Harry and his uncle Prince Andrew seeing all their honorary military titles removed. Prince Charles has also assumed a leading role as the Queen, who celebrated her 96th birthday on Thursday, cuts back on public appearances.  A number of new military appointments are due to be announced by Buckingham Palace, including Princess Anne heading the marines and potentially at least two new Army roles. Regiments including the marines, Grenadier Guards, Irish Rangers and Yorkshire regiment have been left without an honorary head after Harry and Andrew were removed from their roles. Anne, 70, is known for undertaking a number of public engagements. She already heads 10 regiments, including Colonel in Chief of the King's Royal Hussars, the Royal Scots, The Gurkhas and the Royal Army Veterinary Corps.  READ MORE ABOUT A MADELEINE MCCANN BREAKTHROUGH  Princess Anne is also married to naval officer, Vice-Admiral Sir Tim Lawrence. As Captain-General of the Royal Marines, Anne will be expected to visit new recruits in training, attend events and join commandos in the field. It is understood that Prince William was in the running for the role, but royal aides limited his workload in light of the Queen handing over duties to Prince Charles. A senior Royal Marine source told the Daily Star that the Corps would be delighted if the Princess Royal becomes the next Captain-General.  DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Russian morale battered as renewed assault fails [LATEST] Putin filmed 'grimacing and biting his lip' in latest Kremlin footage [REVEALED] French election LIVE: Macron 'breaches rules' on polling day [REPORT]  He said: "Princess Anne has a long tradition of working with the Royal Navy and would be a perfect fit for the role. "Harry was only with us for a short time and we gave him his green beret, which concerned some people, and then he had to stand back from public life." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made their first public appearance together in Europe since quitting as senior working royals more than two years ago at the Invictus Games this month. Harry founded the Games to aid in the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics.  Speaking at the closing ceremony in The Hague in the Netherlands, the prince spoke of his pride in the competitors before him. He told the audience on Friday: "You have all summited your mountain. And I could not be prouder of every single one of you. "We, your friends and family, could not be prouder of who you are and what you represent, especially given what it's taken to get here. Mindset is everything." He added that from media interviews and conversations he had discovered that some of those taking part would have taken their own lives had it not been for the Games. Harry said: "You made the choice to be here, to stay with us, to grow with us, and I can't explain how much it means to me and how much all of you mean to us. So thank you."   The Duke announced the Games will take place in Vancouver and Whistler, Canada, in 2025. He said: "Ladies and gentlemen, Invictus is heading back to North America and this is a very, very good thing." In 2023, the Games are due to take place in Dusseldorf, Germany. 