Piers Morgan joined Ros Atkins on BBC Radio 4 on Wednesday to discuss his brand new TalkTV show Uncensored which launches on Monday, April 25. During the interview, Piers revealed his view on the sustainability of the TV licence fee after the broadcaster ended its free licence fee policy for over-75s. Piers Morgan joined Ros Atkins on BBC Radio 4 on Wednesday to discuss his brand new TalkTV show Uncensored which launches on Monday, April 25. During the interview, Piers revealed his view on the sustainability of the TV licence fee after the broadcaster ended its free licence fee policy for over-75s. Piers remarked: “I don’t think the licence fee is sustainable.” “Don’t you?” Ros questioned and Piers clarified: “No I don’t. “And I felt what you did with the over 75s was a total disgrace and I said that loudly and clearly on Good Morning Britain regularly and I really feel that was a betrayal of pensioners in this country.” “Look the BBC is facing an unprecedented threat,” he continued. Read more: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview “It’s not going to get it from me because I’m a huge supporter of the BBC I think it produces amazing programming.” Piers went on to praise the BBC’s coverage of the Ukraine-Russia conflict. “I recently watched Jeremy Bowen’s reports from Ukraine he’s a good friend of mine and it was astounding,” Piers said. “Clive Myrie, again astounding. There’s been some brilliant journalism of the BBC at its very best as there has been with CNN. “Some of my old colleagues risking their lives to bring amazing reports to people, that’s these great corporations at their best. “But can the BBC continue to charge people of my kids’ age, my three boys are in their 20s, [a licence fee]? “Are they going to pay a licence fee when they already make a personal choice about whether to pay a fee for Netflix or Amazon Prime or whatever it may be? “I don’t think that is sustainable and I think eventually the BBC is going to have to go down that road.” DON'T MISSPiers Morgan says Donald Trump ‘foamed at the mouth’ in angry showdown [INTERVIEW]Piers Morgan in fresh attack on ITV day before return [INSIGHT]Lorraine pokes fun at Piers Morgan ahead of ITV return [VIDEO] “What road would that be?” Ros questioned. “Some sort of subscription model where it’s a voluntary payment.” The TalkTV host replied: “Absolutely I think it’s inevitable.” TV licences for the over-75s were free from November 2000 until the end of July 2020. The BBC discontinued the full concession, but continued to offer free licences on a means-tested basis.  Meanwhile, Donald Trump has been announced as Piers’ first explosive interviewee for his new show. The former Good Morning Britain presenter confirmed the news by releasing a teaser clip from the sit-down chat. In the clip, it’s apparent the interview will become heated as Piers grills the former US President on losing to Joe Biden in the most recent election. As the pair clash, the former US President announces: “Let’s finish up the interview.” Trump then walks off while ordering: “Turn the camera off, very dishonest.” The Media Show airs on Radio 4 on Wednesdays at 4.30pm and is available to catch up on BBC Sounds. Piers Morgan Uncensored launches on TalkTV on Monday at 8pm.