The Queen’s granddaughter, 33, and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi are in the Scandinavian country to attend the World Dyslexia Assembly. The couple met with Sweden’s Prince Carl Philip and Princess Sofia and had the chance to discuss with them the struggles of growing up with the condition. The Swedish Royals are working to raise awareness for dyslexia through the Prince Carl Philips and Princess Sofia Foundation that they have established, which works to tackle dyslexia and online bullying. Both Princess Beatrice and her husband are dyslexic, while the Princess herself is an ambassador of the global charity Made by Dyslexia. She showed up at the event in an elegant £656 Zimmermann dress. Beatrice was joined at the launch by the British entrepreneur, Richard Branson, who is also dyslexic, as well as Carl and Sofia. Prince Carl Philip, who is dyslexic himself, said: "Through the Prince Couple's Foundation, Princess Sofia and I wish to do our part to contribute to an inclusive society; a society that enables each individual to reach their full potential. "Our wish is that the Assembly contributes to new conversations, new collaborations and new solutions that contribute to supporting every child and youth in being themselves." Princess Beatrice has been advocating for dyslexia awareness, by speaking out utilising her status within the British monarchy as well as by working with charities. She was diagnosed with dyslexia at the age of seven, and she has spoken publicly about how having learning difficulties growing up affected her. Reflecting on her childhood, she had previously stated: "I remember one of my earliest memories was sitting in front of a Beatrix Potter book and the illustrations were so beautiful but the words meant nothing. "I was put into specialist classes and I remember the teacher looking at me and saying, ‘Why do you keep looking at me, the words are not written on my face.’" But then went on to say that her dyslexia worked as an advantage for her, explaining that dyslexic individuals can really "excel" after leaving the education environment. She said: "When you go into a workplace your ability to think differently allows you to be more creative, it allows you to approach problems slightly differently and allows you to be a little bit more flexible.