Lorraine Kelly, 62, has ridiculed her former ITV colleague and close friend Piers Morgan, 57, over his campaign trail for his latest venture, a one-man show, on Sky channel, TalkTV. The Glasgow-born presenter made fun of the former GMB host’s persistent advertisements for his “uncensored show”, which he promised will upset “whiny snowflakes” On Twitter, Piers shared the latest promotional video for his show, while adding a “trigger warning”. He typed: “This new TV ad for ⁦@PiersUncensored⁩ will upset all whiny woke over-sensitive snowflakes….” In response, Lorraine quipped: “Does your show start tonight @piersmorgan?? “Well you kept that quiet,” she teased. READ MORE:Gogglebox star Lee Riley sent heartfelt message online by partner Lorraine went on to wish him the best of luck with his new ambitious endeavour. She continued: “Good luck to you and your team x.” In the comments section, many shared their anticipation for Piers’ latest show and pondered if he would “storm off” this time. @margybargy1 said: “GMB not the same without Piers!” While @@Rescuerkw replied: “Just watched the show. It's OK, Piers was good as expected, but they do seem to have copied quite a bit of the GB News format.” @bertmonkeyuk questioned: “Did he mention Meghan?” Last week, Piers jokingly stormed off the set of Lorraine after making his return to ITV a year after his Good Morning Britain departure. The 57-year-old TV presenter made headlines last March when he quit the daytime show following an on-air clash with weatherman Alex Beresford over the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s interview with Oprah Winfrey. DONT MISS:Piers Morgan blasts Sharon Osbourne’s exit from The Talk (PHOTOS)Jodie Comer 'escorted out of theatre over security fears' (NEWS)'All becoming too much' Simon Cowell 'terrified' over 'work addiction' (LATEST)  He arrived to the sound of Eminem's song Without Me, which features the phrase “guess who’s back”, before sitting down for a 15-minute interview. Speaking to Lorraine, Piers addressed his forthcoming special with former US President Donald Trump, his Twitter spat with Caitlyn Jenner and the issue of transgender athletes competing professionally. A promotional video released last Wednesday for his TalkTV interview showed Piers and Mr Trump clashing over the latter’s claim the last US election was rigged and appeared to show the Republican Party politician storming off camera. Overnight, Mr Trump released a statement claiming Morgan “attempted to unlawfully and deceptively edit his long and tedious interview with me”. Responding, Morgan told Kelly: “He says it was a rigged election and he now says I have a rigged promo. All I would say is watch the interview – it will all be there. “We won’t be doing any duplicitous editing. The president, I am afraid, got very heated with me because he thinks that he should have won the last election. “He has taken it very badly that he didn’t and he has concocted a story with no evidence so far that it was all fraudulent, that the voting system was fraudulent and that he somehow had it stolen. “I said to him, ‘I don’t believe that, I think you lost,’ and he didn’t like that so we had a very animated and heated discussion about it, which I think people will find fascinating.”