Emergency services were called to the scene of the popular shopping district at around 1pm on Monday afternoon, and have since closed down several roads in the central London area and evacuated around 400 residents. The Metropolitan Police has cordoned off Poland Street, Berwick Street, Oxford Street, Noel Street, Wardour Street and Great Marlborough Street. The force tweeted: "Please can we make you aware of a Gas leak that has been identified at Poland St W1F. LFB and Police are in attendance. "Nearby Buildings are currently being evacuated, road closures and cordons have been put in place as a safety precaution." As many as 400 residents are said to have been evacuated from buildings in the surrounding areas as a precaution. A video posted on social media shows that there were 12 if not more firefighters on Poland Street. A spokesperson for the force said: "Police are assisting following a gas leak. Officers were called at 13:05hrs on Monday, 4 April in the Poland Street area, in Westminster to a report of a gas leak. "Officers, London Ambulance Service and London Fire Brigade have attended the scene. We are not aware of reports of any injuries. "Local road closures are in place and some buildings have been evacuated while emergency services deal."  READ MORE: Naga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress  A large emergency service presence remains on the scene but they so far haven't announced that there have been any injuries. One witness shared a video online describing that the emergency services had evacuated "all the restaurants shops and offices around the immediate area." They added: "There is lots of incident response NHS ambulances on the scene as well as police that are keeping the area closed off and the general public Safe." DON'T MISS:60 firefighters rush to douse building fire [BREAKING]We must challenge destruction of British heritage, says ESTHER KRAKUE [INSIGHT]Man killed as blast rips through house - residents evacuated [COMMENT]  A spokesperson from London Fire Brigade said: "Firefighters were called to reports of a gas leak at the junction of Poland Street and Noel Street in Soho this afternoon. "A gas main at ground floor level had ruptured. Crews worked with gas engineers and the supply was isolated". Fire engines from Brixton and Kensington stations attended the incident. London Fire Brigade confirmed the gas main has now been made safe, but "crews remain on scene standing by while gas levels reduce". Westminster Police announced that Berwick Street, Oxford Street and Noel Street reopened at around 3:50pm, with Poland Street remaining closed while engineers work on the gas leak.  