NCIS revolves around a fictional team of special agents from the Naval Criminal Investigative Service and has been running for 19 seasons. The police procedural first debuted in September 2003 with several spin-off series including NCIS: Los Angeles, NCIS: New Orleans and most recently, NCIS Hawaii. Seasons one to 19 of the original series are available to stream on Disney Plus. It doesn’t matter if you’re a die-hard fan of NCIS or a newcomer - you can now easily catch up on the 431 episodes in the UK. Streaming service Disney Plus announced this week seasons 1-19 can be viewed on Star if you have a subscription. A subscription is £7.99 a month or £79.90 a year, which is a saving of 15 percent compared to paying on a monthly basis. You can sign up to the streaming service here. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage Sadly there is no longer a free trial for the streaming service. Can I watch the NCIS spin-offs on Disney Plus? Sadly you can only watch the original NCIS series with NCIS: LA being broadcast on Sky. A release date for NCIS: Hawaii in the UK is yet to be confirmed while NCIS: New Orleans ended in 2021. There have been several major characters in NCIS over the years but focus is mostly on Special Agent Leroy Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon), Forensic Specialist Abby Sciuto (Pauley Perrette) and Dr Donald ‘Ducky’ Mallard (David McCallum). Senior Field Agent Timothy McGee (Sean Murray), Special Agent Ziva David (Cote De Pablo) and Senior Field Agent Anthony DiNozzo (Michael Weatherly) also have prominent roles. Other stars in the show over the past 19 years include Sasha Alexander as Special Agent Caitlin Todd, Lauren Holly as Director Jenny Shepard, Rocky Carroll as Director Leon Vance, Brian Dietzen as Dr. Jimmy Palmer, and Emily Wickersham as Special Agent Elli Bishop. DON'T MISS...NCIS’ Jimmy Palmer star drops teaser for Ducky’s return [LATEST]NCIS LA's LL Cool J sparks co-star frenzy as he announces career move  [UPDATE]NCIS’ Katrina Law teases ‘huge surprise ending’ for Agent Knight [INSIGHT] Over the years many actors have come and gone from the series but some changes have been afoot in the most recent series. Gary Cole joined as Supervisory Special Agent Alden Parker in season 19 as Gibbs decided to leave the service. Katrina Law has also become a series regular as Special Agent Jessica Knight after guest-starring in the 18th run. Agent Torres star Wilmer Valderrama and Law both appeared in a crossover with NCIS Hawaii for the 18th episode of the first series. How to watch all 19 seasons of NCIS internationally NCIS is available to watch in the US on CBS and is regularly repeated. Disney Plus is available in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Mauritius, Monaco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland. However it is not known if NCIS is available on Disney Plus in these territories. This article contains affiliate links, we may receive a commission on any sales we generate from it. Learn more