The chair of the Defence Select Committee told Western leaders to stop being "spooked" by Vladimir Putin, as the Russian President has threatened retaliation for any action he feels is a threat from Western nations. Peace talks are ongoing but the civilian massacre of Bucha in Ukraine has caused outright condemnation for alleged war crimes committed by Russian troops. Tobias Ellwood then went on to explain how important it was for NATO to get involved and control the port of Odesa, so exports can continue.  Mr Ellwood said: "The scenes we've seen from Bucha are the most barbaric yet. "Yet we still leave Ukrainians to do the heavy lifting, we remain spooked by Putin's rhetoric. "Worried that thinks my escalate, if he wants to escalate he will do so regardless, he doesn't need an excuse from here. "And I make it clear, the next challenge will be the port of Odesa where a million people lived before the war.  JUST IN: Sturgeon to face fresh challenge from ferry fiasco amid Derek Mackay inquiry, expert warns     Mr Ellwood added: "This is a critical lifeline to the rest of the world. "And I really do ask the international community, particularly Britain, we can stop this from happening. "We can stop another Mariupol, but we need a NATO maritime force, to protect the Odesa port. "It's well connected to international waters, this can happen, and if we do so it will ensure that Ukraine's vital grain exports can continue to flow." READ MORE: Airlines turn on Government amid Easter travel chaos - ‘We warned ministers’     Ukrainian MP Kira Rudik has demanded that Russian forces be held accountable for the atrocities of Bucha in Ukraine, where civilian bodies were found dead for weeks, and executed at close range. Speaking to Times Radio, Ms Rudik said: "I've been to Bucha yesterday. And what I have seen there, I will never be able to forget. "So the dead bodies are on the sides of the road. Their hands are tied behind their backs. And their shot was a single wound in the back of their head. "There are burned bodies of women who were raped and then burned, and they too at least 15 children with them as human shields, hoping that the Ukrainian army will not be able to follow them. DON’T MISS: Russian nationalists reach 'new level of extreme' – Putin supporters 'baying for genocide'Nigel Farage suggests England should boycott ‘corrupt’ Qatar World Cup over human rightsUrgent warning to check CCTV footage after 'appalling' arson attacks on cars Ukrainian MP Andrii Osadchuck has also called on Western Governments to stop ignoring the massacre and atrocities committed in Ukraine and to tackle them. He said: “The things that are happening in Ukraine, you have only seen in Hollywood movies about the Second World War.  “But now things which had already happened in Ukraine next to Kyiv, you probably have seen only in most dramatic horror movies. – not most of the people like to watch movies like that." Defence Secretary of Justice Dominic Raab confirmed earlier last month that he would help to prosecute alleged war crimes committed by Russia.  