Fresh hopes the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be able to travel across the pond with Lilibet "Lili" Diana and Archie Harrison in two-month time were raised after Prince Harry was reportedly pleased with the way his security and the Met Police liaised during his recent trip to the UK with Meghan. The Duke and Duchess stopped over at Windsor Castle to see the Queen last week, while on their way to The Hague to attend the Invictus Games. They brought along their private bodyguards from the US, it has been reported. However, they stayed on the sovereign's estate in Berkshire and received a Special Escort Group (SEG) detail when travelling outside of it. The SEG is a department within the Royalty and Specialist Protection (RASP) of the Met Police and it provides mobile armed protection to members of the Royal Family and Government ministers as well as high-risk prisoners and high-value loads. This model has been described as "hybrid", as it includes both security personally paid for by the Sussexes and the use of a taxpayer-funded police unit, and could provide the solution to the security concerns expressed by the Duke of Sussex and allow him and his family to take part in Jubilee celebrations during the long bank holiday weekend in June. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here A source told the Daily Mail: "Harry was fairly pleased with the way the operation worked [when he and Meghan came to Windsor] and the liaison between his security team and the Met. "He believes it means a workable solution can be found, allowing him to come over with his children as early as the Platinum Jubilee." The source also said to believe the Duke would row back from his legal action against the Home Office. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives of the Sussexes for comment. READ MORE: Ferrari left speechless after Meghan's half-sister raises absurd claim Prince Harry is seeking judicial against a decision made by the Home Office not to let him pay for police protection when he and his family are in Britain. In January, a representative of the Duke issued a statement explaining the security the royal pays for in the US can't "replicate the necessary police protection needed whilst in the UK". The statement also read: "The UK will always be Prince Harry’s home and a country he wants his wife and children to be safe in. "With the lack of police protection, comes too great a personal risk. "Prince Harry hopes that his petition – after close to two years of pleas for security in the UK – will resolve this situation." Prince Harry touched upon his security concerns also in an interview he gave to NBC's Today. Asked by host Hoda Kotb earlier this week, while he was attending the Invictus Games at The Hague, whether he would return to the UK for the Jubilee celebrations, Harry said: "I don't know yet. "There's lots of things with security issues and everything else. "So, this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that I can get my kids to meet her [the Queen]." Prince Harry and Meghan lost their taxpayer-funded police protection at the end of March 2020, when they officially stepped down as working members of the Firm. During the Invictus Games, Meghan and Harry were spotted near Christopher Sanchez, a security expert who worked as a US Secret Service special agent between 1999 and 2013. During this period, Mr Sanchez spent a total of five years protecting US presidents, having worked for George W. Bush first and then Barack Obama. Earlier this week, it was reported the sovereign has invited Meghan and Harry to step on the iconic Buckingham Palace balcony during the June bank holiday weekend. The Duke and Duchess, if they returned to the UK, would be able to attend family events such as the service of thanksgiving. However, given they are no longer working royals, they could not play an active part in the celebrations.