While two lucky Britons win NS&I’s £1million jackpot prize draw every month, many others could be sitting on thousands. Since the NS&I Premium Bonds were launched in the 1950s - a staggering £74million is still unclaimed. Government backed NS&I Premium Bonds have been popular savings accounts since they were first introduced in the 1950s. One of the main reasons is that Britons can win prizes between £25 and £1million in tax free cash every month. Anyone who has ever bought Premium Bonds should check old bond numbers to see if they have won. They could be owed anything from £25 up to £100,000. READ MORE: When will I get my £150 Council Tax rebate? Don't miss out Winners are usually notified when they’ve bagged a cash prize, but it can be impossible to track them down if they move and don’t update their details. Unclaimed money is kept indefinitely so it’s never too late to see if an old bond number is a winner. The easiest way to check is on the NS&I website, but people can also ask Alexa or download the NS&I app. Meanwhile, some people think that parts of the UK are luckier than others. DON'T MISS:Is it cheaper to heat one room with an electric heater? [ANLAYSIS]Housing Benefit rule stopping Britons from receiving full entitlement [UPDATE]Pension tax warning: Savers hit with 55% charge on their pension pots [WARNING] The theory appears to have some truth in it as six people from the South West won the £1million jackpot last year. In 2021, the South West scooped 25 percent of the £1million jackpots despite the fact that they owned just 12.9 percent to start with. However, NS&I has confirmed that all bonds have an equal chance of winning no matter where they are bought. This month, the first winner came from Hereford and Worcester with a winning bond valued at £5,000 which was purchased in October 2006. The second millionaire came from West Sussex with a winning bond number valued at £2,000 which was bought in July 2006. In April, there were 210 prize winners who won prizes between £1million and £5,000. Six people from different parts of the UK are £100,000 richer while 11 people are £50,000 better off. Bond holders can invest as little as £25 and as much as £50,000. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Britons with £5,000 or more invested in premium bonds are more likely to win, according to financial journalist Martin Lewis. He wrote on MoneySavingExpert.com: “The more bonds you have, the closer you get to the prize fund rate, and this is where the scales start to tip in Premium Bonds' favour.” This is because like any prize draw, the more someone buys, the higher their chances of winning. The results of the next draw will be revealed on May 4.