The menopause typically occurs between the ages of 45 and 55 as women’s oestrogen levels decline. Common early symptoms include hot flushes, night sweats, low mood, and a reduced sex drive. Various eye changes may occur during times of fluctuating hormone levels. Around the time of menopause, a woman's eyesight may be slightly altered. Regular eye check-ups are vital in finding eye disease early, when problems are often easier to treat. With any serious eye condition, consulting an ophthalmologist is highly recommended. The prevalence of cataracts (clouding of the lens of the eye) is higher in postmenopausal women than in men of the same age, according to The North American Menopause Society. The site reads: “Luckily, studies have not found significant associations between hormone therapy, age at first period, age at menopause, or years of contraceptive use and cataracts. “Symptoms develop slowly and painlessly and often begin after age 60. “Visual problems include glare sensitivity, cloudy vision, difficulty seeing at night, double vision, and loss of colour intensity.” Glaucoma is a group of eye conditions that lead to damage to the optic nerve, usually from increased pressure in the eye. The North American Menopause Society pointed out that this isn’t directly linked to menopause, but is “another ocular condition for which age is an independent risk factor, regardless of sex.” The advice says: “Glaucoma can permanently damage vision and lead to blindness if untreated. Dry eyes are a really common problem among menopausal women. The North American Menopause Society explained: “After menopause, some women report chronically dry and scratchy eyes, often along with light sensitivity, blurred vision, increased tearing, or swollen or reddened eyelids—a condition called “chronic dry eye syndrome.” “This condition can occur in climates with dry air, as well as from certain diseases (such as Sjögren’s syndrome, an autoimmune disease that affects the glands that produce your tears and saliva) and with the use of some drugs (such as allergy medications and antidepressants).” Other common eye symptoms found in women going through menopause include: