The Met Office says the UK could see highs of 21C over the Easter bank holiday as a "Saharan" blast of hot air moves in, bringing summer-like temperatures to the country. According to the Met Office, as the week goes on, something of a northwest/southeast split will develop, but there is some uncertainty over where the divide will settle at present.  Showers will be more likely in the north and west, where temperatures will be around average for the time of year. The department stated: “More settled conditions will prevail in the south east, where temperatures could feel really quite warm for spring, pushing into the low 20s C, although even here there may be the odd shower and persistent low cloud in coastal areas will keep them cooler.” Dan Rudman, Deputy Chief Meteorologist, said: “It’s bit of a mixed picture as far as weather is concerned over the long Easter weekend, although feeling warm in places, at least early in the weekend. “A low pressure system to the north west of the UK will bring unsettled weather to the north with some strong winds likely and rain in the north west, which could impact driving conditions for some.  “However, further south it will be drier, especially in the southeast, although there will be varying amounts of cloud. “Temperature are likely to be above average for the time of year, although low cloud might keep temperatures lower in coastal areas.” It comes after the sunniest March for nearly 100 years, according to provisional Met Office statistics. A large area of high pressure over the UK brought an average 166.1 hours of sunshine, the most since 1929.  READ MORE: Big Power Switch Off: When will UK blackout take place? Northern Ireland was especially fine, recording 192.5 hours, 90 percent more sunshine than its long-term average. The clear skies kept a lid on temperatures though, with the UK mean average at 6.7C - just 1C above normal. BBC meteorologist Louise Lear said the Saharan air will be “pushing its way steadily north with the exception perhaps of the Northern Isles”.  DON'T MISS:Fighting in Ukraine to ‘intensify’ over next weeks Boris Johnson praised for ‘amazing PR team’ amid partygate fineRussian trawlers have access to £16m of fish in British waters 