It's as if they suffered from a missing financial gene. Think about it: if someone you didn't know and who wasn't even invited suddenly handed over £750,000 for your wedding, you'd at least feel baffled, wouldn't you? Or suppose you had been trying to sell your house for five years, and got an offer of three million pounds over the asking price from a chap in Kazakhstan: a country where one in five families live below the poverty line. You might at least wonder whether you deserved it. But if, meanwhile, another friend had airily paid off your wife's £5,000 debts, and yet another handed over £40,000, I suppose it's just possible that you'd hazily assume that was the way money usually works. Even earnings need to feel reasonable: if like the Duchess you accepted £225,000 to be a "brand ambassador" for a Las Vegas eco power company, you'd surely feel that you should constantly get up in public and speak warmly of solar panels. You'd want to be good value. Not someone with a begging bowl. Most people like to know what they earn, what was free, and why. Big money for nothing smells odd. Normal people exchange gifts rather than just sucking them in. They share petrol and split bills. Free money just makes normal people feel patronised, insulted: if you're a cleaner and your employer hands you an extra tenner because you're known to be broke, you'd prefer it if she gave a reason, perhaps apologising that the place was messy after the weekend. "I don't want charity!" is a traditional British cry. Even being on well-deserved welfare bothers a lot of people. But the Duke of York's family seem never to have had this cautious, ordinary human problem while taking huge payments from affluent foreigners. It may all be perfectly legal and there is no suggestion of wrongdoing on the part of Andrew, Sarah or their daughters but it does feel odd. Raised by a father of Presbyterian Scottish stock, I get fretful even if a newspaper accidentally pays me twice. It makes me either feel a bit criminal, or as if I've been bought. But the Yorks? It seems like water off a duck's back. --------------- There's a new kind of feelgood movie with an old Ealing feel to it. You take a grey-haired northern backstreet bloke with a long-suffering wife, set him up against some horrible southern toffs, and watch him win. I adored The Duke, starring Jim Broadbent, below, about Kempton Bunton who was tried for "kidnapping" the Duke of Wellington's portrait in his campaign for free TV licences for pensioners. He charmed the court and only served three months for the frame. Two days later came The Phantom Of The Open, with Mark Rylance hilarious but dignified as the hopeless novice golfer who conned his way into the stuffiest tournament. More of this please: maybe with some defiant old women instead. The Queen, who deserves a bit of cheering up these days, has said she is delighted and "deeply touched" by the Green Canopy initiative, the planting of a million trees to mark her Jubilee. She hopes they will "flourish and grow for many years to come". Always has the right instincts, our HMQ: trees stand for shade and beauty, health and strength. Their long lives remind us that ours are short so we must leave good things for future generations. Plant a new tree and hug an old one, and everything feels better. --------------- I hope Jada Pinkett Smith, left, suffering from alopecia but elegant, with a noble bearing, does not suffer vicious extreme hair-envy the way that I do. I have done so for the last two years of very slow and thin re-growth following chemo. I sit in theatres or cinemas before the start with narrowed eyes, looking bitterly at the acres of shining thatch in front of me . "What've you people done to deserve hair?" I mutter. I resent even the greyest perm. And now the cold snap makes me even grumpier, because I have had to resort to a striped nightcap, like Scrooge. Bah, humbug! It is too easy to be maddened by slow people. When someone is in front of you at the checkout and reaches the total and then - only then! - starts rummaging vaguely for their purse, you seethe. When you're in a work-hurry at the station and the gate is blocked by a travel-amateur who apparently doesn't understand how to tap or swipe, you have to take a firm grip to avoid loud rude sighs and muttering "come on!". When someone forgets half their party's drink order at the pub, then turns back enquiring about whether it's a pint or a half for Robin, and then embarks on yet another search for their card or cash, it is hard to wait in patience. But I am trying to learn. Because I have an uneasy feeling that one day, that'll be me. And that I won't want to stop going out. I apologise to everyone I annoy in the future. ---------------