Unpaid carers in Wales are due to receive a £500 bonus for their services during the pandemic. However, the Welsh Government has warned carers should not give their bank details over the phone as scam reports flood in.   The Welsh Government announced in late March than unpaid carers in receipt of Carer’s Allowance by March 31 will receive a bonus. Carers will receive £500 each as a £29million investment in unpaid carers from the Welsh Government, in recognition of the hardships they endured due to their responsibilities during the pandemic. It is hoped that the scheme will give much-needed relief for struggling households during the cost of living crisis. An estimated 57,000 unpaid carers will benefit from the one-off payment but disturbingly this has been seen by some as an opportunity to defraud them. READ MORE: ‘Very good deal!’ State pensioners could boost sum using National Insurance option  The Welsh Government issued a warning on Twitter saying: “We’re aware of scammers asking people to share their bank details to receive our £500 payment for unpaid carers. “The payment can only be claimed by registering with your council - which will open in May. “Please never share your bank details.” The fraudsters are believed to be posing as Welsh Government workers, claiming they need carers’ account numbers and sort codes or else they will not be able to receive the bonus.  This is not true, as carers will be able to submit their claim for the £500 to their local authorities, with more details on this expected to be published by the Welsh Government shortly. Unpaid carers who believe they have been scammed are advised to alert their bank and other financial providers they use such as investment or savings providers as soon as possible. Citizens Advice shared that scam victims should keep a record of what happened and note the method of communication they used. They noted victims who believe their passwords could have been stolen should change it as soon as possible, using a strong password and potentially adding extra layers of security such as using two-factor authentication.  To be eligible for the £500 payment, unpaid carers must have been claiming Carer’s Allowance on March 31 this year. Julie Morgan, the deputy minister for social services, shared why this scheme had been created. She said: “Unpaid carers have played a pivotal role throughout the pandemic and we recognise the financial and emotional hardships they have experienced. “I hope this £500 payment will go some way to supporting them during these difficult times. "We are immensely proud of our unpaid carers in Wales, many of whom struggle to make time for themselves because of their caring role, and hope this £29million investment in people shows how much we value and appreciate what they do.  “We understand not all unpaid carers will be eligible for this payment, as many are not in receipt of a Carer’s Allowance, and we will continue supporting carers of all ages in every way we can.” Carer’s Allowance currently provides £67.60 weekly payments for unpaid carers that meet the criteria. This amount is due to rise alongside a range of other DWP benefits and payments by 3.1 percent. The new rate of £69.70 for Carer’s Allowance will be implemented on April 11.