The Gentleman Jack actor joined presenter Alan Titchmarsh on his Sunday afternoon talk show last Sunday. The actor discussed his successful career, touched on his wife Prunella Scales' health and revealed how proud he was of his son Samuel West. Samuel plays Siegfried Farnon in the much loved and widely popular Channel 5 series All Creatures Great and Small. Samuel West appeared on Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh a few weeks ago and surprised the presenter with his keen love for bird watching. Wondering whether the hobby ran in the family, Alan asked Timothy: "You have been influenced by Sam, your son. Sam was on a few weeks ago with the birding." Timothy laughed and replied: "Oh yeah, I mean, I have never known anything about it, but he is very good and he teaches me. "He goes out very early in the morning and takes [his wife] Laura to listen to some birds, and sometimes the birds haven't appeared, won't appear, but it's a nice morning." READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames A "Does he ask dad's opinion about anything or?" Alan continued. Timothy responded with a sly smile: "No, not much, he used to ask about the theatre, but that is it, he doesn't need it." Praising his career, Alan said: "An accomplished actor, right?" to which Timothy agreed and said: "Yes, yes, very proud because he is very good." Timothy also touched on how his wife, Prunella Scales, was doing after she was diagnosed with Alzheimer's in 2014. The pair married in 1963 and have enjoyed building their careers in the acting industry together whilst raising Samuel. After speaking about his appearances in Gentleman Jack, Alan asked: "I've got to ask, how's Pru?" He softly replied: "She's alright, yes, she has a bit of a serious memory problem, it's meant we don't have the same kind of conversations that we used to have, which is sad for us both. "But she enjoys life, she gets about, we go to the theatre, we go to meet friends, and I'm very lucky, really. Very lucky." DON'T MISS...Timothy West opens up on wife Prunella's memory battle 'It's sad' [INSIGHT]Timothy West: I'm the grumpy one, not my wife [LATEST]Prunella Scales health: The star's lengthy dementia battle [WATCH]  When Samuel was on the show, he too touched on his mother's battle and revealed: "I remember quoting bits of Sybil to her, and she would laugh and say, ‘That’s funny who said that?’ And I say, ‘You did!’ "Verbatim recall of a character's speeches, I suppose, is the holy grail for any actor. I never achieved it, but she certainly has. “That’s quite a thing, I think, if you are part of something that has that longevity and still plays so well!” Prunella was best known for her role as Sybil on the iconic comedy show Fawlty Towers, where she made a household name for herself. Timothy and Prunella had a successful series, Great Canal Journeys, and saw the pair on their adventures together. However, they quit the show in early 2020 after appearing in over 30 episodes due to Prunella's declining health. Since their departure, Pru and Tim were replaced on Great Canal Journeys by Sheila Gyles and Gyles Brandreth, who presented a couple of episodes before series 12. Alan Titchmarsh airs Sunday from 10am on ITV.