According to the most recent DVSA data, over seven million cars fail their MOT each year. With this in mind, the motoring experts at National Tyres and Autocare have warned drivers that their cars can fail MOTs because of a simple accessory. Michael Bourne, Group Marketing Director at National Tyres and Autocare, said: “Something as simple as a rear-view mirror car accessory can lead to your car failing its MOT due to failure of visibility. “An MOT is one of the most important checks you need to remember when owning a car, alongside a regular service. "Driving without a valid MOT means you will be breaking the law. “If you are caught driving without an MOT it can lead to a £1,000 fine. READ MORE: Sales of new diesel cars plummet 90 percent “If your vehicle is considered to be dangerous you can be fined £2,500, even if your MOT is still valid. “On top of this, you can get three points on your license and if you have been convicted of driving a vehicle in a dangerous condition within the past three years, you could be disqualified from driving for at least six months.” The experts also revealed several vital pre-MOT checks that drivers should carry out. These include: DON'T MISS Land Rover becomes the most loved automotive brand in the UK [REVEAL] Drivers risk £5,000 fine when travelling with a dog [WARNING] New Toyota GR86 sells out in 90 minutes – affordable sports car [INSIGHT] Lighting and signalling: DVSA statistics from July to September 2019 show that 14 percent of all Class three and four-car MOT failures were due to lighting issues, such as a blown bulb, inoperative number plate light, or a faulty indicator. A car can also fail if its headlights are misted, misaligned, or cracked. When conducting the pre-MOT check, drivers should take a good look around their car and ask a friend or family member to confirm all the lights are functioning – headlights, indicators, number plate lights, sidelights, fog lights, and brake lights. Fluids: An MOT test will cover fluids like screen wash, so drivers should make sure that they top it up. A car will need sufficient oil in its engine to pass the exhaust emissions test too. The tester will also need to conduct emissions tests, so vehicles must have enough fuel in the tank as well. Steering and suspension: The same DVSA statistics show that 18 percent of cars failed due to suspension issues like a leaking shock absorber or snapped coil spring. It is not easy to spot these while parked, so while driving, drivers should listen out for any unusual noises or peculiar driving characteristics when cornering or braking.  Body, chassis, and structure: DVSA data shows that seven percent of all MOT defects were related to body, chassis, and structure in 2019-2020. If a car has corrosion or rust within 12cm of a structurally important area, it can fail the test. And if any sharp edges could cause injury, these could also fail. To check for these, motorists should give the exterior surfaces of their vehicle and the engine bay a thorough inspection.  Brakes: The 2018-2019 data shows that 14 percent of car MOT failures are due to brake defects picked up in the MOT brake efficiency test. Most often, this is caused by worn brake pads and or worn, pitted, or warped brake discs. Additionally, during the MOT test checklist session, drivers should try listening out for any grinding sounds when driving. Motorists were also urged to check their handbrakes.  Tyres: Some 12 percent of fails are due to tyre issues and these are perhaps the easiest components to check. The law requires 1.6mm of tread depth across the entire central three-quarters of the tyre. Drivers can check this with a 20p coin. Motorists can insert the coin into the tread groove of each tyre. If the outside band of the 20p coin is visible, then the tread is less than 1.6mm.  Number plates: Since 2018, number plates have been included in the MOT test, which is why they are a key part of any MOT checklist. This is covered under the identification of the vehicle section of the MOT and accounted for one percent of all MOT failures. According to the British Number Plate Manufacturers Association, number plates must be visible, free from damage, and completely laminated. They cannot have any background overprinting or any fixings or features that obscure their legal view.