Victoria Beckham, 48, has been living the life of luxury recently as she watched her son Brooklyn Beckham, 23, get married last weekend. New celebrations began this week as she celebrated her birthday on the Easter bank holiday weekend. The former Spice Girl took to Instagram to share the picture from her ninth birthday party. She can be seen smiling in a pink ruffled blouse while holding a birthday cake reading: "Happy Birthday Victoria." Her signature short locks were missing as a young Victoria had luscious long brown locks with a full fringe. She captioned the post in view of her 29.8 million followers: "Feels like yesterday! My 9th birthday party. READ MORE: 'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands "Happy Birthday to me. love you @jackie.adams_." Friends and social media users alike rushed to the comments to wish the fashion designer a happy birthday. Emma Bunton said: "Happy birthday love you lots. X." Fan "Babbichisholm" added: "Happy birthday queen!! All the best wishes, blessed one in the Easter Sunday." Friend Melanie Grant wrote: "Happy Birthday VB! Wishing you the best year yet xxx." Victoria took to Instagram yesterday to share a cute Easter snap of her daughter Harper and their pet rabbit, Coco the bunny. Harper was a bridesmaid at her brother Brooklyn's wedding last weekend and looked adorable in the Easter snap. Victoria captioned the photo: "Happy Easter weekend!! Kisses from #HarperSeven & Coco the bunny." DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden flaunts long legs as she lounges in bikini for Easter [PICS] Julia Bradbury shares insight to her biggest 'support' [COMMENT] A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman reflects on bad weather [INSTAGRAM] The image appears to have been taken at the family's mansion in the Cotswolds. Brooklyn and his new wife Nicola were married in an early evening ceremony on Nicola's father's estate in Miami, Florida. They have been dating since 2019 and became engaged in July 2020. Guests included tennis legend Serena Williams, TV chef Gordon Ramsay and Desperate Housewives star Eva Longoria. For the wedding, Victoria looked every bit the picture of elegance as she slipped into a metallic satin dress. British Vogue reports the dress was created in the star's fashion brand's London atelier and was the first couture gown created by the brand. Victoria also revealed the detail on the gown was created by intertwining three laces. Her husband, David Beckham, meanwhile went suited and booted wearing a black suit, white shirt and a bow tie.