Ben (played by Max Bowden) has always been conflicted about how to defend himself, with his dad, Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden), encouraging him to use violence, which landed him a stint in prison when he was a child. The EastEnders favourite has found happiness with Callum (Tony Clay), but he can't shake the fear of being attacked ever since his former boyfriend was killed in a hate crime. In upcoming episodes of the BBC soap, Ben retaliates to verbal abuse by attacking the perpetrator - but lashing out in a trauma-fuelled rage, could he kill him?  In future instalments, Ben struggles to hide his concerns when Callum reveals his work wants him to be the face of a new campaign aimed at the LGBT+ community. When Kathy Beale's (Gillian Taylforth) new bar manager, Lewis, supports the idea, Ben gives Callum his blessing. However, Callum soon picks up on Ben’s unease about the campaign, recalling his struggle last year. Later on, Ben is shaken by a loud noise at the club, still struggling following the memories of the attack. Ben later decides to take matters into his own hands and meddles with Callum’s campaign offer, telling them he doesn’t want to take part. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show His husband finds out and is furious about what Ben has done behind his back. As tensions build between the couple, Ben admits he’s terrified Callum will be attacked again. Outside, Lewis invites Ben on a night out but a group of guys heckle Lewis, who casually shrugs it off and leaves. Fuelled with anger, Ben goes to follow the men but Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) interrupts as his mum needs help at The Albert. Later, Ben spots Steve, who was the man who had hurled homophobic abuse the night before. Ben snaps and drags the man into the gym's alley, attacking him furiously. He is later caught by a shocked Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) who stops him, but is she too late? She ends up covering for Ben, telling Callum, who works as a police officer, that she had found the man unconscious. Rushing to confront him, Sharon fumes at Ben, telling him he can't behave in such a way. Will she tell Callum the truth? It seems she is likely to keep covering for him if there's a big reason to do so. DON'T MISS... Vine caller argues against claims Rishi’s too rich to be chancellor [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes row as Webster condemns elderly royals [LATEST]Former Apprentice candidate recalls Lord Sugar trait 'He disappears' [EXCLUSIVE] Could the man end up dying of his injuries after Ben's violent outburst? Noticing how badly the man had been beaten by Ben, Sharon perhaps panicked about what the outcome could be for him. She later begs Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) to keep Ben away from Phil's businesses, explaining he's too fragile to cope at the moment. However, Kat refuses to listen, so Sharon decides to go behind her back and visits Phil in prison. She tells him everything and suggests he revisits DCI Keeble’s offer to become an informant, but Phil refuses. If the man Ben attacked ends up dead, he will be in big trouble. Sharon used to be his stepmother and feels protective over him, so she's likely to do whatever she can to stop him from being imprisoned. With police officer Callum believing Ben had nothing to do with the attack though, the truth has more chance of coming out. It's possible the two will explain to Callum so he can try to cover up the attack from the inside. As a serious police officer, Callum would be devastated to do something corrupt, but he loves his husband and has risked his job for him before. Also, Phil might be more likely to take up the offer of becoming an informant so he can help Ben. He will likely want to get out of prison and be there for his son if he finds out he has possibly killed someone. Will he encourage his son to flee Walford with Callum? Phil has several criminal connections and could probably help the pair escape. This could also pave the way for Phil to make a permanent return if he does become an informant. EastEnders continues on Wednesday at 7.30pm on BBC One. 