More than 20 flights between Scotland’s three biggest airports and London have been cancelled by British Airways and easyJet. Those who are travelling should check their flights for any disruptions. This follows a string of flight cancellations which have taken place in the last few weeks. These have largely been down to staff shortages and has hit those travelling during the Easter holidays. The most recent update in travel chaos is that two major airlines, easyJet and British Airways, have cancelled over 20 flights to Scotland's three largest airports. These are Edinburgh, Glasgow and Aberdeen. Hopeful holidaymakers have taken to Twitter to voice their displeasure regarding the cancellations. @thebhoymick stated: "No confidence that my late June flights to Europe will go ahead. "Already looking at alternatives." David S. Berry tweeted: "Time to let the much greener train take the strain - and you won't spend two hours crowded into queues to board." @AilsaGirvan added: "And that’s because #CovidIsNotOver. End of." Indeed, a surge in Covid cases means that even though those affected by the virus no longer have to self-isolate, there are still some staff off work. Additionally, airports are trying to get back to their pre-pandemic levels of productivity.  Additionally, airports are trying to get back to their pre-pandemic levels of productivity, holding major recruitment drives. Heathrow Airport recently revealed that it is recruiting 12,000 workers. However @KGOD1995 argued: "Airlines will say Covid, but crew absence for 'sickness' at one of these airlines has been going on for years." He added: "Probably to do with derisory pay rates on non-permanent contract hardly inspires you to get up and go to work, does it?" On Easter Saturday, BA grounded at least 70 domestic, European and Mediterranean flights to and from Heathrow, according to Simon Calder. The domestic flights were to Edinburgh, Glasgow and Newcastle. Regarding international flights, 25 destinations were affected, including Madrid, Malaga, Paris CDG and Athens. As for easyJet, the airline cancelled numerous flights to and from its biggest base, Gatwick, with destinations including Berlin, Glasgow, Ibiza and Nice. If a flight is cancelled, passengers are entitled to new flights. If the cause of the cancellation is staff sickness, passengers are entitled to cash compensation if the cancellation was announced less than two weeks before.