Helen Skelton, 38, stepped out for the first time on Tuesday after announcing the end of her nine-year marriage with husband Richie Myler. The Countryfile presenter was seen not wearing her wedding ring in pictures recently released online. Her appearance comes just hours after she explained that her partner had moved out of their family home. The BBC host was pictured with her four-month-old daughter Elsie Kate wearing a top which said "One Love". The star put on a brave face and was pictured smiling during the animated phone call. Helen could be seen holding her newborn while out and about in Leeds in pictures obtained by the MailOnline. READ MORE: Louise Minchin hints at TV return months after BBC exit Cutting a casual figure, the presenter wore the striped top with baggy blue jeans and appeared deep in conversation. She was also wearing black sandals and had her blonde hair tied up in a messy ponytail. The presenter confirmed her split from the rugby player in a statement posted on her Instagram stories on Monday. The pair share three young children together, with the Countryfile star having only just given birth to their daughter four months ago.  In an emotional social media post, she told fans that she had separated from her rugby player husband, 31. She wrote: “Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. “He has left the family home,” she continued. “We will be doing our best to co parent our small children,” she added with broken heart emojis. DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield admits he's deleted Twitter over 'vile' trolls[LATEST]Ruth Langsford's husband Eamonn issues plea to 'unsung hero' at ITV[TWITTER]Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!'[TV] Helen and Richie married in 2013, and share Ernie, six, Louis, five and Elsie Kate, four months. The BBC favourite seemingly appeared to share her worries in a cryptic post as she suggested she was having a difficult time. She had opened up about her struggles in motherhood. The post read: "A mama is always full of emotions. Full of love. Full of anxiety and worries. “Full of exhaustion and lack of energy. Full of mum guilt and doubt. Full of pride in her kids. Full of pure joy. “She feels it all, that's the beauty of her, she carries it all, too. “And yet she gets up every day and does it all over again.” Helen is a television presenter, best known for appearing on Countryfile, while Richie plays as a scrum-half and fullback for Leeds Rhinos, as well as for England on an international level.