The Speaker of the Commons has arranged a meeting with the editor of the Mail on Sunday and the chair of parliamentary reporters to discuss an article about the Deputy Labour leader published yesterday. It quoted allegations by an anonymous Tory MP accusing Ms Rayner of deliberately attempting to distract Boris Johnson in the House of Commons by crossing and uncrossing her legs. The article sparked outrage across Westminster, with MPs on all sides of the House of Commons condemning the remarks. Sir Keir Starmer described the attack as a "new low", while the Prime Minister said if the source of the newspaper's story was identified they would face "the terrors of the earth". Giving his own verdict this afternoon, Sir Lindsay described the comments as "demeaning, offensive to women in Parliament", adding they could "only deter women who might be considering standing for election to the detriment of us all". He said: "That is why I have arranged a meeting with the chair of the press lobby and the editor of the Mail on Sunday to discuss the issue affecting our parliamentary community." READ MORE: 'WT actual F' Jess Phillips rages over Angela Rayner controversy  It is understood both the Mail on Sunday editor David Dillon and the newspaper's political editor Glen Owen will attend the meeting, along with Press Gallery chairman Andrew Woodcock. There was such anger at the article that some MPs even called on Mr Owen to have the press pass that gives him access to the Parliament estate removed. Caroline Nokes, chairman of Parliament’s Women and Equalities Committee, last night wrote to Sir Lindsay urging him to censure the journalist. She said the Tory MPs who had made the comments should be "hanging their heads in shame". The Independent Press Standards Organisation (Ipso), the industry watchdog, has received 5,500 complaints about the report. However, others have warned there must be no interference in the principle of the free press and the MPs who made the comments to the newspaper should be the ones being lambasted. DON'T MISS:POLL: Should Tory MP who made Angela Rayner comments be punished? [VOTE]Richard Madeley in shock at Angela Rayner controversy [WATCH]'Should be ashamed' Furious Rayner fumes at 'perverted smears' [REACTION]  The Prime Minister's official spokesman said the decision to call in the senior journalists was "a matter for the Speaker" but added Sir Lindsay had "talked about respecting media freedom, which is something the Prime Minister is very passionate about". Ms Rayner yesterday described the report as "gutter journalism".  "Women in politics face sexism and misogyny every day - and I’m no different," she said in a social media statement. "I stand accused of a ‘ploy’ to ‘distract’ the helpless PM - by being a woman, having legs and wearing clothes. "Boris Johnson’s cheerleaders have resorted to spreading desperate, perverted smears in their doomed attempts to save his skin. "They know exactly what they are doing. The lies they are telling." She added: "I hope this experience doesn’t put off a single person like me, with a background like mine, from aspiring to participate in public life." 