Monty Don, 66, has become a well-known face among horticultural fans after presenting BBC gardening television series Gardeners' World for almost two decades. His projects have inspired many to undertake gardening themselves, and his work is widely praised. However, the TV star sparked debate amongst social media users today when he shared a rare picture of the team of gardeners he has been working with. It comes after Monty took to Instagram this morning to bid farewell to one of the gardeners who has been helping him to look after his famous Longmeadow estate. After four years of working with Monty on his garden, the star's colleague is set to start a new venture as a “freelance gardener”. Monty wrote: “Today Rob Jones ( centre) starts new life as freelance gardener having worked as part of the gardening team in this garden for past 4 years. He will be much missed. Photo this week in the Paradise garden with the GW production team.” (sic) Some fans of the celebrity gardener rushed to the comments section to praise Monty for revealing the usually unseen team who have been making sure the garden looks picture-perfect behind the scenes. Beeutifulmakes said: “I’m glad you've acknowledged you have a team of gardeners. “I once worked for someone famous who wrote a gardening column as if it was him that did all the graft. “It really upset me, and I plucked up the courage to say so, the next month I was mentioned, and even appeared in one of his books!!!” Thegingerallotment added: “I’m glad you admitted theirs a team behind the beautiful well maintained garden. “I’ve always thought for years there’s no way he can do that all on his own. Well done team.” ucymooface typed: “Monty has always acknowledged his gardening team in his books. “Nice to see faces though. Good luck in the new role, Rob!” DON'T MISS...Gemma Atkinson apologises for her 'radio silence' on Instagram [INSTAGRAM]Demi Moore stuns in 90s pics that inspired Chris Rock's GI Jane jibe [PICTURES]Bruce Willis' snarky 'worst performance' award rescinded by Razzies [INSIGHT] However, not everyone welcomed the post as something positive, with some suggesting they were not aware Monty received help from other gardeners, while arguing he should be sharing the spotlight with them. inataney penned: “How about occasionally sharing the limelight with the unseen and unsung gardening team.” V6pdw wrote: “‘Gardening team’…. You mean Monty doesn’t do all of the gardening himself…. “(No wonder it always looks so simple). Surely this is second only to the Blue Peter voting scandal..….” G_mo519 added: “‘Team’? I thought you did it all. Best wishes to your friend.” rsfromgirton commented: “Ah! So at last you acknowledge that you have a team of gardeners! “People like to know what it takes to manage a garden of that size and it had long irritated me that you portray that you do it yourself. “It makes you seem smug and less authentic. Let’s see these unsung heroes!”