Matt Jones entered the Den seeking £66,000 for five percent of his male skincare business MESOA For Men. He appeared on the last episode of season 19 last week. After struggling with his skin and hair, Mr Jones wanted to create a community that could cater for men and their wellbeing, to help them feel confident. As he had struggled with mental health issues in the past, he told the Dragons how beneficial it had been to speak to others who were going through similar experiences as him. He said: "There's also a lack of confidence when it comes to guys asking for help, and not just with our skincare and our haircare, but with our wellbeing too. “Our community is a safe place where guys can come and learn about skincare and haircare but also wellbeing. READ MORE: Universal Credit will replace six key benefits - are you affected?   “I got pretty bad, I'd be running in the mornings and burst out into tears, I just wasn't happy. “So I reached out for help and I got a coach and I got the belief back in myself." All the Dragons were in awe of Mr Jones’s journey. Peter said: "Well you are an absolute inspiration and that is something to be proud of." Touker Suleyman chose to invest in the business and was so caught up trying to convince Matt to accept his offer, that he didn't hear Matt say yes. Mr Jones secured the £66,000 from Touker, however ended up giving 35 percent of his business. Touker promised to help him by using his business connections to break Matt into the mainstream market. The entrepreneur explained his backstory to Wales Online, saying he dropped out of school aged 14 with no qualifications and fell into the wrong crowd, and began doing drugs. Matt himself doubted he'd go on to achieve anything worthwhile as he was stuck in a bedsit supported by social services and had a tumultuous relationship with his family. But he proved all his doubters wrong, and even himself, after going on to set up the largest advertising agency in Wales and becoming a multi-millionaire in the process. He sold his advertising agency in 2019 for millions, and then went onto create MESOA For Men. Due to his previous success, he has been able to invest his own money into business - over £420,000.