Cristiano Ronaldo has been blasted by Liverpool icon Jose Enrique, who revealed that he cannot stand the Manchester United star because he "believes he is god." It comes in light of recent footage that has gone viral of the striker appearing to smash a phone. Liverpool icon Enrique has took to Instagram to blast Ronaldo after footage surfaced of the United star appearing to smash a fan's phone. The Red Devils suffered another hit in their Champions League quest after Everton beat them 1-0 on Saturday. That result has left United seventh in the Premier League and their chances of finishing in the top four are evaporating by the week. And Ronaldo's frustrations appeared to get the better of him, appearing to stomp and smash on someone's phone after swiping it out of their hand as he walked down the tunnel at Goodison Park. Merseyside Police have revealed they are looking at the incident and it has drawn widespread outrage around the world while Ronaldo has since apologised. But Enrique has hit back at the 37-year-old and revealed his true feelings on the Portuguese superstar. Over a video of the phone incident, the former defender wrote in an Instagram story: "I always said it. Don't like him. He believes [he] is god and can do whatever he wants." The Spaniard was keen to stress that his feelings towards Ronaldo are solely based on his personality. "That doesn't take that [he has] been one of the best players in the history of football but as a person [I] don't like him," Enrique added. Enrique has bleak memories of Ronaldo on the pitch when he faced him as a Newcastle player. On the two occasions they shared time on the pitch, Ronaldo - in his first stint at United - emerge victorious. The five-time Ballon d'Or scored a hat-trick in a 6-0 win at Old Trafford back in 2008 which left Enrique having nightmares while the following year the Red Devils left St James' Park with a 2-1 victory. Ronaldo was apologetic on social media amid the viral footage, saying: "It’s never easy to deal with emotions in difficult moments such as the one we are facing. Nevertheless, we always have to be respectful, patient and set the example for all the youngsters who love the beautiful game. "I would like to apologize for my outburst and, if possible, I would like to invite this supporter to watch a game at Old Trafford as a sign of fair-play and sportsmanship."