 The Duke of Sussex is currently in the Hague, the Netherlands, with his wife Meghan Markle for the Invictus Games. The games, which are in their fifth year, see five hundred injured and sick military personnel and veterans from 20 nations compete in a week of adaptive sports. Harry founded the event in 2014 to support the recovery and rehabilitation of sick servicemen and women, and raise awareness across the world. Speaking to the BBC this week, he announced more nations were being invited than ever before to provide them with an opportunity to “heal”, and stressed there will always be a need for the Invictus Games. The Duke of Sussex said: “After three years, I thought we might be able to put it in a box and put it on a shelf and just leave it until we would need to bring it out again. “But with the state of the world right now, there is always going to be a need for it, as far as I can tell.” Harry was in the military for a decade, having joined the Army in May 2005. Read More: Beaming Queen in her element as she poses with ponies for birthday pic  He rose through the ranks to become an Apache helicopter commander, and in 2012 was named by the British Defence Ministry as the best front-seat pilot, or co-pilot gunner, from his class of more than 20 people. The royal once revealed that his outreach to veterans was inspired by his first deployment to Afghanistan in 2008, where he witnessed the harrowing effects of war first-hand. Speaking to Abc News in 2016 Harry said: “I’ve been extracted after 10 weeks of my first tour in Afghanistan. “I’d done everything I could to get out there. After 10 weeks, I got extracted.  “Literally I’ve been plucked out of my team and, yes, there was an element of me thinking, ‘I’m an officer. I’m leaving my soldiers and it’s not my own decision’. “I was broken. I didn’t know what was going to happen to them, and then suddenly I found myself on a plane that’s delayed because a Danish soldier’s coffin was being put onto the plane. “Then while I’m sitting there, I look through the curtain in the front, and there’s three of our lads wrapped up in plastic, missing limbs.” Harry told the Good Morning America co-anchor Robin Roberts that he was immediately struck by the visceral images of war. Don't Miss:Meghan and Harry NOT welcome back in UK: ‘NO, NO, NO!’ – POLL[OPINION]How ​​Princess Beatrix became one of Queen's close confidants[INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Harry apologise for Queen comments in US interview?[ANALYSIS]  He continued: “One of the guys [was] clutching a little test tube or whatever it was of shrapnel that had been removed from his head and he was in a coma, clutching this thing. “And I suddenly thought to myself, ‘people don’t get to see this.’ “In those 10 weeks, I never saw the injury [part of war]. I only heard about it. “That’s how it all started for me.  “There’s a reason why I’ve been in the Army and I would never have left the Army and not done this role. “These people are role models and they need to be. It needs to be celebrated more amongst society.” Harry and Meghan’s appearance at the Invictus Games in the Netherlands is the first time the couple are known to have been together on European soil since they quit the Firm in 2020. Last week, Harry, who lives in Montecito, California, with his wife and two children, dropped in to see the Queen on the way to the games.  The Duke of Sussex has revealed the Queen was “on great form” during their meeting, and said he wanted to make sure Her Majesty is “protected”. Speaking to NBC’s Today show Harry said the visit allowed him to check that the monarch, 96, has the “right people around her”. He added: “It was really nice to catch up with her”.