The core of the issue is who governs and in whose name. Next week, France is being asked to answer that question and to choose between two very different versions of herself. On the one hand, there is the France of the Euro, the European Union, and of International Influence, often hiding her national interest under the delicate undergarment of universal co-operation. On the other, there is the France of “la souche”, the ancestral and the homely, claiming her national interest, as La Marianne demanded her Freedom, the Tricolour in her right hand, the bayonet in the left and her decency bared for all to see, urging the plebeian hordes on to a world of constant revolution. President Emmanuel Macron represents the former; Marine Le Pen the latter. The good and the great, unsurprisingly, back the President. For instance, as Le Figaro, France’s largest daily, told us recently, around 500 artists back the incumbent. Not to be left behind, Francois Holland, the hapless former Socialist President of one term, came out in support of Macron. Macron has had a tough time. From Les Gilets Jaunes to roaring inflation, COVID and the Russo-Ukraine dilemma, Macron can fairly be said to having been dealt a difficult hand over his term in office. That is, however, true of every French President. Few countries lend themselves to reform less than France. She is, interestingly, both revolutionary and immobile through the deeply ingrained concept of Les Acquis Sociaux – Rights won can never be taken away. These, incidentally, were transferred to the European Union to be known as Les Acquis Communautaire, injecting thereby the paradoxes of France into the whole EU. Macron, though, made a difficult situation much worse, simply by being himself. His Bourbon-like character grates. He looks at the French scenery de Haut en Bas. Few think him genuine. This issue was perfectly exemplified by the McKinsey affair, which revealed recently that state spending on consulting firms had skyrocketed to more than EUR1 billion under his watch, a Senate inquiry revealed only a few weeks ago. In short, whilst he might be seen as acceptable to the world beyond France, he carries in his DNA the increasingly unforgivable traits of a professional, modern day politician, reliant on third party consultants and focus groups for opinion, strategy and tactics. He is only candid when he allows his contempt for those whose opinion differ from his own to burst forth. For instance, earlier in the year, he attacked those who were not vaccinated as non-citizens, saying he wanted to “piss them off”. Worse, perhaps: He is seen as the President of the Rich, in a predominantly Socialist polity. Lacking personality and warmth, clumsy with others and artificial, he is difficult to sell. He won in 2017 for three main reasons: firstly, Francois Fillon, his main Republican contender was sunk below the waterline due to a family related scandal; secondly, the Socialist Party reached its nadir in the polls at the time due to President Holland’s comical term; and thirdly, because, once in the last round, he confronted Marine Le Pen. And France, then, still had the will to mobilise against her. Will this hold true again half a decade later? Historically, it looks like the dam might still hold. The polls are much tighter, albeit slightly beyond the margin of error: Macron seems to be on 54%; Le Pen on 46%. In addition, since the establishment of the Fifth Republic in 1958, there have been ten elections. Of these, only three winners of the first round lost the second: Mitterand in 1974, Giscard d’Estaing in 1981 and Jospin in 1995. That is to say, looking back, that the winner of the first round has a 70% chance of winning the second one. In other words, Macron has the Polls, just about, and Probability in his favour. However, any sense of certainty must now surely been gone. On the other side of the ledger, in the last 20 years, no incumbent has been re-elected to the French Presidential office. In addition, momentum in politics matters. From that perspective, the advantage is favouring Marine “La Marianne” Le Pen. There have been five presidential elections in France since the beginning of the new millennium. On three occasions the name Le Pen made it into the last round. In 2002, Chirac walked away with 82.2% of the vote; Papa Le Pen with 17.8%. Fifteen years later, Macron fought Daughter Le Pen. In 2017, he won a very respectable 66.1% of the vote; Marine 33.9%. Le Pen was, though, getting much closer. Five years ago, the results were not really in question. Indeed, Marine Le Pen’s terrible TV performance during the debates increased the sense of inevitability. For Emmanuel Macron, the week before the polls must have been the sweetest of his entire political career. He knew he had won so did his team before the ballots were cast and counted. It was all about getting ready and enjoying the ride. Since 2002 though the Le Pen name has garnered increasing support. In fact, it has grown by over 250% in that time, accelerating away during the Macron term. Finally, Le Pen, like De Gaulle in 1958, does not need Mc Kinsey, or marketing gurus, to run the campaign. People across France, from every background, creed and race, think they know what she represents – for good or bad. She does not need to triangulate. She merely needs to be. She is free to pick her topics and can be taken at face value or allow her audience to “read between the lines”. She can talk about inflation. For those who want to blame the Euro, she is the one who will be able to solve the problem. When she talks of citizenry, to those for whom culture matters, they see a friendly and caring neighbour. They hear the call. Her strength in this coming battle is twofold: she is perceived as real, and, she has time. For the fight of the soul of France, from her perspective, is not a point in time but a process If she loses next week, inflation and the insanity of the Euro along with France’s Bourbon elite, represented by Macron, will clear, in all probability, the path for an eventual Le Pen victory. In the meantime, the United Kingdom cannot expect a loving neighbour, whoever wins next week.