Christian Eriksen will show respect to Brentford this summer by discussing a contract extension despite being linked with a return to former club Tottenham, according to reports. The playmaker signed for the Bees in January and has helped drag the West Londoners away from the Premier League relegation zone.    Eriksen, who suffered a cardiac arrest at last summer’s European Championship, had his Inter Milan contract terminated at the start of the season because Serie A rules prevent players using an Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator (ICD). The 30-year-old linked up with friend Thomas Frank at Brentford in the winter transfer window. He has impressed at his new club, registering two assists and scoring once. His best performance came in Brentford’s 4-1 thumping of Chelsea earlier this month. Eriksen also scored just minutes after coming on as a substitute for Denmark on his international football return in March. His strike was one of the goals in a 4-2 defeat by the Netherlands. JUST IN: Arteta responds to Arsenal contract rebel Nketiah being 'upset' And his good form has earned him interest from elsewhere, with former club Spurs apparently keen on a transfer. Eriksen made 305 appearances for the North Londoners before joining Inter Milan in January 2020. A move to Spurs would also see him reunite with Antonio Conte, who was Inter boss during Eriksen’s short spell in Italy. However, the attacking midfielder will first show respect to Brentford by speaking to them about a contract extension despite Spurs' interest, according to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano. Eriksen signed a short-term deal with the Bees until the end of the season and will discuss his future with the club’s hierarchy before talking to any interested parties. Romano told the Here We Go podcast: “We have heard rumours about Eriksen and Tottenham in the last few days. The answer I’m always receiving from Eriksen’s side is that he is not deciding now or in May. DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports “He wants to wait until the end of the season. He will meet and speak to Brentford. That is his priority, a matter of respect. “We have rumours of Tottenham, because of his relationship with Conte. It is something Tottenham would consider, after he meets Brentford.” Spurs are likely to spend big in the summer to replenish Conte’s squad. A frustrating January window saw the Italian sign just two players, although Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur have done well since joining from Juventus. Spurs are in a tight battle with Arsenal for fourth place in the Premier League. The weekend’s 1-0 defeat by Brighton saw them relinquish their stranglehold of the position, with their North London rivals now just three points behind. Arsenal also have a game in hand.   