Tottenham could create shockwaves in north London in the summer transfer window, with reports suggesting that Antonio Conte could make a move for former Arsenal winger and current Bayern Munich star Serge Gnabry. Gnabry joined the Gunners for £100,000 from Stuttgart at the age of 16, although he rarely featured at the Emirates. The German only made 18 first-team appearances in the capital, with only 10 of those coming in the Premier League. He was shipped out to Bayern Munich in 2018, and instantly proved his credentials with 10 goals in his first 30 Bundesliga appearances. He has been a huge part of their title-winning sides ever since and famously scored four against Tottenham in the Champions League in 2019 in a 7-2 away win. But he could now be on his way to Spurs - the arch-rivals of his former club - with reports claiming Conte wants to snap him up this summer. Gnabry's contract runs out next summer, meaning he could be available for a cut-price fee if he wishes to move back to England. JUST IN: Ten Hag details Ronaldo stance in first interview as Man Utd boss It is reported by the Daily Star that he is holding out for a £250,000-a-week contract at the Allianz Arena, with the league leaders set to snub those demands. Conte is driving Spurs' interest and is said to be pushing for the club to jump in and table a bid for his services. However, they face competition from Real Madrid to sign Gnabry. Los Blancos are looking to make a move for the attacker if they can get him on a cut-price fee, though they also have other targets. A move for Gnabry will especially be tempting if Tottenham can qualify for the Champions League. However, Conte was recently blase about his side's chances of finishing in the top four. DON'T MISS "Now for sure we are in this race, I want to try to stay until the end. We know very well the difficulty," Conte said. "I don't think Chelsea can go in this race because Chelsea is in my opinion in a different level. They are there because they missed some games but they must stay in this race. "We have to fight with Arsenal who showed yesterday to be in good form, with Man United, West Ham and also there is Wolverhampton."