The two bedroom semi-detached is located in Sandford Close, Bransholme, and is listed on Rightmove with a guide price of £50,000. Buyers have been made aware the property needs renovation, with an old loo abandoned in a half finished bedroom. The property also features strange scrawled messages on the walls and an upturned table revealing a bare floor are just some of the shocking features. Wires are also pictured hanging from the ceiling in the kitchen and a hole in the wall where an extractor fan may have been fitted. There are signs of attempts at upgrading the house, with some stripped walls, a part-built partition and a “hole in the wall” fire a feature of the lounge. However, dated curtains, a ceiling rose and battered light fittings and furniture all tell of a different era in the house, which is crying out for a makeover. The house is for sale by modern auction and subject to a reserve price, according to the agent, Reeds Rains, of Sutton, which describes the house as “priced to sell” and “in need of modernisation”. To be “sold as seen”, the house includes an entrance hallway, which is open-plan to the dining kitchen, plus a lounge. The first-floor landing, with a built-in storage cupboard, opens onto two rear-facing bedrooms and a bathroom, which has a tired panelled bath and a pedestal wash basin. There is a separate WC where the floor is certainly in need of attention. The front and rear gardens are untidy and overgrown but easily remedied by someone with green fingers, and there is a single garage for off-street parking. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Dover fury as EU threatens MORE checks It comes after Hull was ranked among some of the UK’s hot spots for “flipping” a property. Hull was ranked ninth in a new report on the best places to flip a house, where the intention of the buyer is to renovate it and sell it on for profit. The study by BestHeating analysed house price data, the number of houses sold and the number of home improvement stores within a four-mile radius, to come up with the UK’s top ten flipping hot spots. Its research held Hull had seen £11,000, on average, added in value to a property after doing it up. The average asking price for a property in Hull had increased by 36 percent in the past five years according to the study, which also recorded the number of houses sold in 2020 and 2021 as 7,994. Jess Steele, content manager at BestHeating, told Hull Live: “The number of people purchasing a house to renovate and sell on for profit has increased greatly in popularity over the last few years, providing a strong second source of income for many. “Our report shows that there is a north and south divide when it comes to flipping a house with seven of the top 10 places being in the north of England or Scotland. “By ranking cities in this way, we can support the high proportion of Brits that are looking to begin renovating by showing them the places that will provide them with the best chance of flipping a house successfully. “For anyone planning to take on a renovation, it is important to remember to check a property thoroughly before purchasing as you don’t want to lose money by not making basic checks.”