UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson explained that he could not confirm ruling out another non-pharmaceutical intervention in the UK as he claimed it would be irresponsible of any leader to do so. The Prime Minister then discussed how he believes the previously imposed lockdown's saved lives in the UK. Mr Johnson also warned of new possible COVID-19 variants that could be deadlier than the last or affect children more. Mr Johnson told GB News: "I want to avoid any such thing ever happening again. "And I can't rule out something... I can't say that we wouldn't be forced to do a non-pharmaceutical intervention again of the kind that we did. "I think it would be irresponsible of any leader, in any democracy to say that they're going to rule out something that could save life. "And I believe that the things that we did, saved lives, there could be... JUST IN: 'Don't take me through England' European lorry drivers furious over Kent traffic chaos     Mr Johnson added: "I've got to be absolutely frank with you, there could be a new variant, more deadly, there could be a variant that affects children badly that we really need to contain. "I'm not going to take any options off the table, but I don't think it will happen. "I think we're now in the phase of... And this is the view of all the advisors I talk to, that we're now in the phase where the virus is losing its potency, overall. "And we've got a massively vaccinated UK population." Many politicians are waiting for the Prime Minister to be held accountable for allegedly breaking lockdown rules at Downing Street. READ MORE: Prince Andrew should NOT attend Jubilee celebrations: ‘Would bring down occasion' — POLL     But due to the war in Ukraine, it seems the investigation into Mr Johnson and other top Tory MPs has taken a back seat. Some Brits have raised awareness on the issue of social development for children, as the lockdowns have affected some children. Ofstead reported on the lockdown's impact on children as many have had to wear masks, social distance, and stay home from school. There have also been babies being born during the pandemic, and the effects of certain coronavirus rules on them, are now coming to light. The Ofsted report said: “Children turning two years old will have been surrounded by adults wearing masks for their whole lives and have therefore been unable to see lip movements or mouth shapes as regularly.”