Samantha Markle has raised an absurd conspiracy claim about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's two children, Archie and Lilibet. At one point during her interview on LBC on Friday, Samantha said "logically, some people wonder whether they really exist" in regards to the two young children. LBC's Nick Ferrari was left speechless by the remarks and quickly moved the conversation on during his interview with Meghan's estranged half-sister. During the interview, Samantha said that Meghan's father, Thomas Markle, still has not met his grandchildren. She said: "Of course, he’s sad as a grandfather, he wants to see the children. "You want to see that your children are happy, your offspring." The half-sister of the Duchess of Sussex then criticised "fake aggregate news" that claimed she said, "that the babies don't exist, this and that - that's not what I said". JUST IN: Harry and Meghan back down on UK return red line However, she then repeated the bizarre conspiracy theory moments later. Samantha said: "My father has only seen a little square of Archie's face. Nobody has seen those children. "Not my father. And it was my understanding that the Royal Family has not either. "And you know that royal journalists would have picked up on that like flies on flypaper so to speak. Or bees to honey. "Nobody has seen the children, full-frontal, face-on. "The British people would want to see that, and the American people would want to see that. "The world would have joined together in celebrating these children. But nobody has seen them." At this point, Mr Ferrari could be seen mouthing words to a figure in the LBC studio. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry's secret plans for UK return - 'desperate' [LIVE BLOG]Harry is 'clearly not comfortable' in controversial US interview [VIDEO]Meghan and Harry NOT welcome back in UK: ‘NO, NO, NO!’ [POLL] Samantha then added: "It logically follows that people are wondering where are they and some people wonder whether they really exist." Mr Ferrari responded: "Well, yes, they do exist." Meghan's half-sister said: "Yes they probably do. But we don't have a visual reference." Later in the interview, the 57-year-old criticised Harry's recent remarks that he wants to ensure that his grandmother, the Queen, is “protected” and has the “right people around her". Samantha was recently suspended from Twitter days after BuzzFeed reported that her account had been used to question the validity of Meghan's two pregnancies. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex very publicly introduced their eldest son Archie to the British public days after his birth in 2019. And they have repeatedly shared pictures of both Lilibet and Diana, as well as footage of their eldest playing with them.