Dan Walker, 45, announced yesterday he was set to leave BBC Breakfast to join the network’s rival, Channel 5 News. He is set to become a lead anchor on the channel's recently relaunched, hour-long 5pm bulletin. But as Dan is set for a new professional venture, his BBC Breakfast co-stars have lamented his departure. BBC weather presenter Carol Kirkwood reacted to the news yesterday in a tweet shared with her 222,000 Twitter followers. She retweeted the announcement posted by Dan, adding: “Daaaaannnn…. “Congratulations! Wishing you every success… but we will miss you.” Dan has now emotionally responded to Carol’s tweet, admitting he was “not ready” to be without greeting her in the morning as usual. He wrote: “I’m not ready to not say ‘Good Morning Carol’. “I might have to ring you on a Monday at 5am.” But Carol wasn’t the only BBC star to break her silence following the news of Dan’s move away from the red sofa. His co-presenter, Sally Nugent, also took to the social media platform to send Dan a heartfelt message. In view of her 143,500 followers, she said: "We’re not just colleagues but we’re friends too. Dan is simply brilliant to sit next to.” Sally concluded: “I will miss him. Go and be fabulous." Dan replied: "You'll set me off. See you in the morning, partner." DON'T MISS...Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [UPDATE]Dianne Buswell 'inspired' by Oti Mabuse's career ventures off Strictly [COMMENT]Naga Munchetty fires back at BBC Breakfast fan's warning over weight [LATEST] BBC Breakfast's editor Richard Frediani tweeted: "Dan Walker has been a brilliant Presenter on #BBCBreakfast for more than 6 years. "From Tony’s flypast and highlighting loneliness with Terrence to special programmes including live from No 10. "Thanks for your time on the red sofa and your friendship to all on and off screen." Dan shared in a heartfelt reply: "I love everything about #BBCbreakfast from the boss to everyone who works on the show. "It’s been an amazing 6 years with an incredible team. It was a big decision to leave but I’m also so excited about a new challenge. Thanks for all the lovely comments." Dan issued a statement yesterday confirming his new appointment, stating: “I can't wait to get stuck into the daily news show, but I am also excited about making some great new TV for Channel 5. "I love their ideas and creativity and it’s rare to get an opportunity like this where paths and ambitions meet. "The chance to do something different was too good to turn down.”