In return Ali murdered Sir David, claiming that it was his duty to kill a British politician on behalf of the Islamic State, to avenge the politician voting in favour of air strikes against Islamic State in Syria. The 26-year-old assassin was found guilty by jurors in 18 minutes and will be sentenced tomorrow. He now faces living his natural life in jail. Justice was done. But how can we stop these callous and credulous killers who choose to act on their murderous and ignorant fantasies? Once more, we must remain intolerant of intolerance. Warped Islamists such as Ali and his ilk have caused havoc across the world, with no real justification bar their personal pathos and sub-religious vanity. There will be cries of what might be done to stop such events from reoccurring. Ali had been assessed by the UK’s anti radicalisation scheme Prevent, which had unfortunately taken him off the danger list. This murder shows that Prevent needs, if anything, sharper fangs. Sadly, there remain too many apologists for violent extremism. Ali will live out the rest of his life in prison, a miserable nonentity who murdered a good man. Meanwhile, Sir David’s name will be feted, most notably by the people of Southend, the town that he helped turn into a city. Let us now think of his family, celebrate his many achievements and try to ensure that no terrorist can ever again commit such a heinous crime. ----- Yesterday the state pension rose by 3.1 per cent. We should resist the temptation to cheer. With inflation at 6.2 per cent and the cost-of-living crisis surging ahead, the rise barely covers soaring bills. This crisis is having a cruel effect in more vulnerable parts of society. As a result, pensioners’ average budgets will be down by almost £1,000 this year. It is a very bitter pill for pensioners to swallow. So let’s all play our part and be vigilant of the older members of our families, friends and neighbours, and urge the Government to ease the pensioners’ lot with an emergency support package. State pensions need increasing by at least £500 a year, with a further £500 in the autumn before the next energy price rise. It’s the least we can do for poorer pensioners. ------ After Saturday’s walkabout with President Volodymyr Zelensky in Kyiv – a genuinely dangerous experience – we must all be big-hearted enough not to begrudge Boris Johnson his family trip yesterday to Hertfordshire’s Paradise Wildlife Park. It must have been great fun for the reunited family – and, in these heightened times, a well-deserved break for the Prime Minister.