Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain more than 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips in her name. On one such group with more than 80,000 members, Facebook user Brian Loynton asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Could anyone help me with tips for cleaning ovens especially the oven racks. Thanks.” Brian’s post was inundated with more than 50 comments from Mrs Hinch fans. The most popular solution for cleaning oven racks was to use washing powder in either the bath or a large container of water. Jan Hare said: “Put them in the bath with very hot water and half a box of biological washing powder. “Leave overnight. Alternatively, buy Oven Pride. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants “Huge plastic bags you put the shelves in then pour in the cleaning solution.” Sandy Davies said: “Soak in the bath with lots of biological washing powder and some hot water and leave overnight.” Nerissa Rosevear replied: “I put mine in the laundry tub with a couple of scoops of laundry powder and very hot water to cover them. “Let them soak for an hour or so.  DON'T MISSHow to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]How to clean your washing machine with easy ingredients [UPDATE]Lawn care tips: Steps to get your lawn ‘immaculate’ for summer [ANALYSIS] “Then wipe over. This works brilliantly. They shine up like a diamond.” Most homeowners have washing powder in their homes, however, for those who don’t here are some options. Sainsbury's Bio Laundry Powder is available to buy for £4.50. Surcare Laundry Powder Non Bio can be bought from Waitrose for £5. Easy Inspirations Tiger Lily & Lotus Flower Wash Powder costs £1.29 from Fab Finds. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Wilko Water Softening Laundry Powder costs £2.20. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans for cleaning oven racks included using baking soda, soda crystals, dishwasher tablets, Oven Pride and putting them on the lawn overnight. June Adamson said: “If you want to be nature-friendly, start with a baking soda paste and steel wool where neeeded.” Joelle Wadsworth replied: “Soda Crystal in hot water submerge over racks. Always did it for me.” Pamela Anne suggested: “Put towel in bath, place them on, add dishwasher tablets, hot water and leave them to soak a while.”  Kim Urch replied: “I soak mine in a bath in warm water and dishwasher tablets.” Tracey Hammond wrote: “Scrub with a slightly damp dishwasher tablet, then leave to soak in hot water.” Julie-ann Smith said: “Throw them on your lawn overnight - not freezing - and then wipe clean.” Angela Dexter suggests: “Oven pride is fab and easy to do. “Leave all shelves in a bag overnight.” “The glass can also be put in there.”