Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has subtly urged the club's board to commit to more investment ahead of this summer's transfer window. Gabriel Jesus is one player believed to be in the crosshairs as the Gunners reportedly plan a bid for the Manchester City star, and more talent could follow if Arteta is given money and time to further his north London project. Arteta has overseen a broadly positive season at Arsenal, who are at the business end of a top-four push after losing their first three matches of the campaign. The Gunners have been a joy to watch at times, but patches of troubled form have taken their bid for next season's Champions League down to the wire. The last top-four spot seems destined to land at their feet, or those of local rivals Tottenham. Regardless of whether his crop of stars succeed or fail in that regard, Arteta recently talked up the club's youthful squad while calling for more faith from the board going forward. "I think the team has made a great leap forward in terms of identity, play, style, clarity," he told DAZN's Fever Pitch, "[The young players] have shown that they have the ability to win games and to be decisive, and they have done so in a very consistent way for many games. DON'T MISS: Man City boss Pep Guardiola aims cheeky 'Maldives league' dig at Liverpool amid title race "You have to be very careful because the leap is very big. We have to protect them so that when other moments come, we can be there too. That connection that we have made with all the employees from within, with the players in the sense of belonging, of clarity. "People have thrown themselves into the team, they have felt what the team transmits, they feel identified with the young people, with the model. That is what is going to give us a lot of strength; it is going to give us an advantage to take another leap forward, which we already know where it is going and which is going to require investment and time again." Indeed, investment is exactly what Arteta was given last summer when Arsenal went on the biggest transfer spending spree in Europe. The likes of Ben White, Martin Odegaard, Aaron Ramsdale and Takehiro Tomiyasu have all made successful starts to their Emirates careers, while Albert Sambi Lokonga and Nuno Tavares are yet to earn the fans' total trust. Arteta clearly wants more funds to bolster his squad this summer, with Gabriel Jesus heavily linked to the north London side. Football.london claim that a £35m bid is being prepared which, with one year remaining on his Man City contract, could be enough to tempt the Sky Blues into doing business.  Luring in attacking recruits such as Jesus will be a high priority this summer as Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah, Arsenal's only two recognised frontmen, are both out of contract. Tammy Abraham is another believed to be on Arteta's radar, as scouts were reportedly sent to watch him in UEFA Conference League action this week. A new central midfielder is also thought to be on the cards if the board grant Arteta's investment wish, although long-term target Ruben Neves could set them back an eye-watering £100m. Champions League qualification may be crucial to funding the Gunners' more ambitious deals, and they sit two points clear of Spurs with five matches to play.