Sources have suggested the ­monarch – who will be 96 on Thursday – is ­planning to make sure the wider Royal ­Family appear with her during the double bank holiday celebrations in June to commemorate her 70 years on the throne. That opens up the possibility of Harry and Meghan joining in, as well as the Queen’s ­disgraced son Prince Andrew and other non-working royals. It is understood that it is her dearest wish to see her family reunited and for the Sussexes to appear with her on the palace balcony. At her Diamond Jubilee 10 years ago, there was a slimmed down balcony appearance of just the Queen, Charles, Camilla, William, Kate and Harry. The balcony idea may threaten fresh tensions in the family amid a continuing rift between the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and the Sussexes. There were also concerns expressed by Prince Charles and William about any attempt to put Andrew in front of the cameras. Palace officials are said to be working on the assumption that non-working members of the family, including Harry, Meghan and Andrew, will be invited to family events. This could include the balcony appearance after Trooping the Colour on June 2, and a national service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral for the Queen’s reign on June 3. But their thinking is that they will not be able to play a central role in official parts of the four-day bank holiday weekend, such as the main trooping ceremony marking the sovereign’s official birthday. Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, along with Andrew, 62, could also be invited to join the Queen at the Derby horse racing extravaganza at Epsom on June 4, if there is a big family gathering in the royal box for one of the monarch’s favourite days of the year. But with opinion polls showing that Andrew and Harry and Meghan are all deeply unpopular with ardent monarchists after the controversies of the past couple of years, there is also the risk of crowds booing at the celebrations. Buckingham Palace declined to comment last night but sources played down any suggestion that anything had been decided. “This hasn’t come from us,” one source said. There are also several potential stumbling blocks. It is likely that Harry, who has claimed it is not safe for his family to come to Britain, would have to back down in his legal dispute with Home Secretary Priti Patel over the Government’s refusal to allow him and his family automatic taxpayer-funded police protection. In the absence of that, he has asked to at least be able to pay for police protection or gain access to national intelligence. But instead the authorities have said the risks posed to the Sussexes will be assessed on a case-by-case basis each time they intend to visit. Last week, Harry and Meghan secretly visited the Queen at Windsor Castle. They also met Charles and Camilla, opening up the possibility of some fence-mending after a bitter family dispute over the Sussexes’ claims that they were the victims of racism. Royal sources have suggested that, while the Queen and other senior member of the family do not accept the allegations, the Queen has tried to maintain ties with the Sussexes. “They remain much-loved members of the family,” said one source. But it is understood aides are planning on a more traditional big family gathering on the balcony this time. Harry and Meghan have yet to say whether they would like to come to Britain for the jubilee in June. Their office said yesterday they were not in a position to discuss future travel plans. The latest family moves come amid increasing concern over the growing frailty of the Queen. Aides have said she hopes to attend as many of her jubilee events as possible. But it is likely she will only make fleeting appearances at a handful. Palace officials are working on plans to allow her to arrive at St Paul’s by a side entrance without being photographed, to avoid the indignity of having to struggle up steps. For the horse racing at Epsom, it is expected she will arrive privately and be driven as close as possible to the grandstand before taking a lift up to her box. This would be instead of a more traditional grand arrival in front of the crowds. The Duchess of Cornwall, who has taken a growing interest in the sport, is expected to be given pride of place alongside her at the Derby as her intended successor as the main royal patron of racing. Prince Charles is expected to play a key role at most of the main jubilee events and will represent the Queen if she is unable to be there herself. The monarch’s mobility problems have become a constant source of concern for her aides recently. Her staff have now started advising that, even though she has key dates in her diary such as the State Opening of Parliament next month, the presumption should now be that she will not be able to attend. For some time, they have been saying that her attendance will only be confirmed on the day of events in her diary. ----------------------------------------- Prince Charles is effectively reigning on behalf of his mother, a former minister said yesterday. LibDem Norman Baker – who served in David Cameron’s coalition government – also warned goodwill for the Queen would not necessarily transfer to Charles, 73. Mr Baker told GB News: “It’s not surprising [the Queen] can’t do what she used to do, but we have in fact now got a regency in all but name.” He said there was “tremendous respect” for the Queen, but it “doesn’t have a free transfer” to Prince Charles, right, who “comes with baggage”. Mr Baker also said Harry and Meghan were “effectively semi-detached people” like late Beatle John Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono in the US. He added: “William and Kate are seen as a safe option.”