The amount of state pension someone gets when they reach state pension age is directly linked to their National Insurance record. Therefore if their record is not sufficient, people could get less than the full sum. Both the new and the basic state pensions are based on an individual’s National Insurance record when they reach state pension age, but the amount needed for the full amount differs between the two. To get any new state pension, Britons usually need to have 10 qualifying years on their National Insurance record. As many as 35 qualifying years could be needed to get the new full state pension, while it is 30 for the full basic state pension. Britons could increase their state pension entitlement by earning more qualifying years towards the maximum amount required. However, some people may get less than the new full state pension even if they have enough qualifying years, if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. READ MORE: WASPI women receive update in state pension age fight as 'further evidence' to be reviewed Qualifying years do not have to be consecutive in order to count towards the state pension. There are three ways Britons can get qualifying years on their National Insurance record. People who work can get them through employment or self-employment. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis: Do you pay for dentistry and opticians? A little-known way to cover the cost [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak backlash grows – ‘I’m getting £2 extra pension while he’s got millions’ [REACTION]‘Do I have enough to retire?’ Dave Ramsey suggests a ‘rule of thumb’ for what you need [RETIREMENT] Workers who pay National Insurance get a qualifying year if: Those who are not in work can get qualifying years by claiming certain benefits. Some benefits have attached National Insurance credits which count towards earning qualifying years. People can get National Insurance credits if they claim: If someone wishes to improve their NI record outside of their employment or benefits, they might be able to pay voluntary National Insurance contributions. This could help to fill gaps in their record. Britons can check their National Insurance record via the official Government website to see if they have any gaps which could deny them the full state pension. The full new state pension is currently worth £179.60 a week. From April 11, 2022, this will rise to £185.15.