Power’s hit crime spin-off Power Book IV: Force recently came to an explosive end which saw Tommy Egan (played by Joseph Sikora) prove his innocence. However, after almost being killed because of the lie, the actor hinted at a surprising reunion for revenge in season two.  Since arriving in Chicago, Tommy Egan had been stirring up trouble and stepping on the wrong foot in an attempt to become a distributor. However, it didn’t bother him as he was willing to go to war to take over the city with his drugs. Tommy even went head-to-head with the intimidating Walter Flynn (Tommy Flanagan) who had been running Chicago with his narcotics alongside his family for years. Even after Walter warned him to leave the city, Tommy took the threat as a personal challenge and wanted to prove him wrong.  READ MORE: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview As well as the newcomer, Walter also had a major disagreement with his son Vic Flynn (Shane Harper) over his choice of women. Although he was the prepared successor of his father’s empire, Walter refused to give his blessing for Vic to date Gloria (Gabrielle Ryan) because she wasn’t Irish. However, Vic was head over heels in love with her and prepared to give up his lucrative life to run away with her. When Walter noticed this, he set up a hit for his son’s lover to be killed, her tragic death saw Vic get injured too as he was also in the car when the shots were fired.  As a result, Walter manipulated Vic and made him believe Tommy was behind the hit as he was an enemy. In the finale, after a brutal war, the truth was revealed which left Vic furious and just before the episode ended he was seen with his sister Claudia (Lili Simmons) toasting Gloria’s memory and vowing to never trust their father again. Claudia had previously worked with Tommy behind her father’s back to create a high-end drug, however, after believing his lies she had abandoned their business. With the series expected to return with a second season, Sikora was asked if his character would be able to trust Vic and Gloria again.  DON'T MISS...Charlene White suggests Harry's 'protection' remark aimed at Andrew [INSIGHT]Power Force season 2 theory: Tommy Egan to face arrest in major clue [THEORY]Power Force: Tommy Egan star addresses devastating death 'A big loss' [INSIGHT] Speaking to Hollywood Life, the actor responded: “I don’t think he will ever trust them fully, that would take a huge amount but never say never.” He added: “You never know where things are going to go in this Power universe with all those crazy twists and turns. “I think that there’s always a place for Tommy to use somebody, even if he’s not going to trust them.” Sikora explained: “People always have their functions, and Vic’s proven himself to be a far better boss and worker than previously thought, and then Claud is super savvy.  “There’s always a place for them. Walter, he’s just a beast. I mean, talk about Tommy Flanagan. What an incredible actor.” As the series came to an end on Sunday, a release date for season two has yet to be announced, however, fans will definitely be seeing more from Tommy. Although Power Book IV: Force is the third spin-off in the Power franchise, its premiere reached record-breaking heights as it became the most-watched series premiere in Starz history. Raking in 3.3 million multiplatform views in the US alone, this was set to become a hit as viewers wanted to find out Tommy’s fate after he left New York in the original series. This finale also showed law enforcement taking an interest in the rising crime rates in Chicago with no idea that Tommy, who had faked his death, was behind the killings. Power Book IV: Force is available on Starz in the UK and available on Starzplay in the UK. 