Manchester United have concerns over Erik ten Hag’s lack of experience of managing at the highest level but all signs are still pointing towards the Ajax boss arriving at Old Trafford this summer. The 52-year-old has done well during his five years in Amsterdam, re-awakening a sleeping giant in the process. And he’ll need to repeat that trick in the Premier League, with the Dutchman still very much the frontrunner to replace Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. The Telegraph say concerns exist at United over Ten Hag’s lack of experience of managing at the very top, regardless of the fine work he’s done at Ajax over the past half a decade. It’s stated by the publication that the Red Devils have had it pointed out to them, however, that Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho failed despite their big reputations. And with Ten Hag still regarded as the ‘clear favourite’ to take over from Rangnick at the end of the season, it’s looking increasingly likely he’ll be given the keys to the club at the end of the season. Though the Glazers need to give the green light, an appointment looks on. Looking at United’s previous appointments, it would be no understatement to say he’d be the biggest gamble and risk of the entire lot. Back in 2013, when Sir Alex Ferguson announced he’d be stepping down, David Moyes seemed a sure bet to replace him. Sure, the Scot had no experience of managing on the biggest and grandest stages of them all. There was a realisation that some things he’d have to learn in time, while on the job. Yet Moyes’ solid work at Everton, where he’d helped establish the Toffees as a force on the domestic level, made him an appealing candidate. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here As a manager of Ferguson’s mould, the current West Ham boss had earned the job and the approval of his fellow Scot for all the team-building he’d done over at Goodison Park. However, while United had high hopes for Moyes, they never gave him a true chance at succeeding - making just two signings for an ageing squad before dismissing him in April 2014. After Moyes, came Van Gaal. The Dutchman really did appear to be the perfect appointment, with United then giving him huge transfer backing in the forms of Angel Di Maria, Radamel Falcao, Luke Shaw, Daley Blind, Ander Herrera and Marcos Rojo. He had experience from bossing the likes of Barcelona and Bayern Munich, achieving success at both clubs. Van Gaal implemented a possession-based style of play on the squad and it saw them dominate most matches as a result. However, United never really had the ruthless forwards needed to make such a system work and it resulted in them looking a boring, flat outfit at times. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Van Gaal recently urged Ten Hag not to take the United job, branding his former side as a ‘commercial club’. The wounds from his sacking in 2016, it seems, remain raw. Yet, for all his experience, he was unable to guide the club to the Premier League or Champions League titles throughout his reign. Likewise, Mourinho. Out of all the managers United have hired since Ferguson’s emotional exit, the Portuguese was the one who fans universally agreed thought would get the club winning again. Initially he did, with the Red Devils winning the Europa League and Carabao Cup during his maiden season in the dugout. That appeared to be a solid foundation for the club to build on, especially with Mourinho previously conquering leagues with Chelsea, Real Madrid, Inter Milan and Porto. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Yet again, though, the arrival of such a big managerial name failed to pay off. Mourinho was relieved of his duties in December 2018 after overseeing a nightmare start to the season and falling out with vital players such as Paul Pogba and Anthony Martial behind the scenes. While many were critical of United’s decision to then hire Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as a permanent Mourinho replacement, three months on after initially arriving on an interim basis, it did seem the right decision at the time. The Red Devils sparkled under his guidance at first, winning 14 of their 19 matches during his temporary reign. And those performances had suggested he’d be able to save them money on Mauricio Pochettino, who had initially been earmarked as their top target for the end of that season. Obviously, things under Solskjaer went south at the start of the current season and he was axed in November, less than 24 hours after a 4-1 defeat to Watford at Vicarage Road. Ten Hag, in comparison, certainly seems to be a gamble. While his work at Ajax is to be commended, he doesn’t have a CV that compares to the likes of Mourinho and Van Gaal - who have won the Champions League three times between them. Yet the report says he remains in pole position to take over at United come the summer. It’s the Glazers who will ultimately have the final say on any appointment, with the owners signing off on agreements regardless of what happens with Richard Arnold, John Murtough and Darren Fletcher think. By giving Ten Hag the job, they’ll be rolling the dice. Their approval, after all, remains needed. But if they do say yes, it’s possible this gamble will pay off for United as they look to become the force they used to be during Ferguson’s remarkable run as manager.