Sophie officially joined the Royal Family in 1999, when she married the Queen's youngest son Prince Edward. Last month, the royal took a trip to the US in celebration of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. She gave the royals a boost there and was widely praised by royals fans across the pond. Media commentator Neil Sean spoke of Sophie's "successful" visit to the US in a recent video on his Youtube channel Neil Sean's Daily News Headlines. Mr Sean, who credits Sophie as one of his "favourite royal people", said: "Sophie, as we know, recently made a trip to the United States to promote her charities and all the good works that she does. "Thanks to Sophie's successful visit to the United States of New York, she's now being approached by some major networks about producing some documentaries all about her charity works." The media commentator added that this would all be "very early stages" and at this point, there is no confirmation of the news. He added that the alleged project would be a "really clever move by her and of course, it's all about the focus of the charities rather than the individual" READ MORE: Meghan Markle tries to trademark word 'archetypes' as Duchess launches Spotify podcast Mr Sean added that Sophie was "very low key in the United States" but was "very very well received". He said: "This proves that you don't need to wave banners, play the victim poor me card, all of that... to become a success. "If she does indeed make those documentaries for a US network about all the good works that she just tirelessly works on, really without much publicity, then it will be well worth the watch. "Also more importantly, well valued because she seemingly, and I can honestly say this [she] does work very hard behind the scenes on man things that we have no idea about". READ MORE: Charles 'should step aside' and let his son William be king - according to Britons During her stay in the US, Sophie delivered a keynote address at United Nations Headquarters on upholding women’s rights in Afghanistan and celebrated Commonwealth Day. She also took part in engagements as a Global Ambassador of 100 Women in Finance. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams claimed Sophie's visit would boost the monarchy in the US after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who currently reside in California after stepping down from royal duties, made a series of bombshell claims in their TV interview a year ago. The royal expert said: "The close links between America and Britain, and the fascination with the British monarchy undoubtedly will continue. "There’s no question whatsoever that after Harry and Meghan’s interview on Oprah things were badly damaged, it was very destructive. "But on the other hand, that which is damaged can always be repaired. During her visit, the Countess attended a briefing on the impact of the conflict in Ukraine on women and girls. According to the official Royal Family Twitter, Sophie delivered a speech about the position of women in Afghanistan. The social media post read: “Today The Countess of Wessex joined UN Women representatives and NGOs at a briefing on the impact of the conflict in Ukraine on women and girls. “HRH heard about the international humanitarian response and how to best support women and girls in conflict zones. "To mark Commonwealth Day, the Countess of Wessex also visited the Queen Elizabeth II Garden."