Newcastle are preparing to submit a lucrative offer to pip Tottenham and Brentford to the signature of Christian Eriksen ahead of next season, according to reports. The 30-year-old has turned plenty of heads with his impressive performances for the Bees since joining on a six-month contract in January but will be a free agent upon the expiry of his current deal in the summer. Eriksen has emerged as a fan favourite at Brentford after chipping in with a goal and an assist in the Premier League but could be on the move once again if he decides to seek a new challenge at the end of the season. Tottenham are said to be weighing up the idea of bringing him back to north London for a second spell at the club but are set to face stiff competition from Newcastle in the race for his services, according to The Northern Echo.The report claims that Newcastle will offer Eriksen a 'significant increase' to his current wage at Brentford, who are still hoping to keep the midfielder on their books for at least another season. The Magpies have no shortage of money to spend following their recent Saudi-led takeover and will reportedly be looking to match or better any offers made by Tottenham or the Bees for Eriksen this summer.Newcastle chiefs are said to have identified the Dane as a potential flagship signing to kickstart a large-scale recruitment drive in advance of next season. Those in command at St James' Park are believed to be wary of the need to adhere to Financial Fair Play regulations, which suggests that the opportunity to land Eriksen on a free transfer would be particularly appealing. JUST IN: Ten Hag's potential plan for Ronaldo as he looks to adopt Ajax method It remains to be seen whether Eriksen will be tempted by the idea of a move to Newcastle, who are now all but guaranteed to achieve Premier League survival after staving off the threat of relegation over the last few months. However, the lure of a return to Tottenham could be an attractive prospect for the Brentford man after spending over six years at the club prior to joining Inter Milan back in 2020.Eriksen's current employers will also be hoping to tie him down to a new longer-term contract in order to boost their hopes of staying in the Premier League once again at the next time of asking. Brentford manager Thomas Frank recently insisted that he is not too worried about what the future may hold for Eriksen in spite of the threat of losing him to a bigger club over the coming months. "I know Christian quite well and one thing he’s good at is just enjoying the moment, and I think he’s enjoying it even more," Frank told reporters earlier this month. "So we are not thinking too much of what is going to happen in two or three months’ time."I’m just very pleased he’s playing for us. It’s no secret that I want him to continue next season, I know Christian is enjoying his football and really enjoying being back. I know I will have to answer these questions until the end of the season, so let’s see what will happen." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here