Boxing metaphors sprayed around by all parties before and after Sunday’s epic clash between Manchester City and Liverpool did, for once, not feel overblown. And the verdict of honourable draw left most satisfied. But after that thrilling exchange, the hope is now on, for neutrals as well as fans, that the season will not get just one rematch but two. No one has to wait long for Man City-Liverpool II with the pair clashing at Wembley this Saturday in the FA Cup semi-final. However it is the prospect of a season finale in Paris on May 28, played until one hits the canvas, that is not just a date to circle in the diary but worth walking to from either the Etihad or Anfield. That third collision will come if Pep Guardiola’s men can keep Atletico Madrid at arm’s length in the Spanish capital. They will then have to negotiate what is most likely to be Madrid’s other giant Real in the semi-final unless Chelsea can turn around a 3-1 first leg defeat. Liverpool look home and hosed against Benfica with a 3-1 lead to take back to Anfield and would then face Villarreal or Bayern Munich – the Bundesliga club trailing 1-0 from their first leg – to set up an all-Premier League clash in Paris. Few would bet against it happening even if no one at City is allowing themselves to focus anywhere but the next game. Kevin De Bruyne celebrated a magnificent individual display with a trip to McDonalds on Sunday evening – indicative of a group not prone to premature celebration. Asked whether he would allow himself to think about what is to come, he said: “Even if you wanted to, you don't have the time to think about it. Monday is a recovery day, Tuesday we leave for Madrid and it is the same for the FA Cup game. “It would have been nice to think about the end of the season but you don't get the time. That is maybe a good thing because you just play, play, play and then we will see what happens.” City face a huge four days starting in Madrid. After Saturday’s FA Cup showdown at Wembley it will be back to the league with Brighton at home next Wednesday the first of seven remaining games. Win them all and a fourth title under Guardiola is theirs. “It's very easy to say to win all the games but I never thought that whoever won this game would be the one that automatically wins the title,” said De Bruyne. “The schedule is so hard for both clubs, the games come thick and fast and the quality of the Premier League is so high. It's going to be a massive challenge. “Regardless of the result here at the Etihad, the title race was always going to go until the end. We are aware of Liverpool’s quality, their level and that they are going to push us until the end.” Neutrals will hope that end comes on May 28.