Prime Minister Boris Johnson has endured a difficult time of things in April, owing to new developments in the ongoing “partygate scandal”. The 57-year-old will soon be the subject of an inquiry by a parliamentary committee following a Government announcement that he had been fined by the Metropolitan Police for a breach of Covid rules. According to YouGov, Mr Johnson’s current approval rating stands at 29 percent - correct as of April 7. The score is one percentage point lower than what he had previously managed in March. In comparison, the number of people who think he’s doing “badly” in his role as PM grew by two percentage points to 65 percent.  READ MORE: ZERO dinghies detected just days after Rwanda scheme unveiled The research for Mr Johnson’s latest rating was conducted before it was revealed he had been fined for attending an illegal gathering at Downing Street which celebrated his birthday. As a result, there’s a reasonable chance that the PM’s popularity with the public today is significantly lower. During their survey, the company asked participants: “Do you think that Boris Johnson is doing well or badly as Prime Minister?” Each person could then answer either ‘well’, ‘badly’, or ‘don’t know’.  The number of individuals who gave the final option as their answer fell by one percentage point to six percent. In total, between 1,623 and 3,326 British adults were surveyed as part of the research. Prior to his April score, Mr Johnson had been riding a wave of momentum that had seen his approval rating grow from 22 percent (January) to 30 percent (March). Indeed, when the PM’s rating increased to 25 percent, in February, it was the first time since May 6, 2021, that his score had not sunk lower than the previous month.  DON'T MISS: 'Get your facts right!' Charlie Mullins slaps down Owen Jones for 'laz [WATCH]Election POLL: Do you back Boris Johnson ahead of local elections?  [POLL]RAF emergency: Chinook helicopter sends 7700 ‘squawk code’ over Exeter [NEWS] Though Mr Johnson’s rating had shown green shoots of recovery he has still been battling to win back public support following accusations he attended several Downing Street parties, which took place under Covid lockdown measures. After being fined for attending one of these several weeks ago MPs voted to approve an inquiry by the Privileges Committee into whether the PM knowingly misled the House of Commons. Once the Met have concluded their own investigation into the gatherings the inquiry will be allowed to begin.  The saga, which has rumbled on now for several months, has helped to erode public faith in Mr Johnson, handing the advantage to Labour leader, Sir Keir Starmer. But despite initially growing his lead over the PM, Sir Keir’s own approval rating has now fallen below Mr Johnson’s. Currently, it stands at 27 percent, which represents a decrease of five percentage points since March. Elsewhere, the number of participants who disapprove of the job Sir Keir is doing as Labour leader grew 46 to 53 percent. 