Musk, a self-declared “free speech absolutist”, recently rocked the world of social media by making an audacious bid to buy the microblogging site. However, in an interview with Americano Media, the former US President said he “probably” wouldn’t be interested and instead wanted to focus on his own Truth social app.  He said: “We're doing a big platform right now. So probably wouldn't have any interest. “You know, Twitter has become very boring.” “They've gotten rid of a lot of their good voices on Twitter, a lot of conservative voices and it used to be a war on Twitter, but it was a very interesting war. “You know, it'd be a war mental mentally ... we had some pretty good fights.  “And we would go after the progressives - I call them the unprogressives because they're actually unprogressive. “But we'd be fighting back and forth and it was great stuff. “Now it's boring and friends of mine tell me that Twitter is not the same place. It's a very boring place right now.” Trump’s Truth Social app launched in February. However, the number of downloads has declined. READ MORE: Putin humiliated again as Ukraine destroys 'backbone of Russian army' It also lacks an app for Android phones, a model that is preferred by two-thirds of his supporters. Mr Trump has yet to make any significant use of his account on Truth Social while he is still embroiled in legal battles with Twitter, Facebook and Google in order to restore his accounts. The New York-born billionaire was banned by Twitter last year after he allegedly incited protesters to storm the US Capitol building on January 6 in order to stop US lawmakers confirming the result of the 2020 US Presidential election. However, Mr Trump’s comments come after it emerged that Mr Musk had offered to buy Twitter for $43billion (almost £33billion). DON'T MISS:   Putin plunged into crisis as Russia Orthodox churches turns on Kremlin [REVEAL] Huge oil tanker explodes near Hong Kong as one dead and six injured [INSIGHT] Germany shamed over 'ridiculous' Russian gas claim [SPOTLIGHT]  In his financial filling, the Tesla CEO and SpaceX founder claimed the social media giant could not promote free speech in its current form. He said: “I believe free speech is a societal imperative for a functioning democracy,' he said in his financial filing. “I now realise the company will neither thrive nor serve this societal imperative in its current form.” Later in the day, during an onstage interview at the TED 2022 conference, the South African-born billionaire went further. He said: “Having a public platform that is maximally trusted and broadly inclusive is extremely important to the future of civilisation.” 