The Carters remembered the life of Tina Carter (played by Luisa Bradshaw-White) at her funeral on Monday's emotional instalment of EastEnders. During the episode, Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) made her long-awaited return to Albert Square to pay her respects. However, she was left seething when her former flame Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) was being comforted by Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks). Could Linda be about to do something she will live to regret? Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) paid a touching tribute to her late sister during the service. After listening to Shirley's heartfelt words, Mick attempted to share his but he soon became overwhelmed with emotion in front of everyone in attendance. Watching as Mick struggled to catch his breath, Janine rushed over to support and comfort him. While Mick sobbed onto Janinie's shoulder, Linda was left reeling with anger as Janine is the woman who encouraged her to divorce Mick. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... A furious Linda stormed out of the funeral service in tears before she was confronted by her daughter Nancy (Maddy Hill). Nancy fumed: "Are you seriously making this about you? Today is about Tina. "You could see that he was struggling up there and you could have just gone up and given him a hug but you can't do it can you, not even on a day like today." However, an upset Linda was quick to defend herself and told her daughter she had given her life to Mick and his family despite all the pain they have caused.   Linda exclaimed: "I am still here for him and what do I get for it? That woman showed me up and nobody batted an eyelid. "I might be a lot of things Nancy but I don't deserve that." Linda's words caused Nancy to break down and the former landlady left the service to be by herself. In a moment of desperation, Linda took a swig of Vodka from a bottle that was tucked away in her handbag as she continued to cry about Mick outside the church. DON'T MISS...Denise Van Outen shares advice from June Brown in touching tribute [TRIBUTE]Piers Morgan shares heartache over June Brown after Life Stories chat [LATEST]June Brown dead: Why BBC icon quit EastEnders after 35 years [EXPLAINER]   It is clear that Linda still has strong feelings for Mick and never expected him to move on with Janine during her time away from Albert Square. Does Mick want to be with Janine for the foreseeable future or is there a chance he will try and patch things up with Linda? Could a heartbroken Linda do the unthinkable and kill Janine in a jealous rage if her drinking spirals of out control and Mick stands by Janine? Janine may have to sleep with one eye open while Linda is still in the area.  Linda actress Kellie recently opened up on her character's return to the soap for the funeral. She admitted her character was "dreading" being reunited with Mick after "putting on a front" for so long. “I think she's very hurt and I think she's actually terrified of the future and what it might look like for her,” the soap star told Digital Spy. EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One. 