A middle-aged, unmarried man always trying to hang out with teenagers and appear trendy was just the sort of person parents warn kids about. That Savile became a fixture in BBC schedules for decades is a permanent stain on the name and reputation of the Corporation. That he was a friend, confidant and adviser to Prince Charles is a scandal detailed in Netflix documentary A British Horror Story. It raises serious questions about the heir to the throne's powers of perception and judgment of character. Savile was the last person Charles should have asked about anything - let alone how the monarchy might improve its public image. Savile was a wrong 'un. That was obvious long before he died in 2011, when the full horror of his abuse of at least 1,000 mainly youngsters, many hospitalised or handicapped, began to emerge. I worked at the BBC when Savile swaggered down its corridors. It was painfully obvious that he should never have been given house room. Letting him into a studio full of teenagers thrilled by the heady excitement of being on Top of The Pops was tantamount to letting the fox into the hen house. I think bosses didn't want to know they were harbouring a sexual predator. I had no such doubts on the two occasions I came into close contact. Sent to interview him, I observed the way he concentrated his attention on the most shy and plain young girls, encouraging them to kiss him on the cheek or lips. It was sickening. Trying to impress, he insisted I ride in his Rolls- Royce. I might have been impressed but for all the sweet papers and the colour, white, like a wedding car. He talked exclusively about his charity work. Had I pointed out that virtue is its own reward, he would have missed the point. Savile was an egotist. If he could not overwhelm people with his phoney charm, he became very defensive. when I questioned him about his wealth and his motivation for working with young people, he declined to answer and then became aggressive. Later, I appeared on Jim'll Fix It. I concluded the show was as phoney as the tin medal he gave me on behalf of a firm that helped with an item. I wrote to Dame Janet Smith, the ex-High Court judge who conducted the BBC's internal inquiry into the Savile scandal. on Top of The Pops nights, I told her, teenagers under 16 crowded into the BBC Club where cannabis smoke hung in the air. There were no checks on admission. Outrageous behaviour was the norm. Young girls drinking rum and Cokes were known as the Bacardi Bandits. If anyone had been brave enough to object to young girls being propositioned and even sexually assaulted in plain sight, their protests would have been in vain as the club had nobody invigilating. Dame Janet concluded there was hardly a BBC premises where Savile did not commit a serious sex assault. He was in his element in the club. One thing that could happen now, and which would make a difference 11 years after his death, would be a public statement from Charles expressing his sincere regret that he ever allowed himself to be deceived by Savile, with his hope that Savile's victims would recover from their trauma - as far as that can ever be possible.