During the Covid pandemic, diabetes care has reportedly been "pushed to the back of the queue", according to leading charity Diabetes UK. While services are overwhelmed, you still need to book a doctor's appointment if you notice signs of the condition. When blood sugar spikes, you may notice yourself going to the toilet more often – especially during the night when you would rather be sleeping. The condition can also lead to excessive thirst that is unquenchable, and increased hunger. High blood sugar may leave you feeling sluggish, and eyesight might become blurred here and there. Any cuts or wounds you may get could seemingly take a long time to heal properly. The presence of excess sugar is also a breeding ground for fungal species, which can lead to recurrent episodes of thrush. The NHS advised anybody experiencing thrush more than four times in 12 months to seek a doctor's appointment. READ MORE: Sleep deprivation impairs driving 'comparable to alcohol intoxication' – health risks The warning signs of thrush in women: Thrush symptoms in men: People who are suspicious of type 2 diabetes should request a blood test to check for blood sugar levels. Sarita Gandhi, who was first diagnosed when she was 56, recalled how – before the diagnosis – she would feel "really tired and sleepy". "I didn’t think anything of it as I was trying to juggle work and caring for my three children," Gandhi said. "My husband’s mother had dementia and was also starting to get more ill, so I put how I was feeling down to a combination of stress and family life. "It was only when my husband suggested I go to the doctor that I started to think there might be another reason." Prescribed metformin, the diabetes medication worked for a while, but six years down the line, the doctor suggested to Gandi that she would benefit from taking insulin. Managing high blood sugar levels People who have diabetes need to be aware go their carbohydrate portions and how they affect blood sugar levels. Moreover, partaking in physical exercise is crucial in maintaining a healthy weight and stabilising blood sugar levels. "Remember to take your insulin and other diabetes medication, and always take them correctly," Diabetes UK noted. People are encouraged to have an annual diabetes health check at their local GP surgery. Managing high blood sugar levels People who have diabetes need to be aware go their carbohydrate portions and how they affect blood sugar levels. Moreover, partaking in physical exercise is crucial in maintaining a healthy weight and stabilising blood sugar levels. "Remember to take your insulin and other diabetes medication, and always take them correctly," Diabetes UK noted. People are encouraged to have an annual diabetes health check at their local GP surgery. If you experience blood sugar levels of 10mmol and above on a regular basis, do contact your diabetes healthcare team. The NHS stated: "A free education course for type 2 diabetes can help you manage your condition." People are able to register online to the diabetes healthy living course here.