Britain's Got Talent is the family-friendly show which sees literally anyone and everyone getting up on the London Palladium stage to showcase their talents, good or bad. Presenters Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly are back to oversee proceedings with the judges at hand with their red buzzers as well as that all-important golden buzzer to send acts straight through to the semi-final. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about watching Britain's Got Talent. Britain's Got Talent season 15 will premiere on Saturday, April 16, at 8pm on ITV. The episode will run for one hour and 25 minutes, following the first set of auditions which took place back in January. This will be followed by a second round of auditions that are going to be shown on Easter Sunday, April 17, at 7.35pm. For the next few weeks, episodes are going to air weekly on both Saturdays and Sundays. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames A Britain's Got Talent will see the return of the judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams giving their verdict on each act that comes before them. From magicians and dog acts, to singers and ventriloquists, contestants are given just 90 seconds to show off their skills in the hope that their audience is impressed. If not, then they will hear the dreaded buzzer ringing in their ears game over. If they hear four, it's game over. So who is going to fail to impress and who will rise to the occasion and win a standing ovation? Talking about missing out on a year of BGT for the first-time in the show's history due to the pandemic, judge Simon Cowell said: "As much as I didn’t want to not make the show last year, we just couldn’t at that point, it would have been literally impossible. "We had to stop it at the last moment – it was a difficult decision to make but it was the right one. "I think off the back of that, when we did all get back together, we realised how much we enjoy making the show. "We did miss each other, we get on and work well together." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass forced to turn killer again  [THEORY]'Over it!' Amanda Holden, 51, announces she's quitting music [EXPLAINER]Amanda Holden talks future of Britain's Got Talent '20 more years' [CAST] When Britain's Got Talent does return, there will be a new feature introduced called Golden Moments. This will see unsuspecting individuals in the audience take to the stage to audition without any prior practice. Their families or friends have secretly applied on their behalf because they think they've got what it takes to entertain the crowd. As audience members are thrown into the deep end, are they going to sink or swim when it comes to actually performing? The latest winner of BGT was Ant and Dec's Golden Buzzer act Jon Courtenay in the 2020 series. The comedian and musician won the hearts of the nation with his touching tributes to his dad and wife. 