The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will travel to The Hague next week to attend the Invictus Games, a sporting event founded by Prince Harry for military veterans in 2014. The couple’s decision to attend the Games, which begin on Saturday, April 16, has been attacked by palace insiders after Harry claimed it was “too dangerous” to travel to the UK. Meghan and Harry did not join the Royal Family at the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service last month. No reason was given for the couple’s planned absence but the decision came amid Harry’s ongoing legal battle over security arrangements in the UK. Ken Wharfe, an ex-Met officer who once provided security for Harry, told MailOnline: “I’m baffled about why Harry thinks he would be safer in the Netherlands than the UK. “He would have travelled to his grandfather’s memorial service with his brother or father and received protection from the Met. It’s not like he would have been turning up at Westminster Abbey on a bike.” He added: “The Dutch police will be doing their own security assessments and liaising with Harry's private security. “But [in] my view it is more of a risk to go to Holland to support a charity with a military link than coming to London last week”. A spokesman for Harry and Meghan said: “We take measures based on the security threat level.” A source told MailOnline that Meghan could join Harry on stage during the opening ceremony of the Games. They suggested there “would be a big surprise to launch the event”. They continued: “Meghan is excited to travel with Harry for the event, which is certainly close to his heart.” The couple is expected to arrive in The Netherlands on Friday, travelling from their home in Montecito, California. The Mirror reported that the couple will be followed by a film crew throughout the Games for a Netflix docu-series, Heart of Invictus. The couple moved across the Atlantic in 2020 after stepping back from royal duties and have not visited the UK together since. Harry has returned twice, to attend his grandfather’s funeral in Windsor and to unveil the statue of his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales. So what do YOU think? Should Prince Harry and Meghan Markle go to Holland after snubbing the UK? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.