Grace season two premieres on ITV this evening (April 24) with the first of four murder mysteries. Titled Looking Good Dead, the episode follows Roy Grace (played by John Simm) and his team as they investigate the sudden death of a former schoolteacher. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who will be joining the main cast of the TV series. Joining the regular group of detectives is DS Norman Potting, an old-school cop. The veteran officer is played by Craig Parkinson, a 46-year-old actor and podcaster. The husband and father is known for his roles in Misfits, Whitechapel and Line of Duty.  Sophie is under threat as someone plans to murder the Bryce family. She is played by Christina Chong, a 38-year-old actress who has appeared in Black Mirror, Line of Duty and Doctor Who.  Zack finds a USB stick on a train and tries to return it to its rightful owner. Yet in the process, he witnesses a vicious murder. Zack is played by Amit Shah, a 40-year-old actor who has starred in The Courier and Ordinary Love.  Andy Gilney is played by James Tarpey, a 28-year-old actor known for The World's End and After Hours. He is also an avid skateboarder and guitarist. READ MORE: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview Janie is a trainee lawyer who finds herself on the wrong side of someone dangerous. She is played by Kristy Philipps, known for her roles in Big Boys, Cleaning Up and Halfway.  Martin Broom is played by Michael D Xavier, a 44-year-old actor and singer. He is best known for starring in theatre shows including Into The Woods and Love Story.  Rufus Fletcher is played by Mitchell Hunt, perhaps best known for playing Kyle Bigsby in Hollyoaks. He has also starred in Mr Selfridge and joined the cast of EastEnders as Matt Clarkson.  Chris Webb is played by Alex Price, a 36-year-old actor and father of one. He is known for playing Sid Carter in Father Brown and starred in Penny Dreadful. Verity Cantlie is played by Cassie Clare, an actress, dancer and singer. She has also worked as a model for various fashion campaigns. The star has featured in The Bisexual, Delicious and The Witcher.  Reginald D'Eath is portrayed by Owen Roberts, an actor and writer known for Drunk History: UK. Sidney Kean stars as Mr Seiler, and he is a 71-year-old actor and married father of two. His career has spanned across 50 years and he is known on both stage and screen. His notable credits include The Fear and The Bill.  Elaine Dupont is played by Sally Edwards, known for her roles in Doctors, Casualty, The Bill and Attachments. DON'T MISS... Charlene White suggests Harry's 'protection' remark aimed at Andrew [VIDEO]Coronation Street theory: Yasmeen Nazir's seret illness uncovered [THEORY] Simon Cowell speaks on shaking up BGT judging panel [INSIGHT] William Andrews plays Joe Tindall and he is a 44-year-old actor and comedian. He has starred in Anna and Katy, Broadchurch and Gates.  Dr Theobald is played by Henry Miller, an actor and producer who played Morganstaff in Line of Duty. His other credits include Doctors and The Bill.  Otto is played by Callum Coates, who fans may recognise from the second season of Gentleman Jack. He has also guest-starred in Emmerdale, The Crown, EastEnders and Outlander.  Steven Elder plays Philip Stretton and he is an actor and screenwriter known for Good and the King, and Apple Tree Yard. Detective John Rye is played by Darren Tighe, a 49-year-old actor known for 24 Hour Party People. His other credits include Casualty, The Bill and The Visit.  David Lee is played by Matt Barkley, an actor who has starred in Uncharted, Doctors and Jeepers Creepers: Reborn.  Joolz is played by Boo Golding, who has just finished filming for the miniseries Inside Man.  Lauren O'Neil plays Claire and she is known for her roles on stage and screen. She has previously starred in Silent Witness and Midsomer Murders.  Other guest stars include: Erridge - Nicholas Khan Ricky - Louis Boyer Anton - Austin Hardiman Mandy - Robyn Ashwood Danni Brown - Katie Brayben Carl Smith - James Barriscale  Grace returns to ITV on Sunday at 8pm