Freedom of religion in China has been a major issue for some time as the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) becomes increasingly authoritarian. In its 2021 report, the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) identified: “Despite the Vatican-China agreement on Bishop appointments, Chinese authorities continued to harass, detain, and torture underground Catholic bishops—such as Cui Tai and Huang Jintong—who refuse to join the state-backed Catholic association. "They also harassed, detained, arrested, and imprisoned members of Protestant house churches who refuse to join the state-sanctioned ‘Three-Self Patriotic Movement.’” It added: “The government also continued to demolish both Catholic and Protestant church buildings and crosses under its ‘sinicisation of religion’ campaign.” In October last year, Apple took down a Bible app and a Quran app in China at the request of Chinese officials. Apple directed the BBC to its Human Rights policy, which says: "We're required to comply with local laws, and at times there are complex issues about which we may disagree with governments and other stakeholders on the right path forward. " The Quraan Majeed app was reported to have over five million downloads on the Google Play Store at the time while the Bible app by Olive Tree has just over one million. The developer of the Quran Majeed app told Insider: "According to Apple, our app Quran Majeed has been removed from the China App Store because it includes content that is illegal in China as determined by the CAC, which is not in compliance with the App Store Review Guidelines. "We are trying to get in touch with CAC and relevant Chinese authorities to get this issue resolved as we had close to a million users for our app in China that have been impacted." While restrictions on religious freedom is a longstanding problem, in recent years, the CCP has become more hostile toward religion and initiated campaigns to undermine Islam, Tibetan Buddhism, and Christianity to rid the country of what it deems “foreign" influences. The 2018 Revised Regulations on Religious Affairs effectively ban “unauthorised" religious teaching and expand the role of local authorities in controlling religious activities. In 2019, religious freedom conditions in China continued to deteriorate. Back then, the Chinese government continued in its installation of surveillance cameras with facial recognition and artificial intelligence to monitor religious minorities. READ MORE: Story of Jesus Christ was a HOAX 'designed to control the people' And a new regulation requiring religious venues to have legal representatives and professional accountants also came into effect. Some smaller religious venues, especially in rural areas, found these requirements impossible to fulfil. Islam is another religion which has been brutally curtailed in China, with Uighur Muslims currently the target of a genocide. Human rights groups have raised concerns over concentration camps in the north-western province of Xinjiang. They believe China has detained more than one million Uighurs against their will over the past few years in a large network of what the state calls "re-education camps", and sentenced hundreds of thousands to prison terms. There is also evidence that Uighurs are being used as forced labour and of women being forcibly sterilised. DON'T MISS Christianity crackdown in North Korea as Kim sends out death squads Jesus Christ’s birth story questioned as Biblical accounts conflict Archaeologist stunned at discovery of Jesus' 'childhood home' Some former camp detainees have also alleged they were tortured and sexually abused. China denies all allegations of human rights abuses in Xinjiang, claiming its system of "re-education" camps are there to combat separatism and Islamist militancy in the region. Beijing has also been accused of targeting Muslim religious figures and banning religious practices in the region, as well as destroying mosques and tombs. There are about 12 million Uighurs, mostly Muslim, living in Xinjiang. They speak their own language, which is similar to Turkish, and see themselves as culturally and ethnically closer to Central Asian nations than Han Chinese culture. They make up less than half of the Xinjiang population.