Firefighters rushed to Victoria House Care Centre, an assisted living nursing home in Middlesbrough, to calm the blaze which broke out at around 1am. The casualties, who were all residents, were dashed to A&E in ambulances due to smoke inhalation. The severity of their conditions are not yet known. A 44-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of arson with intent to endanger life and she faces questioning. A spokesman for Cleveland Constabulary said: "Police were called to a care home on Park Road North in Middlesbrough shortly after 1am on Friday by Fire Brigade colleagues who were dealing with a fire on the ground floor. A number of residents were evacuated and a full road closure put in place to allow emergency services to deal with the situation. "Six residents remain in hospital today, receiving treatment for smoke inhalation. A 44 year old woman was arrested on suspicion of arson with intent to endanger life and she faces questioning."  The fire started in one of the resident's rooms on the ground floor, Teesside Live understands. Richard Keyes, director of Key Healthcare which owns the care home, said: "The fire service were called to an incident at one of our care homes, Victoria House, Park Road North, Middlesbrough around 1am on Friday April 29.From the information we believe a fire started in a resident’s room on the ground floor 10 bed unit causing damage to two adjoining bedrooms. "The company emergency procedures were enacted, and we are currently working with the fire service and police. All residents have been accounted for; however, six residents were taken to hospital to be observed for smoke inhalation. "Three units out of four remain operational with some of our residents being re-housed at one of our neighbouring care homes while we assess the situation. The efforts of our staff must be highly commended."  Victoria House Care Home is on Park Road North in Middlesbrough, opposite to Albert Park. It provides nursing and residential care for 68 people across three units. The home caters for people with a physical disability and people with dementia some of whom may need nursing care.  Fire crews continue to investigate the cause of the blaze. A spokesperson for Cleveland Fire Brigade said: "A fire broke out in a ground floor flat at Victoria House Care Centre in Middlesbrough at around midnight last night. Seven fire crews were dispatched to the incident and and were there for around four hours. "Twenty eight people were evacuated from the building or taken to a sister care home nearby, seven people were taken to hospital via ambulance after suffering from suspected smoke inhalation. "Fire crews were again at the scene this morning, dampening it down and investigating the cause of the blaze."   A North East Ambulance Service spokesperson said: "We were called to reports of a fire in Park Road North, Middlesbrough, just after 1am this morning. "We dispatched 13 resources and assessed 30 patients in total. "We transported six to James Cook Hospital and two patients to another address."