St Pancras International, London is experiencing two-hour delays and long queues ahead of the four-day Easter weekend. Photographs from inside the train station show hundreds of passengers waiting to check in to Eurostar’s rail services and travel to Paris and Brussels. Passengers who were advised to arrive early, have been waiting hours to check in at St. Pancras. Many took to Twitter to reveal the situation. Jenny Edwards tweeted: “If you are travelling by #Eurostar be prepared for a very long (almost entirely unmasked) queue in the station. Much quieter when you finally get to the departure lounge.” She later added: “Eurostar queues worst ever. All thro the station. Trains having to be held back til passengers get through checks after hours queuing.” READ MORE: Flight attendant says Starbucks is 'easiest way' to get free upgrade Marcus G said: “St Pancras is rammed with people, eurostar queue snaking out the door underneath and round the lower concourse.” Rabah wrote: “@EurostarUK Queuing system at London St Pancras is chaotic for early trains. Just a massive queue with people leaving at different times. More sensible to have a queue for each train so people with early train don't need to check with staff if they should move up in the queue.” Someone else travelling on the Eurostar said: “Carnage at St Pancras! So busy. Still, on the Eurostar now. Next stop Paris!” Jon B explained his experience: “@Eurostar long queues at St Pancras today but your staff handling them were excellent - we just made our train. Anyone else travelling please take seriously Eurostar's advice to arrive 90 minutes early!” DON'T MISS...Easter holiday hell: Full list of flights and ferries cancelled so far [UPDATED]'Never seen anything like it': No ventilation at Manchester Airport [PICTURES]Simon Calder reveals exactly where BA is cancelling flights - list [EXPERT] Those travelling by rail are not the only ones to experience delays today. Pictures have shown drivers stuck in heavy traffic on the M25 in Surrey, with traffic queuing as far as 26 miles. As a result of the congestion, drivers face up to an hour and a half delays. There are no reports of crashes or accidents on the affected stretch of road as of yet. It comes after the RAC has warned this Easter weekend will be the busiest on record for motorists. It is said over 20 million car journeys will be made by British holidaymakers over the next three days. And those hoping to miss the airport rush have faced queueing chaos at Manchester and Birmingham. British Airways’ phone lines were also said to be clogged by eight weeks’ worth of furious customers checking if their flights have been cancelled. Passengers at Terminal 2 of Manchester Airport say they were met with “utterly shambolic” scenes after arriving this morning and having to wait 90-minutes for their luggage. Others said queues for security stretched outside Terminal 1 and into the car park. At Birmingham Airport, passengers complained of waiting in hour-long “fast track” queues for security, despite customers paying at least £4-per-person for the priority service.