The UK has added nine new symptoms of coronavirus to the official list, with many of these similar to symptoms of seasonal allergies, such as hay fever. From a stuffy nose to a sore throat, it might be easy to confuse symptoms of allergies for the virus. So, how can you tell the difference? Though some of the symptoms are similar, COVID-19 has more symptoms that differ from allergies. Previously, the NHS determined symptoms of coronavirus as: READ MORE: Arthritis: Regular tea consumption reduces risk However, since the recent update, there are nine additional common symptoms of COVID-19, including: The NHS notes: "The symptoms are very similar to symptoms of other illnesses, such as colds and flu." DON'T MISSOmicron XE symptoms: What are the signs of new Covid variant [EXPLAINER]Muhammad Ali: Boxing legend's 'extreme' septic shock explained [REPORT]Bill star Chris Ellison's wife addresses his aphasia diagnosis  [INSIGHT] Though Covid and seasonal allergies share some symptoms, such as a runny or stuffy nose, there are also plenty of symptoms which differ. According to the NHS, symptoms of hay fever include: Experts from MayoClinic advised comparing your symptoms to the official lists. MayoClinic explained: "Unlike COVID-19, seasonal allergies aren't caused by a virus. Seasonal allergies are immune system responses triggered by exposure to allergens, such as seasonal tree or grass pollens. "While COVID-19 can cause shortness of breath or difficulty breathing, seasonal allergies don't usually cause these symptoms unless you have a respiratory condition such as asthma that can be triggered by pollen exposure." One of the best ways to confirm you do not have coronavirus is by taking a lateral flow or PCR test. However, these are no longer free on the NHS, unless you fall into a specific category. Lateral flow tests can be purchased in some pharmacies and supermarkets. Lloyds Pharmacy, for example, is selling single tests for £1.89 or a pack of five for £9.29. Tesco Pharmacy has also confirmed it will be selling lateral flow test kits in 1,500 stores across the UK, with prices starting at £2.