Novak Djokovic apologised to his fans for his performance in the 6-0 final set after losing the Serbia Open final to Andrey Rublev. The world No 1 was playing at home in Belgrade and made it all the way to the final where he fought back to win the second but pinned the one-sided final set score to recent illness and admitted he didn’t want to have to retire the match. Djokovic achieved his best result of the season so far by reaching the final in Belgrade. He had been forced to battle from a set down in his three previous matches and looked to be doing the same again when he clinched the second in a tiebreak after Rublev won the first, but the 24-year-old ended up winning the next six games in a row to win the title 6-2 6-7(4) 6-0. The Serb then apologised to his fans and the home supporters for his one-sided performance in the final set, as he failed to win a game. “I didn’t like the feeling towards the end of the second set and basically throughout the third set was similar to what I was experiencing in Monte Carlo,” he said, referencing Davidovich Fokina’s 6-3 6-7(5) 6-1 defeat of him in his opening match in Monte Carlo. Explaining that the one-sided third set may have been a result of a recent illness he suffered ahead of the clay swing, the world No 1 continued: “Whether or not it is due to that illness I had or something like that, I don’t know, probably. I don’t think it really happened like this anywhere in my career. That’s why I think it is related to the illness that I was going through. It was quite tough physically for me. JUST IN: Nadal sends Alcaraz message after Spaniard wins Barcelona Open  “I guess the recovery time is taking a bit longer than I expected. I didn’t feel too tired until the end of the second (set). I came out after a medical timeout and change of clothes to fight for another set. It was not a pleasant thing for people to see on the court and I am very sorry for that but I didn’t want to retire from the match.” Although Djokovic went away in the final set, Rublev was full of praise for the world No 1 after beating him for the first time. “You are one of the strongest tennis players in history. For me, it's an honour to share the court with you,” the world No 8 said. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic could 'boycott' Wimbledon due to 'crazy' Boris JohnsonCarlos Alcaraz makes 'god' statement after Rafael Nadal comparisonUkraine tennis star backs Wimbledon's decision to ban Russian players  “I will never be able to do everything you have done. I hope you can continue playing for so many years, I can’t wait to face you again.” Both Djokovic and Rublev will now play the Masters 1000 events in Madrid and Rome before the French Open. The world No 1 will be attempting to defend his French Open crown while Rublev, who now has a third title for the season, crashed out in the first round to Jan-Lennard Struff last year and will be hoping to gain some ranking points by taking his momentum into Paris and aiming for a deep run. 