Journalist Carole Malone clashed with an acclaimed historian over a debate concerning the education of Prince William and Kate’s children. Historian Dan Snow suggested the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge should send their three young children to state-run schools in order to improve the reputation of the Royal Family.“You’re asking them to use their kids to improve their image,” raged Malone who vehemently disagreed with the historian’s proposal. “Yes, which is exactly what the Queen and Prince Phillip did by sending their kids to Gordonstoun,” asserted Mr Snow. The historian asserted Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh had sent their children to a public boarding school in order to break the royal stigma. “No, they sent them to Gordonstoun because it was tradition,” argued Malone. The journalist was adamant it was expected for Royal children to attend the independent school. Mr Snow explained, “they had never been educated in schools before, they were homeschooled.” The enrolment of Prince Charles and several succession royal children at Gordonstoun, therefore, broke royal tradition and improved the understanding of the royal education process among the public.  Speaking as a guest on Jeremy Vine’s television show, Dan Snow assured Malone it was customary for Royals to use their children to enhance their own public image. “Monarchs have reinvented themselves all the time,” argued Snow. He continued: “everything Royals do whether we like it or not is inherently political.” Prince George and Princess Charlotte, the primary school age children of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, both currently attend a prestigious private school in Battersea. Read more: Kate 'will be taking notes' during first-ever joint visit with Anne Mr Snow argued the royal couple should consider moving their children into state education in order to improve the royal image. He argued the strategic move by the Duke and Duchess would benefit their reputation if the British monarchy came under criticism. “I suspect there will be a referendum on the future of the monarchy,” speculated Mr Snow. He asserted the shift in educational practice would not cause alarm as “monarchs have reinvented themselves all the time.” Don't miss: Meghan and Harry 'underestimated' life without royal platform [REPORT]Prince Charles branded 'very selfish' by Meghan Markle biographer  [REVEAL]Sophie Wessex leaves Edward in stitches in hilarious snap [INSIGHT] Ms Malone continued to criticise the suggestions of the historian. “You have one opinion for Royal’s kids and one opinion for yours,” she sniped. “I’m not a Royal,” Snow defended. He argued a strategic move by Prince William and Kate surrounding their children's education could revolutionise the monarchy and increase public support. “Royals have used their children - that’s what children are for,” he asserted, “they’re there to be used.”   