Mr Tice explained the increasingly hostile backlash Mr Johnson was receiving from MPs in Parliament over his behaviour. Due to the Partygate scandal many MPs and Britons alike, have become mistrustful of the current Government. Mr Tice discussed how Mr Johnson had not decreased tax but increased it for citizens in the UK. He also touched on the cost of living crisis, and how Boris was failing to read the room in terms of what the British public needed, as many have begun to suffer due to poverty as they struggle to make National Insurance payments and payments for energy. Mr Tice told GB News: "I don't think at all actually, to be honest, I don't think he was at all persuasive. "He's had a very difficult session Keir Starmer and Ian Blackford I think made life very uncomfortable for him. "It was a massive difference between what the majority of the Tory MPs are doing in supporting the Prime Minister and public opinion. "And I think in a couple of week's time, the public has the first chance to express the view, and I think that will be crystal clear and not in favour. JUST IN: Energy crisis: Sunak tipped to scrap £153 green levy: 'Millstone around necks!' Mr Tice added: "It's quite clear that there is no prosperity going on in the United Kingdom. "We have the cost of living crisis, we have an energy crisis and we have a Government that is completely misreading how difficult life is for everybody. "They've got the opportunity to cut taxes to create growth, they're not. "They're raising taxes, they've got the opportunity to use our own treasure our own shell gas, they're not doing that. "And I think over the coming months the public will express an increasing view that this Government is completely out of touch."  READ MORE: Five men arrested after 'rival gang' shooting in broad daylight     Addressing MPs following the Easter break, Boris Johnson said: "I take this opportunity on the first available sitting day to repeat my wholehearted apology to the House (of Commons).  