Hybrid vehicles were once seen as the fuel type to help bridge the gap between petrol and diesel cars and electric vehicles, but now have been branded an “unnecessary distraction”. Aidan McClean, founder and CEO of UFODRIVE, Europe’s largest all electric car hire company, has slammed hybrid cars, saying they are hindering the progress towards complete electrification. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: "Some might say they may be marginally better for the environment. “Even if we say for argument's sake that this is true, it is their position within the market and the impact on the consumer that makes their overall impact still negative. "They are a placebo, and an unnecessary distraction from going full electric and seeing real, measurably positive impacts for carbon emissions and therefore the climate. “If people go hybrid, they think they may not need to go fully electric as they are ‘doing their bit’ – without doing very much at all. READ MORE: UK needs 'dyed in the wool EV evangelist' to stop the charging crisis “Although the warm feeling of complacency when you make the ethical choice is no bad thing, when this feeling is misplaced, it just distracts and further delays significant, valuable changes.” The UK Government remains firm in its stance to ban the sale of all new petrol and diesel vehicles by 2030, with a ban on hybrids coming in 2035. In a 2021 report, the Government said that full hybrids and plug-in hybrids play a “key role” in helping consumers adapt to zero emission driving. As part of the “10 point plan for a green industrial revolution”, the Government announced step two will see all new cars and vans be fully zero emission at the tailpipe from 2035. DON'T MISSHolidaymakers’ cars left in muddy fields [SHOCKING]E10 petrol change may cost drivers £300 extra a year - 'real blow' [WARNING]Driver slams 'hefty' £100 fine for flicking cigarette out of window [INSIGHT] The European Union has also proposed an effective ban on all non-electric vehicles by 2035. This comes as Germany looks to be ending its subsidies for plug-in hybrid cars by the end of this year and cut a cash bonus for electric vehicles by a third from 2023, according to Bloomberg. Aidan McClean, who authored “Electric Revolution: Myths and truths about electric vehicles and the climate disaster”, said electric vehicles need to be prioritised. He said: "There is only a limited amount of electric charge points out there – and even less of those rapid charging points so vital to the electrification of our roads and motorways, and therefore the green transition. “When EVs use charge points, they are using what limited resources real EVs need. Range anxiety is a common, and often misplaced, fear of going electric. “Building more charge points is vital, and we don’t nearly have enough, but if they are being used by cars that have an internal combustion engine, and let’s not forget have negligible, if any, positive impacts on the environment, they are reducing the operational capacity of our electric infrastructure.” Honda announced it would push ahead with hybrid technology vehicles, even though they were the first Japanese carmaker to declare a phaseout from petrol and diesel cars. Honda currently only has one electric vehicle on the market, trailing Volkswagen and other global players. It said it would rely on its hybrid models with a petrol-electric system until the infrastructure was ready to support more EVs on the roads. Manufacturing giant Stellantis said all vehicle models available in Europe will be hybrid or all electric by 2025, while Volvo expects sales to be 100 percent fully electric by 2030. Mr McClean added: “Every time a potential EV owner who’s looking at going electric sees charging points taken, they may think to themselves – ‘best not get an EV yet’. “Fiction: Hybrid cars are better for the environment, and a good necessary transition to electric cars. “Fact: Hybrids offer just a tiny, inconsequential positive climate impact. “Hybrid cars are slowing the transition to full EVs by misleading consumers and blocking public charging infrastructure necessary for full battery electric cars. “Hybrid car technology is now irrelevant.”