UPDATE: After around two hours of service disruption the issues affecting Yahoo Mail today appear to be resolved. Reports of issues with Yahoo Mail recorded by outage monitor Down Detector have plummeted indicating whatever was causing problems for users has now been resolved. ORIGINAL: Yahoo Mail down reports are surging in today with users in the UK reporting widespread problems with the popular email client. Independent outage monitor Down Detector has recorded a spike in Yahoo Mail down reports which began after 7pm UK time today. At the time of writing Down Detector UK has registered a peak of almost 10,000 reports of Yahoo Mail down. According to Down Detector stats, the vast majority of affected Yahoo Mail users are experiencing login problems as well as issues sending and receiving email. As the reported Yahoo Mail issues hit users took to social networking site Twitter to talk about the problems they were facing. One tweeted: "@yahoomail yahoo mail is down and I cannot login or access my emails! Please sort this asap". While another posted: "Ugghh Yahoo mail is down. Might have to swallow my pride and switch to Gmail".  One added: "Yahoo mail down". And another wrote: "Looks like Yahoo Mail is down". When reports of the outage first hit the official Yahoo Care support Twitter account has was busy responding to queries from users who were experiencing issues tonight. The @YahooCare Twitter asked affected Yahoo Mail users to send them more information and screengrabs of the errors they were receiving to help investigate the issue.  Responding to one affected user the Yahoo support Twitter posted: "I'm sorry to hear about this. Can you please DM me with your Yahoo email address and a screenshot of the error message you receive?" Since then the Yahoo Care Twitter has issued a general comment confirming the service has been hit with issues tonight for "some" users. The @YahooCare account posted: "Some users are experiencing issues with Yahoo Mail. We're aware of this issue and are working to resolve it as quickly as possible. "Thank you for your patience and understanding." According to Down Detector UK, around two thirds (64 percent) of affected Yahoo Mail users are experiencing issues logging into the service, while 22 percent are having problems receiving emails and 14 percent experiencing issues sending messages. More to follow... 