Strictly Come Dancing's head judge Shirley Ballas has taken to Instagram to issue a message of support to professional dancers today, claiming that the industry is in a "dreadful state". The dancer star, 61, said that she had gone to hot pod yoga to relax after starting to feel "anxious" over the "total mess" of the industry before sending her love to her dancing colleagues. In view of her 237,000 followers, Shirley told how she had sought some relaxation after a stressful day. Sitting in a purple-lit room, the star appeared in workout gear as she addressed her fans. Shirley said: "So I've just hit the gym, I mean hot pod yoga today to get rid of a little bit of anxiety." The star went on to claim that she felt anxious due to the "state" of the dancing industry. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show Shirley explained: "It came early today because of the dreadful state my own industry is in. "Letters are going out left right and centre... total mess. "In more than 19 years I think this is the worst I've ever known it. "All in just dreadful," she added. Shirley went on to offer support to her fellow dancers, before advising them to also take up yoga. She said: "Anyway my heart goes out to all the dancers that happen to bear witness to where we are at the moment. "Anyway, contact me if anyone's confused or anything like that. "Take care, do some yoga, it helps with the anxiety, I'm so grateful for my hot yoga," she ended her post. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Carol Vorderman issues distressing warning over online abuse [ANALYSIS]Bruce Willis' daughter Scout addresses 'exquisite outpouring of love’ [INSIGHT] The star tagged Blackpool Council in her story. Express.co.uk has contacted Blackpool Council for comment. Shirley's post comes after she paid tribute to her Strictly co-star Aljaz Skorjanec following the news that he's leaving the BBC programme. Speaking to Express.co.uk at the Royal Television Society Awards on Tuesday, the judge shared her thoughts on the Slovenian dancer's exit from the popular show. Shirley said: "I have known Aljaž for a very long time, he is a personal friend of mine and was remarkable on the show." The star tagged Blackpool Council in her story. Shirley's post comes after she paid tribute to her Strictly co-star Aljaz Skorjanec following the news that he's leaving the BBC programme. Speaking to Express.co.uk at the Royal Television Society Awards on Tuesday, the judge shared her thoughts on the Slovenian dancer's exit from the popular show. Shirley said: "I have known Aljaž for a very long time, he is a personal friend of mine and was remarkable on the show."