Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has dispatched club scout Everton Gushiken to Paraguay in order to run the rule over Alexis Duarte and Julio Enciso, according to reports. The Gunners were the Premier League's biggest spenders in pre-season and look set to lead another fruitful recruitment drive over the coming months when the bidding re-opens this summer. Arsenal are said to be following in the footsteps of Manchester City and Real Madrid by scouring the South American market for new players after finding success with Gabriel Martinelli back in 2019. It seems as though Arteta is seriously considering the possibility of bringing Duarte and Enciso to the Emirates Stadium in the near future after sending Gushiken out to watch the pair in their native Paraguay, according to Cronica.It is claimed that Gushiken was in attendance at Sunday's match between Cerro Porteno and Libertad in order to watch Duarte and Enciso go up against each other from the stands. The contest was dominated by Cerro Porteno, who scored four goals without reply to secure a valuable win at the expense of Libertad and Enciso.Gushiken is also said to have been made aware of the financial implications of signing both players during his time in Paraguay. The pair would reportedly cost around £10.8m and are widely regarded as two of the biggest young talents the country has to offer at this moment in time, which suggests that Arsenal could pull off a major coup by bringing them to England at the end of the season. JUST IN: Man Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports The Gunners have reportedly been told to shell out a fee in the region of £3m to land Duarte, who has plenty of room for additional growth at 22 years of age. Meanwhile, Enciso has already won five caps for Paraguay at the age of just 18 and is likely to cost upwards of £7m after scoring ten league goals in as many appearances for Libertad this season.It remains to be seen whether Arsenal will be able to snap up Guarte and Enciso in the summer as they look to use the transfer market to their advantage in advance of next season. Arteta has already insisted that it will be hugely important to get things right over the next few months in order to stand the best chance of mounting a renewed top-four challenge at the next time of asking. "I think now is the moment we have to go to a different level," Arteta recently told Sky Sports. "We have been able to get the squad balance in a much better shape."Financially, we are in a much more stable position with the money we have spent on certain players touching the pitch for a certain amount of minutes. That balance is much better spread out across the squad and now is the moment to raise the quality." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here