Good Morning Britain's Madeley blasted the article by the Mail on Sunday on Monday's instalment, stating he felt he had "slipped back in time". Speaking to Andrew Pierce and Kevin Maguire, the presenter expressed his shock over the claims and the publication of the allegations itself as the journalists agreed the "sexism" should be investigated. "What do we make of this extraordinary story which I couldn't believe when I saw in the Mail on Sunday yesterday?" Madeley asked. "About Angela Rayner, this allegation that from unnamed sources in the Tory Party that she deliberately crosses her legs in order to put Boris Johnson off question time. "I thought I'd maybe slipped back to about 1989, it's so misogynistic." Andrew commented: "Boris has apparently has sent her a handwritten note apparently saying 'this has not come from me, I don't know where it's come from.'"  READ MORE: Esther Rantzen fumes as Queen is criticised for leaning on Andrew He went on: "Look I think she's a terrific, formidable performer, and she's a very attractive woman "We know that Boris likes attractive women, however-" Kevin cut in to say: "It's vile sexism, that is what it is." "And the way it's presented and the Sharon Stone and who was that Tory MP? "Where's that inquiry by Johnson, find out and name te Tory MP - name and shame the Tory MP." It comes as a Mail On Sunday article claimed the MP was trying to "distract" the Prime Minister in the Commons bu crossing and uncrossing her legs. The deputy leader for Labour was accused of "making a gesture" to throw the Prime Minister off. The article stated: "Tory MPs have mischievously suggested that Ms Rayner likes to distract the PM when he is at the dispatch box by deploying a fully-clothed Parliamentary equivalent of Sharon Stone’s infamous scene in the 1992 film Basic Instinct." DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Pete Barton star on 'bad luck' after ITV soap exit [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders theory: Double exit as tragic twist destroys beloved couple [THEORY]Antiques Road Trip expert Irita Marriott 'over the moon’ with profit [VIDEO] Since the publication of the article, MPs from across the political sphere have spoken out about the "misogynistic" claims. Taking to Twitter, Rayner shared: "Women in politics face sexism and misogyny every day - and I’m no different." In a thread of posts, she added: "I stand accused of a “ploy” to “distract” the helpless PM - by being a woman, having legs and wearing clothes. "I am conspiring to “put him off his stride”. The rest I won’t repeat - but you get the picture." As well as her colleagues, several female Conservative MPs have also called out the claims in support of Rayner. MP Caroline Nokes said female MPs are "on receiving end of vile articles", far too often. Andrea Leadsom, former minister, posted on Twitter: "Really sorry Angela. Totally unacceptable comments and reporting." Sir Kier Starmer also condemned the comments, writing: "The sexism and misogyny peddled by the Tories is a disgraceful new low from a party mired in scandal and chaos." The Prime Minister penned: "As much as I disagree with Angela Rayner on almost every political issue, I respect her as a parliamentarian and deplore the misogyny directed at her anonymously today." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 