With the people of France preparing to choose their next president in the ballot boxes on April 24, the race to the Élysée is said to be one of the closest in recent times. Although Mr Macron is set to face off with National Rally leader Maine Le Pen, citizens of the town the incumbent grew up have snubbed their “own child.”  In the first round of elections, the people of Amiens in northern France pushed aside Macron and voted instead for far-left Jean Luc Mélenchon. Results from ballot boxes showed Mr Mélenchon gained 31.27 percent of the town votes, as opposed to 30.05 percent for Mr Macron. Amiens is the capital of the historically war-ravaged Somme, an area synonymous with cataclysmic battles against fanatical imperialists from Germany. Yet as voters now decide whom to vote for next, Mr Mélenchon’s supporters, some 22 percent of the total voting electorate will be key to choosing the next president.  With Mr Macron and Ms Len Pen believed to be polling around 53-47 in favour of the incumbent, undecided voters may hold the key for the victor. With Amiens voting against Mr Macron, and the north of France a traditional stronghold for Ms Le Pen, the notion his own town could once again turn their backs on him and vote for the National Rally candidate is fast becoming a possibility. Last night, Ms Len and Mr Macron took to the airwaves over a two-hour-45 minute televised debate. Topics such as the cost of living, energy, ties with Russia, education, policing and immigration were all fiercely debated by the pair.  READ MORE:'Who is picking up your tab?' Le Pen slams Macron over energy cap Unlike the previous debate in 2017, Ms Le Pen came far more prepared and remained calm and composed throughout the conversation. Such was the performance, it was Mr Macron who appeared the underdog, often interrupting Ms Len as if on the defensive. The challenger reminded viewers of the Yellow Vest protests sparked by Mr Macron’s policies and insisted throughout the debate her priorities were to put France first. On the other hand, Mr Macron pushed hard to remind France of the importance of being in the European Union. Ms Le Pen cleverly stated although she was proud to be European, and France is in Europe, she did not agree with the supranational power of the European Union, which she called a “political institution” instead of a “trading bloc”.  DON'T MISS:Germany whinges that UK hasn't supplied tanks to Ukraine [REPORT]'Russia has a s***ty army!' Oligarch savages Putin [OPINION]Easyjet 11-hour nightmare flight lands back in Bristol [INSIGHT] Polls following the debate still placed Mr Macron ahead of his rival. BFMTV and newspaper L'Express suggested Mr Macron had come out the winner. The vote, carried out by well-known pollsters Elabe, suggests 59 percent of viewers were more convinced by Mr Macron. The sitting president came out on top as the most presidential, 53 percent to 29 percent - but 50 percent of viewers also said he had come across as arrogant. According to a poll by Harris/Challenges, Mr Macron is in a stronger position than other polls may suggest. The results put Mr Macron on 54 percent to Ms Le Pen’s 46 percent in the second round of voting. France’s own IFOP polls put Mr Macron higher at 55.5 pecent to Ms Le Pen’s 44.5. However, many experts suggest the results could deliver a surprise.  With Ms Len contesting her third, and final bid to become the first female president of the Republic, some have compared the potential victory to the Brexit result, and Donald Trump winning the White House. For Mr Macron, it may well be the people of the north of France who decide his fate. Speaking to The Guardian, Jordan Fievez, a resident in the region said he will be voting for Ms Le Pen. He said: “All across the north, people can’t stand it anymore, we’re barely surviving – there has to be change. “Macron is the president of the rich.” 