Defeat to Tyson Fury hasn't diminished Dillian Whyte's hunger to one day be recognised as the best heavyweight in the world. In fact, 'The Body Snatcher' remains "100 per cent" convinced he'll go on to win a world title in the division. Whyte suffered a sixth-round TKO loss when he faced off against 'The Gypsy King' at Wembley on Saturday. The 34-year-old has been defeated in two of his past three fights, having also lost to Alexander Povetkin in shock fashion before avenging the upset. Given that record and the fact he's creeping towards retirement age, most might assume Whyte—whose other loss came against Anthony Joshua—will never hold one of boxing's major belts. But the 28-3 fighter has insisted he knows better, and the latest setback hasn't killed his motivation to become a world-beater before his career is over. "I still want to fight the best," Whyte told Sky Sports. "Listen, win, lose or draw on Saturday, I would have a few more fights against the best guys and then retire. I still want to do the same thing. Nothing has changed. READ MORE: Dillian Whyte breaks silence on Tyson Fury defeat and claims fight was 'close' despite KO  "I don't know what [Deontay] Wilder is doing. I just need to come back and I want to fight everyone I lost to again and try to avenge my losses. One hundred per cent [I can win a world title]. Even he [Fury] himself said it, I will be world champion one day, so let's see." A meeting with the Bronze Bomber could make for an appetising contest after both combatants lost to Fury in their most recent outings. Wilder (42-2-1) was undefeated prior to their trilogy and remains one of the biggest lures in the heavyweight division. DON'T MISSJake Paul demands 'legendary' Mike Tyson fight after 'embarrassing' Tommy Fury displayAnthony Joshua tipped to beat Tyson Fury as Barry Hearn explains how to win £100m fightTyson Fury defends Mike Tyson for hitting fan on plane - 'I'd pay for that myself!' That fixture would also have mass appeal considering both he and Whyte pride themselves on their finishing power. Not to mention the added attraction of a high-profile American opponent would likely mean another substantial payday. Alternatively, someone like Andy Ruiz or a Joseph Parker rematch might appeal, although the former is set to face Luis Ortiz in July. Fury's clash against Whyte could well be the end of the Gypsy King's boxing career, but the loser of that encounter is adamant to fight on. "It's a hard pill to swallow obviously," added Whyte. "At the time, I felt disappointed, because I felt like I disappointed everyone, but now we've calmed down and we've had a think about it, I'm going to have a little break with my family and stuff, and then I'm ready to go again. We don't quit, we just keep going."