Dandelions are British native perennial plants common to roadside verges and lawns. Although they are not the worst weed in the world, having sun-yellow flowers that provide nectar for bees, many gardeners loathe them because they can live on for years and can easily reproduce. Fortunately, gardening experts have shared easy tips that will give gardeners plenty more solutions for tackling these common lawn weeds. Getting the lawnmower out of the shed and cutting the grass regularly during the growing season is one of the simplest and most effective ways for getting rid of dandelions in a lawn, according to one expert. Sandy Reid, Director of Greenkeeping at the St Andrews golf said: “In my experience, dandelions don’t tolerate regular mowing. “Mowing is an especially effective cultural control when the cutting height is 3/4 inches or less.” Gardeners need to ensure they mow the lawn with the bagging attachment on once the dandelions have started setting seed, to ensure the seed is collected and contained. READ MORE: Garden weeds: Use Epsom salt to ‘effectively’ kill weeds - ‘amazing!’ The seedheads are spherical and white. Do not dispose of lawn clippings that contain dandelion seed heads on the compost heap because the seed can live buried for five years. Removing dandelions by hand can also be an effective method for removing these lawn weeds, but the correct weeding technique is vital. The entirety of the very long taproot must be removed, otherwise the plant might regrow. DON'T MISS: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [TIPS]Lawn: How to achieve ‘fantastic’ grass through ‘regular’ mowing [EXPERT]Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less [COMMENT] Peter Landschoot, Professor of Turfgrass Science at Penn State College of Agricultural Sciences said: “If only a few dandelions are present in the lawn, digging out the leaves, crowns, and the taproot from the soil eliminates individual plants.” Early spring is the easiest time to do this before young plants get too big. It’s worth investing in a good quality dandelion weeding tool which is a long metal tool with a sharp fishtail end. To remove the weed, loosen the soil around the deep tap root and pull out gently when gardeners feel that they have the whole root free. In very compacted soil, this may be impossible, so just take out as much as possible. Peter added: “Fill in the holes with soil and plugs of turf to reduce the chances of reinfestation.” Gardeners could also add some compost to boost soil nutrition, in turn preventing more weeds growing. Maintaining grass health is also key in preventing these pesky plants growing in the first place, according to David Hedges-Gower, Chairman of The Lawn Association. He said: “Weeds such as dandelions are rarely found on lawns where grass is the dominant plant. “They’re more often found on very poorly maintained lawns, where grass is not the most dominant. “The first point of weed control is healthy, dense grass of the right species (native) – looking after a lawn well (without herbicides) will give you a dense canopy of grass. “With that approach as the most eco-friendly weed control, dandelions will only ever be a small problem.” If gardeners have a good lawn care regime and their grass seems dense and healthy, a spread of dandelions could be a sign of low calcium levels in the soil.