The Graham Norton Show, which airs on BBC One, is now in its 29th season and the star-studded programme will be returning for a new series later this year. The Irish presenter is also known for hosting the BBC coverage of the Eurovision Song Contest and appearing as a guest judge on Ru Paul's Drag Race UK. Graham, who has paved the way for television entertainment, told Express.co.uk why he believes his talk show continues to be such a hit with viewers and guests alike.  Graham, who grew up in West Cork before moving to London in the 1980s, has appeared on screens for decades and continues to delight audiences with his charming personality and quick wit. His ability to make people laugh with his irreverence was first brought to the stage when he made his debut at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in 1991. The budding actor went on to star in the breakout comedy Father Ted before going on to host his own Channel 4 chat show between 1998 and 2002 called So Graham Norton. By 2007 Graham was hosting The Graham Norton Show on BBC One and interviewing industry heavyweights such as Lady Gaga, Ricky Gervais and Daniel Craig. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Meena Jutla to fall pregnant before she exits   Speaking to Express.co.uk at the Royal Television Society Awards, Graham admitted he was "surprised" to be nominated for the Outstanding Contribution Award. Reflecting on the nomination, the veteran host said: "It’s really nice to be nominated after all these years and it’s nice to be remembered. "Shows tend to go after the bright young people that come along so the fact people are still noticing the Graham Norton Show is nice." When asked what the secret to his talk show's longevity was, the star revealed: "I think what we have tried to do is give guests the best possible time, nothing bad happens, and that gives us the best names."  Over the years, Graham has been joined on the red sofa by the likes of Arnold Schwarzenegger, Judi Dench and David Beckham where they have shared a giggle and a chat about their latest projects. Graham continued: "That's what keeps you going if you are the number one port of call for any big celebs selling stuff." The star was also asked which guests he would like to interview on his show who have not yet appeared on it. He quipped: "I’ve never had Brad Pitt and I don’t think we have ever had Julia Roberts, this could all be b******t, I might have had them, but in my mind, I haven’t." DON'T MISS...Holding creator Graham Norton pokes fun at drama 'It's Irish enough!' [LATEST]Holding: How is the ITV drama different from Graham Norton's book? [EXPLAINER]Shirley Ballas pays tribute to Aljaž Škorjanec as he leaves Strictly [EXCLUSIVE] At the awards ceremony after the red carpet interview, Graham was presented with the gong for outstanding contribution to British television. Graham was meant to receive the prestigious accolade in 2020 but was unable to collect the award due to coronavirus restrictions. The judges described Graham as the face of entertainment on BBC One during the glittering event. A statement from the panel read: "For the last couple of decades Graham has made the BBC his television home, where he seamlessly transitioned from late-night Channel 4 comedian to the primetime ringmaster of the nation’s biggest entertainment events.  "He established himself as Mr Saturday Night when he hosted Andrew Lloyd Webber’s search for the next generation of stage stars with How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria, Any Dream Will Do and I’d Do Anything! and did the same for Cameron Mackintosh with Over The Rainbow and then again with Take That for Let It Shine." They went on to label Graham as "one of the most popular and beloved broadcasters in television today". The Outstanding Contribution Award 2022 went to celebrated screenwriter Jack Thorn who has created some of the most compelling and important pieces of television of the past few years. The Graham Norton Show can be watched on BBC iPlayer. 