 Today, the Grand National’s main event takes place to conclude the world’s most famous steeplechase. Some 40 runners will tackle the daunting obstacles of Aintree’s 30 Grand National fences over a four-and-a-half mile distance. The three-day festival is watched by more than 500 million people spanning 140 countries.   This year, grey horse Snow Leopardess tipped by the bookies to become the first horse to win after having a foal. Meanwhile, reigning Grand National champion Minella Times, who is Rachel Blackmore’s mount, heads the weights among this year’s line up, carrying 11st 10lb. To reclaim a victory on Saturday, he would have to put up the best weight-carrying performance since Red Rum 48 years ago. This year, crowds are also due to return for the first time since Tiger Roll’s triumph in 2019. Read More: Rachael Blackmore's Honeysuckle retains Champion Hurdle crown  The race did not take place in 2020 and went ahead without crowds last year. However, Tiger Roll has been withdrawn from this race, and did not take part last year either due to a dispute over the 12-year-old’s rating. He has since been retired by owner Michael O’Leary without having a shot at winning its third Aintree feature. Red Rum is the only horse to have won three Grand Nationals in the Seventies, and when Tiger Roll triumphed twice in a row there were hopes that he could repeat the same feat.  Just before this year’s Grand National was due to start, Tiger Roll’s breeder Jerry O’Brien praised BHA handicapper Martin Greenwood for giving the two-time victor what he considers to be an accurate rating. Mr O'Brien also slammed the horse’s “self important owner” Mr O’Leary for his criticism of the handicapper. In February, Mr O’Leary claimed that Mr Greenwood “doesn’t want Tiger Roll to run”, after the horse was given a rating of 161. Mr Greenwood had put Tiger Roll on a 2lb higher mark for this year’s National than to when he won comfortably in 2019, a decision which Mr O’Leary labelled as “idiotic” and “absurd”. Don't Miss:Grand National SHOCK: How Aintree horse race was POSTPONED [OPINION]Grand National: How ‘greatest DISASTER of Aintree history' RUINED race[INSIGHT]First female Grand National winner has world at her feet[ANALYSIS]  However, Mr O’Brien has come to Mr Greenwood’s defence, and claimed that Mr O’Leary was merely trying to fuel his “ego”. Mr O’Brien claimed: “As the very fortunate breeder of Tiger Roll, one was absolutely thrilled with the farewell pulsating performance of The Tiger at Cheltenham just passed. “He was so brave under the monsoon conditions and thoroughly vindicated the Aintree weight he was justifiably allocated by Martin Greenwood. “However, the Aintree sagas and spat well publicised were never about Tiger Roll per se.  “Rather The Tiger was being used as a conduit to feed Mr O’Leary’s self-important ego.” In response Mr O’Brien refuted that suggestion that, to Mr O’Leary, Tiger Roll was like an extended member of the family. Mr O’Brien said: “It’s quite difficult to equate Tiger being akin to his fifth child when he was on their sales menu some years earlier. “Perhaps he meant his prodigal child. ‘Come back my son, all is forgiven.’ “I am reminded of Luke 11-31 which reads: ‘The men of Nineveh will rise up at the judgement with this generation and condemn it, for they repented at the preaching of Jonah and behold, something greater than Jonah is here.’”   Tiger Roll is the son of Authorised, and was reared at Lansdown House on the banks of Lough Derg. This year, other horses taking part in the 40-runner field include Eclair Surf, who gained a last minute entry after Court Maid and Caribbean Boy were pulled out. Deise Aba, Blaklion and Poker Party also gained a spot through the withdrawal of three horses. The £1million event will see the victor claim £500,000, with the prize money then distributed to the rest of the top ten.