BBC's Gazza documents the on-field brilliance and troubled private life of England footballing legend Paul Gascoigne. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, producer Vaughan Sivell opened up on Paul’s reaction to the raw documentary and explained how he feels looking back at his past. Vaughan revealed: “What I think is most telling about how he feels about it now is, all I can tell you from having a very long and moving, for the both of us, conversation very recently was that he became incredibly emotional talking to me about things like his dad. “But also the pain he feels at still wishing he could play football. “You just assume having done so much that they get over it. “And I think that's because we see the likes of your Gary Linekers and they're smooth and easy about their new life and what they've gone on to since and Paul isn't there.” Read more: Gazza net worth: The staggering football earnings Paul Gascoigne made He continued: “I’m sure they all say, ‘I wish I was still playing,’ but Paul really wishes he was there. “Obviously he doesn’t look back on the worst of those moments with much joy but he still looks back on what is this part of the film we've always called ‘Gazzamania’, he really wishes he was back there. “He really wishes he was still playing and he says he loved every moment of it.” Speaking ahead of the documentary’s release, Paul opened up about the pressure he was under during his football career. Paul explained: “I got a lot of media and press attention, so that was a pressure. “Don’t get me wrong a lot of it was great, but a lot of it wasn’t. “The press would follow us and our family and it was difficult to go out and about sometimes with constantly being followed by sometimes hundreds of cameras.” “A lot of the stories the press would print weren’t true, and they’d make stuff up about me and that would then cause me problems in my real life,” he shared. DON'T MISSPaul Gascoigne 'blamed himself' for friend's tragic death [INSIGHT]Paul Gascoigne would 'wake up screaming' following childhood trauma [VIDEO]Paul Gascoigne's mental health issues attributed to 'appalling' press [INTERVIEW] “The fans would give us a lot of attention too, but to be honest I didn’t mind that, the fans were fantastic, although there was a lot of fan mail to deal with.” The footballing legend opened up on regrets he has when looking back on his life. Paul noted: “There are definitely lots of things I look back on with sadness, things I’ve done that I wish I’d done better or not done; and also things that have happened to me, but you can’t go back, you have to keep going on. “I’ve said sorry many times for things and even some of the papers have ended up apologising to me, so I guess that’s true for everyone really.” In the second and final part of the documentary, Paul and his then-girlfriend Sheryl become subject to intense media scrutiny. The couple later marry but their marriage breaks down in large part because of his violent outbursts. We also see England failing to qualify for the 1994 World Cup and Paul scoring one of the greatest England goals of all time against Scotland. Gazza concludes on BBC Two on Wednesday at 9pm.