Romelu Lukaku appears to have given himself a mountain to climb with his Chelsea career after he previously blasted Thomas Tuchel's tactics amid frustrations at playing under the German.  The Belgian striker joined Chelsea in the summer for £97.5million, making him the second-most expensive transfer in Premier League history behind Jack Grealish. He scored three goals in his first three Premier League games, giving fans an increased sense of optimism about the Blues' season. But with just two goals in 18 league games since, his poor form has correlated with Chelsea's season faltering, with the west Londoners now only in contention for one trophy. With other clubs' strikers providing the goods all campaign, Tuchel will be bemused as to why Lukaku has failed to perform. And Goal believe that the strikers' willingness to speak out over the German's tactics has put him on the wrong path at the west London club, with only himself to blame for his downturn in form. The report states that sources close to the club hold the belief that Lukaku has given himself unnecessary pressure after declaring his love for former club Inter Milan earlier in the season. JUST IN: Man Utd players 'informed' of Erik ten Hag appointment with announcement plan in place  The star signed from the Italian club in the summer after scoring 47 league goals in 72 games at the San Siro, but admitted his long-standing fondness for the club back in December. And that, coupled with his disagreement with Tuchel's tactical approach, has given the Belgian problems. "After a period of injury, he lacks fitness for matches," Tuchel said after Sunday's FA Cup win over Crystal Palace. "But I don’t point the finger at him. It’s just a fact; it’s not even his fault. "It is just like this in the crucial time of the season where you need a certain rhythm. For us it is clear, we can play with Romelu and we can be very strong with Romelu and we proved it. DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports  "And we will prove it again if he stays involved mentally. He can grow in this situation and come back stronger. For sure, it is a disappointing situation for him and not what we expected, but it is not finished and we will not give in." Chelsea currently sit five points clear of Tottenham and Arsenal with a game in hand. But with a fairly solid run-in, they will be looking perilously over their shoulder. 