The duty on the Queen’s behalf has previously been carried out by Prince Harry. The Duke of Cambridge will lay a wreath at the ceremony on April 25 before remembering Australians and New Zealanders who have lost their lives in conflict by attending a service of thanksgiving in Westminster Abbey. Some 300 to 400 former and serving military personnel and their families, and members of veterans associations, will gather at the Cenotaph for the wreath-laying. It has become customary for other members of the Royal Family to lay the wreath on the Queen's behalf in recent years. The Duke of Sussex, who is living in California with Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties in 2020, carried out the role in 2016 and 2018. Harry also attended the service at Westminster Abbey in 2019 days before his son Archie was born. The traditional church service in the abbey will feature an address by the Dean of Westminster, readings from the New Zealand and Australian High Commissioners, prayers read by children of each country, and a Maori waiata performed by the Ngati Ranana London Maori Club. The two events on April 25 will follow a dawn service at Wellington Arch at London's Hyde Park Corner which will be attended by the Queen's cousin the Duke of Gloucester. William marked Anzac Day in 2021 by sending a message to the New Zealand and Australian High Commissions in London. He said: "Today we stand together to reflect not only on their sacrifices, but also their courage, sense of duty, and their famously indomitable spirit." READ MORE: Queen abdication fears: 'Drastic' reason for monarch to leave throne  The Duke was on a two-day trip to New Zealand in 2019 to honour the victims of the Christchurch terrorist attack, and laid a wreath during an Anzac Day memorial service in Auckland. Princess Anne attended last year's dawn service and the gathering in the abbey. April 25 commemorates the anniversary of the start of the First World War Gallipoli landings, and is a national day of remembrance for Australia and New Zealand. Thousands of Anzac troops - Australian and New Zealand Army Corps - died in the ill-fated 1915 Gallipoli campaign. DON'T MISSPrince Harry in 'fit of pique' after royal snub says Loose Women star [VIDEO]Camilla beaming as her and Charles step out at Royal Maundy Service [PICTURES]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 'harder to defend' [VIDEO] Waves of Allied forces launched an amphibious attack on the strategically important Turkish peninsula, which was key to controlling the Dardanelles straits, the crucial route to the Black Sea and Russia. But the plan backed by Winston Churchill was flawed and the campaign, which faced a heroic defence by the Turks, led to stalemate and withdrawal eight months later. Its legacy is the celebration of the "Anzac spirit" - courage, endurance, initiative, discipline and mateship - shown by the Antipodean troops.