Gary Lineker sent his best wishes to Netherlands manager Louis van Gaal after he revealed he has got prostate cancer. The former Manchester United boss took to Dutch television to announce the shock news a few days after Holland’s recent friendlies in the international break. Van Gaal had only recently watched his side secure consecutive victories against Denmark and Germany before he made his announcement. The 70-year-old returned for his third stint as Holland manager shortly after last summer’s European Championship. He replaced former Crystal Palace manager Frank de Boer after the Netherlands were disappointingly knocked out by the Czech Republic in the Last 16 stages. His return to the Dutch helm was his first managerial position since he departed Manchester United in 2016. While Van Gaal is expected to remain at his post for the upcoming 2022 World Cup in Qatar, he did say the cancer he is fighting is a “pretty aggressive form” which has seen him get irradiated “25 times”. And as the former Bayern Munich manager informed the footballing world of his condition while also promoting his new film ‘LOUIS’, Lineker promptly offered Van Gaal his best wishes. READ MORE: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds Lineker tweeted: “Sending best wishes and hopes for a full recovery to Louis van Gaal, who announced on Dutch television tonight that he’s battling prostate cancer.” Van Gaal informed the footballing news of his condition after initially stating he was trying to keep it a secret from his players. "In each period during my time as manager of the National Team I had to leave in the night to go to the hospital without the players finding it out until now,” van Gaal said to Dutch television program Humberto. “While thinking I was healthy. But.. I am not," the 70-year-old revealed. "So I thought they shouldn't know. You don't die from prostate cancer, at least not in ninety percent of the cases. It is usually other underlying diseases that kill you. But I had a pretty aggressive form, got irradiated 25 times. Then you have a lot of management to do in order to go through life. "I did have preferential treatment in the hospital. I was allowed in through the back door when I went to an appointment and was immediately pushed into another room. “I have been treated wonderfully. You will of course tell your friends and relatives about it. The fact that nothing has come out yet also says something about my environment. That's great." Van Gaal has enjoyed an illustrious career in management, winning seven league titles, the Champions League, the Europa League, and four domestic cups across stints at Bayern Munich, Barcelona, AZ Alkmaar, Manchester United, and Ajax. He has been in elite football management ever since he became Ajax manager in 1991.