Linda Webb was ordered to remove the single-storey rear extension to her home but has so far declined, claiming she was initially told she did not need planning permission. Now, her representative, Kevin Turner, said the situation has been making her life "an absolute hell". Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead (RBWM), controlled by the Conservative Party, says the extension is a "disproportionate" addition to the property in the greenbelt. Mrs Webb, who submitted a part-retrospective planning application to keep the addition, appealed the decision and now believes she's being "hounded". Mr Turner said: "How on earth is this [the extension] so offensive? "It’s not something I can understand why they (RBWM) find it so unacceptable." If a planning application is refused, an identical scheme cannot be submitted within two years, Berkshire Live says.  But Mr Turner believes the council is being "unreasonable" and claims he and Mrs Webb have received no complaints from neighbours in rural Wraysbury, Berkshire. "I have been in planning for a good many years and I can’t really say I’ve come across a case like this where the council is not prepared to listen or compromise, and, on the contrary, seem to be making this elderly woman’s, who’s not very well, life a misery," Mr Turner said. "The way they are hounding this woman, I have never come across a situation where they are simply relishing making this woman’s life an absolute hell." A council spokesperson said: "The council issues enforcement notices if it believes there has been a breach of planning control and it is expedient to take formal action. "In making a decision to issue such notices, the council is at all times guided by, and acting in accordance with, planning law and national and local planning policies. "In this case, the enforcement notice has also been upheld on appeal by an Inspector who agreed with the council’s case. "When investigating an alleged breach of planning control, our planning enforcement team always seek to contact the owner or occupier of the site in question, engage with them and seek to work with them so that steps can be taken to remedy any such breaches.” The council also said the applicant can still choose to make a revised application to overcome the council’s original planning objections. 