Oleg Tinkov is the founder of Tinkoff Bank, the second largest provider of credit cards in Russia. Posting on social media, the 52-year old banking tycoon hit out at Putin's invasion, describing it as "insane". Claiming that only a small number of "morons" support it, Mr Tinkov described the war as a "massacre". It is not known whether or not Mr Tinkov was in Russia when he made the remarks. This comes as Putin has summoned business leaders for a meeting at the Kremlin, taking place later today. The list of attendees has not been made public. Writing on Instagram in Russian, Mr Tinkov said: "I don’t see ANY beneficiary of this crazy war! Innocent people and soldiers are dying." Mr Tinkov said that Russian generals had "woken up with a hangover", realising that their army was "s***". He continued: "But how can the army be good, if everything else in the country is s*** and mired in nepotism, servility and grovelling? "Of course, there are morons who draw Zs. "[But] 90 percent of Russians are AGAINST this war." READ MORE: Russian billionaire Oleg Tinkov given bail at £20MILLION Speaking about the impact of sanctions, Mr Tinkov added: "Kremlin officials are shocked that neither they or their children will be off to the Mediterranean in the summer. "Businessmen are trying to save the rest of their property." Switching to English at the end of his post, Mr Tinkov made an appeal to Western countries. He wrote: "Please give Mr Putin a clear exit to save his face and stop this massacre. DON'T MISS: Putin's nightmare exposed as thousands of Russians flee [INSIGHT] Blackmailing Putin’s energy plot suffers blow as oil tankers seized [REVEAL]Ukraine crisis at boiling point with huge G7 meeting TODAY [REPORT] "Please be more rational and humanitarian." Mr Tinkov was sanctioned by the UK Government on March 24 2022. Announcing the sanctions, Ms Truss said: "These oligarchs, businesses and hired thugs are complicit in the murder of innocent civilians and it is right that they pay the price. "Putin should be under no illusions – we are united with our allies and will keep tightening the screw on the Russian economy to help ensure he fails in Ukraine. "There will be no let-up." But Mr Tinkov has denied having close links to Putin. He has lost around £3.8bn over the last month alone as share prices of Russian companies plummeted in the wake of the invasion, Forbes reported. He is now estimated to be worth approximately £3.8bn.