The video, gone live on Russia state-controlled TV, shows images of two Russian men modelling a fake corpse. The propagandistic video, realised in Saint Petersburg on March 20, has been used in Russia to suggest Ukraine’s accusations of war crimes as being fake and ungrounded. In the video gone live on Russian state TV, two Russian men are seen dressing up what appears to be a mannequin in military garb. BBC Monitoring reporter Francis Scarr shared the video on Twitter, commenting: "You couldn't make it up "Russian state TV has taken a video from the set of a Russian series filmed near St Petersburg on 20 March and told viewers that it shows Ukrainians preparing fake corpses for the scene of a 'staged' attack by Russian forces on Ukrainian civilians." The propagandistic video has been broadcasted in response to Ukraine’s accusations which see Putin being charged with committing war crimes in Ukraine. In light of the resignation of numerous Russian journalists from Russia’s tightly controlled state-run channel such as Marina Ovsyannikova and Lilia Gildeyeva as a form of protest, Russian TV is believed to be one of the main forms of propaganda used by the Kremlin to provide a different representation of the war in Ukraine and the accusations against Putin. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky this week showed UN Security Council representatives horrific images of dead bodies lying on the streets of Bucha with their hands tied behind their backs. At the UN Security Council meeting, President Zelensky openly claimed: “[Russians] act for their pleasure. “Actions of rape, including children, and mass executions have been reported in Bucha." In the wake of President Zelensky’s allegations, both Prime Minister Boris Johnson and President Joe Biden have openly condemned Putin’s war crimes. READ MORE: Finland and Sweden could join NATO in weeks “Bucha doesn’t look far short of genocide”, said Prime Minister Boris Johnson in response to the tragic scenes uncovered in Bucha. President Biden also added: “Putin is a war criminal, and should face war crimes trial for Bucha killings." Besides Bucha, President Zelensky also claimed further evidence of acts of war crimes has been found in other cities of Ukraine such as Borodianka and Mariupol. DON'T MISS: BBC QT: Emily Thornberry tears into Greg Hands over Rishi's wife [WATCH]FM called 'coward' after BANNING national papers from manifesto launch [LISTEN]BBC Question Time: Not her again! Viewers in uproar [INSIGHT] Scenes here are much more horrific than those seen in Bucha”, said Mr Zelensky referring to the situation uncovered in Borodianka. In Mariupol, for instance, Russian forces are believed to be using mobile incinerators to dispose of the killed bodies in the wake of what was reported in Bucha. Despite the images and official claims by President Zelensky and in light of the video broadcast on Russian state TV, Russia keeps denying the accusations of war crime. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov claimed: “We insist that any accusation against the Russian side are not just groundless, but this is a well-directed show”.