If you're a big Valorant fan, then you're going to need to download a new update. The release of Valorant update 4.08 coincides with the launch of the latest act. This means there's a new Battlepass to unlock, complete with a ton of rewards, bonus items and lots more. In addition to the Battlepass, update 4.08 adds a new character named Fade. As you can see from the full list of patch notes below, the update also makes lots of tweaks to other fan favourite characters. Valorant update 4.08 patch notes in full... JETT • The team loves what Jett has continually brought to the fight, but as the game has evolved, some of her impacts have pushed beyond what we think is healthy for the tactical promise of VALORANT. - Our update to Tailwind aims to address these concerns while maintaining the aggressive site takes and awe inspiring highlight plays Jett should bring to the roster. - Check out our full article on the Jett update here for a complete breakdown of our approach and the philosophies that drove this update. - We expect this change to have ripple effects on the Agents around Jett and the ecosystem overall, so we’ll keep a close eye not only on Jett, but any cascading impacts on the entire roster. • Tailwind - Upon pressing E, Jett consumes her Tailwind charge and after a .75 second delay, activates a 12-second window where she’s able to dash on next key press - Jett’s Tailwind charge can still be regained with 2 kills - To keep parity with the changes to Jett dash, the functionality for Dash during Knife rounds in Escalation will be adjusted NEON • General - Battery energy received upon killing an enemy increased 25%>>>100% • High Gear - Slide cannot be cast during equip delay - Velocity restriction removed - Neon can now slide sideways and forward, and only requires that she is moving - Energy drain increased 6.7/s>>>10/s • Fast Lane - Wall damage removed - This change is intended to push Fast Lane into a more attractive option for Neon, or for an ally by preventing the disruptive portion of doing incidental damage. SOVA • Owl Drone - Duration reduced 10s >>> 7s - Health reduced 125 >>> 100 • Dart Reveal - Number of reveal pings reduced 3 >>> 2 - Initial delay before first ping reveals increased 1.2s >>> 1.6s* - Delay between the first and second ping remains 1.2s • Quality of Life - Changed crosshair color to green to better stand out against the white HUD - Removed delay on [Target Hit] confirmation text - [Target Hit] confirmation text now remains on the player HUD when transitioning out of Owl Drone. - [Target Hit] confirmation text now remains on screen for 2s, previously 1s - Adjusted audio on drone dart hits for both Sova, and the player hit, to make confirmations more noticeable - Fixed a bug with Owl Drone, where the Dart Cooldown UI element would not properly update after tagging an opponent. • Shock Dart - Max Damage decreased 90 >>> 75 - Radial damage has been scaled in accordance with new max damage. AGENT ABILITY AMMO • Jett’s Bladestorm, Raze’s Showstopper, and Sova’s Hunter’s Fury will now show how much ammo they have left when equipped COMPETITIVE UPDATES 5-Stack Queues • Reduced Rank Rating gain/loss penalty for different 5-stack configurations • If EVERYONE in your party is Iron–Diamond 2: - No RR penalty if within normal grouping - 25% RR penalty for all players if any player falls outside of normal grouping • If ANYONE in your party is Diamond 3–Immortal 3 (but no one in your party is Radiant) - 25% RR penalty for all players • If ANYONE in your party is Radiant - 75% RR penalty for all players • Tuned matchmaking to reduce wait time for 5-stacks • You can read the basics on how Rank Rating penalties work for 5-stacks in our previous patch notes. BUGS Agents • Fixed a bug where Jett could find herself unable to use abilities or weapons when using Tailwind immediately after depleting her Bladestorm daggers • Fixed a bug where Yoru could teleport out of bounds when using Gatecrash • Fixed various exploits allowing Yoru to use weapons before fully decloaking at the end of his ultimate Performance • Fixed a bug in the Shooting Range where bots would respawn unarmed