By avoiding turning through oncoming traffic, drivers could save money on petrol and diesel costs as the fuel efficiency is better. In doing this, motorists should never turn left in countries where they drive on the right and vice versa, meaning drivers in the UK are advised to avoid right hand turns. Peter Harris, Vice President, International Sustainability at UPS, said they give their drivers specific routes to follow, helping them save fuel. He told Express.co.uk: “Our innovative last-mile optimisation technology uses package capacity and customised mapping data to create the most efficient delivery routes for our drivers. “The technology goes beyond minimising left turns, it supports the reduction of driver mileage by 100 million miles, fuel consumption by 10 million gallons, and emissions by 100,000 metric tonnes globally each year.” UPS has designed their vehicle routing software to eliminate as many left-hand turns as possible, in countries with right-hand traffic. READ MORE: Motorists warned of major driving law changes in April - Car tax rise Typically, only 10 percent of turns that UPS drivers take are left turns. When they set out, most drivers try to find the shortest route possible, to avoid any traffic and get to their destination at the quickest rate possible. But, UPS drivers don’t do this, instead only looking to try and avoid turning through oncoming traffic at a junction. This reduces the chances of an accident and cuts delays by waiting for a gap in the traffic which also wastes fuel. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to ‘hypermile’ to save around £600 a year on fuel costs [INSIGHT]Major fuel law changing today with huge restriction on red diesel [WARNING]Drivers warned to expect 'avalanche' of fines under new council laws [SHOCKING] UPS does make some left turns (when driving on the right hand side), but avoids unnecessary turns. Hit TV show Mythbusters even attempted to understand how it works, by testing the technique on the streets of San Francisco. They found that by only turning right, the journey was 1.6 miles further and nine minutes longer by turning right 23 times and only turning left once. Despite this, the team found that they used three percent less fuel on their journey. While this seems like a small amount of fuel to save, it can quickly add up, especially for a delivery service like UPS. The efficiency of planning routes with its navigation software this way has even helped the firm cut the number of trucks it uses by 1,100, according to the Independent. It has also brought down the company’s total distance travelled by 28.5 million miles - despite the longer routes. During his Spring Statement at the end of March, Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a cut to fuel duty worth five pence per litre of fuel. Despite this, many drivers have complained of high prices for petrol and diesel, with some forecourts raising their prices in anticipation of the fuel duty cut. Motorists across the UK have been looking to find methods to help save on fuel costs so they don't have to fill up as much. Data from the RAC Foundation shows that petrol and diesel prices were more than 60p cheaper in May 2020, compared to current prices.