This comes after the Queen pulled out of the Maundy Thursday service, with the Prince of Wales attending in her place. The future king will be accompanied by Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. They will fulfil the ancient tradition of handing out Maundy money to community figures at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle this Thursday. The Queen's decision not to attend the event comes in the wake of months of health issues. She has not been seen at many public events, but notably attended a Service of Thanksgiving for her late husband Prince Phillip earlier in April. According to the Daily Mail's Ephraim Hardcastle column, the Queen has made her son Charles her regent "in all but name". The column quoted a Royal Source saying: "We have effectively a co-monarchy for the first time since William and Mary arrived in 1689. "Charles's unofficial elevation also removes any danger of Andrew or Harry having to step in as counsellors of state." These comments were echoed by royal expert Robert Jobson, who described the current situation as a "dual monarchy". But he said that Prince William and Kate have also been "stepping up" to support the Queen. Mr Jobson said: "The Prince of Wales has been doing it for some time. READ MORE: Prince Charles will step in for Queen at Maundy Service "The Queen really hasn't had any international travel for many, many years now since 2016. "I think that there's been a dual monarchy since then although it's not been said." Speaking to Us Weekly's Royally Us, he added: "Prince William has certainly been stepping up to the plate alongside Catherine and the Duchess of Cornwall. "All the members of the Royal Family have had to do that to support the Queen but also in light of the death of the Duke of Edinburgh." DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle and Harry announce TWO new huge partnerships [REVEAL] 'What’s next, archery?' Meghan mocked over podcast trademark bid [REACTION] Queen cancels upcoming engagement and breaks silence on Covid ordeal [INSIGHT] But in spite of the increasingly collaborative approach to power, royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti previously told Express.co.uk that the Queen is "unlikely" to abdicate. He said: "I think it would be wrong of us to second guess that especially at the moment when the Queen is going through a period of rest. "I also think that it's unlikely that she would abdicate. "She's always been very clear that that is not part of how she sees the role. "But it is true that she started to share more of the duties and more publicly so with other members of the family. "I do think it's a sensible and natural part of that, Prince Charles should be doing more. "When he accompanies her to the state opening of Parliament even before Prince Philip had passed, we saw in a way he learned on the job. "I think that's one of the features that work so well with a hereditary head of state."