The study in question focussed on the residents of Abruzzo, a region in southern Italy with a high number of centenarians (those over the age of 100). After analysing their diets, the researchers found they followed a strict calorie regime. They said their results “support the importance of a daily caloric restriction laps, hampering nocturnal post-prandial stress and optimising metabolic response, associated with a consumption of plant-based foods and physical activity for the longevity of centenarians”. Furthermore, it was found the most time these centenarians ate was round seven o’clock in the evening. READ MORE: What does a blood clot look like? Is it different to a bruise?  The study also found a later dinner was “associated with an increased incidence in cardiovascular diseases” such as stroke and heart failure. Meanwhile, not only is the timing of dinner crucial for longevity, so too is breakfast. A study published in the latter half of last year found the healthiest time to eat breakfast was before 7am. The study, conducted by researchers from the University of New York, found waiting until 10am was associated with a short life expectancy.    The results, published in the Journal of Nutrition, found those who consumed breakfast between 6am and 7am were six percent less likely to die prematurely form illnesses such as cancer and heart disease than those who ate at 8am. Furthermore, they were 12 percent less likely to die prematurely than people who ate at 10am. The reason behind the differential is believed to lie in eating later disrupting the body’s food clock, a form of internal programming that controls the release of feeding-related hormones such as insulin. Insulin is used by the body to burn glucose in the bloodstream; levels of glucose often peak early in the morning. As a result, the later the body eats the less insulin there is to burn the glucose. This, in turn, leads to a greater risk of conditions such as diabetes, heart disease, and obesity. Currently around five million people have diabetes in the UK, the number of people with the condition has been growing steadily since the mid 2000s. Type two diabetes is the most common form of diabetes, making up 90 percent of cases. Symptoms of the condition include:• Urinating more than usual• Feeling thirsty all the time.• Feeling very tired.• Losing weight without trying to• Itching around genitalia• Cuts or wounds taking longer to heal• Blurred vision. If you’re concerned about having symptoms of diabetes, book an appointment with your local GP.