Russian relations with the rest of Europe and beyond have collapsed to Cold War levels, as the Kremlin has threatened to cut dialogues with key leaders. United sanctions programmes designed to discourage Putin from his current track have left his country hobbled and careening towards financial disaster. As western pundits assert the Russian President is becoming increasingly desperate, some have feared he may lash out with a nuclear option to advance his Ukrainian campaign. Established opinion around nuclear weapons suggests that Russia would not use warheads amid fears of "mutually assured destruction". But the possibility remains that the Kremlin may attempt to employ warheads in a fashion that might avoid total armageddon. David Welch, a professor of political science at the Canadian University of Waterloo, explained that Putin and his opponents have other nuclear arms at their disposal. He explained that modern nuclear weapons have a wide range of uses Russia could employ in limited fashions. READ MORE: Sturgeon 'virtue signalling' in plans to scrap nuclear deterrents The most limited fashion on the table, according to Professor Welch, could see Russia employ a "very low-yield warhead". These could allow the belligerent side to take out core infrastructure in the areas it would like to capture. Professor Welch explained: "Both Russia and the United States have nuclear demolition charges that can be carried around in a backpack. "They are designed to do things such as destroy bridges with high reliability." In this case, western nations might struggle to detect nuclear radiation. The professor added: "If Russia were to use one of these, there would be a debate for at least a while about whether Russia had used a nuclear weapon at all. "Some nuclear weapons in the Russian arsenal are much less explosive than some of their conventional weapons." A riskier option for Russia would be using tactical warheads with more power. Professor Welch said: "One could also imagine a 'limited' use of a more powerful tactical nuclear weapon, or perhaps a few, to destroy Ukrainian armour formations, fuel depots, or leadership bunkers, or to cut crucial supply lines from NATO countries. "The larger the use, the more shocking it would be, and the more pressure NATO countries would be under to respond in some way." While Russia may have options less likely to prompt a severe international response available, it is unlikely the country would pursue a nuclear option, Professor Welch concluded. He said: "I have a hard time imagining Russia using any tactical nuclear weapons in Ukraine whatsoever. "The military benefit is unlikely to be worth the moral, political, and possibly even military cost. "On top of that, Russian generals would not want to irradiate the battlefield on which they wish to operate. "A direct order from Putin to use a nuclear weapon would probably trigger a discussion within the Russian military about whether he should be allowed to remain in power."