Of course we need to look after the planet and of course we need to conserve the precious gifts the Earth has given us – but when activists behave in this dictatorial manner it should be a wake-up call to more intelligent members of society. Well done Boris Johnson for starting to take a harder line. Though he wants more wind turbines, they alone cannot fix our fuel crisis. Nuclear power is the way forward. Thank goodness the PM is beginning to come to see this, as we all should. There are many things we can do to help keep the planet in a pristine condition while we’re here and we should do what we can, but trying to change society completely won’t work. Gradual and thoughtful practices are what we need: electric cars are not the answer for all kinds of reasons. Let’s take a serious and sensible look at the way we look after the planet and the way we clean it up – but remember we don’t want to send people back to the Stone Age. What organisation we need to be aligned with? The world is becoming less united and the organisation seems to have no direction. What good is it doing for the Ukraine? What good is it doing for the Yemen? And now the babblings about climate change will confuse an even greater portion of the population around the world. We can only see things from our own perspective, but in Africa and the Asian subcontinent, the Middle East and other parts of the world, we probably know very little about how it affects them. Their perspective on life is completely different from ours, not to mention what’s going on in China. United we are not. The UN seems to be unable to find consensus. Is it worth the trouble? Could we not think about uniting the planet with more joined-up thinking?   Great to wake up to more good news as the world slowly disappears up its own backside. The BBC’s £267,000-a-year creative diversity job held by broadcaster June Sarpong, pictured, is to be scrapped. There will be a new, lower-profile position, but frankly they should just forget all this diversity rubbish before we stop knowing which way is up, down or sideways. Let’s live in a sensible world where people do well simply because of their ability. So Disney is now going to make 50 percent of its characters representative of “LGBTQIA and racial minorities”. What goes through the minds of some of these people? Of course everybody should be recognised for who or what they are, but representation – as the word says – should represent the proportion of minority groups in society.  And that is nothing like 50 percent of the population. I’m getting more than a little fed up with being told what to watch and how to behave by minorities pushing their own agendas. Or is it just me turning into Mr Grumpy? As I write, I am sitting on the beach on a Caribbean island with the sun warming me, a beautiful breeze blowing and the lovely lady W by my side. I haven’t been on holiday for many, many years and it’s amazing, but one question arises: why do Americans speak in such loud voices? On the peaceful sands in the middle of nowhere, the only sounds apart from the pelicans and the lapping waves are the loud conversations of the Americans and how hard their lives are! It’s also interesting to see some of the British men, who look like they’ve just come from TOWIE, strutting along the beach with tanned bodies, trying to catch any appreciative eye. But by the time you read this, I’ll be home, dreaming of sipping a piña colada under an umbrella and looking out over the ocean. Back to reality.  I was away on holiday, I had some criticism on social media for “being out in the sun in your condition”. Here goes. First, although many chemotherapy treatments mean you can’t be in the sun, I am lucky to be on a targeted therapy that means I can. And when you know your life expectancy has been severely limited by a disease, you have to decide how you want to spend the time you have left. I have decided to embrace life and the wonderful things the world has to offer and so being in the sun and swimming in the sea make me very happy. Being in the sunshine won’t make my kidney cancer worse. But it does make my heart soar. Isn't it time an intelligence test was brought in for people who want to get into local government? A small Cornish council has decided to ban daffodils from a local park. Their health and safety officials – who seem to think you shouldn’t leave your own home in case you trip over – have said that if small children eat daffodils they could get tummy upsets. That sounds pretty unlikely to me, but how about parents keep on eye on their tots and the rest of us enjoy the daffs?  The scenes we saw on newsreels after the Second World War – innocent people with their hands tied, shot in the back of the head and left in a ditch. The world looks on. We decide to impose even tougher sanctions on Russia but that’s not achieving a lot, is it? What do we do? Obviously nuclear weapons are not making the world as safe as we thought they were but we can’t do without them as nearly everyone has them. So what can we do and how long will we continue to look on as carnage continues? I have no answers. I have a grandson in the military – I’d rather we weren’t fighting but should we be imposing more sanctions? Should anybody be doing anything with Russia – or should we be feeling sympathy for the Russian people who are being so terribly misled? 