Dr Michael Mosley is on a mission to help people lose weight and follow a healthy lifestyle. During his conversation with wellbeing expert Liz Earle on a Facebook Live session, the weight loss guru spoke about his Fast 800 programme and the foods you “should be eating” that not only help you lose weight, but also promote long-term good health. Liz said: “Cutting down on carbs, doing lower carb, lower sugar and good healthy fats. “Would you say that’s a basic?” Michael explained: “The initial goal is to aim for 800-900 calories, it can be low carb depending on how you want to go. “Then you transition to intermittent fasting where you do low-carb approach just a few days a week. “Then you transition to a healthy Mediterranean diet, that is roughly 20 percent protein, 40 percent fat, 40 percent carbs. READ MORE: Emotional eating: Nutritionist shares how to curb 'crazy cravings' “What you’re aiming for is healthy fats and healthy carbs.” He revealed the sorts of foods that should be consumed: “So that means oily fish, nuts, full fat yoghurt, plenty of veg. “But also in the form of carbs, you’re looking for legumes, lentils - foods we know we should be eating, but we hate. “You have to have the recipes that make these things super tasty - and that’s one of the things [Dr] Clare [Bailey, Michael’s wife] has done and that’s one of the things that’s true about the online programme.” DON'T MISS...Aldi shoppers praise £3 ‘wonder’ face oil that ‘smooths out skin’ [SHOP]Tesco and Aldi issue warning over fruit and vegetables [NEWS]Boots announces change to Advantage Card points [UPDATE] Dr Michael then shared one of his favourite recipes which Clare created. He said: “She makes a delicious red kidney chocolate cake - and you would not believe it. “Seventy-eight percent dark chocolate and red kidney beans and you think this is going to be horrible but it’s incredibly yummy.” “Challenge anyone to guess the main ingredient of this rich chocolate cake, or that it has no added sugar,” Clare said. “High in fibre (even cocoa is 30 percent fibre), yet melts in the mouth and is almost guilt free.” The recipe serves 12 and there are 250 calories per serving. It takes five minutes to prepare and 30 minutes to cook. 400g tin red kidney beans, drained and rinsed (see note) One tbsp vanilla extract Five small eggs 150g coconut oil 15 large soft pitted dates, diced 60g cacao powder One tsp baking powder Half a tsp ground cinnamon 150g fresh raspberries or diced rhubarb 1. Preheat the oven to 150ºC. Grease a 20 cm round cake tin and line the base with lightly greased baking paper. 2. In a bowl blend the kidney beans, vanilla extract, eggs, one tbsp water, a pinch of salt and the coconut oil until smooth. This should take around four to five minutes. Then add the rest of the ingredients and mix them well. 3. Pour the mixture into a cake tin, gently press the raspberries into the surface then bake it for about 30 minutes. 4. Remove the cake from the oven and leave it to cool for 10 minutes before turning it out on a rack. You can also make cupcakes from this mixture. Instead of a cake tin, use a cupcake tray and line it with paper cases. They will need less time in the oven, around 15-20 minutes. Note: Drain and rinse all tinned beans and lentils before use (the drained liquid usually contains starch and salt, which is not required). The drained weights and calories of tinned ingredients will vary (sometimes significantly) from brand to brand.