Piers Morgan, 57, has today responded to Donald Trump Jr’s allegations, claiming that TalkTV's promotional trailer for the former's interview with his famous father was “misleading”. The former Good Morning Britain host sarcastically retorted that he had learnt his “promo skills” from Trump on The Celebrity Apprentice. On Twitter, Donald Trump Jr. shared an article from BreitBart.com that reported to show “deceptive edits” of his dad's appearance on Morgan's upcoming programme. The former POTUS’ son typed: “Actual audio is in the Breitbart story… it’s totally brutal how misleading and deceptive the Morgan promo edit is. “ In response, Morgan said: “I learned all my promo skills from you guys on Celebrity Apprentice! “Nothing misleading or deceptive about it, Don - your dad just got very annoyed when I told him I don’t believe the 2020 election was rigged or stolen. READ MORE: Piers Morgan says Donald Trump ‘foamed at the mouth’ in angry showdown “Aside from that, it was a terrific interview,” he added. It comes as the former president released an audio recording refuting an edited video clip that appeared to show him storming out of a sit-down interview with Morgan. A 30-second trailer, released yesterday, depicted Trump abruptly ending the interview after Morgan challenged The Apprentice host's stolen election claims, before ordering the crew to "turn the cameras off" as he gets up from his chair and storms off the TalkTV set. “Very dishonest,” he muttered. But the audio recording, provided by Trump's spokesman to NBC News, indicates that the interview ended with the two men thanking each other and laughing, with no sign of Trump storming off the set. Trump communications director Taylor Budowich claims the video trailer was deceptively edited by splicing audio of Trump saying "turn the camera off" over video of him standing up, to make it look as if he abruptly cut off the interview. Morgan recently signed a comprehensive deal with Fox News' parent company News Corp - and the trailer was intended to promote an interview airing next week on News Corp outlets around the world. The sequence depicted in the video matches Morgan's dramatic description in a column for the New York Post, which is also owned by News Corp. Morgan wrote that the interview ended with Trump "abruptly jumping to his feet, looking hateful, and barking at the shocked crew,'TURN THE CAMERAS OFF!' DONT MISS: Johnny Depp claims Amber Heard stubbed cigarette out on his face (PHOTOS)Phillip Schofield and Luke Evans' secret friendship exposed on holiday (NEWS)Johnny Depp 'begged Amber to give him his medication but she refused' (LATEST) "Then he turned on his heel, and sloped angrily off through a side door, loudly muttering, 'SO dishonest …'" added Morgan. But according to NBC, the audio provided by the Trump camp shows the interview ending with Morgan saying: "That was a great interview." Budowich has since insisted that when Trump said “turn the camera off”, he had already risen from his chair, whereas the trailer depicted the former President making the remark as he got up and left the studio. Trump's camp also claims that his remark calling Morgan "dishonest" was from earlier in the interview, after the former GMB host repeatedly insisted that he had just one more question, only to continue on with the interview. Morgan wrote in his column that the interview had originally only been scheduled for 20 minutes, but ran longer than an hour, undermining claims that Trump cut the sit-down short. In response to Nigel Farage claiming Trump had been stitched up by Morgan, the latter said: "Actually, Nigel, the only stitching up was done by you when you sent him that dossier of my criticisms (which I stand by) in a pathetic attempt to ruin my Trump interview - especially graceless after I congratulated you after yours. "Fortunately, it backfired & I got a corker!"