NCIS agent Anthony DiNozzo (played by Michael Weatherly) may have left the long-running crime series after 15 seasons but he has still remained one of the most popular members of the cast. Now starring in CBS’s more recent drama, Bull, the actor sparked a frenzy on Twitter when he posted a rarely seen sneak peek at his role in an ABC television movie from just after his days on the Fox cult classic, Dark Angel. Fans have been going wild for Michael’s behind-the-scenes snap from his role in the TV movie, The Mystery of Natalie Wood. In Peter Bogdanovich’s biographical film, Michael portrayed the actor Robert Wagner opposite Justine Waddell as West Side Story star Natalie. The real Robert was later chosen to portray the actor’s on-screen father in NCIS, Anthony DiNozzo Sr, for which he appeared in 13 episodes. Michael captioned the photo: “I’m having a Robert Wagner Flashback… as my hair reminisces about having hair. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy “We shot this in Australia, btw, and it was completely amazing. Post #darkangel pre #NCIS #thursdaythrowback.” In the unearthed photo, Michael was the spitting image of Robert, complete with a tan suit, cravat and a long, 1970s-style haircut. Below the post, Kayla Zampino wrote: “I remember watching this when it aired on tv, it was good! “Sucks how impossible it is to find a physical copy of the movie.” And Rose Goldenberg commented: “I always thought casting Robert Wagner as your dad on #NCIS was a good idea! You look very much like him!” Michael landed the role as his future screen parent shortly after wrapping his two-season run on the Fox hit, Dark Angel. The former NCIS regular originally starred as cyber-journalist Logan Cale in the science fiction drama set in a dystopian 2019. The James Cameron-created series was a launching pad for the career of Hollywood star Jessica Alba, as well as the likes of Michael, Jensen Ackles and Kevin Durand. DON'T MISS:Ozark ending: Fans slam ‘unsatisfying’ outcome for the Byrdes [REACTION]Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco pays teary tribute to co-star [VIDEO]Grace and Frankie ending: Dolly Parton's cameo in finale explained [INSIGHT] Luz Angela Vallejo J said: “MW & RW together you’re absolutely fantastic both in front and behind the camera. “I wish you could do something with your TV dad again. And your hair is still gorgeous, big kiss from Colombia.” @bettydla replied: “Is this the movie about him & Natalie, where you played him? “If so, I'd seen this a few years or so ago and thought, wow, first you played Robert Wagner and then he's cast as Sr on #NCIS. The resemblance is truly amazing…” And @C_HarrisonLFC said: “Loved #NCIS episodes with Dinozzo Snr, your screen chemistry was amazing. I miss the old Gibbs team days.” Fans of the classic NCIS run can now go back to watch old episodes on Disney+, though the series may not ever be the same now long-running team leader Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon) has left the series. As Michael will be coming to the end of his stint in his new series, Bull, viewers currently have their fingers crossed for an agent DiNozzo reprisal at some point in the upcoming 20th season. NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS and Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.