The last quarter moon occurs today when the Taurus sun forms a square with the Moon in Aquarius. This is a crucial point in the lunar phase, forcing you to re-evaluate what is and isn’t working in your life. Now is the time to make tough decisions to prepare for next week’s New Moon, when a fresh idea or project will be born once again. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for today. A small crisis of consciousness will strike you today when the Last Quarter Moon phase takes place. Now is not the time to embark on new projects, despite last week’s Full Pink Moon encouraging quite the opposite in our personal lives and relationships. Taurus, Leo, Scorpio, and Aquarius will be most deeply affected by the Sun and Moon square today, so take the time to embrace deep reflection in all aspects of your life this weekend. READ MORE:Avoid keeping milk in door compartment of fridge to save hundreds The Last Quarter Moon phase is symbolic of endings and tying up loose ends rather than establishing new ventures. Cafe Astrology Said: “After basking in the awareness symbolised by the full light of the Moon at the time of last week’s Full Moon, we arrive at a point where we need to sort out what works for us - and what doesn’t -in preparation for next week’s New Moon when something new is born once again.” You should channel your energy on taking “life inventory”, letting go of people, projects and feelings where necessary. Today’s Mercury-Node alignment will highlight your ability to learn, teach and communicate with others, so take the chance to find ways to move forward and grow. You may connect with people who share the same intellectual interests or ideas, which will help you to improve and expand your individual image. According to Cafe Astrology, the Aquarius Moon will bring friendly, progressive and intelligent energy into your life today. These positive feelings won’t last for long, so take advantage of them while you can. DON'T MISS:Apollo 16 astronaut almost died during 'Moon Olympics': 'Help me up!' [ANALYSIS]Sunspots larger than the Earth appear and fire off strong flares [REVEAL]Solar storm sparks blackouts in Asia and Australia as earth hit  [INSIGHT] Since April 19, the Sun has been in Taurus, where it will remain until May 20. The Taurus Sun is methodical, sensual and receptive, according to Cafe Astrology, though it is most active when “defending or resisting”. During this time, you will feel a strong urge to feel secure, while your determination will remain strong. This loyal sign values longevity over things that are new and unfamiliar, while the shadow side of Taurus encourages a fiery urge to embrace our stubbornness and bullheadedness. Cafe Astrology said: “It’s a time to consider our revelations, what they mean to us and what can be done.” Navigate today carefully by evaluating what you already know and have, while avoiding the urge to start any major projects. You should resist the temptation and distraction of things that seem new and exciting by focusing on what you already have in front of you. Instead, finish up the details of the new beginnings you started at the last New Moon, bringing your journey full circle when the phase repeats itself next week.