Prince William and Prince Harry were both raised by the same parents, so it is expected that they would have picked up some similar parenting tips and tricks from their own upbringing. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how the two Princes are similar dads - and how they couldn't be more different in one particular aspect. This is in the role they have preparing their children for royal life. Their parenting styles have "one core difference, and it is a huge one", according to the expert, although this could be out of necessity rather than the fathers' wishes. The body language expert continued: "The core difference, and it is a huge one, is that It is his responsibility to induct George into royal life and protocol and to prepare him for his destiny while Harry gets to chose how public his children’s lives need to be." Judi explained: "Part of Harry’s remit as a father seems to be to protect his son from the press, while for William the knowledge will always be there that he shares his first born son with the rest of the country." Indeed, Prince George was as young as seven when he was told about his royal future. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham marries into astonishingly wealthy family Despite the difference, Judi claimed there are many similarities in their parenting styles. Judi began: "William and Harry’s parenting traits look remarkably similar and they probably have their mother Diana to thank for being a role-model for a more natural, tactile style that sees both of her boys happy cradling, kissing and romping with their children. "William and George seem to be developing a true ‘chip off the old block’ bonding, appearing to share experiences from enjoying football or taking part in royal meet and greets at formal events with a sense of empathy and friendship as well as a more protective parental bond." Whether it's laughing together at the Six Nations or holding hands at Prince Philip's Memorial Service, it's rare to see these two far apart. Judi continued: "Being royal and being future kings singles them out as ‘different’ in terms of status and destiny." Indeed, Prince George, Prince William and Prince Charles share something with each other that no one else in the world can understand. However, Prince William and George's relationship is closer than William and Charles' was when he was growing up, perhaps because Diana was a vessel for which William could understand more tactile, overtly affectionate parenting. "With their love of similar outfits and mirrored body language they seem to share that uniqueness in a way that we rarely saw with Charles and William in their earlier years." From the offset it was clear that Prince William would be a hands-on father, "throwing himself into the role of fatherhood with only the slightest look of trepidation as he held his first-born son outside the maternity unit". "Harry took his role one step further by making his first public appearance with Archie cradling his son throughout while Meghan stood alongside beaming proudly at her ‘two men’ in a body language role-reversal." Due to the couple's desire for privacy, the public have only seen "glimpses" of Harry as a parent. But the peeks that the public do get into the Sussex's life suggests a "very intense sense of shared play and experiences, from feeding their chickens to riding a bike", said Judi. William and Harry have bother taken after their mother, whose parenting style was revolutionary for the Royal Family at the time. Both Harry and William grew up in the public eye, like Prince George. However, while the Cambridge parents do ensure that Prince George experiences some normalcy, Prince Harry has more scope to do this in the US. Indeed, "Harry gets to chose how public his children’s lives need to be". Judi concluded: "Despite this, the brother’s emphasis on ‘normality’ seems to be a shared value. "We can see William’s children playing freely on the beach or in the countryside just as we see Harry’s son running across the sand or being hugged beneath a tree in the garden. "Both brothers seem to be encouraging spontaneity and as much freedom as possible for their children and George’s appearance at the World Cup, where he happily performed rituals of celebration like any other young kid watching a match seemed to prove William is doing a great job at getting the balance right, compared to some of the tenser-looking outings with his own father when he was a small child."