Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky warned in his nightly address last night that Russia is attempting to “empty” the Donbas of people. He accused Putin’s troops of carrying out “constant brutal bombardments” on buildings and residential areas in the eastern Ukrainian region. Likening the situation to Mariupol, Mr Zelensky said: “If the Russian invaders are able to realise their plans even partially, then they have enough artillery and aircraft to turn the entire Donbas into stones.” Despite the firepower at Russia’s disposal, the operation in the Donbas is by no means going to plan. Russian troops are finding themselves getting stuck in the Ukrainian mud, so have been forced to travel in single-file convoys on paved roads, making them easy pickings for resistance forces. Coupled with the dangerously low morale of Putin’s troops, serious doubts are emerging as to whether the Russians can actually maintain the Donbas offensive. Speaking on The Telegraph’s ‘Ukraine: The Latest’ podcast, journalist Mutaz Ahmed said it is “becoming clear that Russia can’t defend itself from a medium to small-sized country”. He said: “That’s very embarrassing, and it adds to this sense that the Russian military is a paper tiger. READ MORE: Russia military arsenal laid bare with Putin to ‘declare all-out war' “In the first stage of the war, we saw that the Russian army had deep logistical problems, but there was this sense when they withdrew from the areas surrounding Kyiv that we would see, finally, this Russian might. “This great lion that we’ve been imagining would come back.” Instead, the world is seeing first-hand the “very deep” problem in the Russian forces as they experience much of the same issues they experienced in Kyiv and the surrounding regions. Citing Professor Phillips O’Brien, one of the UK’s leading strategic thinkers, he said: “The Russian army may not be able to survive in Donbas. “Soon they’ll be reliant on conscripts, their morale is even lower there in Donbas than it was in the first stage of the war, because you’re sending the same troops who have just suffered defeat. “They’ve just had to conduct war crimes and you’re sending them back into battle without much time to rest.” He added: “The Donbas question is still very open, and we’re seeing a military incapable of conducting any sort of war or conquest. “It’s very embarrassing for Russia.” DON'T MISS:Ukrainian journalist killed by Russian airstrike in Kyiv [LATEST]Ukraine LIVE: Putin allies encourage brutal attack on UK [QUOTES]Ukraine warns of failing peace talks with Moscow [NEW] Dr Mike Martin, military expert and war studies visiting fellow at King’s College London, offered an insight into the ground developments in Ukraine and what they could mean going forward. He tweeted that the Russians have “fizzled” as the units pulled out of Kyiv were thrown straight back into Battle. He said: “This is pretty hard and these new units would have been bruised and damaged from the Battle for Kyiv. “The Russians really had one chance - to build these units up - to build up a reserve, and then try to do some bold manoeuvre - and surround the Ukrainians in the East. “The reason that was their one chance is they didn’t have anywhere near the 3:1 attackers to defenders ratio that you need, and so clever manoeuvring was the only option they had. “The Russians needed to clout, not dribble. Unfortunately they dribbled.” Dr Martin suggested the Battle for Donbas will end within the next two to four weeks. He said: “Basically, the Russians are gonna run out of troops, and the Ukrainians are going to counter attack.” The toll of 66 days of war has caught up with much of the world, demonstrated clearly by Pentagon spokesman John Kirby in a speech on Friday. Mr Kirby said: “It’s hard to look at what [Putin is] doing in Ukraine, what his forces are doing in Ukraine and think that any ethical, moral individual could justify that. It’s difficult to look at the…” Mr Kirby appeared to choke up and had to regain his composure before continuing. He said: “'It's difficult to look at some of the images and imagine that any well-thinking, serious mature leader would do that. “So I can't talk to his psychology. But I think we can all speak to his depravity.”