Vanessa Lachey currently stars as Jane Tennent on CBS’ hit drama NCIS Hawaii. The actress also presents Netflix’s latest dating series The Ultimatum, alongside her husband Nick Lachey, where she gave viewers an insight into the challenges she faced during the early stages of their relationship.  The Ultimatum is Netflix’s latest dating experiment show which puts couples to the test to see if they truly want to take their relationship to the next level. After debuting earlier this month, the series introduced six couples at a crossroads in their romance. While one member was prepared to get married, the other was unsure and through the experiment, the couple would be able to know for sure if they wanted to remain an item. As the couple went through the trials, Vanessa was vulnerable and opened up about the early stages of her relationship with her husband Nick.  READ MORE: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview During a discussion at the dinner party in episode six, the star shared her experience: “If you look at someone like us, he was literally in a very public marriage and very public divorce. “And I had to go through all that s**t very publicly and it was hard for us.” Vanessa explained: “But it wasn’t until the moment that he was like ‘I’m gonna let it go,’ and I said ‘I’m gonna let it go’ we truly committed to each other. “We literally fell deeper and harder than we ever could.”  When Vanessa and Nick first met in 2004 when she was interviewing him as a newly solo artist on MTV TRL. At the time, he was also married to singer Jessica Simpson, however, when they filed for divorce in 2006, Nick and Vanessa reconnected. As the two also had a reality show they were the ‘it’ couple of that time, which made their break up a huge pop culture moment as it hit the tabloids. Upon reconnecting with Nick on the set of his music video for ‘What’s Left of Me,’ the two began to date until their wedding in 2011.  DON'T MISS...Charlene White suggests Harry's 'protection' remark aimed at Andrew [INSIGHT]The Ultimatum fans gobsmacked as reunion unveils shows first pregnancy [REACTION]The Ultimatum: Are Jake and Rae still together? [INSIGHT] The episode marks the first time Vanessa publicly opened up about Nick’s past and marriage to Jessica since their appearance on The Today Show in 2020. When Nick was questioned about revelations from Jessica’s autobiography, he shared he hadn’t read it and didn’t know about its contents He added: “But certainly happy for her in her life and I know she is happy for us, there is definitely a mutual respect there. “Obviously, it was a long time ago and we've all moved on.”  However, there was an awkward exchange, when host Hoda Kotb stated Jessica shared that the couple sent her “something beautiful” after she gave birth. A visibly confused Vannessa disputed the claims and disclosed they hadn’t sent anything. She said: “I feel bad, I'm sorry, you said somebody sent her cause … it wasn't us, but thank you, whoever sent it.” After Nick and Vanessa got married they went on to have three children and have created a new image for themselves as they also host another Netflix dating series, Love Is Blind. The Ultimatum is available on Netflix. 