Tottenham are on the cusp of qualifying for Europe, although they are no closer to discovering which competition they'll be in next season due to the ongoing battle for fourth spot. But regardless, UEFA rules mean that they may have to sell two of their three loan stars. Antonio Conte and Fabio Paratici may have a tricky summer ahead as they may have to sell two of their three loan stars in order to comply with UEFA rules. Under UEFA ruling, clubs are able to name 17 foreign players in their European squads but unlike the Premier League, players from Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland all count as overseas talent. Therefore the likes of Matt Doherty, Joe Rodon, Ben Davies and even Eric Dier due to his Portuguese upbringing would register as overseas rather than homegrown. With those inclusions, Tottenham would already have 16 of their 17 allowed allocation, but they have three overseas stars out on loan. This means that they may have to sell two of their three loan stars in order to comply with UEFA, and maybe they'll have to offload further players if they are to make new signings in the summer.  JUST IN: Chelsea player ratings: Lukaku and Christensen flop as Arsenal win to boost top-four hopes Tanguy Ndombele, Giovani Lo Celso and Bryan Gil are all overseas stars and they are all currently out on loan away from Tottenham. Upon the completion of their respected loan deals, this would leave Tottenham with 19 overseas players, meaning that they would be over the allowed cap enforced by UEFA. Spurs are targeting a top four finish, which would see them qualify for the Champions League once again, but the rules carry across all three tiers of European competition. So for Tottenham to name their best possible squad, they would have to sell at least two overseas stars, and that's before any new talent is brought in. Thankfully for Tottenham and Antonio Conte, that may not be too difficult initially as it looks as though Ndombele and Lo Celso have a future away from north London. But Lo Celso has started to prove some doubters wrong following his performances over in Spain.  DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports There seems to be a former Tottenham reunion going on in Villarreal, ironically under former Arsenal boss Unai Emery, as Lo Celso has joined Juan Foyth, Etienne Capoue and Serge Aurier over in Spain. And whatever they're doing is working as the Yellow Submarine have reached the semi-final of the Champions League. It is expected that Villarreal will trigger their option-to-buy clause inserted into the loan agreement by Tottenham, but his performances have left some Spurs fans thinking that he may still have a future at the club. However, one player that is almost certain to leave is Ndombele, as he appears to be enjoying life back in France. The Frenchman re-joined Lyon after a relatively unsuccessful spell at Tottenham, and Conte banished him after the midfielder stormed off in an FA Cup clash against Morecambe. Ndombele's attitude has always been a talking point, but the Frenchman has already been replaced by Rodrigo Bentancur who has impressed.  As has homegrown star Oliver Skipp, who signed a new contract on Wednesday extending his stay until 2027, which is a clear indication of Conte's plans moving forward. With Skipp, Bentancur, Hojbjerg and Harry Winks all in contention for two midfield spots, it's likely that Ndombele and Lo Celso will now move on. One loan star that will come back though is Bryan Gil, as the young Spaniard has been playing at Valencia while he progresses in his career. And he will return alongside Pape Matar Sarr, who is yet to kick a ball for the club. It was always going to be a busy summer for Conte, as the Italian gets to enjoy his first pre-season with Tottenham, but they are in need of a serious rejig from last season. Conte and Paratici are targeting new players, but there will have to be a flurry of outgoings in order to avoid penalties.  However, back-up goalkeeper Pierluigi Gollini's future is still in the balance, and if he is sent back to Atalanta then another overseas spot will have opened up. The Italian has barely featured for Tottenham due to the heroics of Hugo Lloris, and it's unlikely that Spurs will look to bring him in permanently. The back-up spot is a weak point in Conte's side though, as only Alfie Whiteman and Brandon Austin remain in the goalkeeping spot after Joe Hart was allowed to join Celtic. But after Lloris extended his stay until 2024, it's not a huge concern for Conte. It's expected to be a statement summer from Tottenham and Conte, with all eyes on Levy and the board to see just how Spurs will spend. And of course, it wouldn't be a typical summer transfer window if there weren't rumours that Harry Kane could leave either. 