The official synopsis for the next episode of NCIS: Los Angeles has been released, and it teases some hard-hitting moments for Special Agent Sam Hanna (played by LL Cool J). Having already lost his wife Michelle (Aunjanue Ellis), the CBS drama will throw even more of life’s hurdles at him when he undergoes a huge change after his father is diagnosed with a serious illness. Sam will be forced to sell his houseboat to look after his father in the next episode of NCIS: LA, MWD. In the 16th episode of season 13, Sam must make the difficult life decision to take more care of his father, Raymond Hanna (Richard Gant), who has Alzheimer’s. The episode’s official synopsis reads: “NCIS investigates the kidnapping of Master Sergeant Boomer, a military working dog. “Also, Sam looks to sell his boat so he can take care of his father who is suffering from Alzheimer’s.” READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts The team’s main case of the week should hopefully offer up a more light-hearted affair as they investigate a missing military dog. Viewers will be keeping their fingers crossed the faithful canine worker is retrieved safely. Meanwhile, Sam will have to say goodbye to what has been his home for the past several years following the death of his wife Michelle. Although the special agent will be sad to depart his long-time home, his lifestyle change will also lead to some exciting opportunities for him for the rest of the season and into season 14. We could see Sam becoming closer with his current girlfriend, Katherina Casillas (Moon Bloodgood), who hasn’t been seen since season 12, while he deals with this tough ordeal. Viewers will undoubtedly learn more about his father, who won’t actually be introduced in this episode just yet. Guest star Richard will debut as Raymond in the 300th episode of NCIS: LA, titled Work & Family. Raymond has previously just been mentioned in the series so far, though some key details about his life have been revealed. DON'T MISS:The Witcher season 3 theory: Ciri set for new romance [THEORY]MAFS Australia’s Olivia on ‘grudges’ after Domenica row [INSIGHT]Moon Knight fans emotional after Gaspard Ulliel title card [TRIBUTE] He had been in the Marines as a Colonel and joined the Navy after completing the military academy. Sam will now be moving in with Raymond to take care of his illness, which could give him a chance to learn more about his life before having a son. Guest star Richard is a veteran film and television actor, known for his supporting turns in films like Rocky V and The Big Lebowski. He has appeared in some more of the most popular sitcoms in television history, including Friends, How I Met Your Mother and Seinfeld. Richard has also had recurring roles in Deadwood, Men of a Certain Age, Mr Iglesias and The Neighbourhood. Speaking out on NCIS LA’s upcoming milestone, showrunner R Scott Gemmel said: “Reaching our 300th episode is such a blessing. “We are all so grateful for the support of the studio, network, and especially our fans who have supported us for 13 seasons and allowed us to work together as a cast, crew and family for all these years.” With some heavy moments between Sam and his father, the NCIS spin-off’s 300th episode is guaranteed to be one to remember. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.