The Grand Tour star Jeremy Clarkson has weighed in on the NHS debate, claiming that the current model of the public health provider "doesn't work anymore" and that as a country "we can't afford it". The Clarkson's Farm star, 61, admitted that he's kept his views to himself as he feels that speaking badly about the NHS is equivalent to blasphemy. Detailing his frustrations with the National Health Service, the Clarkson's Farm star claimed that the current model of the organisation came with a number of managers who liked to "show off", included over 2,000 surgeries which "cost a fortune" and employed over 1.7 million members of staff, which made it bigger than the "Indian Army." Jeremy wrote: "For some time I’ve thought that the NHS doesn’t really work any more, but of course I could never say that out loud because the NHS is a deity." However, the car fanatic explained that he feels compelled to speak out now after he claims the NHS was struggling during the peak of the Covid pandemic. Jeremy has now said that he's now starting to hear more widespread criticism of the UK's public health provider more frequently. READ MORE: 'Shut the f**k up!' Denise Welch rages at Jeremy Vine Show debate Writing in his column for The Sun, the farming star claimed that as a country, "we simply can't afford" the NHS. He went on to claim that operations such as cochlear implants set the health service back nearly £40,000, before going on to remark that the managers like "showing off" to their team. Branding the cost of operations funded by the service "staggering", Jeremy claimed: "For every £1 you pay in taxes, 40p is spent on the NHS. That leaves only 60p for the military, social services, the police, street lighting and every other d**n thing." The star added that "the time has come" for the NHS to "start again", and went on to propose that a "tough new boss" could be the way. He wrote: "A tough new boss could help by asking if it really needs people to choose what art should be hung on hospital walls, but really, the time has come to start again." Additionally, the star added that the UK could look to other countries' healthcare providers which fared better during the pandemic as examples for the NHS to model itself on. However, the owner of Diddly Squat Farm wittily claimed that would be every country apart from our own. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley proposed to wife Judy three weeks into 'affair'  [INSIGHT]Ulrika Jonsson, 54, says her three divorces 'tortured her soul' [ANALYSIS]Fern Britton admits being seen by neighbours while skinny dipping [UPDATE] This isn't the first time the Top Gear star has shared his views on the NHS. Two years ago, Jeremy branded the service as "badly run", claiming that it is "long past its sell-by date". Writing in his column for The Sunday Times, he penned: "I wish to take nothing away from the nurses and the doctors, who work very hard, but they'd all still be there if the whole thing were privatised. "It's just that they'd be better paid and better equipped and better prepared in a world where plagues can scream around the planet as though they're all David Frost," he added. The star's comments come a week after he addressed his worries about his future in farming amid growing costs and economic uncertainty spurred on by Brexit, and the ongoing crisis in Ukraine. The presenter turned farmer claimed in his column in The Times that he is now "rooted to the spot" and is unsure about his next move. He mused: "Fight or flight? Flee or wee? Pork pie or tongue? "I thought farming would be mostly chewing on bits of grass while leaning on a fence, not this. Not playing geopolitics," he added.