The state pension is seen as important for millions of people across the country. Many have paid in their National Insurance contributions and are expecting to get a sum back each week. However, getting the state pension is not a foregone conclusion. Individuals may not be aware the payment is not issued automatically. Instead, those who are eligible will have to submit a claim to receive the state pension to which they are entitled. This has been confirmed by the Government website, which reads: “You will not get your new state pension automatically - you have to claim it.” READ MORE: State pensioners could boost sum using National Insurance option People can now expect to receive their state pension at 66, as this is the current age of eligibility. No later than two months before a person reaches this birthday, they should receive a letter directly from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). This correspondence should lay out the steps Britons will need to take to claim their state pension. Those who have not received an invitation but who are within four months of reaching state pension age can still claim. DON'T MISS‘Had no idea!’ WASPI woman, 70, frustrated at state pension age change [EXCLUSIVE]Drawdown vs. annuity - how to determine what's best for your pension [ANALYSIS]Income tax may take a ‘big chunk’ out of Britons’ pay from this month [INSIGHT] There are different ways to claim, but the quickest is to go online via the Government’s tool. For the online service, Britons will need to provide: Alternatively, individuals can phone the Pension Service to get a state pension claim form posted to them. They can then send off the form to Pension Service 8, Post Handling Site B, Wolverhampton, WV98 1AF. People can still claim their state pension if they carry on working past state pension age. There is no longer a default retirement age at which people are required to leave the workforce. Once a claim for the state pension has been processed, their first payment will arrive within five weeks of reaching state pension age. After this point, Britons will get a full payment every four weeks. The Government has explained some people may get part of a payment before their first full payment. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, if this is the case, then the letter is likely to explain what Britons should expect. The day on which a person receives their state pension will vary according to their National Insurance number. The system takes the last two digits of a person’s number to determine their payment day - which is always a weekday. For numbers 00 to 19, payment can be expected on a Monday, and on a Tuesday for those with digits 20 to 39. If digits fall between 40 and 59, the state pension will be issued on a Wednesday. Thursday payments are for those with digits from 60 to 79, and 80 to 99 means payment is issued on a Friday.