The Kremlin said on Friday morning that an alleged Ukrainian air strike on a fuel depot in western Russia will hinder future peace talks. Negotiations had been scheduled to resume today after face-to-face talks in Istanbul came to a standstill earlier this week. Dmitry Peskov, the Kremlin's spokesman, told reporters: “Of course, this is not something that can be perceived as creating comfortable conditions for the continuation of negotiations.” Russia has accused Ukrainian helicopters of striking a fuel storage unit in the city of Belgorod with S-8 rockets after crossing the border at low altitude. Videos posted online appeared to show several missiles being fired from two helicopters, followed by a large explosion. The videos have not yet been verified by Western news agencies, and Ukraine has refused to confirm nor deny the strike, but it would be the first strike on Russian soil since World War 2 if proven correct. Vladimir Putin will speak to Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Friday after his country offered to act as a security guarantor country for Ukraine, after this week’s peace talks. Jonathan Jackson, a senior teaching fellow in policing and security at Birmingham City University, told Express.co.uk that any peace talks would “serve to strengthen” Putin, and branded the constant to-ing and fro-ing as “classic KGB tactics”. He said: “Any rest from the fighting will only serve to strengthen [Putin’s] position and weaken the Ukrainians capabilities and force them to accept unfavourable terms in future negotiations. READ MORE: Putin issues wheat threat - could spark second global supply shortage “It is also classic KGB tactics to always keep the enemy guessing, and the fact that ceasefires are arranged and then breached, ensures that Ukrainian officials and civilian populations are never able to psychologically relax and take stock themselves. “This state of perpetual fear is, of course, designed to wear down their ability to wage war.” Mr Jackson noted that the conflict in Ukraine is still finely-balanced, with several of Putin’s mistakes becoming increasingly evident. Asked about the chances of success in any peace talks, he said: “Diplomacy always requires a give and take, with leverage being the only currency. “Neither side has this dominance over the other, so the talks will stagnate. “We must recognise that unless the wider world intervenes, unlikely due to the risk of escalation, it is merely a matter of time till both sides really sit down and talk. “The Russian forces have the resources to maintain an extended engagement, cashing in on the old Soviet saying, ‘quantity has a quality all of its own’.” He added: “Successful peace summits are often categorised by the exhaustion of a state’s ability to continue to fight, loss of too many lives and desperation. “Unfortunately, we are not at this stage in the conflict, and until that is the case, both armies will continue to fight.” DON'T MISS:Zelensky fires two top Ukrainian security officials [REPORT]Ukraine-Russia: UK ambulances sent to conflict [NEW]Putin humiliated as 'busloads' of Russians flee Chernobyl [REPORT] Russia pledged earlier this week that it would be scaling back its military operation in the Kyiv and Chernihiv regions. Viacheslav Chaus, Chernihiv’s local governor, said in a video conference on Friday that Russian forces had started to withdraw. According to Reuters news agency, he said: “Air and missile strikes are (still) possible in the region, nobody is ruling this out.” He claimed Ukrainian forces were entering and securing previously Russian-held settlements. However, he warned his countrymen not to let their guard down as Russian troops "are still on our land”. As Russian troops begin to leave some areas, the first signs of apparent war crimes are emerging, the BBC reports. Footage of Russian forces shooting a man with his hands up on a highway outside Kyiv went viral at the beginning of March. Now that these troops have left the area, BBC teams found some 13 bodies on a stretch of road barely 200 metres long. Two of the dead have already been confirmed as Ukrainian civilians. It has not yet been confirmed who the remaining 11 are, but only two are wearing distinctive Ukrainian military uniforms. Many of the surrounding villages have been reduced to rubble, with bodies the only things remaining amid the stony desolation.