Harry's meeting with Mr Wallace was revealed by the Ministry of Defence on Twitter, which shared a picture showing the pair in conversation. The Duke of Sussex, who founded the Games, wore a formal outfit than as he took part in the gathering, which also included ministers of other countries. Sharing news of the meeting, the Defence Ministry account tweeted: "The #InvictusGames brings together nations from around the world to support wounded, injured and sick personnel. "Defence Secretary @BWallaceMP is at the Games, where he has met the Ukrainian Deputy Minister for Veteran Affairs and The Duke of Sussex, founder of the Games." It was welcomed by Twitter users, with some praising Harry for launching the Games in 2014 and the Invictus Games Foundation for the support it provides to ill, sick and injured veterans and military personnel. @sannetje_26 tweeted: "#InvictusGamesNL is magnificent! Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "Big compliments to #PrinceHarry and the organizers for putting this all up together and loud cheers for the inspiring and wonderful athletes and their families and friends." @Mimizwei wrote: "Invictus Games is indeed one of the best initiatives. What it does helps also friends and families = communities." And @chevtell said: "Good to see UK Defence Secretary @BWallaceMP show up to support the #InvictusGames for wounded, injured and sick veterans and personnel." Harry launched the Games in 2014 after being inspired by the Warrior Games, a similar multi-sports competition organised by the US Defense Department and open to military personnel and veterans suffering with mental or physical injuries. READ MORE: Harry accused of 'taking advantage' of Queen for Netflix documentary The Invictus Games highlights the healing power of sports and community and shows widespread support to people who put their lives at risk for their countries. Harry, a veteran who served twice in Afghanistan, and the UK Ministry of Defence collaborated in the past to raise awareness on the importance of taking care of military personnel's mental and physical well-being alike. In 2020, the Duke spearheaded the launch of the platform HeadFIT, designed to offer round-the-clock access to self-help tools that can help Army personnel to manage the stresses of everyday life and enhance their mood. This meeting comes one day after NBC's Today interview with Harry.  The Duke of Sussex discussed with US journalist Hoda Kotb fatherhood as well as his relationship with the Queen, whom he last met in person last week. As confirmed by their spokesperson, Harry and his wife Meghan Markle stopped at Windsor Castle while on their way to The Netherlands and had a meeting behind closed doors with Her Majesty. Speaking about seeing the monarch in person after many months apart, Harry said his grandmother was "on great form". He added: "She’s always got a great sense of humour with me and I’m just making sure that she’s protected and got the right people around her. "Both Meghan and I had tea with her, so it was really nice to catch up with her." The Duke did not elaborate on his comment regarding the Queen's protection. The Duke added he and his grandmother have a special relationship and they "talk about things that she can’t talk about with anybody else." Moreover, he said he missed his family in the UK but, when asked if he is missing Prince Charles and Prince William, stopped short of answering directly, saying his current focus was on the Games. The Duke also said he does not yet know whether he will return to the UK to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee, saying there are "security issues and everything else" which makes it impossible for him to give an answer at the moment. He added: "So this is what I'm trying to do - trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her." Harry, who lost taxpayer-funded police protection after stepping down as a full-time working royal two years ago, is currently seeking judicial review of the Home Office's decision not to let him pay for it whenever he and his family are in the UK. Harry's protection remark found its way to today's engagement carried out by Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William. The pair was leaving the headquarters of the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) in London, which they visited to learn more about the organisation's ongoing appeal in support of Ukraine, when a broadcaster asked: "Sir, does the Queen need protecting?" Neither the Duke nor the Duchess responded and continued into the vehicle before being driven away.