Abdul Noormohamed, 39, received five tickets for entering a ‘School Streets’ zone in Harrow during restricted hours. However, the father was handed fines even though he lives in the area covered by the scheme. Mr Noormohamed, from Marlborough Hill, shared he had also registered his car and van in the area during the initial trial period in 2020. He said he feels like he is “living in a prison” on his own road, and added his neighbours plan using longer routes home to avoid the cameras. He said: “I don’t understand what’s gone on. They’re sending fines to someone who lives in the zone, surely they can see that isn’t right if we’re supposed to be exempt?” Speaking to MyLondon, Mr Noormohamed added: “My head is spinning, it’s caused so much extra effort and stress. “We can’t have visitors, we don’t get deliveries. It’s got to the point now where we’re scared to go out on the road. “It’s like being a prisoner in your own home. I’m not usually one to complain – sometimes it’s just easier to pay the fine. But this is just crazy.” READ MORE: Snow tracker LIVE: UK braced for -6C Arctic blast- yellow warning Fines issued by Harrow Council have all been linked to his family car, despite being told when registering his vehicle during the ‘School Streets’ trial period he would not need to re-register. Mr Noormohamed said he has raised the issue with Harrow Council. He said the council did cancel the initial fine, but has since sent him four more tickets. After refusing to pay these, he received further letters threatening court action. Speaking to MyLondon, Mr Noormohamed added: “My head is spinning, it’s caused so much extra effort and stress. “We can’t have visitors, we don’t get deliveries. It’s got to the point now where we’re scared to go out on the road. “It’s like being a prisoner in your own home. I’m not usually one to complain – sometimes it’s just easier to pay the fine. But this is just crazy.” The ‘School Streets’ scheme fines unauthorised drivers for using Marlborough Hill between 8am and 9.30am - and 2.30pm and 4pm. Several school streets schemes were approved in Harrow following consultation with residents and schools. The Marlborough School scheme, which covers part of Marlborough Hill, Leys Close, Rugby Close, Ranmoor Gardens and Badminton Close, is scheduled to be reassessed after it received mixed feedback. Harrow Conservatives’ leader Cllr Paul Osborn said it was important to make the right call on this scheme to avoid changing it at a later date if it proved unpopular. A Harrow Council spokesperson also said: “We are aware of this case and are working with the resident to help resolve the issue.”