Toto Wolff has launched an attack on former race director Michael Masi, claiming he disrespected drivers and alienated race promoters. Wolff added that Masi was a “liability for the sport” after his instrumental role in the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Lewis Hamilton lost the chance to secure his eighth world title after a late-race safety car caused Max Verstappen to close up. The Dutchman was able to pass within a handful of corners due to pitting moments earlier for fresh tyres. However, there was controversy after Masi only allowed cars between Hamilton and Verstappen to unlap themselves. An FIA report into the drama blamed “human error” for the controversy. However, the Mercedes team principal revealed he had spoken to Masi to give him a piece of his mind even before the race. Speaking to the Press Association, he said: “It is quite interesting because I had lunch with him [Masi] on the Wednesday before the race, and I said to him that ‘I really want to tell you, without patronising you, that you need to take criticism on board and develop from there. Lewis does it every day, but you are guy who always seems to know better’. READ MORE: Toto Wolff hits out at F1 jewellery crackdown after Hamilton targeted “It wasn’t about influencing him but really giving my honest feedback that he shouldn’t block outside opinion as simply being wrong. You hear from the drivers and how the drivers’ briefings were conducted [by Masi] and some of the guys said it was almost disrespectful how he treated some of them. “There is a promoter of one of the races in the Middle East who said he was so relieved he had gone because he got so much abuse from him. He was just immune to any feedback and even today he has not properly reflected that he did something wrong. DON'T MISSMercedes' Toto Wolff gives reasons he's 'optimistic' after Australia [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton retirement fears played down by Toto Wolff [ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff makes Alonso point as Lewis Hamilton fears played down [COMMENT] “He was a liability for the sport because everybody kept talking about Abu Dhabi and the race director, and the race director should not be somebody that people talk about, but someone who does the job and makes sure the race is run according to the regulations.” Masi was replaced by the FIA ahead of the new season with two new race directors appointed in his place. Niels Wittich has been present across the first three races but World Endurance Championship director Eduardo Freitas will also play a supporting role.