On the final day of his two-day trade mission to India, the Prime Minister confirmed that an agreement on widening visa access will be a key part of a wide-ranging post-Brexit trade deal with the fast-growing Asian power.  And after talks with Indian premier Narendra Modi, he forecast that the deal could be signed in time for the Hindu festival of Diwali in October. Four of the 12 chapters of the comprehensive free trade agreement - covering trade, quality issues, innovations and small and medium-sized businesses - have already been drafted. Officials said there was close agreement between the two leaders on their efforts to strengthen trade links between the two countries in the talks at a presidential palace in Hyderabad, Delhi. “We’re using our Brexit freedoms to reach a bi-lateral Free Trade Agreement, and today prime minister Modi and I told our negotiators to get it done by Diwali in October,” the Prime Minister said.|" “This could double our trade and investment by the end of the decade, driving down prices for consumers, and increasing wages across the UK by as much as £3 billion.” Mr Johnson said wider visa access for Indian workers will be included in the deal to help tackle labour shortages in a string of sectors in the UK economy including information technology and computer programming. And he insisted the move would not conflict with his post-Brexit drive up the skills and wages of British workers. “What I want to see is a lot of those people who are currently on the unemployment register off benefits and into work." “I want to see people get the skills that they need to do the jobs that the UK has begging to be done - there many of them, in lots of sectors." “But we have some particular shortages, if you look at information technology and computer programming there is no question that Indian skills can make a difference,” he said." “I’m going to prioritise skilling up British people to do those jobs. But I’m not going to be dogmatic in refusing to allow people with skill and talent to aspire to come to the UK." “Our country has done brilliantly well from having people of ambition, skill and genius coming here." “All I would say is that we need it to be controlled. It in no way changes the advantages of the points-based system." “The points-based system now gives us the ability to decide which sectors need which types of workers and how we can deal with immediate shortages. And that’s what we’re going to do.”   Mr Johnson said his two days in India - including first official visit by a Tory prime minister to Gujarat - had been “fantastic” and his talks with Mr Modi were “wonderful.” He said: “On this visit alone we’ve secured new deals worth £1 billion, creating more than 11,000 jobs.” Mr Johnson said his visit came amid a “deepening a friendship with a nation with whom we have profound ties of culture, language and kinship.” Immediately after his talks with Mr Modi, the Prime Minister said he had been given an “amazing reception” in India. “I believe the partnership between Britain and India - one the oldest democracies – Britain is one of the oldest and India certainly the largest democracy is one of the defining friendships of our times." He said a free trade agreement between the UK and India would lift tariffs on a string of imports and exports to boost both economies. “This could double our trade and investment by the end of the decade widening that living bridge into a multi-lane motorway – culivating with beautiful jointly made electric vehicles and creating hundreds of thousands of new jobs in both our countries." So as India celebrates its 75th year of independence,  I am filled with optimism about the years ahead and the depth of the friendship between our countries, and the security and prosperity that our partnership can deliver for our people for generations to come. Mr Modi said of a free trade agreement (FTA) with the UK that there has been “good progress and we have decided to make all efforts to conclude the FTA by the end of this year”. The pair met with a warm shake of the hands under the morning heat in New Delhi after Mr Johnson watched a military band play God Save The Queen. 