   This Morning presenter Alison Hammond, 47, tipped her ITV colleague Rylan Clark, 33, to be Big Brother’s next presenter after new reports that the series will return. Big Brother finished up after 18 years on the air in November 2018, but now there is talk of a revival.      After four years of absence, viewers may be about to see the return of Big Brother, with the series reportedly set to move channels to ITV2. Alison, who first found her fame through Big Brother back in 2002, took to social media to share the exciting news. Tweeting out to her 415,900 Twitter followers, she wrote: “Only One Man for the job @Rylan.” Her recommendation for Rylan to be host comes after a TV source claimed that ITV will find a new home for Big Brother on ITV2, with the hopes of appealing to a younger audience demographic.     They said: “ITV is the home of big appointment telly. They know better than anyone how to put on big live events. “They think putting it on ITV2 will open it up to a new audience and legion of younger fans. “They are really keen on getting the deal done on Big Brother, and hope to have something firm to announce soon. “The talks are still at an early, and delicate, stage and the next few weeks will be key,” the source continued.      “It needs the full treatment and they’re confident they are the ones who can return it to its legendary former glory. “It has millions of fans and is one of the most iconic TV shows of its generation,” the TV insider told The Sun. It was also reported that Rylan is in fact on the shortlist to host the new season, having presented spin-off Big Brother's Bit on the Side from 2013 to 2018. When approached by Express.co.uk about the report, ITV declined to comment. READ MORE... Fans ecstatic as comic Peter Kay returns to the stage [LATEST] Martin Kemp admits he and wife Shirlie have 'empty heart syndrome' [INSIGHT] 'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands [NEWS]     Rylan recently spoke about wanting Big Brother to return in an interview with Express.co.uk at the Boots No7 Pro Derm Scan launch party last week. When asked about which of his many TV show gigs was his favourite, the Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes two presenter was decisive with his answer. “Big Brother,” he replied quickly. “I mean, I ended up getting a career from Big Brother and a husband. “Yeah, it changed my life. Big Brother changed my life.”    Rylan was then asked whether he would like to host the show if it did make a return to our screens. “That wouldn't be up to me, but Big Brother needs to come back,” he replied. Rylan found fame ten years ago on the ninth series of The X Factor, and has recently revealed that he will be releasing a book entitled 10 to celebrate a decade of working in the showbiz industry. The star won the 11th series of Celebrity Big Brother in 2013, which launched his career as a presenter in shows like Big Brother's Bit on the Side, This Morning and The Xtra Factor. Alison hosts This Morning every Friday from 10am to 12.30pm with co-star and former X Factor host Dermot O'Leary.   