It is extraordinary that here we are in 2022 debating the definition of a woman. It’s not difficult: a woman is an adult human female. But why are the Labour Party, Liberal Democrats, Greens and even the so-called Women’s Equality Party unable to state this fundamental truth? Why can’t they acknowledge basic biology and the importance of defending single-sex spaces? I can only assume it is because they are more frightened of a small, but very aggressive, minority than they are of women. We all know how vile these bullies can be, we have all seen the threats they spew out on social media, but it’s time politicians started listening to the no-longer silent majority. Our campaign brings together women from the left and the right of politics, as well as women who have no political allegiances. So many are utterly despairing at the failure of Left-leaning parties to step away from the ideology and actually listen to common sense people up and down this country. Many of our members tell us they would never vote for a Conservative candidate — but are desperate for Labour, the Liberal Democrats and Greens to read the room and get a grip on reality. Too often this is framed as a discussion of "trans" rights. We abhor bigotry and as JK Rowling famously tweeted we support everyone’s right to live their best life. Dress however you please. Call yourself whatever you like. Sleep with any consenting adult who’ll have you. Live your best life in peace and security. But do not ask us to suspend belief in reality. Words matter, in law and in practice — and the conflation of sex and gender has done a huge disservice to women, girls and also to the LGBT community. There is also a huge difference between a transexual man, who has undergone gender reassignment surgery, and a man in a dress – and the British public has no doubt about this. When the polling group YouGov asked whether or not “A transgender woman is a woman”, most people answered “yes” and thought this group should have access to women’s spaces. But when the public was asked about those who had NOT undergone gender reassignment surgery, the majority thought they should not be allowed to use female changing rooms and toilets. Some politicians and commentators may struggle to define what a woman is, but the vast majority have no trouble telling the difference between a woman and a man. We urge them to send a clear message to all Election 2022 candidates to respect sex-based rights.