The UK, US and its allies have responded to Russian President Vladimir Putin’s decision to launch a full-scale invasion of Ukraine with a raft of sanctions in the past month. Though a number of global powers have committed to the penalties a handful have chosen to sit on the fence and not criticise the Kremlin’s actions. India was one of three countries that abstained from voting during a United Nations (UN) vote held a day after Russia’s invasion, on February 24. Since then New Delhi has refused to take part in further votes denouncing Russia’s actions, including those held at the UN General Assembly and UN Human Rights Council. In fact, on social media the hashtags #IStandWithPutin and #istandwithrussia have both trended at points in the past month. Following India’s independence, in 1947, the country has held close ties with Moscow and the two have backed each other on a number of international topics - including the issue of sovereignty in Kashmir.  In 1971, India signed the Treaty of Peace, Friendship and Co-operation with the now defunct Soviet Union. Then in 2000 the two nations agreed to a Declaration of Strategic Partnership - 10 years later this became a “Special and Strategic Partnership”. Moscow is also India’s biggest arms supplier and is who New Delhi signed a $5.43 billion (£4.17 billion) deal with to purchase Russia’s S-400 missile defence system, in 2018. To date, Israel has refused to commit to comprehensive sanctions against Russia or send weapons to help Ukraine fight the war. The two countries have shared a relationship of convenience after re-establishing ties following the end of the Cold War. READ MORE: French urged to turn off dishwashers as energy crisis deepens Geopolitically, Moscow holds great significance to Israel as a power-broker in neighbouring Syria. Israel regularly carries out airstrikes on Iranian targets in Syria, which it regards as critical to prevent the transfer of precision-guided missile technology to Lebanon's Hezbollah militant group. Ahead of conducting attacks its forces coordinate with Russia and there are concerns that if the relationship with Moscow goes sour, so too could Israel's freedom of action in Syria. There is also some talk that action of any kind from Israel could stir up antisemitism against Ukraine and Russia’s large Jewish communities. Although Jerusalem has imposed some sanctions against Russia it has stopped short of adopting all the measures announced by the West. DON'T MISS'Abandon now' Russian mum urges son to quit army as morale in tatters [VIDEO]Rees-Mogg defends Brexit forecast as he insists prices will fall [LISTEN]British farmers face extra £760m bill as Putin BLOCKS key exports [INSIGHT] China, like India, has abstained from votes held by the UN and underlined its stance of neutrality on the war in Ukraine. Instead, media outlets in Beijing have repeated the rhetoric from Russia that the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) is to blame for war breaking out. Like Russia, China is also a communist nation which has faced rebuttal from the West, owing to its aggression towards Taiwan and accusations that it is committing human rights abuses against ethnic minority groups. Last February, Moscow and Beijing issued a joint statement outlining their agreement on a number of issues facing their respective countries. Within the statement China said it agreed with Russia’s stance of opposing greater expansion of NATO within Europe.