Lara Javis, 38, is a prominent YouTube vlogger showcasing her family life alongside money and budgeting tips. She has highlighted six key tips for families on a budget looking to make the most of their Easter holidays including how to get dining discounts.  Ms Javis noted that being money saving starts with planning, saying it “is the best tool you can use to save yourself some cash”. She suggested families research free activities in their localities and plan around these days, as well as taking the weather forecast into account. She explained: “Take a look at the forecast and if you see some sunny days then use these for free outdoor activities such as a trip to the beach or a local lake and park. Pack up a flask and a picnic and you’ve got a free day out. “For rainy days get creative with bedding and cushions and make a den to enjoy a movie afternoon in, throw some fairy lights up and pop some snacks into a bowl and let their imagination take them somewhere fun!”   Ms Javis shared a unique way families could earn some extra pounds during the holidays: “A great way to double up on activities is to spend a day decluttering with your children to sell their unwanted things and then either spend the morning at a car boot sale selling them or putting them on free selling sites such as Marketplace or Vinted.” Families can then use this additional income to give their children a “yes day”, where they are able to do what they choose. She said: “This keeps them busy for a couple of days leading up to the day out, as well as them having a brilliant time on their special day. “This is something you could do seasonally, selling old toys and clothes and then enjoying a day out without it having to hit the family budget. Even if you don’t have much to spend, a yes day could be as silly as a one-off treat of dessert for breakfast, a water fight, doing mum’s make up or camping out in the garden!”     When the children go on school holiday it is common for parents to book up and plan almost every hour of this free time. But Ms Javis highlighted it doesn’t have to be like this, and said: “The mum-guilt always used to make me feel like I had to give them ‘the best time ever’. But the truth is, you don’t have to pack out every day full of big, and expensive, plans. “Chances are your children will be grateful for a bit of a rest to begin with – wouldn’t we all! So don’t let outside influences such as little snapshots of the lives of strangers on the internet make you feel bad for having a few days of no elaborate plans dotted into the weeks ahead. “Sometimes they’re just as happy relaxing at home, we all need to recoup some energy!”  Ms Javis highlighted Tastecard which offers two for one dining deals at family favourite restaurants. Tastecard research revealed that the average family restaurant outing costs £56.31, meaning families could save up to £28 on eating out. Ms Javis added that searching for other discount codes or joining a dining club could also help Britons keep their pennies. Ms Javis commented: “The chances are your friends will also be finding the juggle a struggle, so why not plan out some childcare swap days with trusted friends so that you can help ease the load for each other.”  She shared that her children are “just as happy” having a playdate and picnic in a friends backyard than they are with “extravagant days out”. For those wanting to be more on the extravagant side, looking for cinemas or tickets to popular attractions, Ms Javis advised Tastecard again for their discounts. She said: “With a tastecard, you can enjoy a huge 40 percent off cinema trips and up to 50 percent off at the UK’s biggest attractions like Alton Towers and Legoland. They’re currently offering a free 60-day trial too, to help you save for longer!” She concluded: “Whatever you choose to do this Easter holiday, just remember you don’t have to bust your budget to have a good time together.”