Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has been told that he could get £30million for Conor Gallagher if he turns a blind eye to his form and decides to sell him. Gallagher joined Crystal Palace on loan from the Blues at the start of the campaign and has enjoyed a sensational season at Selhurst Park. Gallagher started training with Chelsea at the age of six and progressed through the ranks at Stamford Bridge before enjoying temporary spells with Charlton Athletic and Swansea City in the Championship. The 22-year-old was given his first taste of Premier League football during a loan spell with West Brom last season before being shipped off to the Eagles at the start of this campaign. And during his time in south London, Gallagher has become one of the best young players in the county, racking up eight goals and five assists in the process. And former Premier League striker Noel Whelan thinks the Blues could land a nice payday if they decide to move him on permanently this summer. “Gallagher’s certainly not doing himself any harm, is he,” Whelan told Football Insider. “He’s performing brilliantly at Crystal Palace and really putting himself about. READ MORE: Three players Arsenal can sign to fix issue Ian Wright has picked out    “It will be hard to ignore a player like that for Thomas Tuchel. You just can’t turn a blind eye when he’s putting in performances like that. I’m sure he’ll be rewarded in some way at Chelsea - and I’m sure he’ll get the opportunity to show his worth in pre-season. And if things don’t work out then Chelsea have still made themselves £30m. It’s a win either way.” Gallagher’s prodigious talents were recognised by England boss Gareth Southgate earlier this season as the player was handed his Three Lions debut last November. The youngster came on as a half-time substitute against San Marino as England ran out 10-0 winners. He then made his first England start last month when his country defeated Switzerland and came off the bench when Southgate’s team beat Ivory Coast a few days later. DON'T MISSTen Hag has already failed first Sir Alex Ferguson test ahead of Man Utd moveReal Madrid have a chance to sign a better striker than Mbappe and wound BarcelonaLiverpool icon Jamie Carragher tears into Man Utd over Cristiano Ronaldo - 'Embarrassing'      Chelsea could yet decide to thrust Gallagher into their side next season when he returns to Stamford Bridge. And Tuchel has previously admitted he will assess the situation in the summer. “We are happy that he is our player - we are happy it is like this,” Tuchel said in February. “He needs to finish the season with Crystal Palace in the best possible way and we will see what he wants, what we want - and then we will have a talk and decide. But I’m happy that he’s our player.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 