Manchester City's pursuit of Borussia Dortmund's Erling Haaland could be coming to a close in the next few weeks and new reports suggest that in a bid to convince him to join the club over Real Madrid, City transfer chiefs have told the star he can join the Spanish outfit in two years' time if he so pleases. Haaland, 21, has scored an incredible 58 league goals in 63 games for Dortmund since his £20million move from Salzburg in January 2020. The Norwegian has announced himself as the best young striker in the world with his exploits for the German side in the league and in European competitions. But with Dortmund rarely challenging for silverware, Haaland is said to be wanting a move to one of Europe's elite clubs to make the next step in his career. City, who are in need of a striker to complete their star-studded squad after Sergio Aguero left last August, are reportedly in the driving seat for his signature, although they face competition from Real Madrid. Los Blancos were said to be Haaland's first choice, although with Karim Benzema to contend with, it is hard to see how Carlo Ancelotti would fit the duo together. And that is where City have stolen a march. It is even claimed they have given Haaland reassurances that he can move to Spain in two to three years, according to Guillem Balague. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims "So [Erling] Haaland is more open than he has ever been to join City," Balague tweeted. "City has played all the cards to convince him to come. Including, stay with us 2-3 years and you can always go to RM [Real Madrid] next. "Also Pep [Guardiola]. Haaland has heard that him arriving could confirm the manager staying for longer." Haaland spoke out on his future back in January, claiming that a decision on his future would have to be made soon. DON'T MISS West Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injuryAjax chief lets slip on Erik ten Hag's Man Utd verbal agreement - 'We tried everything'Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims  "That is what they [Dortmund] want. It means things will happen now. They have started to put a lot of pressure on me, and I have to accept that … so now is the time to get things started. "We are in the middle of a difficult period, with a lot of games. I have said from the beginning that I want to focus on football, because that is when I am at my best. But I can’t do that now."