Official EastEnders spoilers confirm Bernie (played by Clair Norris) will begin to question giving the baby away. As she suffers more setbacks with her job on the BBC soap, she is likely to be in a vulnerable place. Noticing Rainie (Tanya Franks) with baby Roland, she begins to feel heartbroken. Wanting to get away from the Square and her family, she could make a drastic decision. Will she decide to take Roland and run away? In upcoming scenes, Vinny Panesar (Shiv Jalota) offers Bernie her job back. However, her mother Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley) advises Bernie she should take it easy and rest for a while. Rainie invites Bernie to come and visit Roland, but she refuses, finding it too painful. Later, she gets some advice from Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) and feeling inspired, tells Vinny she’ll return to work. While there, she is delighted to run into her old friend, Molly (Juliette Alexandra). READ MORE: Kate Bliss children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? Her happiness soon fades though when she reads the new terms of her contract. Furious, she leads a walkout with the rest of the employees, leaving a shocked Vinny unsure of what to do. At the Panesars, Dotty Cotton (Milly Zero) tries to convince Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) that Vinny is capable of handling the business. Vinny struggles to stop Bernie and the others from protesting though, and when Bernie spots Rainie, her heart breaks over Roland. However, this makes her more determined than ever and she refuses to stop. Once Dotty learns about the situation, she decides to step in to help her boyfriend before Suki finds out. She threatens to fire Bernie and later tracks down some paperwork proving the contracts are legal. Bernie refuses to back down though - could she lose her job? If Suki gets involved, she won't be forgiving. Emotional about everything that's been going on, losing her job might push Bernie to make a big decision. It's possible she will realise she wants her baby and leave the Square, with nothing to lose now her job is gone. DON'T MISS... Vine caller demands host take pay cut amid rising prices [LATEST]Meghan's ‘Archetypes’ trademark mocked by Vine 'Embarrassing' [VIDEO]Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage [LATEST] She might do this by taking up Rainie's offer of visiting the baby, and when her back is turned making a run for it. Rainie has been desperate to become a mother, and has already lost Abbie after Max Branning (Jake Wood) went on the run with her. She will no doubt be devastated, but will Bernie eventually see sense and return? Bernie began to have doubts about the agreement when she realised the Highways had lied about Stuart's cancer. When he was still adamant about not receiving treatment, Bernie said she wouldn't allow the baby to go to them. "You said yesterday we were going to be fine," Bernie tearfully stated. "You said you weren't going nowhere - that's not true. If you don't get the treatment you need, you're not going to be fine." She argued: "You're not going to be around for the baby or Rainie." Rainie even agreed with Bernie's decision, but later Stuart decided he would have the surgery. However, with things not looking good for her, she might change her mind once again.  Karen had tried to talk Bernie out of being a surrogate ever since she first decided to. Bernie's main motive was to get some extra money for her family. If she loses her job and is once again struggling financially, it's possible Bernie might become desperate to get away. With her ex Molly back on the scene, she might enlist her help in getting away and staying under the radar. EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.