Ukraine's ports have been blocked during the Russian invasion and the major agricultural producer has been forced to export by train via its western border and small Danube river ports into Romania. New Voice executive director Nika Melkozerova warned of “global hunger” after she revealed Moscow had cut off grain supplies in Kherson, the first big city it has seized where people were being “kidnapped” and “tortured”.  She tweeted: “Russia has decided to take grains from the occupied Kherson Oblast that has been on the verge of a humanitarian disaster for its own needs. “Why no one can stop those f** Russians?! They kidnap and torture people in Kherson, they take away their food and they want to own them! “Ukraine used to be a major grain supplier for African countries. Those countries have to step up and call Russia to stop harassing and killing Ukraine. Russia is causing hunger not only for Ukraine. It is causing hunger globally.” This is not the first time Russia has been accused of trying to force the people of Ukraine to surrender by cutting off food supplies. Putin was accused of attempting to starve the population of devastated city Mariupol in order to force them to back down. It comes as the Ministry of Defence said despite the losses of the cruiser Moskva and the landing ship Saratov, Russia's Black Sea Fleet retained the ability to strike targets in Ukraine.  READ MORE:Putin's war on brink of entering new frontier amid explosions Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said it was vital that Ukraine, as a major grain producer, continued to have access to the Black Sea as an outlet for its exports. He told Sky News: ”We have said we will source and supply, if we can, anti-ship missiles. "It's incredibly important that the grain that affects us all, the food prices, does get to get out of Ukraine, that the Russians can't control the Black Sea.”  DON'T MISS Putin unleashes 'spy dolphins' in Black Sea to scare off enemy [PICTURES]He destroyed Russia' Russians warned to take 'generations' to recover [OPINION]Germany sparks EU outrage over plan to pay for gas in rubles [COMMENT] As Moscow tightens its grip over the southern Ukrainian region, local authorities say Russia has appointed its own mayor of Kherson after its troops took over the administration headquarters in the regional capital, which was the first big urban centre to be seized after the February 24 invasion. Ukraine said there were strong explosions overnight in the southern city of Kherson. Russian troops there used tear gas and stun grenades to suppress pro-Ukrainian demonstrations, and are now shelling the entire surrounding region and attacking towards Mykolaiv and Kryvyi Rih, President Vladimir Zelenskiy's southern home city.  Kyiv accused Moscow of planning to stage a fake independence referendum in the occupied south. Russian state media quoted an official from a self-styled pro-Russian "military-civilian commission" in Kherson on Thursday as saying the area would start using Moscow's rouble currency from May 1. Western countries have ramped up weapons deliveries to Ukraine in recent days as the fighting in the east has intensified. More than 40 countries met this week at a US air base in Germany and pledged to send heavy arms such as artillery for what is expected to be a vast battle of opposing armies along a heavily fortified front line. In a keynote foreign policy speech, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said the UK needed to strengthen its military while building alliances with free nations around the world, using their economic power to deter aggressors who "do not play by the rules". She said the G7 group of leading industrialised nations should act as an "economic Nato" defending collective prosperity, while the Western military alliance must be prepared to open its doors to countries such as Finland and Sweden.  Speaking at the Mansion House in the City of London, Ms Truss singled out China, which has refused to condemn the invasion of Ukraine, while increasing imports from Russia and commenting on "who should or shouldn't be a Nato member”. She said: "China is not impervious. They will not continue to rise if they do not play by the rules. “China needs trade with the G7. We represent around half of the global economy. And we have choices. "We have shown with Russia the kind of choices that we're prepared to make when international rules are violated."