"But dismissal would be wrong as they may need psychological help and sacking them would play into the hands of the woke mob. The bigger question is why are MPs allowed to use any electronic devices for anything while in the Commons? "They are supposed to be making the decisions we elected them to make, to ensure our lives are better, not catching up on EastEnders, flicking through Netflix or watching pornography.We demand focus, respect and empathy. We demand better." "Why not ban mobile phones from the House of Commons? This would immediately put a stop to any possibility of MPs watching improper content", says Maurice Hickman from Petersfield, Hants. "It might also keep them off Twitter or stop them keeping up with their emails during debates. "They might even start listening to the person who is speaking." "The pornography incident proves the need to ban all smartphones from Parliament", says Joe Neal from Castlebridge, Wexford. "The use of these pocket computers during debates is an insult to the voters.Any urgent messaging should be handled "off-stage" by MPs' secretaries." "Please pass on my thanks to Ann Widdecombe, she speaks for me ("We mustn't play Harry's game in UK", April 27)" says Deborah Wisdom from Canterbury, Kent/  "His wife is not someone I have taken to. Why we made all that fuss over their marriage is beyond me."   "I was disgusted to hea rAnn Widdecombe's view on working from home ("It's a home win for parents and planet", April 27)", says Glad Brown from Ashley Heath, Hants. "When you can't speak on the phone to a doctor, the government or a local council because they are all working from home there is something wrong". "Even before the start of this war it seemed thatVladimir Putin was pulling the strings of theWest with lies, deceit and threats of retaliation if it interferes ("Putin ramps up nuclear threat", April 28)", says Jean Norfolk from Knottingley West Yorks. "While his armies steadily move in and kill and maim without compunction, Putin, like a child bragging at school, claims he has nuclear missiles that could reach and the UK and other countries. "He holds the West to ransom, with fear as his weapon, simply because he is terrified of the prospect of Ukraine and others joining Nato". 