Power Book IV: Force is the third spin-off to come from the Power universe, following Book II: Ghost and prequel Book III: Raising Kanan. The Starz drug drama saw Tommy Egan (played by Joseph Sikora) leave his life in New York behind to start afresh. It wasn't too long though before someone from his past joined him in Chicago wanting her own new chapter. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Power Book IV. Liliana was a drug runner working for James "Ghost" St Patrick (Omari Hardwick) and Tommy in the first season of Power. She was attacked at knifepoint by Pink Sneakers who had been hired by Kanan Stark (Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson) to cause some chaos for his enemies, thus why she has a scar on her cheek. Tommy wanted her dead at the time as she was a liability but Ghost decided against murdering her and instead set Liliana free. Since joining Tommy in Chicago, while they didn't get off to the best start, the pair quickly learned to trust one another. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slates Alex Beresford after infamous GMB feud Liliana remained loyal to Tommy throughout Power Book IV season one and fans grew to like their dynamic. But to get her revenge against Tommy and Diamond (Isaac Keys), Claudia Flynn (Lili Simmons) shot Liliana and she died in his arms, much like when Ghost was killed. Actress Audrey Esparza who plays Liliana, has not come out to address her exit from the Starz drama. Therefore, there has been no official announcement on why she left. However, despite Esparza appearing in every episode of Force's first series, bar the pilot, she was not made a series regular. This is an indication that it had been the plan prior to filming that Liliana would leave in the first season. More than likely, her exit was a creative decision made by the writers of the show, rather than Esparza herself. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Eva Price to return in Toyah adoption twist [THEORY]Outlander season 6 star confirms father of Malva Christie’s baby [CAST]Outlander fans spot clue proving Jamie is not father of Malva's baby [REACTION] "That was a brilliant decision of [creator] Courtney Kemp to do that, in the way of," Skora told Digital Spy. "What a great actor Audrey Esparza is from certainly one of my favorite relationships that develop over the course of the first season. “And I think in a lot of ways that she is that little piece of New York that Tommy needs to keep going. "There’s obviously huge conflict between them but the relationship that develops in terms of understanding is probably more comforting to Tommy than any other relationship in the series.” This is far from the end of Tommy's story as Power Book IV has already been renewed by Starz. The streaming service gave the drama the green light for a second season earlier this year. If the first series premiere is anything to go by, fans could expect the new series to begin sometime in early 2023. Power Book IV: Force is available to watch on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.