In 2019, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced that they were working to become "financially independent" and would be taking a "step back" from the Royal Family. A statement shared by the couple at the time noted that they planned to split their time between North America and the UK. However, their plans to conduct duties for the Firm were dashed as the Queen announced that after "many months of conversations and more recent discussions" the couple would be stepping back completely from their roles as senior royals in spring 2020. Since quitting royal duties, the couple has gone on to establish new careers including signing deals with streaming giants Netflix and Spotify. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced their deal with Netflix in September 2020 but they are yet to produce any content for the platform. One of the couple’s first projects to be announced was a docuseries about competitors involved in The Invictus Games. Prince Harry is expected to appear on camera and be the executive producer for the series, called Heart of Invictus. A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirmed on Monday that Meghan will attend the first couple of days of the competition. The couple are expected to be followed by a Netflix documentary crew throughout the Games. However, one royal fan pointed out that this would be an unfeasible feat if the pair had been granted their initial request to conduct royal duties part-time by splitting their time between America and Britain. READ MORE: Queen given fake hand for when arm tired during royal engagements The royal watcher pointed out that as the Invictus Games is a charitable foundation and taxpayer funds are used to host the event, there may be a conflict of interest in filming it for commercial for-profit purposes. The user, @prince_scarf, who calls themselves a "Cambridge Fan", wrote: “A lot of questions about conflicts of interest surrounding Sussexes filming [Invictus Games] as part of their Netflix deal, with it being a charity and taxpayer funds involved in executing the event. “Now imagine they were still working royals. This is why being part-time royals couldn’t work.” Another, @bswinnyc, chimed in to claim it would be a “huge conflict of interest” due to the couple’s “self-dealing”. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan 'addicted to drama' as couple snub [LIVE UPDATES] Queen secures victory for Jubilee horse race [INSIGHT] ‘Lost in admiration’ Princess Anne amazes with 20 engagements [REVEAL] Twitter user @mog1717 said: “[Her Majesty] and her advisors saw this situation coming years ago and knew it would be untenable”, before adding: “It was always unworkable because of conflicts of interest like this.” While the exact details of the deal have not been disclosed several reports have suggested it could be worth in excess of $100million (£72million). Announcing their deal with Netflix, the couple said they wanted to create content that “informs but also gives hope”. Due to Covid, the games were postponed from 2020 to 2021, but will now take place from 16 to 22 April this year. The Invictus Games was where the couple chose to make their first public appearance together almost five years ago. Meghan made her first appearance at an official engagement attended by Harry in September 2017 when she attended the Invictus Games opening ceremony in Toronto, although the pair sat about 18 seats apart. The following day, the pair emerged holding hands to make their first official public appearance together at the wheelchair tennis. Competitors from Team UK said they would like to see Harry and Meghan accompanied by their children Archie and Lilibet at the Games. However, the children are not expected to be in attendance.