Liverpool ensured they maintained the heat on Premier League leaders Manchester City as they secured a 2-0 victory over Merseyside rivals Everton at Anfield, courtesy of two second-half goals from Andy Robertson and Divock Origi. The Toffees had frustrated the hosts in the opening 45 minutes, packing numbers behind the ball but the Reds eventually made the breakthrough before killing off Frank Lampard's side, who are now living in fear of the drop following Burnley's 1-0 win over Wolves. Here's how Liverpool's players rated... Alisson - 6 Punched when he shouldn't of done in the second half from Vitaliy Mykolenko's free-kick. Didn't have too much to do but did get the fans cheering when he collapsed to the turf with the ball in his arms, in the closing minutes. Trent Alexander-Arnold - 5 Poor by his standards. Very sloppy and shaky at times defensively - although he did whip in some fine crosses. Booked for a lunge of Anthony Gordon, who caused him major problems. Joel Matip - 7 Could have easily given away a penalty following a shoulder to shoulder with Gordon. Otherwise, largely solid. Virgil van Dijk - 7 Enjoyed his battle with Richarlison. Steady as usual. Nothing of significance to reference because he just went about his job to help Liverpool earn a clean sheet.  Andy Robertson - 8 What a huge goal that could prove to be in Liverpool's season as he ghosted in at the back stick to head home. Liverpool were looking nervy as they continued to bang on the door before the Scotsman eventually broke the deadlock. Also cleared one off the line, which also proved crucial. Fabinho - 7 Gritty performance. Gave Liverpool some needle in the middle of the park. Naby Keita - 6 Not his finest afternoon. Got caught out on two occasions but pressed well. Subbed. Looked guilty when Anthony Gordon went over his outstretched leg. Thiago Alcantara - 6 Lost the ball cheaply in the first half and it nearly cost Liverpool dearly but Abdoulaye Doucoure could only fire wide. Had a deflected shot saved by Jordan Pickford as the Reds went in search of a second. Mohamed Salah - 7 Some great work to create the opening goal for Robertson, playing a fine one-two with Divock Origi. His lofted cross was measured to perfection for Robertson to power home. Diogo Jota - 6 Didn't really do an awful lot and may feel frustrated with his performance. Subbed off in the 80th minute. Sadio Mane - 7 Had a curling shot go just over the bar in the first half and it was a difficult game for him given the lack of space in the final third. Was a lucky boy after raising his finger to Mason Holgate's face. Received a yellow but it quite easily could have been red. Subs Luis Diaz - 8 Made a huge impact. His classy, cheeky touch set the tone for what would follow. He was clearly targeting Seamus Coleman and beat him all ends up before firing low at Pickford. His audacious, acrobatic assist for Origi made sure of the points. Divock Origi - 8 Got his goal as he always does against Everton. Headed home from Diaz's bicycle kick and also played a part in the first goal. If this was his last Merseyside derby, it was a fitting finale for the Liverpool legend. Jordan Henderson - 7 Kept Liverpool focused after taking the lead. Was the victim of a kick out from Richarlison, which quite easily could have seen the Brazilian receive a red.