The Duke of Sussex reportedly has "no intention" of attending Prince Charles's coronation if the Duchess of Cornwall is Queen Consort. Harry is said to be refusing to back down despite the Queen giving Camilla her seal of approval to use the title when the Prince of Wales is King. A report in the Private Eye said: "One red line has recently emerged, however. "Harry has no intention of attending his father's coronation if Camilla is to be anointed and crowned just a few feet from where his mother's coffin lay in Westminster Abbey. "[The Queen] may have given her blessing to Camilla becoming Queen Consort, but Harry refuses to bend." The Queen used her Platinum Jubilee to give her backing to Charles's wife to be Queen Consort in a major intervention shaping the future of the monarchy. In a written message to the nation, the monarch said: "I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support. "I remain eternally grateful for, and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me. "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." Charles said he and his wife were "deeply conscious" of the honour. READ MORE: Queen’s right-hand woman part of ‘cruel’ bid to put Meghan in place Clarence House had previously insisted Camilla would be known as Princess Consort when Charles was King. The announcement was made when the couple wed in 2005 following upset over the breakdown of Charles's marriage to Princess Diana. A revamp of Charles's website in 2018 saw any mention of "Princess Consort" removed. It comes as Harry is believed to have met Charles during a visit to the UK with Meghan Markle earlier this month on their way to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Should Thomas Markle be welcomed to UK? [POLL]Royal Family LIVE: William 'predicted category 5 tantrum' [LIVE BLOG]Harry claims 'immense' differences exist on therapy between US and UK [INSIGHT] The Sussexes, who are living in California after quitting royal duties, stopped off at Windsor Castle en route to The Hague to see the 96-year-old Queen. During an interview with NBC News at the Invictus Games, Harry dodged a question on whether he missed his father and brother Prince William. The Duke has commented in the past about his rift with Charles and how he and the Duke of Cambridge are on "different paths" and have good and bad days in their relationship. Asked if he missed his father or brother, Harry replied: "For me at the moment I'm here focused on these guys and giving everything I can 120% to them to make sure they have the experience of a lifetime. "That's my focus here and when I leave here, I go back and my focus is my family, who I miss massively." Express.co.uk has contacted the Duke's representatives for comment. 