The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s eldest son currently attends Thomas’s School in Battersea along with his six-year-old sibling Princess Charlotte. However, Prince William and Kate have been considering where the future king should continue his education. A source said Prince George had visited a new school for a "settling in-style trial class" arranged by teachers. The establishment is said to be one his parents have visited half a dozen times. Staff at the school are understood to have been amused and relieved that the other children in the class did not recognise the young prince or understand his royal status. The Duke and Duchess are also considering sending George’s siblings Charlotte and Prince Louis, four, to the same school, the Mail on Sunday reports. Specifics about the school were not disclosed, but students from wealthy European and Russian families are said to be among those attending. It is also said that the school is not as high profile as others that royals have attended. His father Prince William attended Ludgrove School in Berkshire while his mother Kate was schooled at Marlborough College. Prince George’s formal education began, aged two, at the Westacre Montessori School Nursery near the family’s Norfolk home Anmer Hall. READ MORE: Kate and William's solid relationship has 'occasional blistering row' He then enrolled at his current school in South London, in September 2017. The school offers a host of other activities for George and Charlotte, including mixed-gender sporting activities for students, such as cricket, football, netball and even golf. The school also boasts an on-site gymnasium, ballet room, two libraries and a rooftop playground, plus lessons on pottery, yoga and even coding. Despite their royal status, George and Charlotte are treated like any other child while at school. The Cambridge siblings also adopt different names at school. DON'T MISS US interview shows Harry's huge 'resentment' towards William [INSIGHT] Sophie tipped to take on 'greater share of duties' after Queen's reign [REVEAL]Kate and Princess Anne joining forces nods to 'crucial' royal future [REPORT] Rather than using their full royal titles at school, the pair are referred to as George and Charlotte Cambridge. This technique was adopted by their dad Prince William and uncle Prince Harry, who used the same style for their names. The brothers used Charles's title - Wales - as their surname during their schooling. The news of this "trial day" comes after reports that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had been looking for a new school for their three children following rumours that they planned to relocate. Reports of the family’s relocation hopes first emerged last year but their plans are said to be "progressing rapidly". This is said to be because William and Kate are keen to give their children as normal childhoods as possible before the couple ascends to the throne. Currently, the family mainly reside in London, at their Kensington Palace apartment. They also have a countryside property in Norfolk, Anmer Hall, which is where they spent a lot of time amid the coronavirus pandemic.