Diabetes is a common medical condition that could cause blood sugar levels to go too high. But making just a few simple changes to your food choices could be the easiest way to lower your risk of unwanted diabetes symptoms. About five million people in the UK have been diagnosed with diabetes. Most of these cases are caused by type 2 diabetes, which is where the body struggles to produce enough of the hormone insulin. Insulin is needed by the body to convert sugar in the blood into energy. Seeing as some patients don't produce enough insulin - or their body doesn't react in the same way to insulin - it can lead to high blood sugar. READ MORE: Diabetes: Fruity-smelling breath is a symptom of the condition "Treatments include lifestyle strategies and sometimes medication, but some complementary therapies, such as herbs and supplements, may help," said medical website Medical News Today. "Herbs and supplements cannot cure diabetes and or be a standalone treatment. "But some, in combination with conventional treatment, may provide relief from diabetes symptoms and reduce the risk of complications." These are the four spices you should consider adding to your diet to lower your risk of diabetes. Cinnamon has been claimed to lower blood sugar levels for a number of years. It works by improving insulin sensitivity levels in patients, while boosting digestion, said the medical website. You could sprinkle cinnamon on your meal, or try taking it as a supplement. But you should never replace your existing prescribed medication for cinnamon. DON'T MISSDiabetes: People who cut down on coffee could raise risk [STUDY]Diabetes: If overweight losing 7% of body weight can help [RESEARCH]Common chemicals may raise diabetes risk in middle-aged women [NEWS] Festive ginger could help to balance diabetes patients' blood sugar levels, it's been claimed. It reduced insulin resistance in people with type 2 diabetes, researchers have revealed. But more research is needed to completely confirm the link, which is why you should speak to a doctor before adding ginger to your diabetes diet. Fenugreek is a type of herb seed that can be ground down and added to dishes for flavour. Scientists have claimed fenugreek could lower blood sugar levels by boosting insulin levels. Gymnema is a type of herb that literally translates to 'sugar destroyer'. It works in a similar way to fenugreek, and simply increases insulin levels in diabetes patients, said the medical website.