Today, the official Twitter account of the British Embassy in the Netherlands shared a selection of photos of Meghan Markle with children at the British Council Netherlands' story hour. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how the Duchess interacts with little ones. On Sunday April 17, Meghan joined Team UK families for story time where an Invictus athlete, James Stride, read Hairy Maclary from Donaldson's Dairy. The Duchess was snapped looking enthralled by the children and activities, which included painting. Judi exclusively told Express.co.uk: "Sitting on the floor cross-legged when you’re wearing tight jeans and heels is never an easy task. "Meghan not only manages it here but she also manages to look lost within the group with a small baby on her lap and then lost in concentration as she attempts to join in with the painting task." READ MORE: Avoid keeping milk in door compartment of fridge to save hundreds Not afraid to get involved, Meghan positioned herself at the same level as the children and their parents. Relinquishing any Duchess-like status, "there’s no attempt to look like anything other than a visiting mum here". It is clear that Meghan is a natural with little ones as she "responds to the small children with facial expressions of excitement and happiness". Maintaining eye contact with whichever child she is speaking to or interacting with, she was very present in the situation.  Judi continued: "Even when she joins in the painting there is a hint that she is totally absorbed for the moment. "The way her index finger performs a ‘double-bend’ on the hand holding the brush suggests she is putting in a considerable amount of effort to get it right here." She seemed to take her role of playing with the children very seriously, giving the event its due importance. Appearing incredibly gleeful surrounded by little ones, it is evident that the mum-of-two adores children. The tweet has so far amassed more than 2,000 likes, and many have flocked to comment on the Duchess' behaviour. @Zimkita_sa01 observed: "She holds that brush so elegantly." @Wacholderin2 said: "She is simply close, also physically, always in the middle of it, a part of it and full of natural attention, without fear of contact and with joy in the people she touches", adding, "You can't learn that, it's a gift." @Erikk_the_Dane2 commented: "I love that Meghan spent some time socialising with children on Easter. She's a good person with a kind heart." @Mrs_K_Suleiman, whose Twitter bio is 'I try to be kind but if you come for Harry or Meghan I go very low', stated: "This must have been fun! Lovely pictures, happy families… Duchess Meghan is relaxed." @BeckleyHaven added: "Oh my heart! Just lovely." @PrincessJacqu, a US army veteran, stated: "These are some of the best pics to see of our Meghan and the families enjoying activities for them. Very inclusive!" @earlyhominid_lj echoed the sentiment: "She's so engaged, very lovely to see in these pics. "I don't understand anyone who would oppose her display of compassion and interest. The world needs more of what Meghan has - compassion."