The Duke of Sussex, 37, described how “emotional” it was to think of their journey to the Netherlands, and that it was clear the last few weeks have been “really hard” for the 19 competitors from Ukraine. Speaking to the BBC, Prince Harry described how the “whole world is definitely behind them” as teams from across the world gather for the Games founded by the Duke to celebrate the recovery of injured and military servicemen and women. He added: “When you get to see them and speak to them, and see in their eyes, the experiences and the things that they've seen just in the last few weeks, it's really hard." He continued: "It's emotional to think that they all jumped in the bus, firstly they have to make the decision to come, which was hard enough anyway, then they jumped on the coach, probably slept all the way.” He went on to highlight that “a vast majority of the Ukraine team were serving in some shape or form”. He said: "So they removed their uniforms, put their team strips on, jumped on the coach, came over here, slept for a couple of days, tried to decompress and then were straight into it, and then they've got to go back, so I think to have them here is extraordinary.” He then described how the competitors' “commitment” to attending the Games was a tough choice for each person to make, but they traveled with the “blessing” of Ukrainian president, Volodymyr Zelensky. The Duke stated: “I don't think this games could have been the games that it is without Team Ukraine.” Heartbreakingly, the Prince referred to “four members of their community” who were “lost” to the team before even arriving in The Hague. The team’s archery instructor “didn't make it, killed in action”, Prince Harry relayed. READ MORE: 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed He added: "So I think it really just brings it home to what is going on across Europe right now.” Prince Harry made direct reference to the “bravery” of the team’s journey to the Games in Saturday night’s opening ceremony - but just how to recognise the sacrifices of the Ukrainians was something he wrestled with “for 24 hours”, he revealed. At the ceremony, Prince Harry said the Ukrainian team had arrived in the Netherlands "against all odds", and not merely to compete in the Games. He told the crowd: "You told me yesterday when you decided to join us despite all odds, you said you came to be on this global stage, not simply to show your strength but to tell your truth, the truth, of what is happening in your country. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: ‘Cannot compete!’ Stunning Meghan picture reveals [LIVE] Prince Harry in 'saddest expression' following Meghan Markle's speech [ANALYSIS] 'Prince Harry NEEDS the Invictus Games' as reminder of good he did [INSIGHT]   "You know we stand with you. The world is united with you and still you deserve more. "And my hope is that these events, this event, creates the opportunity in how we as a global community can better show up for you." A similar message was echoed by Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, who told the audience: "Slava Ukraini!", or "Glory to Ukraine". One of the Team Ukraine members is the daughter of Yuliia "Taira" Paievksa, a paramedic taken prisoner by Russian forces.  Taira, who leads the volunteer evacuation group Taira's Angels, was captured in Ukraine a month ago, and was expected to compete at the Games. Her daughter, 19-year-old Anna-Sofia Puzanova, told the PA news agency that her mother was captured near Mariupol, and is "probably in Russia" but her family has had no contact. Appealing to the Russian soldiers, she said: "Bring back my mum to me." 