Fans of NBC’s thrilling crime series The Blacklist noticed a major character mistake from the show’s fifth season. The clued-up viewer exposed the error after Reddington ‘Red’ Raymond (played by James Spader) made a historical error about coins from 1943.  Taking to moviemistakes.com the viewer wrote: “Reddington says that the 1943 pennies he is hunting are special because they were made of bronze when all other pennies were made of copper. “The 1943 pennies were actually the steel pennies from WWII as to save copper for the war efforts, there were some copper errors that year, but the majority were zinc and not copper.” During World War II, a majority of copper was saved and reallocated to make shell casings and munitions. As a result, back in 1943, the US Mint created coins out of zinc-plated steel, which meant most of the coins produced in that year were silver-coloured. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces  Unfortunately, this information was inaccurately stated during The Blacklist’s milestone 100th episode, which was titled ‘Abraham Stern.’ While the task force continued its mission to take down the world’s most dangerous criminals, Red found himself on a treasure hunt. This came after his car collided with Abraham Stern (Nathan Lane) who was also on the million-dollar hunt. After the accident, Red, who was going in and out of consciousness, watched as Abraham picked up the one rare coin Red kept in his possession.  However, it was later revealed Abraham was more entitled to fortune with a dated story which included his father who worked at the US Mint. Red was eager to get his hands back on the 1943 coin as it was part of a treasure legend and there were three other coins out there. Abraham also knew of this legend and according to him, stole thousands of Federal Reserve notes worth $100,000. Though he couldn’t prove he was behind the missing money, he was demoted to the Mint.  DON'T MISS...'We call men boys!' Kriss Akabusi hits back at feminist policing [NEWS]The Blacklist theory: Panabaker to help take down Cooper's blackmailer [THEORY]The Blacklist's Brimley comeback confirmed as fan-favourite returns [INSIGHT] It was explained Abraham’s father used four of the unique coins as a map which would reveal the location of the stolen money. After using the Task force’s help to locate the other treasure hunter, Red and Abraham agreed to go halves on the cash price once they found the money. Their plan was going well until Abraham double-crossed Red, while pointing a gun at him he admitted he had no interest in splitting the money and stated it was his birthright. But unbeknownst to him, Red had already been thinking up his own plan to take the cash for his own.  Viewers watched in awe as Red literally sucked the money using industrial vacuums from the offices of the US Mint as Abraham was bagging it. Abraham was arrested after a tip-off about the Mint being robbed and as a result, Red took to fortune for his own. This was a plot hole not all viewers would be aware of as it would take someone knowledgeable in history to spot the error. With The Blacklist now in its ninth season, there will undoubtedly be more plot holes throughout the show and as it progresses. The Blacklist is available on NBC. 