But I wonder if it would be possible for this man to face justice considering that it may be difficult to extradite Vladimir Putin from his native country in order to be tried in a neutral state, unless the Russian people are willing to give him up. Maybe they will be prepared to do that if they are given the full facts of what has gone on. It is clear that large parts of the wider world's population now regard the Russian President as an extremely wicked person. RUSSIA is committing genocide in Ukraine ("Putin's acts of 'genocide'", April 4), says Keith Woods from Manchester. All the sanctions against Russia, arms supplies, goodwill, verbal support and monetary aid for Ukraine is not stopping innocent people from dying horrible deaths. The West and its allies are allowing people to be slaughtered. Bringing Putin before a war crimes court will be too late and will not help the situation now. PUTIN is guilty of so many crimes against humanity and he will be hunted down to face charges (including war crimes) against the people of Ukraine, says Gerry Carter from Burgess Hill, West Sussex. That is if he has not been taken out by individuals and death squads already looking for him. The Ukrainians will fight to the death as many remember Russian control under the old Soviet Union. If Russia attacks a Nato country then all bets are off and Russia will be the end game. It will be totally destroyed. PUTIN and his puppet generals should be charged with war crimes, says Sam Turner from Sandown, Isle of Wight. Apart from targeting civilians and raping, abducting and the pillaging of innocents, look no further than the unprovoked invasion of a sovereign independent nation. Whatever Adolf Hitler's lot were guilty of, this lot is no different. MANY British people have requested that they are willing to house refugees but are frustrated that the process is too slow ("'Welcome helps us find out our genuine friends'",April 4), says David Hobson from Birmingham. Why don't we let these people house the 28,000 Afghan refugees currently being housed in seaside B&Bs?