The police body camera footage seen by a jury shows Can Arslan chuckling to himself as he asked an officer: “He is dead, isn’t he? “I warned you, the police. One year. Look, it happened.”  Arslan, 52, later claimed the voice of his childhood teddy bear had told him to kill. He is accused of murdering father-of-three Matthew Boorman, 43, in front of his wife Sarah, following a long-running ­neighbour feud that started with a parking dispute. The video shown to Bristol Crown Court recorded Arslan swearing and ranting at officers shortly after his arrest on October 5 last year. At one stage, he told them: “I warned them I was going to murder him. He was against my son, my wife. Ha ha ha.” The court was told Arslan was driven by “anger and revenge”. Neighbours in the village of Walton Cardiff, near Tewkesbury, Gloucs, had been trying to evict him and obtained a civil injunction.  Mr Boorman had just returned from work at GE Aviation when Arslan attacked him on his front lawn, jurors were told. Mr Boorman suffered 27 stab wounds and Mrs Boorman was knifed in the thigh as she tried to save her husband. Arslan then sat on ­Mr Boorman ­and lit a “triumphant” cigarette”, the court heard. He was also said to have stabbed another neighbour, Peter Marsden, eight times before residents tackled him, armed with golf clubs and pieces of wood. At a police station, Arslan said: “I told police I was going to murder him. I was a sniper in the army and I told him not to mess with me. I killed 50 people in the Kurdish army.” Arslan admits the attempted murder of Mr Marsden, causing grievous bodlily harm to Mrs Boorman and affray. But he denies murdering Mr Boorman, claiming he was in the grip of a psychiatric disorder. The court heard the first mention of “voices” in Arslan’s medical records came when he told police: “The voice said to me to ‘kill him’.” He later said the voice was his teddy bear. Yesterday, forensic psychologist Dr John Sandford told the court he was “sceptical” and did not consider Arslan to be mentally ill, but said he had a personality disorder. Arslan’s lawyers argue personality disorder is “an abnormality of mental function” and provides their client with a defence to murder. The trial continues. 