Kate and Prince William were spotted by a royal reporter holding their hands during the Duke and Duchess' evening reception in The Bahamas. The two royals have historically followed the example set by the Queen and refrained in the past from displaying in a physical way their affection for one another during public events. However, they appear to have become keener on showing each other affection in public in recent years and in particular during their latest tour. Last month, Kate and William were spotted in a "discreet" show of affection as their time in the Caribbean was coming to an end, according to journalist Simon Perry. The reporter, who followed the Duke and Duchess in Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas for People magazine, wrote in the publication: "Leaving the reception, I walked behind them as they briefly and discreetly held hands as they strolled passed a row of black and white photos of the Queen on previous visits to The Bahamas." This gesture of affection was also caught on camera. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Kate and William were attending a reception in Nassau hosted by the country's Governor-General at the Baha Mar Resort on March 25. The Duchess donned an ice blue satin gown by London-based bridal designer Phillipa Lepley for the event, while Prince William was in black tie. During the night, the Duke delivered a landmark speech, in which he clearly referred to the republican debate ongoing in the Caribbean. He said: "Foreign tours are an opportunity to reflect. You learn so much. READ MORE: Prince Charles and William 'protect' themselves from Andrew fallout "What is on the minds of Prime Ministers. The hopes and ambitions of school children. The day-to-day challenges faced by families and communities." Speaking about the possibility Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas could one day decide to sever their ties with the Crown, he continued: "I know that this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future. "In Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon. "But we have thoroughly enjoyed spending time with communities in all three countries, understanding more about the issues that matter most to them."  The second-in-line to the throne added: "Catherine and I are committed to service. "For us that's not telling people what to do. "It is about serving and supporting them in whatever way they think best, by using the platform we are lucky to have. "It is why tours such as this reaffirm our desire to serve the people of the Commonwealth and to listen to communities around the world." The Duke and Duchess appeared more tactile than usual throughout their latest royal tour, which lasted from March 19 to March 26. Shortly after their arrival in Belize, Prince William was spotted placing his hand on Kate's shoulder. Arriving at the evening reception hosted by the Governor-General of Belize, William held Kate's hand to help her down the cobbled staircase. And in Jamaica, during a meeting at Shortwood Teachers College, Kate playfully laid her hand on her husband's arm while laughing at his joke. Delivering an analysis of Kate and William's public display of affection (PDA) during their eight days abroad, body language expert Judi James told Femail last month: "Kate has appeared at her confident and most regal best on this tour, meaning there was no need for William to use the kind of steering or encouragement touches that are common with other royal couples when they appear in public. "The couple are and always have been very physically synchronised. "They move well together and they respond well to each other because they seem to be tuned in to each other on a subliminal level. "Another symptom of this 'tuning in' is their natural trait of mirroring. "Even when out of sight of each other they will often adopt similar poses, suggesting like-minded thinking and a sense of total agreement about what their job as royals is and how it should be executed. "With no signs of any cries for help, reassurance or emergency support then, it looks clear that William and Kate’s PDAs have been in the main just that: subtle signals of affection and even raised levels of respect from a very well-honed and like-minded royal double-act."