Manchester United’s season sunk to one of its lowest ebbs on Saturday when they suffered an embarrassing and damaging defeat to Everton. United were lacklustre and short of ideas at Goodison Park, surrendering 1-0 to a side threatened by relegation which had previously been short of confidence.      Ralf Rangnick’s spell as interim manager can now only be viewed as an abject failure, with United having won just eight of their 17 Premier League games under the German, which gives him the lowest win rate of any United manager in the competition. A fifth straight season without silverware is assured – it is simply about damage limitation now. United sit seventh in the Premier League, six points adrift of fourth-placed Tottenham, who took advantage of the defeat at Goodison Park – and Arsenal’s at home to Brighton – to solidify their status as favourites for Champions League qualification. Rangnick’s side have seven more games to turn things around. They face: Norwich (h), Liverpool (a), Arsenal (a), Brentford (h), Brighton (a), Chelsea (h) and Crystal Palace (a) before the end of the season. If they are to salvage something from their awful season, here are five players who need to stand up and be counted over the next six weeks.  Ronaldo made headlines for all the wrong reasons against Everton. After cutting his usual frustrated and angry figure on the pitch, he stormed down the tunnel and lashed out by smashing a young fan’s phone. Rather than throwing a strop, United need their talisman to perform on the pitch. The 37-year-old is comfortably clear at the top of the United scoring charts this season, with 18 goals in 33 appearances. That is a decent effort but, when he is not scoring, he offers very little to the team, bar arms in the air and poor body language. His hat-trick in the 3-2 win over Spurs on March 12 suddenly feels like a long time ago. JUST IN: Merseyside Police release statement as Ronaldo accused of 'assault'  Maguire has been one of United’s most disappointing performers this season. The defender is captain, but has rarely performed to the level expected by the armband. Although he has been hampered by two niggling injuries, that is not a proper excuse. United lack leadership from the back and the England international is also making far too many personal mistakes, which are undermining his team’s efforts. If they are to finish the season strongly, they need Maguire to rediscover his top level. DON'T MISS Man Utd chiefs 'think Ronaldo should leave' but Glazer to have key say Robin van Persie 'considering Man Utd offer' to join Erik ten Hag Man Utd outcast Jesse Lingard fancies Jose Mourinho reunion  Rashford has endured by far the worst season of his professional career. The United striker has contributed just five goals and two assists in 28 appearances this campaign and looks a shadow of his former confident and carefree self. Rangnick gave him an opportunity to bounce back at Goodison – and after an initial spell of promise, in which he forced two good saves from Jordan Pickford – he was given no reward. Confidence is a mysterious thing. With Mason Greenwood unavailable and Edinson Cavani leaving this summer, United need Rashford’s ability desperately. Pogba is widely expected to leave United when his contract expires on July 1 – but until then they could really do with his unique skill set in midfield. To his credit, Fred has performed admirably in a more advanced role recently, but really he shouldn’t have to. Pogba has shown glimpses of his ability this season, with nine assists in the Premier League alone, but there has been no consistency from the Frenchman. He should strive to go out with a bang at Old Trafford. Sancho was signed for £73million last summer. His transfer fee is not his fault, but it is a clear indication of his undoubted talent and form at former club Borussia Dortmund. He is still only 22 years old, but his early breakthrough means he is very experienced for his age. Three goals and three assists in 26 Premier League appearances is not a fantastic return for a winger who racked up both statistics at Dortmund.  