Season four of Yellowstone smashed rating records for the Paramount Network last year and proved to be another thrilling chapter of the Dutton family saga. While John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) continued to protect his vast ranch, his son Kayce (Luke Grimes) was having a very different experience with Thomas Rainwater (Gil Birmingham). Actor Luke still isn’t sure why his Yellowstone character Kayce has been seeing a wolf in some of his most pivotal scenes. Throughout the series, Kayce and his wife Monica (Kelsey Asbille) have had their intimate moments interrupted by the arrival of an unwelcome observer. After his family were attacked at the end of season three, Luke decides to move away from the ranch with Monica and their traumatised son Tate (Brecken Merrill). Unfortunately, their safety is thrown into question when it appears the very same wolf has followed Kayce all the way to their new home. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry “I should know a lot more when I read some of season five scripts,” Luke admitted. “I didn’t know what that wolf was about.” It’s still unclear whether the wolf is friend or foe, and the couple have grown increasingly uneasy with each subsequent appearance. Kayce was desperate for answers in season four, and decided to seek help from Thomas and his bodyguard Mo (Mo Brings Plenty). The Broken Rock leader suggests the wolf is trying to give him a message and sends Kayce on a spiritual mission to determine what his next steps should be. In his visions, Kayce is visited by more wolves, Avery (Tanaya Beatty) and even his late older brother, Lee Dutton (Dave Annable). While the strange ritual may hopefully start to make more sense in season five, Luke was happy to let the full meaning behind Kayce’s experience remain a mystery for now. “I don’t ask Taylor [Sheridan],” he told fans during Deadline’s Contenders TV event. “It’s fun to go on the ride like everybody else. He knows where the show is going and how it ends but he’s not going to tell us. DON'T MISS:Reacher star Alan Ritchson on differences to original Tom Cruise film [INTERVIEW]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Gene to free Kim from prison [SPOILERS]The Rookie fans ‘distraught’ as Lucy relives harrowing kidnapping [REACTION] “That’s the joy. I get to go on the ride, too. I’m curious to see where he goes, and whether that experience changes him in any way.” Most episodes are written by the show’s co-creator, Taylor, who is also known for his modern Western films like Hell or High Water and Wind River. His scripts for Yellowstone are just as punchy, tense and thrilling as his feature films, and help the series draw in millions of viewers over the course of its four seasons so far. Thankfully, the story is far from over, and fans can expect the same level of intrigue and drama when the series returns for its confirmed fifth outing. What the next season could have in store for Kayce is still unknown, but his disturbing visions seem to have set up a dark continuation of his life outside the ranch. Luke continued: “He’s dealing with major PTSD from the stuff he had to do, which you finally get a little taste of at the end of season four. This guy has had to see a lot of things that most people never see. “He has loyalty to his family and the legacy there. It’s something he could lead but he’s constantly having to amend that decision. As the seasons go on he has to pick a side.” Hopefully, Kayce can still do right by his family and his father, but there may come a time when he’s forced to completely cut ties with the ranch to protect his wife and son. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock in the USA. Seasons 1-3 air on Pluto TV in the UK.