Since leaving the EU, the UK has pursued new energy agreements with countries including Saudi Arabia and Morocco, as well as talking with nuclear energy providers. Now, French politician François Asselineau has called on the Prime Minister to unleash the powers of Brexit and make a bold energy policy decision. Mr Asselineau, President of the Popular Republican Union, said Mr Johnson can renationalise electricity thanks to Brexit. He said on Twitter: “Brexit allows renationalisation. “Experience shows that sectors with very heavy investments work better in the hands of the state. “Boris Johnson knows it. After the railroad, he renationalised the electricity network.” Mr Asselineau, who ran for President in 2017 as the ‘Frexit candidate’, added “EU dogmas would forbid” renationalisation. Speaking on social media, Mr Asselineau continued: “One can only be scandalised to see France doing the opposite, knowingly destroying EDF, GDF, SNCF, etc. at the request of the European Commission, entirely vitiated by corruption and private lobbies. “And with the active complicity of the notorious incompetent occupying the Élysée.” Mr Asselineau’s remarks followed reports on Wednesday the UK plans to renationalise part of the country's energy network to help secure supplies. READ MORE: UK lays out new green roadmap to 'get energy independence back' In a statement, the Government said: “With high global wholesale gas prices and renewed pressure on energy networks following Russia's illegal invasion of Ukraine, consumers are facing increased costs and there is an urgent need to safeguard and boost domestically produced energy.” The Government said on Wednesday it would buy the Electricity System Operator unit from National Grid, also to help it reach global climate goals. The nationalised unit will be folded into the newly-created Future System Operator that will oversee Britain's electricity systems. Energy Minister Greg Hands said in the statement: “We need to boost our energy resilience, reduce our dependence on expensive imports and slash emissions. The FSO will do just that.” The FSO intends on working with energy suppliers and networks "to balance the UK's electricity systems and ensure continued energy resilience and security of supply for households and businesses". It comes as French energy firm EDF is set to benefit from the UK’s plans to ramp up its nuclear energy capacity so it can ditch fossil fuels. The UK’s blueprint to shore up greater energy security amid a crisis will involve increasing nuclear power to 24 Gigawatts by 2050, which would account for 25 percent of the projected electricity demand. To do so, the Government has several major projects in the pipeline, with up to eight reactors that could be delivered by 2030. This would speed up the rollout to building one reactor a year instead of one a decade. EDF already owns and operates eight nuclear power stations in the UK, with two more planned nuclear projects making headway too. It also comes as a group of 11 EU members – led by Denmark – issued a strongly-worded statement calling for a renewed push for "EU energy independence". They want the bloc to "become independent of Russian fossil fuels as soon as possible through accelerating the green transition towards climate neutrality in the EU by 2050 at the latest". This is referring to the EU's Fit For 55 plan, which will reduce its total gas consumption by 30 percent by 2030 and contribute to full energy independence from Moscow as soon as possible. France is missing from the list of signatories, despite last year being one of the most critical about the EU’s climate ambitions. POLITICO reported diplomats have noted that even before the Ukraine war, France was not particularly keen to move forward on the climate package. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega