Fans of Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their cleaning tips for removing blood stains. The social media sensation, who has more than four million followers often shares cleaning hacks with her followers. Now, fans of hers have taken to Facebook pages to share their own advice. Asking for help on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Charlotte Cross wrote: “My son had a bad nosebleed last week and I’m trying to get it out of bed sheets the best I can. “I can still see it a little. What would work best please?” The post was inundated with several comments from fellow group members. Mrs Hinch fans recommended using salt to help remove the blood stains. READ MORE: Shower cleaning: How to remove shower screen limescale - ‘never fails’ Jo Wilkinson wrote: “Warm water and sprinkle salt on it. Salt brings out the blood and dries it up, then just clean the area.” Gemma Cornbill said: “Cold water and salt. Hot water tends to seal in the stain.” Denise Deville commented: “Use cold water and salt to make a solution.” Alison Jones added: “Agree with all the above, make sure the water is cold or warm at most. Salt is my go-to, great for a variety of things and so cheap to buy.” DON'T MISS:Gardening jobs: ‘Prevent weed growth’ and sow summer-flowering bulbs [COMMENT]Peace lily: How to care for ‘difficult’ houseplant [EXPLAINER]House price growth has slowed ‘modestly’ but remains in double digits [INSIGHT] Salt has strong dehydrating properties and can help to lift up blood. It’s recommended to leave the salt on the stain for a couple of hours before cleaning it with cold water. Table salt can be picked up for as little as 27p in stores such as Asda. This can work on a variety of different materials, especially super absorbent ones like towels. Other group members recommended using Elbow Grease. Sam Bine wrote: “Use Elbow Grease.” Wahida Alladin said: “I use Elbow Grease. Then put in the machine on a hot wash and add stain remover power, works a treat.” Rebecca Jason commented: “Elbow Grease spray first, spray it on and leave it for a while and then wash as normal. “Cold or hot will work after the initial spray.” Elbow Grease All Purpose Degreaser is formulated to remove grease and oil in all situations. It is ideal for removing grease spots and stains from fabric material and is available to pick up for as little as £1. Flash Bicarbonate of Soda Spray, which is around £2, was also recommended by Mrs Hinch fans.