Kate Middleton and Prince William have now been married for 11 years. Their wedding on April 29, 2011 was a huge affair with roughly 36.7 million people tuning in. A lot has been said about the dress and the glamour from the wedding day, but what was the food like?  With around 2,000 attendees, their wedding dinner sounds very impressive. After reportedly enjoying canapés earlier in the day, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who had changed into her second wedding dress by Alexander McQueen, headed to Buckingham Palace for a three-course meal with their closest friends and family. This included Prince Charles and Camilla, the Queen and Prince Philip, and Prince Harry. So what did the guests eat?  READ MORE: Prince Harry 'overthinks every word' in US interview - 'defensive' The royal couple's wedding menu included a sweet nod to the Prince of Wales. For starters, the Duke and Duchess offered 'Marinated South Uist salmon, Lyme Bay crab and wild Hebridean langoustines, fresh herb salad'. After meticulous tasting, it was decided that it was best accompanied by a glass of 'Meursault, Domaine Guyot-Javillier 2009' wine.  The main consisted of 'Saddle of North Highland Mey Select organic lamb, Highgrove spring vegetables, English asparagus, Jersey Royal potatoes and sauce Windsor'. The vegetables were harvested directly from Prince Charles' Highgrove estate in Gloucestershire. The wine of choice to complement the food was 'L'Hospitalet de Gazin, Pomerol 2004'.  The Duke and Duchess opted for 'a trio of Berkshire honey ice cream, sherry trifle and chocolate parfait', of which guests could select their preference. The third and final wine served was 'Laurent Perrier Rose'. A selection of coffee and fresh mint tea was also provided once all three courses had been devoured by their guests.  The couple had two cakes made for their nuptials. The first was an eight-tiered iced fruit cake featuring the "language of flowers" made by Leicestershire baker Fiona Cairns over five weeks. The final creation was covered in cream, white icing and 900 delicate sugar-paste flowers. William and Kate saved the top two tiers for their children's christenings. Their second cake was William's childhood favourite, an unbaked chocolate biscuit cake. It was created by McVities as a recipe curated by Buckingham Palace's chefs, including dark chocolate and broken-up Rich Tea biscuits. 