Britain's Got Talent is no stranger to finding a talented dog. Winning the competition in 2021 Ashely and her pooch Pudsey wowed the judges and auditioned to win the elusive prize. Since then, the pair went on to star in several stage productions and made multiple appearances on screen. With Pudsey setting the bar high, the ITV judges expected a lot from doctor and opera singer Louise and her pet Jasper. Louise started off her act, hitting the high notes as she performed an opera song accompanied by a live pianist. However, moments into her performance, she stopped singing to reveal her surprise to the audience. She said: "Now we have a little surprise for you. "I have a co-star who is going to be joining me. Read More: Coronation Street theory: Heartache for Eileen Grimshaw as she learns George's secret  "He has a lovely voice and loves to join in at home, Jasper." Simon and Amanda Holden nodded before her furry friend was introduced with them both guessing that it would be a dog. The performer then sat down next to her pet and continued to sing. Expecting the canine star to join in, Jasper decided to roam as far as his leash would allow him. Unimpressed, Simon commented: "The dog's not doing anything..."  Fellow judge Alesha Dixon tried to encourage Jasper and said: "Oh Jasper, give us a tune, just one woof." Presenters Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly watched on from the wings when Ant added: "He does not like that." After some more tugging on his lead, Ant continued: "Never has a dog wanted to leave the stage more." Simon soon hit his buzzer, holding his head in his hands as the act left the stage. After reaching the end of the song, Louise simply concluded: "He wasn't feeling it today." DON’T MISS…BBC Breakfast: Fans are convinced they have 'figured out' Dan Walker replacement [LATEST]Dec Donnelly breaks down in tears over BGT star's heartbreaking performance[LATEST]Yellowstone's Rip and Carter dinner scene had glaring continuity error - did you spot it? [LATEST]  The 62-year-old had joked: "I don't think he likes your singing much." Boos came from the audience as Simon ended: "It's true, why are you booing? "Oh shut up." Although Alesha and Amanda loved how cute Jasper looked, David Williams offered a voice of reason and commented: "We have got to remember we are looking for an act that can go on live television and that can sing for the Royal Family."   David Williams  Head judge and mogul Simon commented on how "hilarious" the dog's lack of enthusiasm was and said: "This is a bad start for dogs." It was a no for the dog, but several other acts impressed the judges. The second audition phase left the panel and audience in stitches with some hilarious acts. There was also a heartwarming performance by Dante, a teenager with Brittle Bone Syndrome, who sang a song he had written himself. Britain's Got Talent airs Saturday from 8pm on ITV. 