The recent rise in fuel prices means drivers will be paying an additional £30billion per year for fuel, according to a new report. Petrol drivers will fork out £17.6billion, while diesel prices have forced motorists to pay an extra £12.3billion as a result of price increases. Alongside a rising cost of living crisis, drivers have experienced all-time record high prices this year with petrol topping out at £1.67 a litre and diesel at £1.79. On average, drivers last year had an annual petrol cost of £866.35, which has now grown to £1,168.39. Diesel drivers are also seeing a huge increase, with costs of £1,154.79 up from £831.10 last year - a staggering additional cost of £323. This translates to a whopping 35 percent rise for petrol drivers and a 39 percent increase for diesel vehicle owners. READ MORE: Electric car driver fined £100 after charging for just five minutes Ryan Fulthorpe, motoring expert at GoCompare, commented on the data, saying drivers can use alternative measures to save money. He said: “The increase in fuel prices is likely to worry many motorists, but there are a few ways consumers can combat the costs. “Walking or using public transport, where possible,  can make a big difference to fuel usage and bring down insurance costs by lowering your average annual mileage. “Using our journey cost calculator can also help you work out whether public transport is a more reasonable choice for your trip. DON'T MISSLand Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist [SHOCKING]Hydrogen cars could cause a ‘nasty explosion’ if involved in a crash [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of huge fines and penalty points for road rage [WARNING] “As prices rise, these small changes really can add up.” The impact of these rising prices has also been compounded by the introduction of E10 fuel. The new standard of unleaded petrol is less efficient than its predecessor, E5, meaning drivers need to fill their tank up more regularly to go the same number of miles. A recent report from GoCompare found that if petrol stays at its current price, the inefficiency of E10 alone will cost consumers £1.7billion. With coronavirus restrictions lifted, drivers are looking to travel further distances. Driving from London to Glasgow in March 2021 would have burnt £45.97 worth of fuel, on average. In comparison, the same journey in March 2022, would cost drivers £57.11 - a shocking increase of £11.14. More than three quarters of motorists admitted that they’re motivated to purchase fuel from the cheapest supplier. Despite the high prices, only 10 percent of those involved in the survey admitted they researched where to find the cheapest fuel available before filling up. The research also found that diesel still appears to be offering drivers more mileage for their money than petrol. Current RAC Fuel Watch data shows that all prices “should fall” in the coming days and weeks. Unleaded petrol remains at 161.93p, while diesel prices haven’t fallen far since their peak in March at 175.89p per litre.