Manchester United are now understood to have obliged and allowed Erik ten Hag to bring Steve McClaren back to the club as his No 2 from next season. The Dutchman has been assembling his backroom team ahead of his move to Old Trafford from Ajax this summer and the switch was finally confirmed by both clubs on Thursday morning. Ten Hag's current assistant Mitchell van der Gaag is set to join him on his English venture after United agreed a compensation package with Ajax to free both coaches from their current contracts. The Telegraph were initially reporting that United had 'pushed back' on Ten Hag's request to bring in McClaren as part of his staff but now reports suggest the deal is as good as done. McClaren is well known to Ten Hag from their time together at FC Twente, where the Dutchman worked as his assistant in 2008 shortly before the Englishman's Eredivisie title triumph in 2009/10. Now the roles look set to be reversed, despite initial hesitance from United. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims McClaren worked as Sir Alex Ferguson's assistant for three years, including the treble-winning 1998/99 campaign over 20 years ago. The 60-year-old has not managed since he was in charge of Queens Park Rangers back in the 2018/19 season. He has, however, been involved in the game in some capacity in a series of upstairs roles at Derby County, where he worked as a technical director and part-time senior adviser. If United were not prepared to listen to Ten Hag's wish, they would have risked undermining the project from the get-go. DON'T MISSWest Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injuryAjax chief lets slip on Erik ten Hag's Man Utd verbal agreement - 'We tried everything'Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims McClaren had been seeking coaching opportunities in the Middle and Far East prior to the potential job opening. He has maintained a strong, professional relationship with Ten Hag ever since their time together in Holland. The former Newcastle and Wolfsburg boss was recently complementary of Ten Hag amid speculation he'd worked his way towards the top of United's shortlist. “His great strength lies not just in his attention to detail and organisation,” he told The Telegraph. "He has a clear philosophy of how he wants to play football; the environment he wants to create. “The player progression programme was a key part of Twente. He has done that at Ajax too, for each player from the academy to the first team. You look at Hakim Ziyech and now the [Brazilian] striker Antony, a very good player who will be the next one to go. I have seen this Ajax team and it’s very good. “Erik is very disciplined and people have to buy into that and have that work ethic. Tactically he’s outstanding. "He worked with Pep [Guardiola] at Bayern Munich and took in his philosophy too. They called him ‘Mini Pep’ out there. “He’s ready. A lot of top clubs in Germany and England will be out to get him.”