Ronnie O’Sullivan announced his split from Laila Rouass back in February after almost ten years together, leaving fans devastated. But according to Ronnie’s sister, someone who might not have been too disappointed was the snooker player’s mum. Back in 2020, Ronnie’s sister Dannielle claimed their mother Maria had never been a fan of stunning actress Laila. She told The Sun: "Ronnie has given Mum so much help in the past. But when he asked her for £15,000 last year, he told me she said, 'I'm not giving you money for that f***ing s**g!' "She has shown me Laila's number saved on her phone under, 'The revolving f***y' and has apparently told Ronnie, 'She's just a prostitute, she'll sleep with anyone.'" Dannielle added: “[Mum] told me he goes for the same birds and Laila is the one who will catch him out. But Ronnie is so in love with Laila.” Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Laila for comment. Ronnie and Laila met in 2012 when Laila was house hunting and their chance meeting was by complete accident. "It happened by accident. I was shown around Ronnie’s house by his father, who told his son about meeting me,” Laila told The Mirror. "Ronnie called the estate agent, a friend of mine, and asked me out via her. "When she said he was a snooker player, I said, ‘Yeah, but what does he do for a living?’ I’d never heard of him because sport doesn’t interest me at all, although Ronnie’s won me over to snooker." After just one year of meeting, Laila and Ronnie were soon engaged, but they never made it down the aisle. Earlier this year, Laila took to her Twitter and Instagram accounts to confirm their split and assure fans that she was doing well. In her first TV appearance since their break up, on Steph’s Packed Lunch, Laila addressed how she is feeling through the transition and assured viewers she was going to "get through it". DON'T MISS...Luke Evans in hospital dash days after holiday with Phillip SchofieldDan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exitGardeners' World's Monty Don receives support over post about dog Laila insisted it could be a "good process" and not necessarily a bad one. Steph asked how she was feeling, and she replied: "I'm fine, I've just been manifesting, using self-compassion practices, and you just get through it. It can be a good process." The couple's split came after Ronnie saw his snooker wealth rise by almost £500,000 last year while Laila's fashion company dipped £16,000 into the red. Confirming the reports of the break-up, on Twitter, Laila wrote: "After nearly ten years of love and memories, Ronnie, I have parted ways. Peace and love to you all. Laila X" (sic). She then moved her way over to Instagram, where she said: "The things about breakups... It doesn't have to be a sad time. “It doesn't have to be hard. "It can be the beginning of new adventures, new learnings, it can be a wonderful teacher. "Using self-compassion & manifesting a new life without someone you love can still lead you to a place of joy."