This Morning presenter Alison Hammond has admitted that she got "slated" for shouting at Meghan Markle during hers and Prince Harry's first royal outing together to mark World Aids Day in 2017. The ITV star, 47, told how she got in "so much trouble" following the incident and was even branded "disrespectful" by some viewers after shouting to get the Duchess of Sussex's attention. Speaking to her ITV colleague Lorraine Kelly, Alison reflected on the incident, explaining that she was "genuinely excited" to see the Suits star. Praising her friend's unique interview style, Lorraine said: "I love that about you, you know that thing where Meghan waved at you when you were shouting at her, not shouting at her -" "Oh God, I got so slated for that you know," Alison cut in. "I got in so much trouble, so many people were saying that I didn't respect royalty at the time. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham and wife issue plea for Ukraine after £3m nuptials "I was like oh my God." Explaining the incident, Alison said: "You know what it was? I got genuinely excited in that moment. "Everyone was willing me on and I remember hearing Ruth [Langford's] in my ears saying, 'Go on Alison, get in there!' "So I got really excited and really involved!" she added. Lorraine responded: "[Meghan] turned around, smiled at you and went hi." Alison replied, "She did, she did," as Lorraine branded it a nice moment. Previously in Lorraine and her daughter Rosie's What If? With Rosie and Lorraine podcast, the Scottish host quizzed Alison on her interview technique. She said to the this Morning presenter: "You have completely changed the showbiz interview. DON'T MISS... Simon Cowell, 62, unrecognisable at Kids Choice Awards [INSIGHT]Al Pacino, 81, and Jagger's ex Noor Alfallah, 28 'getting on well' [ANALYSIS]George Alagiah leaves fans tearful at BBC return amid cancer battle [UPDATE] "There are no rules and I love that, because I think you go in and - you know what it's like, all of these big stars are bored t*****," Lorraine said. She went on: "They're so bored because they've been asked the same questions 150 times in lots and lots of different countries. "And in you bounce and you just see them smiling and it's fantastic." Alison replied: ""Do you know what I go in and I just treat them the way I'd like to be treated really. "You know they're doing these interviews one after the other, bang bang bang bang bang. "So I just think, 'Oh, I'm sure they're a bit bored now, we don't really have to talk about the film, let's just see what we can get from this situation," she added as the podcast hosts laughed. Alison went on: "Like with Harrison Ford I thought I'd take in some whiskey and some glasses and just see what happens. "And it was chaos, but it was good chaos," she added. "You made his day!" Lorraine exclaimed.