Aston Villa hero Gabby Agbonlahor has called on Tottenham boss Antonio Conte to ask questions of his talisman Harry Kane. The England captain put in a poor showing against Brighton on Saturday, a game Spurs lost 1-0 to dent their top-four hopes, after returning from a tiring jaunt to the Masters at Augusta. Conte and co had just started to stamp their authority on the top-four race with four consecutive Premier League victories, including a 4-0 triumph over Villa last time out. Fans were feeling optimistic about their chances with Kane hitting top form, but the frontman then opted to fly out to the Masters before reportedly returning to training 'bleary-eyed' on Tuesday. On the matter, Agbonlahor told talkSPORT: "If you're Harry Kane, I'm his biggest fan, but if you're flying out from the Aston Villa game to the Masters, doing that travelling, coming back and putting in a performance like that, questions have got to be asked. JUST IN: Newcastle plan to 'return' for £25m Ligue 1 goal machine but face Dortmund competition  "Was that the right thing for him to go and do? Because today they were toothless going forward, Spurs. No shots on target. Every time they seem to get a bit of an edge against Arsenal and Manchester United, they throw it away. "He would have had approval [from Conte], but they way he played [against Brighton] was like he was jet-lagged. He wasn't the Harry Kane we're used to seeing and every time they seem to get a lead in the top-four [race] they seem to let their rivals back into it. "As much as we keep looking at fixtures and what the results are going to be, these teams could lose any game, any week." READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal  Indeed, Brighton successfully punished Spurs' below-par performance through Leandro Trossard's intelligent 90th-minute finish. It represented a huge missed opportunity for Tottenham to build on their top-four momentum as the Seagulls' claimed their second north London scalp in a week after beating Arsenal at the Emirates the Saturday prior. Preparations for the game were far from ideal as Conte was struck down with Covid, leaving his staff to take many of the week's training sessions. Conte was lost for words after the match and jokingly blamed the loss on the weather. He said: “Today we did everything too slow, maybe the weather, spring, I want to find an excuse, but for sure it wasn't a good game for us." After a slow start to the campaign, Kane is back in good form and has now notched 20 goal involvements in 31 Premier League games. It looked as though their blushes were spared when Arsenal tasted another defeat on Saturday, but a late Cristiano Ronaldo winner suddenly brought the Red Devils back into the fold. Spurs still have a three-point buffer on United and a goal difference advantage over the Gunners, but Conte must inspire a dramatic turnaround in performance next time they take to the field against in-form Brentford.