Gary Lineker believes the Champions League has improved since UEFA decided to do away with the away goals rule ahead of this season’s competition. Manchester City and Real Madrid played out a seven-goal thriller on Tuesday night as this term’s semi-finals got underway at the Etihad Stadium. In previous Champions League seasons, if a knockout match had ended in a draw after two legs, the team who had scored more goals in the away encounter would be deemed the winner. But the rule had been criticised in recent years as it often led to cagey first legs as home sides would be desperate to keep a clean sheet. Now the rule has been scrapped, home teams can play with more freedom and look to gain the upper-hand in front of their own fans. And Pep Guardiola’s team illustrated just how much difference the rule change had made as they attacked at will against Real and eventually ran out 4-3 winners. After the game, Lineker revealed his stance on away goals. “Much fairer and far more entertaining first legs with home team not having the fear of conceding,” the Match of the Day presenter wrote on Twitter. JUST IN: Man City player ratings vs Real Madrid in the Champions League   City were in scintillating form during the hotly-anticipated showdown at the Etihad Stadium and took the lead inside the opening two minutes as Kevin De Bruyne nodded in Riyad Mahrez’s delivery. And Gabriel Jesus added a second nine minutes later. The hosts should have extended their advantage after Mahrez and Phil Foden were presented with golden opportunities, but the duo were unable to strike the killer blow. And Real got back into the contest just after the half-hour mark as Karim Benzema swept Ferland Mendy's cross into the back of the net. Mahrez hit the post for City at the start of the second period before Foden eventually got his name on the scoresheet as he headed in from close range to put his side 3-1 up. But seconds later Vinicius Junior raced away to score Madrid’s second of the evening as the goals continued to flow. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag      Bernardo Silva rasped a thumping effort into the top corner to put City two goals ahead once more with just over 15 minutes remaining. But Benzema finished the scoring as he struck a cheeky Panenka penalty with eight minutes remaining. Real’s three away goals in Manchester will be less important than they would have been in previous seasons. And Guardiola has already suggested he prefers the competition in its new format. “We went out twice on away goals,” the 51-year-old said as City prepared for the second leg of their quarter-final at Atletico Madrid earlier this month. “Unfortunately now it has changed so the influence is less and if they score it is not a big issue. Now it's not a debate so we try to play the game best as possible.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here