Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips in her name. On one such group, Facebook user Leanne Roscoe-Woodcock asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Stupidly left my cushions from my garden furniture out over winter. “Any tips on how to get them back cream? “I’ve sprayed them with mould spray and washed them on a 90C but still pretty grim.” Leanne’s post was inundated with responses from Mrs Hinch fans but the most common answer was to use Astonish Mould and Mildew spray. Lenka Grmanová said: “Mould and mildew spray from Astonish is great. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share best and worst vacuum cleaners  “Soak it in the bath with water and spray loads of the spray on. “Saturate the cases with the spray before you put it in the bath. “Let it sit and then wash in the washing machine.” Ty Tait agreed and wrote: “I did the exact same! “Mine were absolutely revolting! Like 10 times worse than yours! DON'T MISSCleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [INSIGHT]Energy bills: How to reduce your laundry costs by £100 a year [UPDATE]Average house price hits record high for third month [ANALYSIS] “I pegged them on the line and drenched in Astonish Mould and Mildew. “I sprayed twice as I missed a couple of patches and left in the sun. Within 24 hours they looked brand new again!” Jenna Rogers replied: “Same thing happened to mine. “Sprayed Astonish Mould and Mildew remover on them and left them for 30 minutes, then put the cover in the washer and they have come out perfectly.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Kirsty-Laine Grainger said: “Did you use the Astonish Mould and Mildew remover? “Leave it on for a while then use a decent scrubbing brush. “It was amazing on my garden upholstery. I tried other brands but they are no good in comparison.” Jessica Atkinson suggested: “Astonish Mould and Mildew spray.” Astonish Mould & Mildew Blaster costs £1 in B&M and Wilko.  Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using Elbow Grease, Napisan and a jet wash. Bev Mardy said: “Give them a good spray with Elbow Grease on both sides. “Leave 10 minutes then spray both sides again. “After waiting another 10 minutes, put in the washer using white vinegar instead of softener.” Amy-Grace Curran replied: “Soak in Napisan and leave over night then wash as normal.” Liz Cookson Wilson wrote: “Jet-washed mine. Came straight off.”