Speed limiters were set to be fitted on all new cars from July of this year, as part of an European Union ruling on road safety standards. Despite this, Jacob-Rees-Mogg has suggested the Government is considering ditching plans to fit safety devices in all UK cars because of a desire not to follow EU rules. Speed limiters were set to be made mandatory later this year under plans to follow a Brussels safety standards ruling. The Intelligent Speed Assistance (ISA) technology has become a contentious issue in the past, with many hesitant to install the technology, despite the safety benefits. Jacob Rees-Mogg spoke with MPs on Wednesday, saying he was against following EU regulations after Brexit. Rees-Mogg, who is the Minister for Brexit Opportunities, added: “I don’t care what the EU does anymore. READ MORE: Land Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist “I better be careful ... I don’t want to upset collective responsibility too much. “We may be putting speed limiters on people’s cars because the EU’s doing it. “Because the EU’s doing it is no argument for doing anything anymore. We want to get away from this mentality,” according to the Independent. The senior figure said he and his team were responsible for “innovative thinking” in scrutinising all new legislation to make sure nothing could be held back or influenced by EU law. DON'T MISSFuel shortages to blame for ‘widespread disruption’ across the UK [INSIGHT]Mum solves enigma of mystery car parked on driveway near airport [MYSTERY]Electric car driver fined £100 after charging for just five minutes [SHOCKING] Last week, the Department for Transport said that no decisions had been made on which safety regulations would be introduced in the UK. The ISA technology is dependent on GPS tracking and cameras on the vehicle and would help slow the vehicle down to follow speed limits on the roads they are driving on. It was developed in response to the European Transport Safety Council which reported that 26,000 road deaths happen in Europe every year, with speed being a key factor. There are several ways in which the speed limiting technology could make its presence known, including cutting power to the engine. Other proposals include gently pushing the driver’s foot back when on the pedal, using audio or visual signals to alert the driver or by having the pedal vibrate to notify the driver they are going over the speed limit. Previously, many manufacturing plans and rules from the European Union had been adopted in the UK for the sake of ease when it comes to importing and exporting goods. Matthew Avery, director of research at Thatcham Research, said: “Many drivers want to remain safe and drive within the law, however changing from one speed limit to another can be difficult and distracting. “In this respect, Intelligent Speed Assistance  systems help to not only keep drivers safe but also legal. “The new automatic detection software spots walkers, cyclists and vulnerable road users. “With the new software in place, people may feel safer and be more likely to walk or cycle.” Senior Tory backbencher and Chair of the Fair Fuel APPG, Craig Mackinlay, urged the Government to scrap plans to use speed limiters. He called the technology: “Big Brother in your cockpit”. However, the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders has warned that an attempt to diverge from the EU rules could be bad for British manufacturers.