Ministers are reportedly set to go ahead with plans to privatise Channel 4 and will unveil them in May’s Queen’s Speech. Channel 4, founded 40 years ago by Margaret Thatcher’s Conservative government, is publicly owned but funded by advertising, meaning it does not cost the taxpayer a penny. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries tweeted this weekend that government ownership is “holding Channel 4 back from competing against streaming giants like Netflix and Amazon”. She said: “A change of ownership will give Channel 4 the tools and freedom to flourish and thrive as a public service broadcaster long into the future.” Proceeds from the sale would, Ms Dorries said, be reinvested into a “creative dividend”. The move, however, has been met with fierce criticism. Channel 4 said in a statement that it was “disappointed” ministers had decided it should be sold despite "significant public interest concerns" over privatisation. READ MORE: ‘We voted for Brexit, we got BRINO!’ Leavers rally against PM Bosses warned last year that some of its programmes would be at “real risk” if the Government decided to privatise, something that the broadcaster’s former chairman told MPs about years before. David Abraham, the broadcaster’s chairman from 2010 until 2017, told MPs in 2015 that the “fierce independence” of Channel 4’s journalism would be undermined if privatised. Speaking to MPs on Parliament’s Culture Committee, he warned shareholders would likely interfere with output. He said: “I can imagine getting a phone call in the middle of the night from a shareholder sharing their view about something we were about to air. “That does happen in private companies and it probably would happen.” He continued: “A privatised Channel 4 could have written within it certain quotas about news hours as many organisations do — but the nature of that coverage would subtly change over time and the fierce independence of our journalism I can’t help but imagine would alter over time.” Unlike the BBC, Channel 4 does not receive any public funding and instead makes all its money through advertising. The broadcaster does not create its own shows but rather outsources them, commissioning independent production companies, with all profits going back into programme-making. DON'T MISS:Frost warns 'ultra-Remainers' are plotting to drag UK closer to EU [QUOTES]'Are you kidding me?!' Ukrainian MP erupts at Sky News' Mark Austin [NEW]Father fined £650 for driving outside his own HOME wins council battle [REPORT] Downing Street claims that with declining advertising revenues and increasing programming budgets, Channel 4 can no longer compete with rival broadcasters. Yet, the channel’s former head of news and current affairs, Dorothy Byrne, said this week that it is a baseless argument. Speaking on the Today programme, she said: “The argument doesn't stack up because Channel 4 is not there to compete with Netflix and Amazon. “It is there to provide a public service to the people of Britain with really important programmes like Channel 4 News or Unreported World, which Netflix or Amazon would never make.” She added: “If you wanted to support independent production companies, you would invent Channel 4, which is exactly what Margaret Thatcher did.” Several of Ms Dorries’ Tory colleagues have questioned the move, with former Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt among the first to voice his opposition. Mr Hunt told Sky News: “As it stands, Channel Four provides competition to the BBC on what's called public service broadcasting — the kinds of programmes that are not commercially viable — and I think it'd be a shame to lose that.” Sir Roger Gale, Conservative MP for North Thanet, told Express.co.uk that he is “uneasy” about the way the Government is approaching the issue. He said: “I’m uneasy about the manner in which this is being approached. “But there is a case, a perfectly sound financial case, for privatising Channel 4 and taking the brakes off. “What we have to do, if we’re going to do that at all, is to manage it in a way that doesn’t damage our independent production system.” He added: “In today’s television landscape, I think there have got to be some changes. “What we mustn’t do is throw the baby out of the bath water, and there is some danger that that might be what the Government is about to do, and I think that’s why people like Damian Green, also a former BBC employee, have real concerns. “It’s not a question of saying you mustn’t do it at any price, it’s a question of finessing it to get it right so that we maintain the independent production centre, but perhaps allow the injection of funding into Channel 4 to allow it to set up its own production centre as well.”