Supplies were cut off from Warsaw and Sofia after the two nations took a stand against calls to pay for gas in Russian rubles. The response came after Gazprom, a majority state-owned energy company, threatened to stop pumping gas to those who refused to fulfil Russia's currency requirement. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, who has confirmed paying for gas in rubles would violate Brussels' sanctions, said the move was an “instrument of blackmail” and showed Russia's “unreliability” as a supplier. However, Hungary and Slovakia were both preparing to pay for Russian gas in euros while meeting Moscow's demands. Ex-European Council President Donald Tusk even took aim at many of the 27 members inside the Brussels bloc over its response to Moscow's state-controlled energy blackmail. Mr Tusk, who once said there was a “special place in hell” for those who promoted Brexit without a plan, said on Twitter: “I’ve heard that not only Hungary but also Austria and Germany are ready to pay for the Russian gas in rubles. JUST IN: 'Jack-in-a-box!' Russia suffers setback in Ukraine as major tank design flaw exposed “Are they still in eurozone or in rublezone?” Former Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt replied: “The EU must stay united. “Solidarity not cynicism will get us through. “No other option: Putin's gas blackmail shows again why we need to ditch our dependence on his fossil fuels & go for a full ban now.” READ MORE: Elon Musk says Twitter must be 'politically neutral' amid calls for Donald Trump's return Russia remains a key supplier of crude oil, natural gas and solid fossil fuels for EU member states. EU imports of natural gas from Russia stood at 41.1 percent in 2019, according to Eurostat. Just 16.2 percent came from Norway, 7.6 percent from Algeria and 5.2 percent from Qatar. However, the remaining 29.9 percent of EU natural gas imports came from other countries. DON'T MISS: EU was ‘completely wrong’ to rely on Russian gas - ‘Should have known' [REVEALED]Ukraine LIVE: Russia threatens to bomb Britons in 'immediate' attack [LIVE]Chinese drone giant DJI calls off business in Russia [SPOTLIGHT] Slovakia, Estonia, Poland and Germany are particularly dependent on Russian imports. Russia provides around just five percent of the UK's gas supply.