Aleksey Zhuravlyov, chairman of the Russian nationalist Rodina party, said on Russian state media that he would be happy to “start with a blank slate” should Russia instigate mutually-assured nuclear destruction by firing their new Sarmat missile at the UK. He jokes that the UK’s “abilities are limited” and adds: “One Sarmat missile and that’s it, the British Isles are no more.”    Mr Zhuravlyov said: “One Sarmat missile and that’s it, the British Isles are no more.” When the show’s female co-host Olga Skabeyeva suggests that Russia would not use nuclear weapons against other nations because “we are serious people”, the politician responds by saying “And I am saying this seriously.” He added: “They’re accusing us of state terrorism.” When he is further rebuffed, with the show’s male co-host Evgeny Popov saying the UK has nuclear weapons of its own and to fire such missiles would mean that “no one on the planet would survive”, Mr Zhuravlyov is defiant again. He says: “We’ll start with a blank slate. The question is can they shoot it down. This missile can’t be intercepted.     “Their abilities are limited. They say they can shoot it down. We’ll see about that.” The panel goes on to discuss how long it would take for a Russian nuclear weapon to hit some of the major European cities. Ms Skabeyeva said: “Sarmats are not in Kaliningrad yet. From Kaliningrad to Berlin is 106 seconds. “From Kaliningrad to Paris is 200 seconds. You’re interested in London. It’s 202 seconds to London.” Mr Zhuravlyov, mimicking civilians fleeing for their lives, then says: “Count the seconds. Can you make it? Hello. It’s already here. That’s the way.” READ MORE: West could 'incinerate' Russia - Putin's nuclear war facade torn apart [REVEAL]    The show is one of Russia’s most popular and watched programmes and is hosted by Ms Skabeyeva and Mr Popov, who married in 2016. Ms Skabeyeva has been nicknamed the "Iron Doll of Putin TV" for her criticism of opposition parties in the past. The panel were reacting to comments made by UK armed forces minister James Heappey, who said strikes by Ukraine on Russian soil would be 'legitimate' if they disrupted supply lines. He said: “It is completely legitimate for Ukraine to be targeting in Russia's depth in order to disrupt the logistics that if they weren't disrupted would directly contribute to death and carnage on Ukrainian soil. DON'T MISS: SAS hero blasts Putin over nuclear threats 'Doesn't have the b***s!' [REPORT]Putin nuclear strike would meet with global response never seen in hum [INSIGHT]‘We’re in a state of WW3’ Russian state TV declares [REPORT]    The discussion comes just days after Russia launched its new Sarmat nuclear missile, colloquially known in the West as the “Satan II” bomb. It’s estimated to be capable of covering more than 22,000 miles, meaning it can evade missile detection by flying over the Pacific towards the USA. On Wednesday, Putin told St Petersburg reporters that he “will use” nuclear weapons if prompted by the West. He said: “We have all the weapons we need for this. No one else can brag about these weapons, and we won’t brag about them. But we will use them.”   