Harry's remarks, in which the Duke expressed a desire to ensure the Queen is "protected", has been received in the Palace as a "calculated dig" at senior royal aides, according to expert Richard Palmer. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth on the Royal Roundup, Mr Palmer said: "To me, the most significant thing was he had a go at people around the Queen. "He said he wanted to come back to ensure that she was being protected and have the right people around her. "I think that's provoked a lot of comments, my understanding is that the feeling inside the royal household was that that was a calculated dig at some of the Queen's senior advisers. "He hadn't really been asked about it, he just sort of dropped it into the conversation as far as I can remember." He continued: "I think there's a lot of bitterness from Harry and Meghan still about the way that their exit was handled. "They really wanted a half in half out approach, Queen wasn't having that. "So that was to me the most significant thing. "But then the other thing, of course, was that he was asked whether he was missing his father and his brother - he just completely sidestep that question."  The royal expert continued: "Now I have to say, William was asked about this whole thing, I think it was at the Ukrainian engagement, and, again, sidestepped it. "You could say didn't face the same sort of grilling from the media afterwards that Harry did, but I mean, I do think it was it was significant that if they really were mending fences, I think it would have been easy to say, yes, I love my brother and I love my father, and I'm looking forward to seeing them soon. "But he just completely sidestepped the question. "The signs are at the moment that they, although Harry and Meghan met Charles and Camilla for a short time at Windsor, still a long way to go, before they ever really repair their relationship." DON'T MISS: House engulfed by greenery 'forces' neighbour to build new wall [REVEALED] Dr Shola fumes at St George's Day [REPORT] Dr Chris explains how you could have Covid-19 for two years [LATEST]  In his NBC interview,  Harry appeared to commit his immediate future to the US, saying: "Home for me now is, you know, for the time being, it's in the States, and it feels that way as well." The Duke also said he wanted to make sure his grandmother was "protected" and had "the right people around her". Harry did not elaborate on whether he was referring to royal aides or members of his own family, but his comments are likely to have deepened his rift with his father the Prince of Wales and perplexed palace officials. He side-stepped co-presenter Hoda Kotb's question about whether he missed his father or brother, and instead said of participants at the Invictus Games: "For me at the moment I'm here focused on these guys and giving everything I can 120 percent to them to make sure they have the experience of a lifetime."