The news comes as Russian troops have now officially been declared fully withdrawn from Northern Ukraine. Russian President Vladimir Putin has already suggested phase one of his plans is complete, and he will now be moving on to phase two.   The Kremlin said on Friday what it calls Russia's "special operation" in Ukraine could end in the "foreseeable future" since its aims were being achieved and work was being carried out by both the Russian military and Russian peace negotiators. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov also said Moscow understood some countries had tried to adopt a balanced position had been subjected to pressure to vote on Thursday to suspend Russia from the UN Human Rights Council. The spokesman also admitted Russia has lost significant numbers of troops.He said: “Yes, we have significant losses of troops and it is a huge tragedy for us,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told Sky News. He hinted the fighting might soon be over saying Russian troops were “doing their best to bring an end to the operation.”  Military analysts now believe Russian forces will concentrate their efforts in the east and south of Ukraine. Plans appear to demonstrate Moscow will be seeking to build a land bridge between Russia and the already annexed Crimea peninsula. In spite of the promise the operation is due to finish, the horrors of the occupation of Ukraine are coming to light. Scenes in Bucha on the outskirt are reminiscent of war crimes committed by Serbian forces in Bosnia in the 1990s. The massacre in Srebrenica saw Serbian leaders trialled for genocide.Similar calls are now being made for Putin to face a similar fate. READ MORE:Putin left raging after 60 paratroopers stage mutiny  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has warned far worse scenes are to be expected as forces regain control of the towns left behind by Russian soldiers. Speaking of what to expect, the President warned the town of Borodyanka would be worse than the scenes witnessed in Bucha. Further news has emerged dozens have been killed in an airstrike on a railway station in which civilians were fleeing the war. Ukraine’s state railway company said more than 30 people have been killed and more than 100 were wounded after two Russian rockets struck Kramatorsk railway station in the east of the country.  DON'T MISS:Police red-faced after pilot crashes drone into house [REPORT]Russian forces fully withdrawn from northern Ukraine [INSIGHT]Plotters 'circle Putin' over Ukraine dream [REVEAL] The Donetsk governor, Pavlo Kyrylenko, said thousands of civilians were at the station trying to evacuate to safer areas of Ukraine when it was hit. Mr Zelensky, said no Ukrainian troops were at the train station when it was attacked. Speaking to the Finnish parliament, Mr Zelenskiy said: “Russian forces hit the train station in Kramatorsk, firing on an ordinary train station, on ordinary people, there were no soldiers there.” Russia has denied it had anything to do with the strike.  Speaking to reporters, Kremlin spokesperson Mr Peskov said the Russian armed forces had no missions scheduled for Kramatorsk on Friday. Russia’s defence ministry has also denied Russian forces were responsible for the strike, the Russian state-owned news agency RIA reported. The Russian state-owned organisation quoted the ministry as saying the missile was of a type used only by the Ukrainian military, and similar to one that hit the centre of the city of Donetsk on 14 March. Russian officials have also denied any part in alleged war crimes, suggesting many of the scenes witnessed on social media have been staged. 