In a bid to cut anti-social behaviour in a local multi-storey car park in Hereford, Herefordshire Council will now be able to take legal action against those causing a nuisance. Documents show there have been a number of complaints about antisocial behaviour, thought to stem from so-called 'boy racers' meeting up in the Garrick car park. A public spaces protection order, which aims to deal with any nuisances or problems in a particular area that affects the local community's quality of life, has been previously drawn up. And the new council ruling has now put it in place. As part of the order, drivers will not be allowed to rev their cars, suddenly or rapidly accelerate or race. If the order is broken, motorists could be heavily fined and even summoned to court. READ MORE: Hydrogen cars could cause a ‘nasty explosion’ if involved in a crash Drivers will also not be allowed to leave their engines running on idle other than when queueing to park or leave. Performing any stunts, sounding a horn repetitively, playing music that can be heard outside the car, or making a noise to a certain level will also be banned. The order will not only apply to cars but all vehicles using the car park. On top of that, anyone in the car park will be banned from being threatening, aggressive, and intimidating to other people. DON'T MISSRed diesel ban will create 'perfect storm' of costs as drivers warned [WARNING] Huge road changes could be made to protect people from 'silent' EVs [REVEAL] NHS nurses furious at decision to bring back 'unfair' parking charges [SHOCKING] Using foul or abusive language, gathering, loitering, climbing, throwing items, or cycling in an intimidating or threatening way will also be against the law. Additionally, skating, skateboarding, and ball games will also be banned. Drug use, urination, setting off fireworks, lighting fires, interfering or damaging the car park, sleeping, littering, fly-tipping, or misusing lifts could also result in fines. Failure to comply with the order could see motorists fined up to £1,000 if convicted. Alternatively, drivers will face a £100 fixed penalty notice, reduced to £50 if paid within 10 working days. Failure to pay that fixed penalty notice could lead to prosecution. Ross Cook, corporate director for economy and environment, who made the decision to implement the order, said that antisocial behaviour dropped during the Covid pandemic, but has now started to rise again. Mr Cook added: “For a number of years, there have been complaints regarding anti-social behaviour (ASB) at the Garrick multi-storey car park. "The majority of complaints have been received by the Police with a number being reported to environmental health. "Complaints, in general, were about drug use, noise, racing cars, skateboarding and cycling. "The multi-agency tasking and coordination group (MATAC) has been tackling the issues on a multi-agency basis in an attempt to stop the ASB.” Mr Cook explained measures have now been put in place, including increased security at certain times, as well as more CCTV and ANPR cameras on the entrance and exit. He added: "There was also a community trigger which was actioned regarding the noise created from the ASB in the car park. "Whilst the car park was relatively quiet during Covid the ASB has now started up again and therefore further action was needed on what was already in place. "Further CCTV cameras are being installed and to implement a public spaces protection order (PSPO)."