Recycling, avoiding water and food waste, and using reusable carrier bags are the top things youngsters are doing to be more eco-friendly. A quarter of teens are already encouraging friends to recycle, and nearly half (44 percent) acknowledge they’ve been inspired to become more environmentally sustainable because someone they knew was doing so. More than a third learn about what is happening to the planet from family, while 31 percent get their information from online news and social media. Nearly half agree everyone has to come together to help limit the impacts of climate change, and three-quarters (76 percent) agree young people have the power to help tackle the issue. And more than a third believe their peers are open to making behaviour changes that could help protect the environment. Lucille Moreau at evian, which commissioned the survey, said: “We are excited to see in our research that the youth share our values in making simple changes to reduce their carbon footprint and lead sustainable lifestyles - however, we recognise there is more work to be done. “This is why we are striving to become a circular brand by 2025, as part of our journey. We know we have more to do, and together, we all have a role to play in reducing our environmental impact.” The study, conducted via OnePoll, also found one in three teens (34 percent) said “sustainability” and “helping to reduce our impact on the planet” are common topics of conversation among their friendship groups. Shopping habits are also carefully thought out by this age group, as a third favour sustainably designed products over non-sustainable versions. And the average teen is prepared to spend 30 percent more for an eco-friendly version of something. Leaving the lights on for longer than needed (38 percent), forgetting to switch the TV off when no one’s watching it (34 percent), and wasting food (33 percent) are the most common environmental issues argued about at home. It also emerged 44 percent have previously told a parent off for doing something that wasn’t sustainable - which shows a keenness to engage others in making small changes to reduce their environmental impact. Lucille Moreau added: “In celebration of Earth Day and our collaboration with MATE, evian is proud to be certified carbon neutral since 2020, and to have reduced emissions every year since as part of this.” TOP 20 THINGS TEENS ARE DOING TO BE MORE SUSTAINABLE: