Expectations are high that she will attend Trooping the Colour and a thanksgiving service for her 70-year reign at St Paul’s Cathedral. Her Majesty will not want to disappoint the many thousands of people who hope to catch a glimpse of their beloved Queen. Her sense of duty means she will make every effort to leave Windsor Castle for yet another public appearance. We hope that she will be in good health in the coming weeks and months and be able to enjoy grand celebrations of her service to this country. Ideally, this will be a year in which she will also spend precious time with family and friends as well as finding pleasure in favourite pursuits, such as going to the races. Her Majesty has coped with her mobility difficulties with fortitude and the words of the national anthem have a new poignancy. The nation really does wish her happiness, and we are grateful for each new day of her reign. We know that she has put her country first and honoured her coronation pledges with devotion. If she feels unable to attend an event this will in no way dilute Britain’s love for one of our very greatest monarchs. Throughout her life she has modelled values we can all choose to live by. In following her inspirational example, each one of us can strive to not let her down. ----- The slaughter of women and children in the latest Russian atrocity in Ukraine will never be forgotten – and those responsible should be hauled into the dock. At least fifty refugees were killed in a missile strike on a crowded railway station. Russia traditionally takes macho pride in its army but its forces are either incompetent or have adopted the tactics of the most vicious terrorists. Even if it takes decades, these barbaric butchers should be brought to justice. ----- The Grand National Day is back – and what a delight it is to see the crowds, the horses and colour return to Aintree. We might look in envy at friends who are at the racecourse today but all of us can share in the excitement. Why not have a flutter with the free £1 shop bet contained in today’s paper? It will be a joy to watch the world’s greatest steeplechase, and all the more so because the whole nation is vaulting away from the days of lockdown towards a summer of fun.