It is a well known fact that bedrooms can harbour dust and dirt due to people spending a lot of time in them. However, experts at online-bedrooms.co.uk have shared which areas may be forgotten about when it comes to cleaning, including the flooring, which could be harbouring more germs than a toilet seat. Nic Shacklock from online-bedrooms.co.uk explained: “It’s no secret that germs live all over our houses, however there are lots of hidden spots that we may not ever think about during our cleaning rituals. “Spots like pillowcases and curtains are silent killers. Even though they might look fresh and clean, they are hiding a range of nasty bacteria that could lead to enhanced allergies, unpleasant odours and skin issues.” According to the experts, pillows can accumulate several thousand times more bacteria than a toilet seat in just one week. They said: “Luckily, the organisms found on pillowcases are largely harmless and are simply a build-up of skin cells, sweat and saliva. READ MORE: Martin Roberts: ‘Look around’ when shopping for a new kitchen “This is why it is recommended to keep your bed as clean as possible by washing bedding once a week.” Mattresses can also be a hotspot for nasty germs as Britons spend a third of their lives sleeping and relaxing on them, according to the experts. They added: “Yeast, mould and bacteria could all be bunking in your bed, especially if your mattress is more than eight years old. “As well as microbes, skin cells and food particles that are transferred to our mattresses from our bodies, a factor in making mattresses such a germ spot is gravity. DON'T MISS:How to use white vinegar and baking soda when doing laundry - top tips [EXPERT]Tomatoes: ‘Blight-resistant’ varieties to grow to avoid disease [COMMENT]Houseplant: Snake plants can remove ‘toxins’ from the home [EXPLAINER] “Airborne particles of dust and debris float around the bedroom before settling on the bed. Daily exposure to this array of nasty microorganisms is not healthy for anyone, which is why it is recommended to switch up your mattress every seven to eight years.” Carpets and floors in the bedroom can also be a culprit for harbouring germs. This is because they are walked on every day, if not multiple times a day. The experts said: “In fact, results show that carpets are dirtier than toilet seats. “But it’s not just about bacteria we need to worry about, dust and dirt collects across your floors no matter how much foot traffic happens in the room. “This is why all floors should have a good vacuum once a week.” Lamps, which may be placed on bedside tables, can also collect dust and dirt. If not cleaned, the dust could make allergies worse, especially if they are close to the bed. The experts recommended dusting and disinfecting lampshades and bases weekly. They continued: “Although your curtains may appear to be clean, they gather dust, pet hair and even mould spores over time. “Every time your curtains are opened or closed, those dirty particles swirl around your home’s air. “It is recommended to do a full curtain wash at least twice a year, more often for those with dust allergies.”