Valerii Korshunov told Express.co.uk about what the use of chemical and biological weapons can do to the human body. The Chernobyl expert described how such a weapon would be launched, either by plane or drone from the sky. Ukraine has also reported atrocities involving some form of biological weapons on the people of Ukraine, as many describe experiencing the symptoms. Mr Korshunov encouraged covering the mouth with a clean dry cloth to stop the damaging particles from entering the airways and lungs. Mr Korshunov said: " A chemical weapon, after explosions, will be delivered by the air. "So if you understand that chemical weapons were used, you need to, first of all, try to go get as far away as you can. "And try not to breathe the air. Maybe find clothes, make them dry and breathe through these clothes. "And also some kinds of chemical weapons are really different. JUST IN: Prince William must 'temper' meeting with Harry and Meghan after 'intentional damage' Mr Kushunov said: "And it works really differently, but first of all you need to go away. "Because some kinds of weapons can you know, fire your skin, some kinds can fire your lungs. "And when you breathe, so first of all you need to go away because it works in a short time, and it's really intense." Ukraine has claimed Russia has already used such weapons, and with the battle for the city of Mariupol well underway many military experts are worried that more could be used. READ MORE: Rwanda plan is ‘long overdue’ to thwart callous people traffickers, insists Tory stalwart A representative of the People's Militia of the Donetsk People's Republic, Eduard Basurin has reportedly claimed there may be a possibility of forces deciding to "turn to the chemical troops" in Mariupol. Due to the use of chemical weapons, a US Florida Republican Representative Michael Waltz has decided to back calls for NATO to get more involved in the war. NATO members have continued to give Ukraine weapons to fight off the onslaught, and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky is likely to ask for more support. Speaking on chemical warfare, Mr Waltz said: "President [Joe] Biden should have been setting red lines from the beginning with the use of weapons of mass destruction. "I believe that red line...that would be the line for NATO to become directly involved. "We cannot allow chemical weapons, or God forbid, tactical nuclear weapons, to be the next rung in the escalation ladder that we allow Putin to go." 