Chelsea legend John Terry believes Declan Rice would be an "incredible" addition to Thomas Tuchel's squad. Terry says the England international will have a decision to make this summer if West Ham are not willing to spend big to strengthen their squad. Hammers boss David Moyes claimed this week that Rice would cost at least £150million. Manchester United are linked with a big-money move for the 23-year-old. Rice grew up a Chelsea fan though and was in the Blues academy until the age of 14. Chelsea are currently unable to make signings due to the restrictions imposed on their owner Roman Abramovich by the UK Government. But a sale of the club, which is expected this month, could enable normal duties to resume at Stamford Bridge. In an interview with Stadium Astro, Terry was asked if he would attempt to lure the midfielder back to west London. READ MORE: Man Utd players being ‘split’ over Erik ten Hag speaks volumes about the squad  Terry, who is back at Chelsea in a consultancy role in the academy, said: "I’m going to get in trouble here for what I say! You know what, Dec obviously loves Chelsea – I think everyone knows that. "I think the rejection he had from Chelsea has really helped his career actually. What he’s done at West Ham is pretty much incredible. "We saw in the FA Cup [against Kidderminster Harriers in February] when he came on and scored, and again grabbed the game by the scruff of the neck. I think from Dec’s side of things, I think he’s given everything to West Ham. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Rangnick explains four demands he’s made as Glazers face crunch time [QUOTES]Chelsea have four players who may be dropped for Real Madrid clash after Brentford mauling [OPINION]Man Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford job [REPORT]  "And for me, looking from the outside, unless West Ham go and make a big statement in the summer and go and spend £100million-plus and say, 'We want to keep Dec and we want to bring in top players like you,' then I think he’s got a decision to make. I think if West Ham go and spend huge amounts of money, bring in top players, then I think it’s difficult for him to walk away." Asked if he would be a wonderful addition for Chelsea, Terry was unequivocal in his response. "Ah incredible," he said. Earlier this year, Rice revealed Terry was his childhood ideal and explained how he speaks to him on a regular basis. Appearing on the Overlap, Rice said: “I speak to him a lot, I speak to him all the time really.  “For me growing up being a Chelsea fan having a season ticket there, going to all the big games just being in the academy, just him, looking at him. Everything was JT. The kit JT26 on the back, even when I was young I said if I make it I want to be number 26." "He was amazing for me when I got released as well, he picked up the phone, he didn’t have to, I was only 14 at the time and I was speaking to my idol, so yeah we’ve got a good relationship.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here