Petrol prices have hit a record high last month, at £1.66 a litre. And, whilst the cost of fuel has dropped down ever so slightly, drivers still regularly face costs of more than £85 to fill their tank. Current RAC Fuel Watch data shows that drivers are facing costs of 163.28p per litre for unleaded petrol, while super unleaded is slightly more expensive at 175.4p. With that in mind, the car leasing experts at LeaseCar.uk have provided British motorists with tips on how they can decrease their fuel consumption to save money. Tim Allock from LeaseCar.uk said: “Now more than ever drivers will be feeling the squeeze because of the extreme price increase of fuel in the UK. “The increased price of oil has had a knock-on effect and as a result petrol and diesel prices are at an all-time high.” READ MORE: Police unable to stop petrol and diesel thieves without evidence However, Mr Allock stressed that despite the “dramatic” increases, there are a number of techniques and habits that drivers can implement to make their fuel last longer. The expert said: “By simply being more aware of how you drive around day-to-day and implementing some easy driving habits, drivers should be able to see a noticeable difference in their fuel consumption." He continued: “Most modern vehicles will have a system that measures your mpg (miles per gallon) which is a good indication on how efficiently you’re driving. “Some cars even have driving analysis systems that measure speed changes and reward efficiency when it comes to changing gears. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis gives desperate drivers fuel saving tips [INSIGHT]Drivers should avoid turning right to save on petrol and diesel costs [REVEAL]Drivers falling victim to petrol and diesel costs in 'rip-off scandal' [SHOCKING] “Other behaviours such as acceleration and braking times are also good things to keep an eye on in order to conserve fuel”, Mr Allock added. Drivers are also being prompted to take care of their vehicles and carry out regular checks on things such as tyres. The expert stressed that tyres that aren’t fully inflated can lead to an increase in fuel consumption. Mr Allock added: “Using air con sparingly, closing windows and avoiding idling can all play a part in keeping your tank as full as possible.” The fuel prices have dropped slightly since last month with UK motorists now paying an average of £1.64 for a litre of unleaded. According to the RAC, last month’s fuel duty cut should have lowered the cost of filling an average family car from £92 to £89 if filling up with petrol, or from £98 to £95 when filling with diesel. However, even those marginal gains have not been met, as retailers appear reluctant or slow to pass on the full duty cut. The RAC said drivers would be “disappointed that prices haven’t come down further”, but because retailers have to wait for fresh deliveries to buy at the lower rate it could take some time for the cut to feed through. Even if the duty cut is passed on in full to drivers, its potential effect on prices has been described as a drop in the ocean. When Chancellor of the Exchequer announced the duty cut last month, RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said: “The window for pump prices to come down appears to have been well and truly closed. “With both oil prices and therefore wholesale fuel costs once again rising, putting yet more pressure on households and businesses. “In just the last week, the average cost of a litre of petrol has gone up 3.5p and diesel by a staggering 5.5p.”