The allegation comes as Russia has launched the second stage of its so-called “special operation” in Ukraine. Forces from Moscow are now intensifying their attack on Eastern Ukraine, hoping to create a land bridge between the mainland and the already annexed Crimea peninsula.  Now, Russian billionaire oligarch Oleg Tinkov has delivered a damning report on Putin and his military. Taking to social media, Mr Tinkov wrote: “The Russian generals had by now realised " they have a s****ty army. “And how could the army be any good when the whole rest of the country is s***ty and soiled by nepotism, sycophancy and conformity.” He stated he did not see "a single profiteer from this insane war", which only leads to "innocent people and soldiers dying".  The oligarch was also sceptical as to how much support Putin enjoyed within Russia over the invasion of Ukraine. He said: “90 percent of Russians are against this war.” He added: “Only a minority support the war. "But ten percent of every country are idiots."  READ MORE:Putin's 'second front' as wildfires ravage Russia In English, Mr Tinkov addressed the West: "Please give Mr Putin a clear exit to save his face and stop this massacre. “Please be more rational and humanitarian." Many oligarchs have been sanctioned over the war in Ukraine. Assets have been seized ranging from properties, cash and luxury yachts. Mr Tinkow believes many Russian oligarchs resent Putin over the loss of their assets. According to Mr Tinkov, there is resentment among the Russian elite about the impact of Western sanctions against Moscow. Kremlin officials were "shocked" at the fact they and their children can no longer spend their summer holidays in the Mediterranean, he said."Entrepreneurs are trying to save what is left of their assets,” wrote the oligarch.  DON'T MISS:Putin's 'second front' as wildfires ravage Russia [REPORT]Mid-flight horror as passengers 'hold plane door closed' [REVEAL]Macron and Le Pen set for bombshell election TV fight [INSIGHT] The bank owned by the oligarch, Tinkoff Bank said it would not comment on its owner's “private opinion.” The company founder was no longer an employee of the bank and had not been in Russia for a long time. Moreover, he had been dealing with "health problems in recent years". Russian authorities are taking massive action against critics of the Ukraine invasion. Statements the government classifies as "false news" about the army are punishable by up to 15 years in prison. Putin has also publicly stated those opposing the war will be referred to as “fifth columns”, a term traditionally pointing to those supporting an enemy.  In a speech in March, Putin said: "The West will try to rely on the so-called fifth column, on national traitors, on those who earn money here with us but live there. “And I mean 'live there' not even in the geographical sense of the word, but according to their thoughts, their slavish consciousness.” "Such people who by their very nature, are mentally located there, and not here, are not with our people, not with Russia.” He added: “But any people, and even more so the Russian people, will always be able to distinguish true patriots from scum and traitors, and simply spit them out like a gnat that accidentally flew into their mouths, spit them out on the pavement.” Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg 