The Ilyushin II-80 is Russia’s aircraft that could keep Putin and his officials out of trouble in the event of a nuclear explosion. Dubbed the Maxdome, its cockpit windows have a special baffle blocking out occupants from an electromagnetic pulse (EMP), or a nuclear blast. The aircraft also has a retractable fuelling probe underneath the cockpit and two large electrical generator pods inside its engines in case of mid-air failure. It is also said to have 39 pieces of radio equipment stolen from inside the plane during a maintenance routine. But these missing pieces were later declared to not be strategically important, CNN reported. There are also reports of a third-generation Russia is developing that might be unveiled soon, but there have not been any recent updates. This plan is just said to be one part of Putin’s “doomsday” fleet. In March, there were reports of one of Putin’s planes scrambling above Moscow. Data from FlightRadar24 shows a plane with the code "RSD980" described as "Rossiya - Special Flight Squadron" circulating over Moscow. The data shows that the aircraft took off from Moscow Vnukovo International Airport at 4:16pm, and the flight path shows the plane making numerous circulations in the airspace above Moscow. The plane circulated for 3 hours and 41 minutes, before landing at the same airport according to the site’s data. The US also has a “doomsday plan” of its own, a $200million (£150million) aircraft designed to act as a flying control centre if nuclear war erupts. Back in March, the plane took part in a four-hour training sortie. READ MORE: Bulgaria and Greece break EU ranks with new nuclear plan The modified Boeing 747, took flight from a US Air Force base inin Nebraska, reportedly completing a mission with other specialised early-warning jets that track ballistic missiles. The flight test was not long after Putin put his nuclear forces on “special alert”. Putin’s order was his response to the alleged "aggressive statements" made by the West, amid the widespread condemnation of Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine. A number of war experts have warned that the fighting in Ukraine could in fact erupt into a nuclear conflict. DON'T MISS Bulgaria and Greece break EU ranks with new nuclear plan [REPORT]Putin promise to use 'weapons of unprecedented characteristics' [REVEAL] Putin's plot to hold Germany to ransom could end in disaster [INSIGHT] The modified Boeing 747, took flight from a US Air Force base inin Nebraska, reportedly completing a mission with other specialised early-warning jets that track ballistic missiles. The flight test was not long after Putin put his nuclear forces on “special alert”. Putin’s order was his response to the alleged "aggressive statements" made by the West, amid the widespread condemnation of Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine. A number of war experts have warned that the fighting in Ukraine could in fact erupt into a nuclear conflict. Dmitry Medvedev, deputy chief of Russia’s Security Council and former president, said in a Telegram post: “In this case, there can be no talk of non-nuclear status for the Baltic - the balance must be restored. "Until today, Russia has not taken such measures and was not going to."But Lithuania, which is a NATO member, said this is not a new threat as Russia already has nuclear weapons in the Baltic region. Lithuanian Defence Minister Arvydas Anusauskas said Moscow deployed in Russia's Kaliningrad enclave even before the full-scale invasion of Ukraine. He said: "The current Russian threats look quite strange when we know that, even without the present security situation, they keep the weapon 100 km from Lithuania's border," "Nuclear weapons have always been kept in Kaliningrad. The international community, the countries in the region, are perfectly aware of this. They use it as a threat."