They have been speaking out about how they have never experienced such financial hardship even though they lived through the Miner’s Strike of 1974. While many are being forced to make impossible choices, figures show that more than three million could get state benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). While no one can escape the cost of living crisis, pensioners are one of the worst-hit by rising energy bills and food prices. Pensioners have been speaking out about how they can’t afford to eat hot food or put the heating on. Benita is one of several pensioners who is struggling to survive and because she volunteers at a Torquay charity Punk Against Poverty, she knows she's not the only one. She told Express.co.uk: “If dinner now is soup and a sandwich - which it quite often is - what will we drop?” READ MORE: Benefit expert shares how to receive £350 per month Another pensioner who has never experienced such financial hardship is Keith Grinsted. He is 69-years-old and is still working, yet he can’t afford to put the heating on. Keith said: “Working from home all day I add extra jumpers rather than have the heating on. “I take two layers off when I'm on a Zoom call then quickly put them back on afterwards!”  DON'T MISSPIP claimant 'distraught' after DWP process - 'Debt piling up' [INSIGHT]State pensioners could miss out on pension by giving wrong details [WARNING]PIP claim: 87 conditions that could mean you qualify for £627 a month [UPDATE] He has set up a new initiative - www.goodbyehungry.com to make sure Britons don’t go hungry by connecting people with free food from supermarkets and food banks. At the same time, Britons are also being advised to make sure they are receiving all the Government benefits they are entitled to. Millions of vulnerable pensioners aren’t claiming benefits they are entitled to such as Pension Credit, Attendance Allowance and Personal Independence Payments (PIP). Nearly three and a half (3.4) million are missing out on Attendance Allowance alone - something that campaigners say needs to change.   Thousands more (850 000) pensioners are missing out on Pension Credit which could be worth thousands of pounds every year. David Samson, Welfare Benefit Specialist at poverty charity Turn2us, said unclaimed benefits are a huge issue in the UK. “Whether it is because of an overly complicated system, societal stigma or simply not knowing, there are many reasons why people miss out on their benefits. “People over the age of 65 are especially likely to be missing out on their entitlements. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He continued: “We urge anyone who is unsure of what they are entitled to, to do a benefit calculation to see if there is anything they can claim.” Even if people only receive a few pounds in Pension Credit it could mean that they also get a Council Tax reduction and financial assistance towards energy bills. Britons can check their eligibility by using the benefits calculator on Gov.uk Many may also benefit from our article on 50 ways to make extra money - one option sees pensioners earn up to £290 a day.  Do you want to share your story with Express Money? Get in touch by emailing personal.finance@reachplc.com. Unfortunately, we cannot respond to every email.  