With Ofgem raising the energy price cap to a record level, homeowners across the country have now been left to carefully consider the energy usage in their own property. In fact, some may believe they’re saving extra cash by listening to tips they’ve heard or read about to lower their heating costs, but it could in fact be adding to their total spend. Heating experts have shared common myths to avoid and how Britons can heat their home for less. Experts from Rightio explained that the myth of turning the heat up higher in cold weather will not help warm up the home faster. They said: “If you’ve ever thought to turn your heating up a little higher when it’s cold outside, then you wouldn’t be alone. However, this won’t really help you get warmer faster. “Your room will warm up at exactly the same speed as normal, but the higher temperature setting will mean that it will cost you more on your bill. “If you want to check that your home is doing the best it can to keep the cold weather out, your time will be much better spent looking for cracks or splits in your exterior walls. READ MORE: Heating: How to use tin foil to heat your home for less “Windows and doorways are common spots for draughts to spring up and let cold air flood into your home. “Not only that, but cracks will also let the warm air of your home escape. “To keep out the cold outdoors and the warmth indoors, make sure that everything is sealed around your home.” This way, it is easier to resist reaching for that thermostat as soon as it’s cold outside and instead be assured that the home will warm up soon. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove limescale deposits from your taps [TIPS]Laundry: How to fix ‘stiff’ and ‘crunchy’ towels [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to unblock drains using hair removal cream [COMMENT] According to John Lawless, a heating expert from heating supplier BestHeating, turning the heating up for those who have pets is not necessary. More than a fifth of Britons say they keep the heating on when they are not home and at night because they believe their "pets want this". According to John, however, there are other ways to ensure pets stay warm. He said: "Large, animals with thick coats tend to prefer temperatures low whilst only your hairless small cats and dogs prefer a warmer feeling. "You should always provide your pet with a soft, warm bed, and open the curtains so the sun shines in, giving them a place to sunbathe." Another myth circulating is that painting radiators black can reduce energy bills. This myth is based on the idea that black absorbs heat quickly and as a result will transfer heat out at a better rate than white or other coloured radiators. John said: “It's more important to insulate walls to prevent heat leaking out of your home altogether. "A good idea is to put reflective panels behind radiators, these will help cut energy use by reflecting heat from the radiator back into the room, preventing an escape through external walls." Many believe that having a big boiler will help save energy, however, this is far from the case. The heating expert said: “Two-fifths believe this to be true and the size of a boiler does matter but it must be in relation to the size of the house. "Having a massive boiler in a regular-sized home will make you waste money on your bills." Homeowners need to have a good understanding of how their boiler works. A recent BestHeating survey revealed that 62 percent of those surveyed said they don’t know what the valves on a radiator or boiler do. John added: "The amount of heat that you get from the boiler is determined by the size of your radiators, meaning that if you have a high output boiler but small radiators it is not going to have any effect. "Finding a correct sized boiler that doesn’t work too hard and doesn’t have too much to give out is the most energy-efficient and cheapest way."