The Glazers have no interest in selling Manchester United despite fan protests that are calling for the family to relinquish ownership of the Premier League club, according to reports. The Americans are yet to make good on their promise to become more transparent, further infuriating supporters who have been unhappy for the majority of their stewardship.    The 1958 supporters group staged a protest at the Red Devils’ Carrington training complex on Saturday ahead of the top-flight fixture with Norwich at Old Trafford. A peaceful demonstration directed anger at United’s owners and their under-performing players. Off-field trouble continues to cloud Old Trafford. Supporters have long been angry at the Glazer family, who purchased the club for £790million in 2005. Twelve months ago, fans stormed Old Trafford in protest over their ownership, forcing a high-profile fixture against Liverpool to be postponed. It came after United signed up to the strongly condemned European Super League plans. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag compared to ex-Man Utd coach Louis van Gaal    At the time, the Glazers promised to be more transparent with supporters. “We want to work together to come up with an ambitious package of measures which will transform our relationship with fans and strengthen the club for the long-term,” Joel Glazer began a 708-word open letter. Many of the promises made in the gushing but rare communication with fans are yet to come to fruition. Fans are now staging further protests and although Saturday’s were peaceful, the Mirror claim that intelligence gathered by Greater Manchester Police predicts further demonstrations may not be quite so harmonious. But despite wide-ranging displeasure, sources have told the same publication that the Glazers have no interest in selling the club. “The family have never wavered in their commitment to maintaining ownership of United and as far as the club is aware nothing has changed,” they said. DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Conte uses the weather as an excuse for Brighton defeat5 things we learned as Spurs suffer top-four blow in Brighton defeatSpurs chief Levy urged to change as Jenas makes bold Conte prediction  “They have seen this kind of protest before and while they would prefer a better relationship with all of United's fan base they won't be driven out by this kind of opposition.” Grand multi-million pound plans to redevelop Old Trafford - announced last week - point towards a long-term stay for the Glazers. That will further frustrate fans who want them gone. A long-term decline on the pitch is another source of frustration. United have scarcely come close to winning the Premier League since Sir Alex Ferguson’s final season in 2012-13. The Red Devils have twice finished runners-up in the years since but on both occasions were miles off rivals Manchester City. Erik ten Hag - who is widely expected to become the club’s next manager - will inherit a squad requiring a major overhaul.   