Billions sees ruthless US Attorney Chuck Rhoades (played by Paul Giamatti) go head-to-head with some big names in the world of finance who are raising their net worths with the help of some illicit dealings. Season five saw the exit of hedge fund manager Bobby "Axe" Axelrod (Damian Lewis) which had a massive impact on the Showtime and Sky One drama in the latest series. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know on the future of Billions. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Billions. Billions season six came to an end on Sunday, April 10, on Showtime and Sky One, but there is no need to wait to find out if it will return. The drama's creators have already confirmed that Billions will be back for a seventh season. Fans had to wait for three years between series five and six due to the impact of the coronavirus pandemic on the entertainment industry. While it's too early for a release date to be announced, the wait is expected to be nowhere near as long for the new episodes. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames A Typically, Billions comes out with another series in the first few months of the year. As long as there are no more delays in filming, Billions could be back for its seventh season in early 2023. This latest series saw the end of Axe's reign as he had been cornered by Chuck who was waving prison time in his face. Axe was unwilling to spend the rest of his life behind bars though and so decided to leave his new romance with Wendy (Maggie Siff) behind and flea to Switzerland. Actor Damien Lewis has previously said he wouldn't be closed off to the idea of returning but not just yet. He told the New York Times: "There's an opportunity maybe for me to return. But for now, broadly speaking, Axe has been vanquished." Lewis, who had played the character for five series, "always just assumed that would be enough", believing there wouldn't be much more to explore creatively with his Axe. He added that it was "easily the most time I've spent playing one character." DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop’s Amanda Middleditch opens up on BBC success [EXPLAINER]Why is Damian Lewis not in Billions season 6? [CAST]Billions season 5 air date, cast, trailer, plot: When will it air? [EXPLAINER] This isn't the end of the story for Chuck though with Axe now out of the picture. Prior to fleeing the country, he sold his companies to Chuck's new rival Mike Prince (Corey Stoll) who have been at loggerheads ever since the series five finale. By the end of season six, Prince had managed to salvage his political career, whereas Chuck was released from prison with the purpose of destroying his enemy's future. So how will this game of finances escalate in the next series? Billions co-creator David Levien has previously described what initially inspired the drama. He explained: “When we started the show, we were very much captivated by silent hedge fund guys trading stocks, trying to stay in the shadows and not become famous. “Over the years, we’ve seen people use their prominence and their wealth in the public space to try and move discourse and use that as an extra source of power.” Billions is available to watch on Showtime in America and Sky One in the UK.