Jada Pinkett Smith has spoken out on her husband Will Smith’s incident at the 94th Academy Awards, which saw him banned from the Oscars gala and other Academy events for 10 years. The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air stormed the stage to slap comedian Chris Rock after he made light of Jada’s buzzcut. Jada had previously discussed her struggles with alopecia. Will has since apologised to viewers, the Academy and Chris for his actions during the coveted ceremony. Now, Jada has confirmed she and her family are focusing on “deep healing” in the latest episode of her show Red Table Talk. A statement issued ahead of the episode read: “Considering all that has happened in the last few weeks, the Smith family has been focusing on deep healing. “Some of the discoveries around our healing will be shared when the time calls. “Until then … the table will continue offering itself to powerful, inspiring and healing testimonies like that of our incredibly impressive first guest. “Thanks for joining us, Jada.” Despite the controversial incident, Will won Best Actor for his role in King Richard later in the evening. During his acceptance speech, he apologised to the event organisers and to Richard Williams, who he played in the film. However, earlier his month the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced it had ruled that the actor would be banned from its events for the next ten years. In an open letter to the Academy "family”, David Rubin, President, and Dawn Hudson, CEO, outlined the reasons behind their move. They said the 94th Oscars ceremony was “meant to be a celebration of the many individuals who did incredible work this past year”. DON'T MISS: 'Heartbroken' Helen Mirren breaks silence after Rio Hackford's death [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, teases fans as she flaunts legs in daring skirt [LATEST]Carol Kirkwood sets record straight on BBC Breakfast future [UPDATE] “However,” they added, “Those moments were overshadowed by the unacceptable and harmful behaviour we saw Mr Smith exhibit on stage.” “During our telecast, we did not adequately address the situation in the room,” they added. “For this, we are sorry. This was an opportunity for us to set an example for our guests, viewers and our Academy family around the world, and we fell short — unprepared for the unprecedented.” In an Instagram post following the infamous moment, Will admitted that he "deeply regrets" his actions and that he's a "work in progress.” He penned: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. “My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. “Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. “I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong."