 The 46-year-old legendary golfer goes into the first day of the 86th Masters today, aiming to become the oldest man to ever win the competition. To do so, Woods will once again need to defy the odds, with the golfer having been involved in a major car crash last year on a stretch of mountain road outside Los Angeles. He explained to the press: “I never left my hospital bed even to see my living room for three months”. After that Woods was still subjected to months in a wheelchair, and was in and out of surgery while they bolted his leg together with “rods and plates and screws”. Woods, who has claimed 15 Major wins and 82 PGA Tour titles, has in the past decade been marred by setbacks due to injury and much-publicised problems in his personal life. The golfing legend had a five-year spell when he did not win a single tournament after battling personal demons and having faced an arrest for driving under the influence. Meanwhile, Woods spent two years fighting a debilitating back injury that saw him have surgery four times. Read More: 5 embarrassing Masters moments - including Woods' horror 10 on par 3  However, in 2018 he was seen holding back tears as he reached the 18th green at the PGA Championship in Atlanta, Georgia, before winning the tournament. Thousands of people cheered, while the golfer raised his hands in delight to celebrate his fairytale comeback. According to Sky Sports, Woods said: “I was having a hard time not crying coming up to the last hole. “I kept saying, ‘Hey, I could still play this out of bounds.’  “But once I got the ball on the green I gave [caddie] Joey [LaCava] a high face because I knew it was done.” Woods added that he had loved every minute, despite the comeback having been a “grind”. He said: “It’s been tough. I’ve had a not-so-easy last couple of years. “I’ve worked my way back. I couldn’t have done it without the help of all the people around me. Don't Miss:Ryder Cup hero Sergio Garcia delivered stinging assessment of Woods[OPINION]Ryder Cup: Ian Poulter was blasted by Tiger Woods in ‘rude text’[INSIGHT]Tiger Woods: Crucial advice father gave to golf legend [ANALYSIS]  “Some of the other players knew what I was struggling with. “It was really special to see them at the green on 18. It’s just hard to believe I won the Tour Championship.” Woods’ remarkable resurgence continued for the rest of that year, with the US athlete challenging at The Open and pushing eventual champion Brooks Koepka close at the US PGA Tour. Then, Woods claimed victory at the 2019 Masters, which some fans have labelled the most remarkable of the golfer's celebrated career.  Though it seems outlandish to suggest Woods could win at this year’s Masters, he insisted that he has come back from worse setbacks. Woods said: “I feel I can still do it and I feel like I still have the hands to do it; the body’s moving good enough. “I’ve been in worse situations and played and won tournaments.  “Now I haven’t been in situations like this where I’ve had to endure what I’m going to try and endure, that’s a different challenge. “But my back surgeries and all that stuff I’ve had to play through before, those are all things I can draw upon where I was successful.” Not only did Woods claim a Masters two years after undergoing spinal fusion surgery, he also won the 2008 US Open while carrying two stress fractures and a torn anterior cruciate ligament.