As Brits across the country celebrate Easter over the first bank holiday weekend of April, supermarkets have been temporarily reducing their opening hours to allow staff some extra time to spend with their families. Easter is widely celebrated by Christians and its many denominations and as Sunday is recognised as the day of rest, many stores will be closed. Easter Sunday takes place on April 16 this year, and in the UK, the weekend is bookended by two bank holidays, Good Friday and Easter Monday; making for a four day weekend. Supermarkets have been altering their operating hours over the past two days to reflect the holiday, with two more days of reduced hours to come. Store opening hours will very much vary depending on location and store type, so shoppers are strongly advised to check the opening times of their local store before heading over to avoid disappointment. For the majority of major supermarkets, the superstores will generally be closed on Easter Sunday, but it’ll be business as usual for many of the smaller stores, such as Tesco Express. READ MORE: When should you give Easter eggs, and when can you eat them?   But, to clear up any questions you might have, here are the opening hours for Tesco, Morrisons, and Asda. Tesco store opening times will vary over the Easter weekend based on store and location. The superstore opening hours are:Easter Sunday, April 17: ClosedEaster Monday, April 18: 8am - 6pm However, many Tesco Express stores will remain open on Easter Sunday - but this definitely does vary as some are noted to be closed.  A quick check suggests the Tesco Express stores that are open will be operating at their usual respective times, but check your local before you head over. Visit the Tesco store finder here to check the opening times for your local store. Morrisons are another store to have altered its operating hours, but it has been stressed that this also will vary depending on location. The store opening hours are:Easter Sunday, April 17: ClosedEaster Monday, April 18: 7am - 8pm Visit the Morrisons store finder here to check the opening times for your local store. DON'T MISS: UK Weather: Britons to plunge into cool 6C week after heatwave  [ANALYSIS]Queen's hot cross bun recipe shared [EXPLAINED]Christ's crucifixion: Seven facts disprove 'absurd' Bible story [INSIGHT]     Asda will also remain to operate on reduced hours, with Sunday seeing a closure of stores across the UK. It does advise customers to check the local store beforehand as again, these hours will vary depending on location. The store opening hours are:Easter Sunday, April 17: ClosedEaster Monday, April 18: 6am - 8pm Visit the Asda store finder here to check the opening times for your local store. 