Mohamed Salah may be one of the best football players in the world, but he isn't even good enough to make David James' combined XI between Liverpool and Manchester City players. He did include Luis Diaz though, who was given the nod over the Egyptian. Mohamed Salah may be one of the best players in world football, but he still doesn't make David James' team as Luis Diaz is preferred. Liverpool travel to the Etihad Stadium on Sunday to face Manchester City, and the winner will surely become automatic Premier League title favourites with the pair separated by a single point. Both Liverpool and City are by far the best two teams in England, and perhaps the best in all of Europe due to their recent dominance. Separating them is no easy ask, and on paper their squads are equally matched making it an even tougher comparison when choosing a combined XI. However, Salah would be one of the first names on the team sheet for most fans, but not James.  READ MORE: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic When naming his combined XI between Liverpool and City, Salah was nowhere to be seen as he was shockingly snubbed by James. The former Reds goalkeeper told Genting Casino: "I'd go Raheem Sterling, Phil Foden and Luis Diaz up front, so no Mo Salah!" Therefore Sadio Mane was also ignored as James doubled down on Liverpool's January signing, who has impressed since arriving at Anfield. But the Colombian is far from the player that either Mane or Salah are just yet, although his potential at Liverpool could see him create a similar legacy. But that was just the forward line in James' ideal combined XI, as he added: "I've put Alisson above Ederson based on the fact that Alisson has had more to do. If you take into consideration how important Alisson has been in keeping clean sheets and stopping in the last few months. I think in the last few games Ederson's kicked the ball over the halfway line twice."  DON'T MISS...Rangnick 'has limited say' as Man Utd mull over Ten Hag or PochettinoMan City performed 'chess move' to coerce Man Utd into signing RonaldoGoater names two next Man City boss options that would annoy Arsenal James also preferred Liverpool's left-back Andy Robertson to Joao Cancelo, as his defence was evenly split, although surprisingly Trent Alexander-Arnold didn't make the cut. James added: "I'd have Robertson at left-back over Joao Cancelo as he doesn't shoot as much and therefore doesn’t give the ball away as much. "I'd have Luis Diaz and Virgil van Dijk. I'd go Kyle Walker and the reason being is that there's going to be a lot of space and he'll need to get back and defend. I love Trent Alexander-Arnold going forward and he's a decent defender, but I'd just edge Walker over him." There was no debate in midfield though, as James named a full City trio in the middle of the park, meaning there is no room for Jordan Henderson, Thiago or Fabinho. James said: "I'll go with all of the City midfield, so Rodri, KDB and Bernardo Silva in midfield."  The two sides have already met once this season but they couldn't be separated as they played out a stunning 2-2 draw at Anfield, but the level of importance on Sunday's meeting is a step above. It won't be their last clash this season though, as they could play up to four games against one another. They will already meet in the FA Cup semi-final as both sides target further domestic glory, but they could meet in the Champions League too, providing both teams make it to the final. If fans thought that last year's final between Chelsea and City was the ultimate English battle, then a potential clash with Liverpool would create even further bragging rights. The Champions League is the one trophy that City crave, and the one competition that Pep Guardiola is yet to inspire success in, but they still have a tough battle to make the final this year. They will take a one-goal advantage to Madrid next week, and after Real Madrid beat Chelsea 3-1 in their first-leg, they may be back in the Spanish capital again if they can beat Atletico next week.  The only trophy missing from Jurgen Klopp's haul is the FA Cup, but Liverpool are going for all four this season, after securing one already. Their Carabao Cup win over Chelsea earned them the first domestic trophy of the season, and if they can get the better of City in their upcoming matches, they'll be favourites to secure the treble in England. If Salah can inspire further success this season, there's surely no way that James could leave him out of his combined team in the future. But for now it's Diaz that holds a spot, and his impact could be the difference on Sunday. David James' full combined XI: 4-3-3 - Alisson, Andy Robertson, Ruben Dias, Virgil van Dijk, Kyle Walker, Rodri, Kevin de Bruyne, Bernardo Silva, Phil Foden, Raheem Sterling, Luis Diaz 