It is a fresh headache for Rishi Sunak after uninspiring employment figures and slower growth in the economy. The Chancellor will be under ­pressure to take further measures and ease the impact of sanctions on Russian oil and gas. An unrelated surge in gas prices has seen household bills soar too. Mr Sunak said: “We’re seeing ­rising costs caused by global pressures in our supply chains and energy markets which could be exacerbated further by Russian aggression in Ukraine. “I know this is a worrying time for many families, which is why we are taking action ­to ease the burdens by providing support worth around £22billion in this financial year, including for the most vulnerable through our Household Support fund. “We’re also helping as many people as possible into work – the best way for families to gain economic security in the longer term.” Grant Fitzner, Office for National Statistics chief economist, said: “Broad-based price rises saw annual inflation increase sharply again ­in March. “Amongst the largest increases were petrol costs, with prices mostly collected before the recent cut in fuel duty, and furniture.” He also said there had been steep jumps in restaurant and hotel prices while the cost of many food items rose. Petrol at 160.2p per litre on average in March and diesel at 170.5p were both at record high prices. The cost of clothes and shoes rose by 9.8 percent in the year to March, furniture, household equipment and maintenance jumped 10.3 percent while food and non-alcoholic beverages were up 5.9 percent. The data also show that the price of oils and fats for food increased by 7.2 percent in March alone, adding to a more than 18 percent rise in the past year. Ukraine is the world’s main supplier of sunflower oil and Russia is the second-largest supplier, with global prices hit by the war. March’s inflation figure does not take into account the average 54 percent hike in energy bills that was applied to around 22 million households two weeks ago. The figures were based on the consumer price index, which is generally lower than the retail price indicator that includes mortgage costs. This will not appear in figures until next month, when April’s data is expected to show another jump. Jack Leslie, senior economist at the Resolution Foundation think tank, said: “With ONS data yesterday showing that wages are not keeping pace with rising prices, Britain’s cost-of-living crisis – on track to be the biggest squeeze since the mid-70s – will continue to worsen before it starts to ease at some point next year.” The Bank of England has predicted that inflation could peak at around eight percent this month as the new energy prices are ­factored in. Alpesh Paleja, lead economist at the Confederation of British Industry, warned: “Volatility in global commodity prices and ongoing supply chain disruption will continue to stoke price pressures. “The result will be even higher costs for businesses and a deep squeeze in the cost of living for households.” He called for efforts to make homes and workplaces more energy efficient as a way to keep bills down, something that experts has warned was missing from ­the Government’s energy strategy last week. Pat McFadden, Labour shadow chief secretary to the Treasury, said: “The cost of living is hitting households hard. Not only are energy prices up, the Government is imposing tax rises. And as today’s rising inflation figures show, prices on everyday items are up too. “Labour has a plan to cut energy bills through a one-off windfall tax on oil and gas producer profits. Meanwhile, the Chancellor has increased taxes for working people to their highest levels in 70 years.”