On Monday, Piers Morgan launched his new show Uncensored on TalkTV and he didn't hold back with his views. The former Good Morning Britain presenter discussed why he really left the ITV show, as well as what happened when he clashed with co-star Alex Beresford. He also shared clips from his exclusive interview with Donald Trump, which included what appeared to be, a hot-tempered walkout by the former US President. During the interview, the former President appeared to storm off and asked for the "cameras to be turned off". During Tuesday night's instalment, Piers showed viewers what led to that point and explained how it happened. The former GMB presenter launched into a scathing rant about Trump's aid Taylor Budowich. Piers labelled the communications director "pathetic" for trying to stop the interview and insisted it was him who was behind Trump's foul-mannered exit. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy "How can I not talk about exactly how our incredible interview finally ended?" Morgan began. "After all, this made global headlines because apparently the promo was rigged. "Donald Trump himself issued two statements branding it fake news. "Well, here's what really happened. It is true that I had a lot longer with him than I was promised, it was three times longer, in fact." He continued: "Whenever I've interviewed Trump in the past, you buy as much time as you can, and he stays as long as he wants, that's how the system works." Morgan went on to rage: "His aide was incredibly irritating and incompetent as he tried to stop the interview." The host proceeded to share a clip from the chat where Budowich can be heard pressing Morgan to wrap up the interview. "He just didn't know how to do it so I carried on," the 57-year-old explained. "There's been so much frenzy, speculation and hyperbole about all that, but the truth is, Trump clearly left very irritated." DON'T MISS...Tipping Point fans 'heartbroken' as major error costs player £20k [REACTION]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun's Lee pays tribute co-star after exit  [NEWS] Speaking about why he thought the former President left the interview in an irritable mood, the host continued: "Partly, I think about our confrontation, partly about the famous secret dossier of stuff I've written about him before. "But I think mainly because of his incredibly incompetent Director of Communications or should I say current director of communications." As Morgan shared a screenshot of a tweet posted about him by Budowich, he fumed: "Pathetic, failure...also sure you should be issuing those kinds of statements, Taylor, given your own pathetic and failed attempt to stop this interview from ending. "All I know is because of your ineptitude, your boss, President Trump, wasn't very happy." "And I would say that's more of a problem for your employment status than for me and my show," he added. Morgan admitted they would usually have cut the scene of Trump's aid confronting him but he wanted to show it all in real-time. "This was a 20-minute interview," Trump could be heard shouting before he told Morgan: "It's fine." After they chatted about golf, the interview came to an end and Morgan thanked the former Apprentice host for his time. "That was a great interview," he said before an agitated Trump replied: "Yeah, it was fine." The former President proceeded to sigh and walk off as he raged: "Turn the camera off!" Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV.