Quizzer Anne "The Governess" Hegerty has been replaced for the upcoming outing of the popular general knowledge show Beat the Chasers. Anne joined The Chase on ITV in 2010 and along with her fellow Chasers Mark Labbett, Shaun Wallace, Paul Sinha Jenny Ryan and the new addition Darragh Ennis, she took her place on the panel for the show's spin-off in 2020. However, it has been revealed fans won't be seeing her sitting alongside her co-quizzers this time around. Beat the Chasers sees five of the six brain boxes going head-to-head with a brave individual while game show host Bradley Walsh fires questions at them. Anne has become a household name in the UK with stints on other well-loved shows such as I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! and, more recently, DNA Journey. The 2022 instalment of Beat the Chasers has already been filmed and has someone else sitting in Anne's chair. ITV drafted in an international quiz champion, Issa Schultz, who appears on the Australian version of the show. Read More: Where is Anne Darwin now? What happened to her?  Sadly, The Governess tested positive for COVID-19 before filming and had to be subbed out. Issa has spoken out about filling in for the star and said: "I can't believe I'm here. "[I'm feeling] great, excited and flattered that they asked me. Speaking to Radio Times he revealed he had "dreamt" about appearing on the flagship show here in the UK.  He continued: "I've always dreamed to come on the UK version in some regard when the Aussie one started because as a dual citizen, it's a great opportunity. "So with that in the back of my mind, I was sort of like, 'Yes! At last!' but the circumstances were unfortunate obviously." Still not quite believing his luck, the opportunity presented itself when he received a phone call just a day before the show was meant to start filming. The call came at midnight, and once agreed, he had only seven hours to pack and head to the airport to fly to the UK. DON’T MISS…Lorraine skewers Starmer over calls for Johnson to resign 'What are Labour doing?' [LATEST]Ukraine general forced to sit out war freed 'Shamefully, Germany had him banged up!' [LATEST]Where is John Darwin now? What happened to Canoe Man? [LATEST]   Feeling like "the new kid at school" he continued: "They really needed a helping hand and I'm just delighted that I'm able to assist." Fighting through the nerves, he insisted he had a great time and Bradley made him feel at ease with him stating he knows how to "make someone relaxed". There is no set release date yet, but avid tweeter of the show Anne will surely show support for her smart stand-in. While appearing alongside friend and colleague Shaun "The Dark Destroyer" Wallace on DNA Journey the star opened up about her childhood and living with autism.   She said: "I was quite a troubled child because, in those days, people didn't know how to spot autism. "So nobody could quite work out what it was that was so high maintenance about me." Showing his support for Anne, Shaun paid tribute to her and said: "You know, we all rallied around to support her, and that's the way we are, I suppose. "That the respect we do have for each other, not only as chasers but as friends." The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.