Roo Irvine has become a familiar face to BBC viewers as she often makes appearances as an expert on Antiques Road Trip and Bargain Hunt. In a new interview, the 42-year-old admitted she fell in love with antiques following the tragic death of her father. She explained her father and her partner's father died within three weeks of each other and after living with her mum for six weeks, the couple had to "find their feet again". When asked about how she got into the antique world, Roo admitted: "It's a bit of a strange story. "I've always loved old things because I've always been an old soul and when I was a teenager... I had a very escapist mind that I would always go on flights of fancy so I've always loved history in the past and undiscovered things. "But ironically enough, me and my husband were very much in the corporate world. "So up until about eight years ago, we owned a call centre on the Isle of Man, we were travelling around, we were in marketing sales and we were very much in the rat race." READ MORE: Louis Theroux ex-wife: Star’s ‘marriage of convenience’ in New York The expert continued: "And about eight years ago, both of our fathers passed away within three weeks of each other. "Completely unexpected on my part, the worst day of my life." Following the loss of their parents, Roo admitted she and her partner decided to walk away from the business. She went on to add they were living at her mum's house for the best part of six months.  "We had to find our feet again," she added in the Things I Forgot Were Good For Me podcast. "We'd been with my mum for five... six months and we thought, well, we still have to pay the bills, what do we do? "And we recently became addicted to auctions, and we furnished our big Victorian house from them and we had so much surplus stuff. "I'm just a magpie, my hand is always up in the air at an auction. "And my hubby said, 'Well listen, why don't we start selling some of these on eBay online?'" DON'T MISS...Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' [VIDEO]Louis Theroux ex-wife: Star’s ‘marriage of convenience’ in New York [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [CAST] At that moment, Roo and her husband began their small antique empire. The duo began selling items online and it wasn't long until their opened their own shop. "I was very hesitant," the expert confessed. "We only discovered antiques because we discovered auctions and wanting to furnish a house and that's the first real contact I had with beautiful antiques that were one 200 to 300 years old." In 2015, BBC bosses from Antiques Road Trip got in touch with Roo and asked to visit their shop. After paying a visit to the antique shop, Roo was then invited to become an expert on the show. "To the five minutes of TV time, I guess I'm here five years later," she added. "It is one of those stories where from the darkest day of your life, a whole new adventure starts and it goes to prove what that day has in store for you. "Just when you think you're heading down a path, it will take you down a different one." Bargain Hunt airs weekdays at 12.15pm on BBC One.