In reality, the White Paper is more about the future of broadcasting generally, including the privatisation of Channel 4 and the protection of British content. The White Paper just reiterates what we already know, that there will be a review of the licence fee funding model ahead of the next BBC Charter in 2027. I have no expectation that the death of the licence fee is imminent, despite the obvious wishes of the current Culture Secretary.  Yesterday’s announcement promises that more detailed plans for the BBC funding model will be announced later, and we have already been promised a major “National Debate’ on the subject before any decisions are reached. Nadine Dorries’ future is closely tied to that of the Prime Minister and who knows in the current frantic political climate how long she will remain in post. A future Culture Secretary may have completely different views to her on the future funding for the BBC. In any event, the current licence system will remain in being until at least 2027, well after the date of the next General Election, when there may even be a non-Tory Government in place. The future of the BBC will certainly feature in the next General Election campaign. The priority for Silver Voices is to make the current licence system fairer for the next five years, rather than fall for uncertain promises again. And a vital unfair feature of the current system was the decision by the BBC to scrap free licences for the over 75s two years ago, despite Conservative manifesto promises to retain this benefit. Hundreds of thousands of over 75s are still resisting payment, two years on, and the BBC has been forced to maintain an unofficial enforcement amnesty because of the political flak it would receive if it fined the resisters. What we need for the next five years is a fairer licence system, including restoring the over 75s’ concession, but also recognising that poorer households generally are not in a position to pay the flat-rate £159 fee in the current cost of living crisis. Instead of harvesting cheap headlines about post-2027 possibilities, the Conservatives would be better served by addressing the inequities in the current licence system now. Meeting the BBC to discuss the position of the over 75s, instead of hoping that problem will go away, would be a better election bet for the Tories than yesterday’s White Paper. 