The British legal drama The Split is back for its third season. High-achieving divorce lawyer Hannah Stern (played by Nicola Walker) returned to the BBC along with the rest of the Defoe sisters, and fans were shocked by what unfolded in the first episode of the latest instalment. WARNING: This story contains spoilers First broadcast in 2018, fans have had to wait two years to find out what is going on in the traumatic and debaucherous lives of the Defoe sisters.Season two of the series ended dramatically with Hannah and Nathan's (Stephen Mangan) marriage dancing along the divorce line when her secret affair with her colleague Christie (Barry Atsma) came to light.The new season picked up ten months later, and the couple were still not divorced but attempting to untangle their lives.The biggest twist of the welcome back episode came in the shocking events that unfolded just moments before the end of the show. Read More: Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos now? Youngest Defoe sister Rose (Fiona Button) was still dealing with the miscarriage of her first child in season two, and struggling to get on board with James' (Rudi Dharmalingam) lust for a family.Finally coming around to the idea of having a family, she was unable to get hold of James, and viewers soon found out he was killed in a car accident.The traumatic scene united viewers on social media, with @andycaterer tweeting: "#TheSplit Gosh that was brutal."@lindseyseva added: "No f**k I feel sick #TheSplit #TheSplit" The outpour of shock, grief and disbelief continued to ripple online. @Milly1978 had a feeling something terrible was on the cards and said: "I just knew something bad was going to happen to James. "I thought it was going to be when he rode off and left her at the shop. Heartbreaking. #TheSplit." Emma Knight added: "I didn’t expect the first new episode of The Split to have me in tears already @StephenMangan @NicolaWalkerHQ #TheSplit." DON’T MISS…Dan Walker quits BBC Breakfast as he lands hosting role on Channel 5  [LATEST]Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits: ‘Voyeur in sister’s love life’ [LATEST]Derry Girls writer claims Brexiteers 'didn't know what they were voting for' [LATEST] @bxthanyhope echoed Emma and described: "If that was the first episode, I dread to think of the state I’m going to be in by the end of the series #TheSplit." Like its previous outings, this cycle will be made up of six episodes, and with the first setting such a high bar for the drama, where else can the show go? BAFTA and Emmy Award-winning writer Abi Morgan is behind the gripping show. She is the screenwriter behind hits such as The Hour, Suffragette, Shame, Sex Traffic and The Iron Lady, so viewers can expect to be in for a bumpy ride.   Also, in the episode, senior partner in family law and sister Nina (Annabel Scholey) was finding parenthood with her newborn by ex-boyfriend Rex (Matthew Baynton) a chore. She would much rather spend her time with Tyler (Damien Molony) with whom she is having an affair. Tyler had only recently married Zander (Chukwudi Iwuji), meaning that Nina will surely struggle to keep this affair under wraps as the two potentially spend more time together, Viewers will have to tune in next week to learn how the family can recover from this devastating blow. The Split season airs Mondays, on BBC One at 9pm. 