Paul 'The Sinnerman' Sinha was diagnosed with Parkinson's in 2019, and The Chase star has remained positive about his illness ever since. In 2017, Paul came to the realisation he'd got Parkinson's when he Googled his symptoms in the back of a cab. The quizzer had been suffering from a frozen shoulder for quite some time, which can be a telltale sign of the disease. Parkinson's is a degenerative illness and according to the NHS, the main symptoms are, tremors, slowness of movement and muscle stiffness. In light of Parkinson's Awareness Week, Paul gave an update on his health with the Loose Women panel. During Friday's show, Paul spoke with Kaye Adams about what life has been like since his diagnosis. He went on to admit that the most difficult thing for him, was putting his own shirt on. READ MORE: MAFS Australia: Producers allegedly cut out key scenes from Domenica "I am fine, to be honest with you," Paul began when Kaye asked how he was. "I was diagnosed in 2019 which was a bit of shock to the system having spent two years with a troublesome right shoulder. "But to be perfectly honest with you, Covid has been more part of my life than Parkinson's because Parkinson's is quite a slow process compared to a global pandemic. "So I've had more worries with Covid than Parkinson's because I'm not quite where I was two years ago for sure but I'm still fighting fit." Kaye asked: "What was it like with the shoulder? Was that linked to the Parkinson's?" "Well apparently," he replied before he reassured viewers: "Please don't panic if you've got a frozen shoulder by the way, but apparently a frozen shoulder is a relatively common presentation of Parkinson's disease. "But for a year and a half, I only saw orthopaedics specialists, not neurological specialists." Paul went on to discuss how his illness affects his relationship with his husband, Oliver, and whether he knew something was wrong. "He's a very calm and pragmatic person," Paul said. "If we turned up to our house and it had burnt down, he'd just be like 'well we've got home insurance to sort all this out'. He doesn't panic about things. "But since the medication, everything has become clearer, I did have a relatively textbook presentation." DON'T MISS...The Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik speaks on reuniting with co-star [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames A [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [NEWS] Discussing the challenges he does face day to day, the quizzer said: "Parkinson's Awareness week, what we really want to get out there is that people present in different ways, don't stick with the stereotypes of what we have. "The most difficult thing for me today was actually putting this shirt on. "I had to wake up, find the shirt and then wake Oliver up and say, 'Put the shirt on for me'. "Everything you usually take for granted just takes longer. You can see that I am sitting here with my right hand not moving much, that's its default state. Everything you take for granted just takes longer to do." When asked about what advice he would give to people if they had any concerns, Paul concluded: "In general terms, if you have anything you're worried about, the NHS is still one of the greatest things that we have, and it's there for you. "Go and see your GP, if you're worried about any aspect of your health, go and seek help. Don't sit on the problem like I did for a few months." He went on to add that Parkinson's can present itself in a manner of ways. He explained one of the main symptoms is a tremor, although, at the moment he only has a slight tremor on one of his hands. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.