The 45th US President sat down with the former editor of the Daily Mirror for a lengthy interview as Mr Morgan launched the UK's newest television network TalkTV. During their discussion, which has since been aired on Mr Morgan's TalkTV show Uncensored, Mr Trump told the channel's lead presenter he had “overreacted” when he walked off the set of Good Morning Britain (GMB). Mr Morgan, who co-hosted GMB with Susanna Reid, left ITV's morning show in March 2021 after six years at the helm following an on-set incident in which he locked horns with weather presenter Alex Beresford. The seasoned journalist, who later returned to his GMB desk after 10 minutes off-set, said he did not believe the Duchess of Sussex after she told American presenter Oprah Winfrey she had suicidal thoughts in an explosive interview alongside her husband Prince Harry. Mr Beresford criticised Mr Morgan for “continuing to trash” Ms Markle in a GMB episode which resulted in 41,000 Ofcom complaints. Speaking about the incident, Mr Trump said: “I thought you overreacted by the way.” After Mr Morgan tried to interject, he added: “I mean, the guy was a stiff but you made it about him.” When asked how he would have reacted the 45th President said: “I would have left but I wouldn't have attacked the weatherman. “He wasn't worth it. I would have handled it differently but that's okay.” However, Mr Trump also claimed Mr Morgan was “right to be” angry about the Duke and Duchess of Sussexes' interview with Ms Winfrey. JUST IN: Blinken claims China faces 'reputation risk' over response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine Mr Morgan's interview with the ex-POTUS appeared to land well with Brits after 400,000 people tuned in to watch the combative presenter lock horns with Mr Trump. In comparison, the Telegraph has reported the BBC and Sky's 24-hour rolling news services attracted an average of 135,000 and 90,200 respectively over the same slot. TalkTV's launch also surpassed GB News' in June 2021 when Andrew Neil, who has since left the channel, secured a peak viewership of 336,000 viewers. However, the Sun's former political editor Tom Newton-Dunn was unable to overtake Nigel Farage's viewing figures after his TalkTV show fell 17,300 short of the ex-Brexit Party leader's. Mr Farage has found himself in a slanging match with Mr Morgan after both men have interviewed the former President for their respective TV networks. However, Mr Morgan branded Mr Farage a “treacherous little weasel” and alleged the former UKIP leader had tried to “sabotage” his interview with Mr Trump by handing the ex-POTUS a dossier. Mr Morgan said: “A dossier was sent to Trump by a treacherous little weasel called Nigel working for a little-watched TV network somewhere in the UK in an attempt to sabotage this interview.” READ MORE: Kremlin cuts off gas supplies to Poland and Bulgaria following fall out over rubles The TalkTV host also shared footage of Mr Farage making disparaging comments about Mr Trump, including at an event in which the former MEP said: “I think there are real problems with Trump.” Mr Morgan said in a tweet: “I always like to return a favour. “I’ve been sent video footage of @Nigel_Farage speaking VERY disparagingly about Donald Trump. “I do hope it doesn’t damage their bromance. Posting soon.” Before the pre-recorded interview aired, the 45th President issued two statements which accused Mr Morgan of “unlawfully and deceptively editing his long and tedious interview” in his promo video. Despite the spat between Mr Morgan and Mr Trump, the ex-POTUS told TalkTV people “will be very happy” when asked if he would enter the race for the White House in 2024. He added: “For reasons of campaign finance and everything I’m not allowed to say but let me just say this, I think a lot of people are going to be very happy. “I love our country, our country is going to hell, but I think people are going to be happy.” When asked if he could beat his successor Joe Biden, Mr Trump said: “I believe right now, anybody (could). You could beat him right now. Our country’s a mess.” A recent opinion poll by InsiderAdvantage suggested Mr Trump may yet return to the Oval Office in 2024. It put the 45th President four points ahead of Mr Biden, which could be enough for Mr Trump to flip Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin back into the Republican column. However, he also peddled the false claim the election was rigged and instead suggested he won the “crooked” 2020 ballot by a “tremendous margin”. Mr Morgan, who rejected the claim and said it was a “fair and free election”, was then called a “fool” who “hasn't studied” the unproven allegations of electoral fraud by Mr Trump. Mr Trump, who has recently been holding rallies as a part of his 'Save America' tour, will return to the unofficial campaign trail on Friday in Nebraska before arriving in Pennsylvania on May 6.