Erik ten Hag is reportedly annoyed about claims that he is taking English lessons because his grasp of the language is not good enough to land the Manchester United job. Ten Hag is the frontrunner for the role, but the United hierarchy still have a few concerns about his candidacy and are yet to sign off on his appointment this summer.    United started the recruitment process earlier this year, with football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher leading things. They began with a four-name shortlist: Ajax’s Ten Hag, Paris Saint-Germain’s Mauricio Pochettino, Spain’s Luis Enrique and Sevilla’s Julen Lopetegui. It now appears to be a straight shoot-out between Ten Hag and Pochettino, with a second round of interviews scheduled to take place soon. Both managers are expected to leave their current roles at the end of the season. Pochettino and his staff are due around £17million (€20m) in compensation, even if, as expected, they are sacked, but Ten Hag can walk away for free. The 52-year-old Dutchman has outgrown Ajax, where he has won two league and cup doubles, and is focused on securing the United job. That is why he was irked by a report in the Daily Mail which claimed he was brushing up on his English skills after missing out on the Tottenham job to Nuno Espirito Santo last summer.  JUST IN: Salah will do 'everything' to join Barca as Liverpool issue 'threat' According to The Telegraph, the suggestion that his grasp of English has held him back has caused ‘irritation’ in Ten Hag’s camp. It is a subject he was forced to address in an interview with BT Sport before Ajax’s Champions League game against Benfica earlier this month. “I don’t think it is the issue today,” Ten Hag said. “It is about today’s game and I focus on that, I don’t pay any attention to other subjects. I only focus on Ajax v Benfica. No [not practising English]. That’s not true. We talk English, we talk English in the club because we have a lot of foreign players. In Holland we get well educated in English.”  DON'T MISS Andreas Pereira can help Man Utd beat Arsenal to Cody Gakpo transfer Alex Ferguson's Ronaldo reluctance remains huge problem for Man Utd Man Utd signing Antony would solve Jadon Sancho dilemma for next boss His English isn’t deemed to be a worry by United, but they are mulling over other considerations. The fact Ten Hag has only managed in the Netherlands – and for Ajax, Utrecht and Go Ahead Eagles, and not at a traditional big club – is a concern, despite the fact they have had little success with the likes of Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho previously. Another potential stumbling block for Ten Hag is the fact he is used to working in a different model, under a sporting director. United have Murtough in place as football director, but despite the title, his role is very different to what Ten Hag is used to. 