Emma Willis has candidly spoken about her family home which she shares with husband, Busted star Matt Willis and their three children, as she prepares to host The Great Home Transformation which airs tonight. The Big Brother presenter, 46, lives in a stunning family home in Hertfordshire with her rockstar husband-of-14-years and their children Isabelle, 12, Ace, 10 and Trixie-Grace, five. However, in a new interview, Emma confessed that despite living there for almost a decade, they have yet to decorate the property, branding the situation a "disaster". This evening sees Emma co-host the Channel 4 show alongside TV star Nick Grimshaw. The programme follows the duo as they transform family homes across the country with the help of one life-changing truck. However, speaking in a new interview about featuring on the show, the mother-of-three confessed that she and Matt had yet to put their stamp on their family home. The star revealed they undertook renovations to their new house straight after moving in eight years ago. READ MORE: Victoria Beckham spent eye-watering sum for her dazzling wedding look But the work ended there and Emma, Matt and their brood ended up living in the property without decorating it. She said: "When we moved in, we did some building work to our house and it took about nine months. "And when we'd finished it - the walls were painted white, there was furniture and it was clean - we were just like,"Right, it's liveable. Let's just live in it for a bit." "We still haven't decorated. "I mean, that's a bit of a disaster!" she said to Daily Star Sunday. Emma frequently shares snaps of her stunning abode in view of her 1.8million Instagram followers. Last year, the star shared a sweet snap of her rockstar husband and her dad sitting at her kitchen counter. The pic revealed a sleek, white marble countertop and pristine white cupboard doors behind the duo as well as a chrome fridge. DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp accused of sex assault on Amber 'with bottle', court heard [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan 'struggling' on how Boris Johnson can survive after fine [ANALYSIS]Amanda Owen supported by Matt Baker over 'hard work' update from farm [UPDATE] Another snap of Emma and Matt playing Twister in their kitchen revealed a dark grey stone flooring and a kitchen island which had been painted a fashionable navy hue. The star has also featured pictures of the property's spacious garden. In an adorable picture, Emma's three children can be seen gazing in wonder at the snowy outdoor scene. Additionally, Emma has documented herself enjoying the trampoline which sits in the middle of a large lawn. Despite Emma confessing that she and Matt had yet to decorate the inside of the property, the star shared a snap from the front of her home which she had done up for Christmas. Fairy lights had been draped around the home's entrance which also featured a series of beautifully shaped windows and a double front door. Even though the duo have yet to put their stamp on their home, Emma's Instagram feed reveals plenty of quirky accessories throughout their home. The Great Home Transformation airs tonight at 8pm on Channel 4.