Frank Warren has "not heard a word" from Dillian Whyte over a rematch with Tyson Fury after the Body Snatcher claimed he was beaten "illegally" by the Gypsy King. The WBC and Ring Magazine heavyweight world champion closed the show with a thunderous uppercut in the sixth round that put Whyte on his back. While Whyte beat the count, he was evidently all at see as he stumbled into the ropes, prompting the referee to wave off the contest. Since then, the challenger has declared he was pushed to the ground by Fury following the conclusive punch before 'banging' his head on the canvas. Yet Warren has not heard anything about a rematch from Whyte's camp despite the surprise interview with Sky Sports. The Hall of Fame promoter does not believe there is any substance to the argument... "No, not heard a word from him (Whyte). When I was younger, I was asking to take Julia Roberts out, it never happened. He was gone, he was out on his feet," Warren told talkSPORT. "Better that Tyson pushed him than punched him because he would have never got up. He doesn't have a case. He was beaten, he was solidly beaten." Warren was also upset by Mexican judge Juan Carlos Pelayo's scorecard, who only had Fury 3-2 up at the time of the stoppage. He added: "He [Whyte] never won a round and by the way, it's been overlooked a little, but how the hell did that Mexican judge have Tyson a round behind going into the fourth round? "I've had a pop about judges before and how many times have we had complaints and then we still get incompetence like that again." After the fight, Fury praised the work of referee Mark Lyson, as he could see Whyte was not fit to continue despite beating the count. The Gypsy King said: “I’ve thrown some good punches in my career but it was definitely a Wembley showstopper, wasn’t it? A big right uppercut. I was very happy with Mark Lyson, he did a fantastic job. “If he had allowed it to continue and me to storm into him and hit him with two or three more then he may have been in some serious trouble. "So big shout out to the ref. He made the right call there. I would have had to pile on to him again and hurt him, and I didn’t really want to do that." Fury remains insistent that he has now retired from the sport after his statement victory in front of 94,000 spectators at Wembley Stadium. He is under no illusions that Whyte has what it takes to become a world champion. “Dillian Whyte is a warrior, and I believe he’ll be a world champion – but tonight, he met a warrior," Fury said. "He’s got the heart of a lion, but he’s messing with the best heavyweight on the planet. I think Lennox Lewis would be proud of that right uppercut!”