Jarrod Bowen couldn't help but laugh after he was serenaded by his 'father in law' Danny Dyer for his decisive role in West Ham's memorable 3-0 triumph at Lyon in the Europa League quarter-finals. The former Hull man struck a crucial opener for the Hammers in the first leg at the London Stadium last week and he was on hand to kill the game once and for all in France as David Moyes' side set up a semi-final clash with Eintracht Frankfurt. Craig Dawson had headed West Ham in front before captain Declan Rice steered home an excellent second. Yet England World Cup hopeful Bowen was the man of the moment as he finished brilliantly to all but confirm the Irons' place in the last four. There was no happier man than West Ham fanatic Dyer, whose daughter Dani is the girlfriend of Bowen. Taking to Instagram, the hard-man actor and presenter could not hide his delight as he mocked the lyrics of a song West Ham fans sing about Bowen and Love Island star Dyer. READ MORE: Man City goalkeeper Scott Carson 'offers out' Sime Vrsaljko in new Atletico tunnel clip He wrote: "@jarrodbowen is on fire… and he’s… cuddling me daughter or something. "So proud. What a f****** night. Love to all the West Ham family." Bowen responded with "Hahahahahaaha," plus a series of laughing emojis while Dani wrote "FFS," with similar laughing faces. Dyer recently joked that he loved Bowen more than his daughter, saying: "West Ham are my one true love. I think I love West Ham more than anything else on this planet." On current form, Bowen is certainly strengthening his case to make Gareth Southgate's Three Lions squad for Qatar. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal The 25-year-old has 15 goals and 11 assists in all competitions this season for the Hammers but injury previously wrecked his chances of a call-up in March. Speaking at Parc OL after the 3-0 victory, Bowen claimed this was the best night of his life. He told West Ham's official website: “Ah, it’s the best night of my life, for sure! "As I said before about missing the Sevilla game, when I was there but I wasn’t there if that makes sense, to do it again tonight away from home, seeing the fans, seeing the way we got their crowd rocked, it was unbelievable. “It’s just getting better and better. I wouldn’t have dreamt it eight years ago or whatever it was [when I was playing non-league football]. "It’s just madness. My old man was here and it’s just one hell of a journey.” West Ham now know they are just three games from glory with Rangers and RB Leipzig in the other semi-final. Winning the Europa League would also see the Irons qualify for next season's Champions League for the first time in their history. Moyes' men host their Bundesliga opponents Frankfurt on Thursday, April 28 before the return fixture in Germany on May 5. The Hammers are back in Premier League action this weekend when Burnley visit east London.