Manchester United reportedly snubbed Antonio Conte as their new manager after Cristiano Ronaldo’s reservations about the Italian were fed back to the board. The Red Devils appointed Ralf Rangnick as their interim boss in November after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer had been given his marching orders.  United had started the season in emphatic fashion as they won four of their first five Premier League matches. But they suffered a precipitous downturn in fortunes over the autumn as speculation about Solskjaer’s future intensified. During the Norwegian’s latter days in charge, United were linked with a whole host of top names. And, according to the Manchester Evening News, Ronaldo vetoed Conte as a possible boss. The former Chelsea manager was understood to be interested in taking over at Old Trafford but was ultimately appointed Tottenham boss while Solskjaer was still at the helm in Manchester. Solskjaer was eventually axed almost three weeks after Conte had taken over in north London following an embarrassing 4-1 thumping at the hands of Watford. And Red Devils chiefs decided that Rangnick was the right man to temporarily steer the ship at Old Trafford after scouring the world for a suitable successor to the Norwegian.  READ MORE: Ten Hag’s striker preference explained as Ronaldo wanes for Man Utd  Conte has enjoyed a relatively successful spell at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium and has guided his side to fourth in the Premier League table. On Saturday, the Lilywhites thrashed Aston Villa 4-0 and are now three points ahead of fifth-placed Arsenal as the north London rivals battle it out to secure the final Champions League qualifying spot. Rangnick, meanwhile, has struggled to have the impact he would have liked at Old Trafford and his side now look certain to miss out on a top-four finish after dropping to seventh in the table with just seven games of the season remaining. DON'T MISSMan Utd changed mind on Pochettino despite liking 4 things about himVan der Vaart warns Man Utd players about Ten Hag - ‘Get thrown out'Man Utd ‘to give Ten Hag a record-breaking salary’ as move nears      The German also saw his side exit the FA Cup at the hands of Middlesbrough in the fourth round, before succumbing to Atletico Madrid in the Champions League round of 16. And he has come in for heavy criticism for failing to inspire his side to success. United are on the lookout for a permanent successor to Solskjaer and are widely expected to appoint Erik ten Hag at the end of the campaign. The Dutchman has done a stellar job during a four-and-a-half-year spell in charge of Ajax. But if the 52-year-old does take the helm at Old Trafford, he will have an enormous rebuilding job on his hands if he wants to get United competing for honours once again after nearly a decade in the wilderness. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here