Bravo’s hit yachting reality series Below Deck Sailing Yacht returned to screens for another instalment of drama as the crew and guests cruised through the Ionian Sea. However, the crew were left one team member down this week after Gabby threw the towel in following a heated argument.  Viewers were introduced to Gabriela ‘Gabby’ Barragan when she joined the show in season three as the second stewardess onboard the Parsifal III. While it may seem like a dream job for many, the crew had to cater to affluent and often arrogant guests while dealing with tensions among other crew members. This was the case for Gabby after a feud she had with chef Marcos Spaziani led to a major meltdown. Although many saw the departure coming, other fans were saddened to say goodbye to their favourite crew member. READ MORE: Jane McDonald forced to explain awkward wardrobe mishap This is the second mid charter exit to come from Below Deck Sailing Yacht this season as Tom Pearson was fired for leaving the boat in danger. In Gabby’s case, she had frequently got into spats with stewardess Ashley Marti but, when it came to chef Marco, tensions reached uncomfortable heights. This started when Daisy Kelliher asked the chef about charter guests’ meals and he claimed Gabby didn’t inform him when she had done so. The chef was then giving Gabby the cold shoulder, which led to a drunken argument and Gabby crawled into Gary King’s bed.  She had a number of reasons to be upset as Chief Stew Daisy Kelliher expressed her disappointment in the stewardess. Marti was also being cold to Gabby after telling on her to the Chief. In the latest episode, Gabby had a second argument with the chef after she made fun of his accent. Although she didn’t quit in the moment, the next morning she broke down in tears when talking to Captain Glenn Shephard and explained her decision to quit. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley in shock at Angela Rayner controversy [NEWS]Below Deck's Captain Sandy's cancer diagnosis discovered after crash [INSIGHT]Below Deck Sailing Yacht's Charles Sanders hits back at backlash [INSIGHT] As a result, fans took to Twitter to share their support for Gabby and disappointment at the other crew members. @WychBa wrote: “Gabriela is very smart to leave. Trust me, you will know when it’s time to leave a bad situation if you really listen to yourself. Good luck Gabi.” An upset @ChatterboxKeirn added: “I’m saddened that Gabriela is being made out to be this horrible person when she’s one of the most cooperative crew members on the yacht.” Another fan, operating under the handle @SunandCoffee, stated: “I hate this so much for Gabriela. "And especially that she's taken so much of the burden for what was seemingly a toxic workplace. "But so glad that she chose herself first.”  