Netflix's The Crown has been running for four seasons with the highly anticipated fifth season set to be released in November 2022. The upcoming season will focus on the years of 1997 to the early noughties and a new royal is set to join the show - Kate Middleton. The show is currently on the lookout for an actress to play the future Queen. Speaking on the latest episide of Royally US, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed the new season and the role of the Kate Middleton "lookalike". Ms Garibaldi said: "The Crown is reportedly looking to cast Kate Middleton for their fith season" The season will "reportedly cover the late 90s and early 2000s". It is speculated that The Crown will portray the Duchess in a "minor role". She added the season will depict "the beginning of her romance with William during their time together at the University of St Andrews in Scotland". The news of casting Kate Middleton comes shortly after the show's announcement for Prince William and Prince Harry. She adds: "Things are definitely moving forward on the upcoming season, or the next season of The Crown". READ MORE: What happened to 'just Harry'!? Royal fans left fuming at Meghan's introduction Royally US's co-host Christine adds: "Its interesting because we don't really know when they're going to stop, how it's going to play out or what they're going to cover". She adds: "When they announce like William and Harry and Kate, you can see the timeline that they're building". Ms Ross also discussed who could take on the role of Kate. She said: "I am so interested to see who takes this role" "I think most actresses would just be terrified". Ms Garibaldi said she feels like it could be a"an upcoming actress that we've never heard of before" "I don't think that anybody like, A-List actresses, like a Kristen Stewart or somebody like like". Kristen Stewart portrayed the late Diana, Princess of Wales in the film, Spencer, which was released last year. READ MORE: 'Harry's expression says it all!' Duke and Meghan Markle's body language analysed Speaking recently, royal expert Grant Harrold said Kate would have nothing to worry about should she be portrayed in the final season of the hit Netflix drama. The former butler to Prince Charles, said: “Kate doesn't have much to worry about, her PR and image is perfect. “At the end of the day, it's PR. Prince William and Kate met at the University of St Andrews in 2001 and at the start, they were very low-key about their relationship. They had a brief split in early 2007 but quickly rekindled their relationship and announced their engagement in 2010. They got married in April 2011 and have since welcomed three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis.