During a first-look clip from this Sunday's Antiques Roadshow, BBC expert Eric Knowles was left mesmerised by one guest's unique teaspoon set. It was clear to see that Eric admired the cutlery so much as he knew was it was before he'd even lifted the lid of the box. "I'm not going to pretend because I know what is in this box," the expert began. "And when I open it to reveal it, it's treasure. "When I look at something like this, tea strainer, sugar tongs, spoons, I have to ask you, are you a serious tea drinker?" "I drink Earl Grey," the guest replied as she joked. "Because I am a posh Brummie." "You're a posh Brummie?" Eric repeated before he asked the guest to explain where she got the set from. READ MORE: Kate Bliss children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? The guest explained at the time that she paid £250 for the set, which led Eric to say: "You did really well. "I think if I was asked to buy these today, I would ask £800, possibly £1,000. "It depends where you are doing your buying and where you are doing your selling. "The important thing is you were doing your buying and selling at the right time."   When inspecting the item further, the guest admitted: I don't know much about it to be honest apart from the name." As he pointed to the signature, the expert said: "Liberty & Co Ltd Regent Street, London." The guest went on to add that she'd purchased the set from an auction house. "Wow," the expert said clearly taken aback. "What prompted you to buy it?" DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders ending explained: What happened to Finn Shelby? [CAST]Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert details new role after show exit [INSIGHT]Vera's Aiden Healy star details 'special' moments filming series [NEWS] "I just thought it was beautiful and also the name," the guest continued. Eric told her: "The name is self-evident, you get quality items from that name. "Date-wise, maybe 1910 or thereabouts, maybe a little bit earlier. It's a beautiful enamel set. You've got a strainer, you've got your sugar tongs and you've got these tiny spoons. "The design here, the decoration is very much 17th century in inspiration but the actual execution was taken in the early 20th century."  As the valuation came to an end, Eric praised the guest for finding such a unique item: "Well done, you," "Would you like to buy them?" she went on to ask as Eric replied: "That's very kind of you." Elsewhere in the episode, which was filmed at Aston Hall in Birmingham, the experts valued some other treasured items which included rare trading beads, memorable items from an Aston Villa legend and a collection of climbing gear from one of history’s great mountaineers. Expert Will Farmer also met poet Benjamin Zephaniah, who brought along his own intriguing collection. Antiques Roadshow airs on Sunday at 8pm on BBC One.