The Labour leader was challenged on his hopes of becoming Prime Minister one day by Lorraine after an opinion poll suggested only three percent of Britains believe Sir Keir Starmer will make it into Number 10. Lorraine asked the Labour Leader: "There was a recent YouGov poll wasn't there seen that only 3 percent of people think that you're going to be Prime Minister one day. "Do you think you've got any chance at all?" Sir Keir replied: "Yes, I do. And I don't pretend that it's not tricky. "We lost pretty badly in 2019. But when we lost in 2019, and when I then took over as leader Labour Party, two years just over two years ago, the Labour Party was 27 points behind the Tories in the polls, now we're just ahead and obviously, I don't get carried away with these things."  Lorraine asked: "Did you think you'd be further ahead though with everything that's going on, shouldn't you be absolutely trouncing them?" Sir Keir answered: "No, I think that from where we started to where we've got to is huge progress. "There's more that we need to do," he added. "We need to earn the trust. of people. We need to show what we would do."  Sir Keir also said he expected Boris Johnson to "apologise and then excuse himself" over the partygate fine. He told ITV's Lorraine: "The Prime Minister makes the laws, tells the country to obey the laws, then breaks them and then - in my view - lies to Parliament about it." The Labour leader added: "For millions of people, complying with the rules really, really hurt. This is why it has gone so deep - we've all heard of terrible cases of funerals that people couldn't attend." DON'T MISS Eco-idiots are doing more to save Putin than save the planet [COMMENT]Energy crisis: Plan to replace boilers with heat pumps to cost £115bn [INSIGHT]Tories at risk of losing voters if it weakens net-zero targets [WARNING]  Sir Keir dismissed the argument put forward by some of the Prime Minister's allies that Mr Johnson's punishment was "like a speeding fine". The former director of public prosecutions said: "I have never had anybody break down in front of me because they couldn't drive at 35mph in a 30mph zone. "I have had no end of people in tears - in real bits - about complying with rules that really, really hurt them." There has been a "pathetic display of Tory MPs going out to defend the indefensible" and it is "something they all ought to be ashamed of". 