Students at Stirling University will instead be presented with works by African-American writer Toni Morrison, author of such books as Song of Solomon and Beloved. According to the institution, swapping Austen for Morrison would also “contribute to increased diversity” on the syllabus, according to forms informing management of alterations to course material. But GB News presenter Colin Brazier has slammed the seeming reversal of the battle to include more women in our understanding of British history - labelling the move a 'wokey-cokey'. In the latest attempt to diversify students' understanding, and perhaps critically add a further layer of so-called woke culture, the University says the material will include markedly different themes compared to those in Austen’s novels. Students were told: “The main topics covered will include racial difference and critical race theory, gender and sexuality.” For students taking on the module entitled “Special Authors” in the 2022 academic year, they can also be expected to study “black postmodernism, Gothic, as well as the aesthetics of the contemporary US and African-American novel,” according to the new curriculum. The changes to the course come following a commitment made in the wake of Black Lives Matter protests in 2020, with Stirling University Principle Prof Gerry McCormac saying the institution must “support an anti-racist agenda in higher education.”  Figures such as Winston Churchill, Charles Dickens and Jane Austen have been shunned over questions of slavery and racial opinions. Jane Austen in particular came under fire due to her father’s direct links to the slave trade in his role as a trustee at a sugar plantation in Antigua. Reacting to Austen's exclusion, Colin Brazier tweeted: 'Classic wokey-cokey. In 2017 feminists successfully campaigned to have Jane Austen added to the £10 note. Now, she’s been cancelled by those who want to ‘decolonise the curriculum’. From icon to embarrassment in 5 years.' The English Literature department at the University stated the Special Authors module changes its curriculum on an annual basis.  READ MORE:Parents fury as primary school policy bans staff using the terms ‘Mum’ The reading list for one English module states: “Some of the material in the module includes a discussion of colonialism (including colonial violence towards men and women), enslavement, violence, racism, sexism and issues surrounding representations of gender, class, race, and mental health.” Historical colonialisms are not the only issue to receive a warning in the list of set texts, and another module warns some writings deal with issues of “neocolonialism”, adding: “This is challenging material that deals with inequalities and ‘difference’ in diverse settings.” Stirling University has said its rotating Special Authors course “aims to introduce students to a diverse range of writers, including international voices and those from British literary history”.  DON'T MISS:Macron has 'enabled the return of Marine Le Pen' [REPORT]Putin 'should face war crimes trial' for Ukraine 'genocide' [REVEAL]Starving Ukraine children 'forced to eat pets' [INSIGHT] The move has sparked reactions from commentators on Twitter. Tom Holland said: “I love the idea a British university, by dropping Britain's most significant female novelist in favour of an American one, is somehow decolonising itself.” He added: “Why don't British humanities departments just admit the truth: they're absolutely desperate to become outposts of American university culture?” Replying to Mr Holland, Karper said: “Jane Austen is the quintessential English novelist. If you want to understand England's past, you read Austen. “If she's replaced by an American, for political reasons, it's only because they don't want you to understand England's past.”  Another user, Harris in Tokyo said: “Who did Jane Austen colonise? Sheets of paper? Blaming the SNP, Joanne Henry said: “Jane Austen was a brilliant novelist.“Very clever and witty. “The SNP are ignorant cultural vandals and ought to be ashamed of themselves. “Be assured, the change has come from them and their ideology.” A University of Stirling spokesperson said: “Contrary to erroneous media reports, the University has not withdrawn or replaced – nor do we have plans to withdraw or replace – the teaching of Jane Austen from our curriculum. The English programme covers a wide variety of canonical authors and literary periods - and Austen remains part of our teaching. “By definition, our ‘Special Authors’ module does not permanently focus on one particular author – it changes on a regular basis and Toni Morrison is the novelist currently featured. “As you would expect from a forward-looking university, we routinely refresh our curriculum and are proud that our programmes are broad and inclusive, and enable divergent voices to be featured in our teaching." 