The Everfresh Sprouted Stem Ginger Cake, sold on Amazon as well as other retailers, is being recalled because some packs contain pecans, which are not mentioned on the label. This poses a risk to consumers who have nut allergies. Everfresh Sprouted Stem Ginger Cake Pack size: 350g Batch code: 2833 Best before: October 17, 2022 READ MORE: Woman transforms her looks with permanent make-up The product is sold on Amazon. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) issued a risk statement: "This product contains pecans (nuts), making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to pecans (nuts)." They continued: "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy to pecans (nuts), do not eat it. "Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund. "For more information contact Everfresh at bakery@everfreshnaturalfoods.com or phone 01452 687088." Everfresh Natural Foods instructed customers what to do if they had previously bought the product. The company said: "We are recalling a batch of Everfresh Sprouted Stem Ginger Cake due to the possibility that it may contain NUTS (pecan) which are not mentioned on the label. "This means that it is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to nuts." The company continued: "If you have bought EVERFRESH SPROUTED STEM GINGER CAKE as detailed above, and you have an allergy to NUTS, do not eat it." Everfresh Natural Foods continued: "Check if you have bought the affected batch code and best before date of the EVERFRESH SPROUTED STEM GINGER CAKE. "You can do this by taking a picture of this notice or writing down the batch code best before date for reference at home. "Return the product(s) to the store for a full refund (with or without a receipt)." It concluded: "For more information contact us on bakery@everfreshnaturalfoods.com or 01452 687088." The FSA explained why allergy alerts are given: "Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. "Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. "When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert."