Electric vehicles have long divided opinion in Britain, but with petrol prices rising and the cost of living crisis spiralling out of control, motorists are looking for ways to cut back on their petrol usage and make more environmentally friendly choices. Research by Vanarama has shown that switching to an electric car could save you as much as £3,108 per year. The research has found that by switching to an electric vehicle, the average car owner could save more than £12,000 over the course of four years. Vanarama found that could fund an extra holiday for a family of four each year, or allow a couple to eat out for two additional nights per week. Or, given the current cost of living crisis, it could simply ease the pressure on household bills and food costs. So, exactly how much could switching save you? READ MORE: Drivers can save up to £16,000 on electric vehicles through grants Low emission zones have caused outrage among some city drivers. Cities like London now charge owners of highly polluting vehicles every time they enter the zone, with £12.50 per day being levied on the average polluting car. Vanarama’s research found that EV drivers could save £175 a month through LEZ exemption, which equates to £2,100 per year and £8,400 per average total vehicle ownership of four years. Electric car owners still need to pay to charge their vehicle, but this will work out cheaper than paying for petrol currently. EV owners spend around £72 per month, which equals £858 per year and £3,432 per average total vehicle ownership. Research bases this on the cost of charging an EV (£342 per year), based on the average British driver’s yearly mileage of 7,600 miles. True savings depend on how often you use your car and the consumption of individual petrol cars, but you could save a hefty sum - especially with the rising cost of petrol. DON'T MISS‘Where does it end’: Colchester set to ban cars from high street [REPORT]Plans to cut VAT for electric car chargers rejected - 'Disappointing' [INSIGHT]Clean Air Zones hammering drivers with expensive costs -'out of touch' [EXPLAINER] Owners of electric vehicles are not charged car tax, giving them an additional saving of around £13 per month. Overall, an EV driver could save £150 per year, and £600 per average total vehicle ownership. One of the biggest gripes with electric cars is that it’s widely considered they do not travel as far as a petrol car, even when fully charged. This depends on the electric car you have and the size of the battery, as well as how you drive. Smaller city cars have an average range of 100 to 150 miles on a single charge. Larger, more expensive models can do in excess of 300 miles per charge. However, charging points are becoming more widely accessible for drivers across the UK.