The Post Office and Western Union have today announced an expansion in their partnership which will see a minimum of 4,000 Post Offices across the country cross-border money transfers for the first time. The collaboration aims to attract more people to the Post Office, increasing footfall. The Post Office today announced changes to its branches which will come into effect this autumn. In a few months, customers will be able to go to their local Post Office to use its money transfer services. Previously, those wanting to use these services could only do so online. Then new in-branch service will drive footfall to 4,000 Post Offices while at the same time doubling Western Union’s UK retail network, according to the Post Office. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Easiest’ way to remove mould from washing machine seals Nick Read, Chief Executive of the Post Office, said: “I am delighted to be expanding our partnership with Western Union, allowing customers to choose whether they want to use the money transfer service digitally or prefer to do it face-to-face. “Postmasters are knowledgeable, reliable and can provide that assurance that a transaction has gone through with a printed receipt, which many of our customers still value. “Furthermore, this expanded partnership helps drive footfall into 4,000 of our branches providing postmasters with increased remuneration opportunities.” Devin McGranahan, Western Union President and CEO, also commented. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress [PICTURES]Weight loss: How to burn 3,000 calories without exercising [EXPERT]Lawn care: ‘Easy’ and natural way to get rid of weeds - 'Just 3 steps' [GUIDE] He added: “I am delighted that Western Union, one of the world’s biggest financial networks, and UK Post Office, the UK’s biggest retail network, are expanding our collaboration, aiming to serve our customers better in a transformed post-pandemic environment. “At the same time, today’s announcement shows how we at Western Union continue to see our leadership in retail as critical to our success, and as a critical element of our omni-channel offering. “As we continue to expand our global network, we will seek not only to improve access, but also, importantly, working with our partners to truly transform the retail experience we offer our customers, in the UK and across the world.” The Post office operates the UK’s largest retail network with 11,500 branches across the UK. In many communities it is the only local counter where people can securely and conveniently deposit and withdraw cash. The Post Office offers people, especially those who have only just arrived in the UK, with a one-stop experience where they can access their cash and transfer money overseas to loved ones. At the same time, they can also send letters and parcels to friends and relatives abroad. The money transfer services, available from autumn 2022, will mean that customers can do everything in one place. In other Post Office news, this weekend’s bank holiday means branch opening times will differ. The Post Office has encouraged its customers to check with their local branch for the correct opening times. The bank holiday takes place on Monday, May 2. Most Post Office branches are open until lunchtime on Saturdays and are closed on Sundays.