The survey found that even a majority of Labour supporters backed the Prime Minister's immigration plan. The Government's £120 million scheme will initially focus on single men arriving in the UK on boats and lorries. The asylum seekers will be flown to Rwanda to have their applications processed by the authorities there. If successful in their applications, they would be provided with long-term accommodation in Rwanda and equal access to employment. The Prime Minister said action was needed to stop "vile people smugglers" turning the ocean into a "watery graveyard". And it would appear that a majority of the British public fully agree with Mr Johnson. In a poll carried out by Savanta for the Daily Mail of over 1,000 adults, 47 percent said they were in favour of the idea, while just 26 percent were against. The survey also revealed that 39 percent of those who voted Labour at the last election supported the scheme, with 36 percent against. Most of the respondents believed the scheme would help deter economic migrants, but many expressed concerns over the costs involved. The Home Office's top civil servant, Matthew Rycroft, had questioned whether the the policy represented value for money for tax payers He was said to be worried that it was difficult to model the full financial impact to Treasury coffers, given the scheme had never been attempted before. Labour's Chris Bryant also claimed the scheme would cost more than putting up thousands of migrants at the Ritz hotel. However, a Home Office source said: "The asylum system is costing the taxpayer more than £1.5billion per year – the highest amount in over two decades. "Officials are clear that deterring illegal entry would create significant savings. READ MORE: Boris on the brink as Blue Wall set for knife-edge local election vote "It would be wrong to let a lack of precise modelling delay a policy aimed at reducing illegal migration, saving lives, and breaking the business model of smuggling gangs." Mr Johnson's plans have predictably attracted fierce criticism from its opponents. In a blistering attack, former Home Office Permanent Secretary Sir David Normington described the policy as "morally reprehensible". He told BBC Newsnight: "It's inhumane, it's morally reprehensible, it's probably unlawful and it may well be unworkable." LBC correspondent Matthew Thompson questioned whether people taken to Rwanda would actually stay there in the long term. DON'T MISSExpress letters: Better ways of stopping the migrants [REACTION]Tories facing election wipeout with devastating 800-seat loss [NEWS]Partygate: 'I will set the record straight', pledges Boris [SPOTLIGHT] The former BBC journalist wrote on his Twitter account: "Between 2014 and 2017, Israel is estimated to have deported around 4,000 asylum seekers to Rwanda and Uganda. "Nearly every single one of them left. Many were smuggled back towards Europe, facing capture by militias, Islamic State, and a perilous crossing of the Med. "Commenting on the policy in 2017, the UN Refugee Agency said it was 'concerned that these persons have not found adequate safety or a durable solution to their plight.' "It also said it was only aware of nine people who had stayed in Rwanda. Nine." Last year, 28,526 people are known to have crossed the Channel in small boats, up from 8,404 in 2020.