Laura Hamilton, 39, has spoken up on Twitter about a project she undertook following her split with husband Alex Goward. She uploaded a short clip of her village shop transformation as she bid farewell to the former couple's joint venture Lord Roberts On The Green. The star shared the post with her 63,800 followers. She wrote a short caption explaining the process and the arduous nature of her project. Laura said: “Five years ago I decided to embark upon a journey, to rescue the village shop, become the local postmistress, employ local people and create an asset in the community. “I’m proud of what we achieved & am passing the reigns to the new owner on 20th April 2022!” READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show Snaps in the photo video montage include the shop in its beginning stages and photos of the presenter and her husband together with their two children, Rocco, 7, and Tahlia, 5. Fans were quick to jump on to the post and express their thoughts. @Smico10075 wrote: “Wow what a credit to you and not afraid to get your hands dirty a real inspiration.” Alanwill7956 commented: “Tough times young lady, but sometimes we all need a change and can't just keep plugging along for the sake of it. “Good luck for the future we're only here once.” @Deanbay said: “That's such a lovely transformation done with class and style. Beautiful.” @Sirstevetaylor penned: “You rock Laura fantastic achievement skilfully done. “You have left a wonderful legacy to your community and should be immensely proud. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] “Big shout out to your wonderful team too who all came together to make the dream a reality. Thank you.” Back in January, Laura announced she had split from her husband Alex after 13 years together. She confirmed the news by posting a Dr Zeuss quote. The post read: “Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.” “This isn't something I ever thought I'd be saying. "After 13 years of being together Alex and I have separated,” she wrote alongside the upload. “Our children are and always will be our number one priority and we would respect privacy for our family at this time.” The post was shared on Laura’s Instagram with her 154,000 followers.