Heat pumps can cost anything up to £18,000 to install, which is 12 times the average £1,500 charge for fitting a new gas boiler. Yet Ministers want 600,000 pumps installed every year by 2028. The Government's infrastructure chief Sir John Armitt has already warned of widespread resistance to the plans: "Why would you move to a heat pump at between £5,000 to £15,000 when you can buy or exchange for a new gas boiler for £1,500,” he said. He concluded the only way to make this move work was to FORCE households to make the switch by banning gas boilers. Armitt, chairman of the National Infrastructure Commission, said: “The only way you can make such a significant shift is by saying from a particular date, you won't be able to buy a new gas boiler.” Readers reacted with anger and disbelief at his proposal. Many are sceptical about Prime Minister Boris Johnson's drive to make the UK carbon free by 2050, wondering how ordinary Britons will fund the cost. Reader Polly Ticks said: “New heat pumps? New electric cars? Just where do the government think Joe Public are going to find all the money for this?” Another reader, BBCphobe, was equally scornful, wondering how pensioners could find £10,000 for a heat pump, and highlighting other challenges. “Where is a person in a 20th-floor flat going to put a heat pump? How is someone unemployed going to do this?” Jak1 said: “There's no way we can afford to change our boiler for an air source heat pump. It would cost us in the region of £40k because it's not just replacing the boiler, it's all the other things that need doing as well. Others suggested that any government that forced people to dump their boilers would be destroyed at an election. Reader ever90 advised: “Put that in your manifesto. You'll never be elected.” Ever90 added: “None of these bonkers green ideas have been tested in a vote, just imposed. Impose that one and you'll get riots.” READ MORE: Households ‘cannot afford’ £18,000 heat pumps as energy bills rise The cost will be much greater than people realise, ever90 added: “No-one can afford the £10k for a heat pump, nor the other thousands for ripping up floors and walls to install the bigger pipes required and for redecorating the whole house.” Many pointed out that the UK's carbon emissions account for just one percent of the global total, and heat pumps would make little difference to climate change while costing a fortune. Reader erik said the move was “promoting economic suicide”: “New Chinese coal-fired power stations will obliterate any savings the UK is making in record time." Another sceptic, Skain, said: “Half the country is struggling to heat their homes, if at all, or feed their families. And this out-of-touch Lord pontificates that we should be forced to spend a fortune we haven't got.” Heat pumps extract heat from the outside air or the ground around your home, but installing them is not cheap. DON'T MISS:Britons lose patience with eco-extremists [INSIGHT]Energy crisis: Sunak tipped to scrap £153 green levy 'millstone aro... [ANALYSIS]Households can save up to £303 on utility bills [GUIDE] The Energy Saving Trust estimates a typical air source heat pump will cost around £6,000 to £8,000. A ground source heat pump is even more expensive, costing from £10,000 to £18,000. Last year, Conservative MP Craig Mackinlay warned that heat pumps can actually increase energy use. This could affect a property's Energy Performance Certificate, for example, knocking a C-rated down to D. “That could make it both unrentable and possibly even unsaleable,” he said. Currently, 85 percent of UK homes are heated by gas boilers, with 1.5 million installed each year, more than any country in Europe. By comparison, renewable heating makes up just two percent of UK heating systems, with heat pumps less than one percent. Homeowners also face pay more than £6,000 each to "retrofit" properties to make them more energy efficient. This is part of Johnson's "net zero" climate change pledge, designed to slash emissions from the nation’s 30 million homes. Almost 20 million homeowners across England and Wales may be forced to take drastic action at a time when money is already tight.