Arsenal star Alexandre Lacazette has admitted he is currently in discussions with “lots of clubs” as his future remains uncertain. The Frenchman is out of contract in June and can discuss terms regarding a free transfer, with a return to Lyon on the cards. The 30-year-old is yet to be offered a renewal by Arsenal despite making 25 appearances in the Premier League this season, with sporting director Edu mulling over a 12-month extension. And the striker has conceded he is open to the idea of leaving the Emirates Stadium after five years at the club, telling Canal Plus: “I am in discussions with a lot of clubs. I am open.” Lyon and Atletico Madrid are understood to be the clubs monitoring Lacazette’s situation, with his former club interested in bringing back the player they sold for £52m back in 2017. Atletico have tracked Lacazette since missing out on his signature to the Gunners. READ MORE: Arteta warned Arsenal will go nowhere until he solves major issue However, the La Liga champions could lose out again if reports in France are accurate. The ex-France international has opened up on his relationship with the Ligue 1 outfit, amid reports from L’Equipe that they could swoop to re-sign their academy graduate, and indicated a free transfer may be forthcoming. “I have never cut contact with Lyon since I left,” he added. "I try to return to the club once or twice a year to see the medical staff because we are really close. Lyon knows that I am free, they have come to the information.“ Lacazette has been utilised as Arsenal’s main striker since Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was exiled in December and released from his contract seven weeks later to join Barcelona. He was also installed as captain and has played a leading role in helping the team’s fight for a top-four finish, scoring four goals and registering seven assists. DON'T MISSArsenal’s amazing XI if they somehow sign Ronaldo and two othersArsenal ace Martinelli can be the answer to Arteta's top-four problemsMan Utd and Arsenal face Nunez transfer problem  When asked about whether the club could keep Lacazette, head coach Mikel Arteta was noncommittal about his desire to retain his services — only confirming his future would be resolved at the end of the season. "We have discussed that at the end of the season, when we know where we are, we are going, to make a decision together [on Lacazette's future]," Arteta said in March. “We agreed the decision is to do it in the summer [assess the situation] and that’s when we are going to do it.” Until then, Lacazette is set to play a key role in Arsenal’s run-in for the top four. Having missed the 1-0 defeat to Southampton after he tested positive for Covid, he could make a comeback against Chelsea if he returns a negative result, with the London derby set to take place at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday.