World Bank President David Malpass told the BBC only a few days ago that the world is facing a “human catastrophe”, due to an increasing lack of food. The attempted invasion of Ukraine by Russia is the stated reason. For instance, Ukraine, and by extension Russia, account for more than 70 percent of sunflower oil production. In 2020 Ukraine was the second largest exporter of rapeseed oil after Canada. As the war cut off supplies from the world's biggest exporter of sunflower oil the cost of alternatives rose. Here at home, while our farmers are warning of food shortages, Supermarkets are rationing sunflower oil. Morrisons, Waitrose, Tesco and Iceland are limiting how much can be bought. Tim Lang, Professor of Food Policy at the University of London, said: “We are talking about rationing sunflower oil today, but it could be other products soon”. He added the Russo-Ukrainian conflict is “piling on the agony and reminding us – and the Government – that we cannot assume supermarket shelves will always be full”. Ian Quinn of The Grocer, an industry magazine, said lately that the United Kingdom has “just days left” to tackle oil shortages. War in Europe, out-of-control inflation, unpayable debt loads, food rationing, cooking oil shortages, empty shelves, and Party-gate. This is a real crisis. It has depth, breadth and a multiplicity of dimensions. We stand witness to the absolute unpreparedness of our leaders and our experts. They knew best. They believed in a flat-world, without borders, without nationality, with no sense of attachment to anything other than to nebulous concepts of GDP growth and efficiency. The world, they were sure, would become ever more intertwined, interdependent, and rational (from their detached point of view). World War II style conflicts could never happen again. The World, they assumed, had moved on. So to them, energy, manufacturing and food security were items to outsource, to co-opt, to subcontract. This they did with unbecoming alacrity over decades. It would all be about academic concepts of “competitive advantage” not about “surviving” when the proverbial hits the fan, which it does more often than they, or we, care to admit. As a result, energy production would go to the Middle East and Russia; We in the West, in the meantime, could burnish our Green credentials. Manufacturing would be allocated to China and other slave states; we would just focus on Services. Food security, well, that would go to less civilised places; we would just consume. Now for the first time in decades, we are left with emptying shelves. However, The Grocer suggests that, while there is a shortage of sunflower and rapeseed oil, the United Kingdom, free from its French-designed EU shackles on agricultural products, is free to look for alternatives and seek cooking oil, wherever she needs, from whomever she wants. That, though, requires an intellectual reset from our Government officials and a redrawing of priorities. In a time of crisis, our leaders must take the opportunity to diversify its portfolio of trading partners. New supplies of vegetable oil, cheaper food and other such commodities, would alleviate some, if not all, of the current inflationary pressure many of us feel at the moment. Recent emergency talks to deal with oil shortages called on the Government to relax rules on the use of Palm Oil as a more sustainable and cheaper substitute to sunflower, rapeseed and olive oil. As reported in the Express, Larry Soon, Chairman of the Malaysian Palm Oil Council (MPOC), said that his country stood ready to offer supplies of palm oil to end the crisis. Indeed, 90 percent of palm oil imported into the Europe is Certified Sustainable Palm Oil (CSPO). Palm oil though is still seen as “controversial” due to environmental concerns and deforestation.   But the UK and Europe are ignoring the fact that nearly all imported palm oil from Malaysia is certified as sustainable, meaning there is no damage or impact to primary forest, natural habitats or local communities and cultures. In fact, deforestation in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Papua New Guinea attributed to the development of oil palm plantations has fallen to its lowest level since 2017. Global Canopy, an NGO, has singled out palm oil supply chains as doing a much better job than other industries when it comes to deforestation, with 72 percent of companies in the sector making a commitment to addressing deforestation, which is much higher than competitors in the “pulp and paper (49 percent), soy (40 percent), beef (30 percent) and leather (28 percent)” sectors. As sunflower oil vanishes from supermarket shelves, it’s time to grab with both hands the opportunities that Brexit promised and open news supply avenues in South East Asia, Malaysia and the rich palm oil our Commonwealth Brethren produce. The cost-of-living crisis is hitting most of us in the UK. The stakes could scarcely be higher. The deep irony of our current crop of leaders is that they are wrong on almost everything, most of the time, but still believe, somehow that they are credible. On the issue of food supply and commodities such as cooking oil and palm oil, they stand to lose every ounce of credibility they have left. Here is a great opportunity to prove us wrong. 