The primary benefit payment offered to this group by the DWP is Carer’s Allowance which is offered to those who look after someone with a severe disability or illness for at least 25 hours a week. Recently, Carer’s Allowance payments were raised by 3.1 percent to £69.70 a week in line with the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation from last year. However, one of the country’s leading carer organisations is calling for further support to be introduced as the cost of bills and utilities rise at an exponential rate. Carers UK carried out a survey of 3,300 respondents into how they managed their monthly expenses while continuing their caring responsibilities. Around 46 percent of those polled said that the increases to energy bills are likely to impact their mental or physical health in a negative way. As a result, nearly 60 percent have had to cut back on heating and just under a third of respondents admitted they are worried they will have to use a food bank. Specifically, Carers UK highlighted that unpaid carers face a variety of additional costs which other benefit claimants do not have to consider. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  These include keeping equipment plugged in for the person they are looking after and expensive transportation costs if the person is unable to travel easily. Furthermore, inflation has hit a 30-year high of seven percent as of late which is a far cry from the 3.1 percent hike in Carer’s Allowance provided by the DWP earlier this month. Speaking with the charity, one carer said: “I am anxious & scared of what our living costs will be in the coming months. I’m unable to sleep and worried about surviving.” One man, named Gary, spoke with Carers UK about how he struggles to look after his wife and manage various bill payments. Gary said: “We rely on Universal Credit and we’ve had to use food banks. I’ve noticed our food and energy bills rising sharply. Natasha’s medical condition means that our home must be kept warm. “If it isn’t, she suffers pain in her legs and feet. I’m worried I will have to go back to work if I cannot make ends meet, even though my wife needs a lot of care.” Another carer added: “Mum is bed bound with advanced Parkinson's so she needs the house to be quite warm especially when she is being bed-bathed, etc. but we can't afford to keep the heating turned up high.” Helen Walker, the chief executive of Carers UK, emphasised the plight many unpaid carers are set to face as the cost of living crisis worsens. Ms Walker explained: “Many are dipping into savings, using credit cards, being pushed into debt and cutting back on essentials to keep the person they care for warm and healthy. “They are extremely anxious about how they are going to continue to manage. “Nearly half of carers think the rising energy costs will impact on their health and the health of the person they care for. “Carers are propping up our health and care system at a huge cost to their own personal health, finances and ability to stay in work. “Now the picture is even bleaker, with increasing costs forcing them to cut back on food, on heat, and more than ever are worried that they will be pushed into debt. “There is an urgent need for targeted support for unpaid carers now. Thousands more are being pushed into poverty that will have a lasting impact on their finances and quality of life.” Express.co.uk has reached out to the DWP for comment.