While precise figures are not confirmed, an estimated 80,000 Russian, Ukrainian and Belarusian nationals have fled to Armenia since the invasion of Ukraine began on February 24, according to Armenian news site EVN. The exiles from Russia recall to the Times that they felt unsafe in their country, even receiving threatening phone calls and experiencing visits from the FSB. For many of them, the threats appear to have come due to their opposition to the invasion of Ukraine. Marika Semenenko, 35, interviewed by The Times’ Tom Ball, said of Russia: “We felt that it was no longer safe. “My opposition to the war was very clear and we posted about this on Delai Kulturu’s social media. “One day though we heard that another cultural centre, which had also made a social media post against the war, was visited by the FSB. “My father also received several threatening phone calls. We started to become scared.” Ms Semenenko owned a cultural institute which ran anti-government protests. Another added that it had strained his relationship with his parents, saying: “They tell me I should come home and show my support for the war. “They believe all the propaganda and I feel as though the regime has stolen my parents. I often dream that Putin is killed and Navalny becomes the president. “But I know that this dream is impossible and that Russia will remain a fascist state for many years to come. “I love Moscow — for me it’s the greatest city in the world. I just hate Russia.” While Armenia has not outwardly condemned Putin’s war, Russian exiles are fearful that increasing unrest about it may lead to danger for them. Margolis, 40, said: “I haven’t heard of any cases of anyone being deported to Russia. READ MORE: Russian aircraft filmed 'dancing' to the ground after Ukrainian strike [REVEAL] “But an increasing amount of dissident activity here could start to interest the Russian authorities.” Armenia is one of the few places where Russians can travel using just their domestic passport, and no need for a visa. Indeed, the Armenian government appears to be positioning Armenia specifically as a place of exile for Russian citizens, reducing their corporation and income tax. The ministry for the economy has also set up a channel on Telegram, one of Russia’s few remaining available social media sites, to provide advice for those moving. DON'T MISS: Dad 'stabs burglar to death' after watching him raid home on doorbell [REVEAL]‘Prepare for surges!' WHO chief warns Brits 'be ready' of lockdowns [INSIGHT]Brexit: Major shock as EU imports fall by a quarter [ANALYSIS] Since the start of March, 500 Russian tech companies have set up in Armenia, and now make up a quarter of all the IT companies in the country. Vahan Kerobyan, Armenia’s economy minister, said that the country had been wary of promoting the relocation benefits too heavily, in case it should be perceived negatively by Moscow. He said: “Armenia and Russia are strategic allies, and so for ethical and political reasons we were much less aggressive in our marketing campaign than, say, Turkey, who could do so much more freely without consideration of the diplomatic delicacies.” Armenia has faced multiple protests since the war began calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan, following accusations growing Russian influence in the country and the government’s weak response towards renewed Azerbaijani aggression.