There's new content coming to Freeview from tomorrow but users might not be able to view it until they retune their TV or set-top box. The latest station to join Freeview's growing range of content is TalkTV with programmes set to begin airing from Monday, April 25. You should be able to find this new service on channel 237 but if there's no sign of it on your programme planner then your best bet is to head straight to the settings menu and perform an upgrade. Explaining more in a blog post, Freeview said: "On 25th April 2022 new channel Talk TV is launching on Freeview. "You will need to retune to update your TV and keep your channels and TV Guide up to date." Here's how to retune your Freeview equipment. • Press menu on your box or TV remote control • Select ‘set-up’, ‘installation’, ‘update’ or a similar option. If you’re asked for a password, the default code is ‘1234’ or ‘0000’. • Select ‘first-time installation’ (sometimes called ‘factory reset’, ‘full retune’ or ‘default settings’). • Press ‘OK’ if your equipment asks if it's OK to delete existing channels and then your retune should start automatically. If you’re prompted to, save the channels that are found. Once that's all sorted you'll then be able to watch TalkTV once it goes live with the channel promising "agenda-setting" telly that will feature live chat and debate on all the latest news. One of its big stars Piers Morgan who joins TalkTV after leaving ITV last year. The journalist will host an "Uncensored" show on this channel which will air at 8pm. There will also be content presented by Sharon Osborne. TalkTV is also promising to bring viewers hourly news updates along with entertainment, sports, straight-talking opinions and world-class expert insight on news and current affairs. “Piers Morgan Uncensored at 8pm, will be our flagship prime time show - a fearless forum for lively and intelligent debate, big-name interviews and plenty of fun, fronted by one of the most outspoken and popular figures in international broadcasting," said News UK EVP, President of Broadcasting, Scott Taunton. "Ahead of that, The News Desk with Tom Newton Dunn will provide the news that matters to the UK, in a straight and balanced way. And, following Piers, Sharon Osbourne and a panel of famous faces will debate the issues of the day. It will be must-see TV and everyone in the UK will be able to tune in live or on-demand, either on their television or on any personal device.” TalkTV is not just exclusive to Freeview with the channel also be available on Sky, Virgin Media and Freesat.