Amazon UK customers could soon get another chance to buy the in-demand PS5 console. The last time Amazon opened orders for the PlayStation 5 was back in March 23, with Amazon customers who missed out on that stock drop having to wait weeks for another chance to purchase Sony's new-gen system. And thankfully orders for the PS5 could open up once again this week, with Amazon predicted to be taking orders again for PS5 Disc and PS5 Digital consoles on Wednesday April 20. That's according to the ever reliable @PS5StockAlertUK stock tracker, who said Amazon PS5 stock should become available to buy that day between 8am and 9.30am UK time. In an article online the PS5 restock experts said: "The last time Amazon UK restocked PlayStation 5 Disc Edition and Digital Edition consoles were on March 23, around 08:27 (BST) in the morning. Wednesdays are typically when Amazon prefers to drop PS5 Consoles in the UK based on previous stock drops, though they have dropped on Tuesday mornings before. Our bet remains on Wednesday as it has been the drop day of Amazon’s choice consistently for the last few months. Therefore, we can expect an Amazon UK PS5 restock this Wednesday, April 20th, between 08:00 – 09:30 (BST) in the morning." If you're thinking of purchasing a PS5 Disc or PS5 Digital console from Amazon then there's a few important things you need to know.  The most important thing is with Amazon PS5 restocks Amazon Prime customers get "priority" access. So if you want to be first in line you need to sign up to get an Amazon Prime membership. If you don't already subscribe to the service - which offers speedy Prime delivery, access to the Prime Video service and more - then you can sign up to a free trial today. Once you've done that, you'll also want to add whichever PS5 console you're after to your Amazon Wishlist. That's because with previous Amazon restocks PS5 consoles have shown up as in stock on a Wishlist before appearing as in stock on a product page. Also, with past Amazon restocks people have had issues adding a PS5 to their basket via the console's product page, but they had no difficulties doing this via their Amazon Wishlist. 