Donny van de Beek will reportedly get a 'second chance' at Manchester United upon his return from a loan spell at Everton this season if Erik ten Hag is appointed as manager. Ten Hag has been linked with the upcoming vacancy at Old Trafford ahead of current boss Ralf Rangnick's contract expiry in the summer.  Van de Beek has found game time hard to come by since his move from Ajax in 2020. After signing for £40million, the Dutchman played just 27 league games in a season-and-a-half for the Red Devils. Minutes were limited under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, and although the Norwegian was sacked in late November, playing time was still yet to improve under Rangnick. He was shipped out to Everton on deadline day in January, although he has not set the world alight in his time on Merseyside. With Paul Pogba's contract up in the summer, there are midfield spots up for grabs at the Theatre of Dreams. And The Sun have claimed that Van de Beek will earn a chance to impress under his former boss if Ten Hag does make the switch to Manchester.  BREAKING: Man Utd begin work on Kalvin Phillips transfer as welcoming present for Erik ten Hag  The publication states that their three-year relationship at Ajax has given Ten Hag the knowledge that the Everton loanee can impress. The former Utrecht boss still holds him in high regard. And he suits the style of football that Ten Hag will want to install if he is to be appointed as United manager. Van de Beek is currently injured with a thigh injury, and missed the Toffees' agonising 3-2 loss against Burnley. But Frank Lampard has confirmed he will make his return against Leicester in a week's time, after the Toffees play United at the weekend. “Donny won’t be fit," Lampard said before the loss in Lancashire.  READ MOREErik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new managerThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossMan Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool battle past Benfica  "It’s a small grade thigh injury, which will make him fit for the match against Leicester City. He is ineligible to play against Manchester United at the weekend anyway.” United currently sit seventh in the Premier League, three points behind fourth-placed Tottenham. 