Captain Sandy has helmed the Bravo hit Below Deck: Mediterranean since 2017 and has become a fan-favourite in the access-all-areas luxury yachting show. Sandy Yawn, 57, revealed to Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby on This Morning that a fatal bike accident actually saved her life as it led to medical professionals discovering that the reality TV star had cancer.  Sandy has appeared in 93 episodes of the moreish sailing show and has become a household name on land and at sea. Sitting on the iconic sofa from the popular morning show, Sandy spoke positively about how a motorcycle accident helped change her life for the good. Recounting what happened, Phillip said: "A massive stroke of luck. You would think if you were to have a bike accident, motorbike accident, that would be a major downer. But not for you?" Sandy replied: "No, because I was on my way to the Miami Boat Show doing about 70 mph. Read More: Emmerdale theory: Vanessa Woodfield heartbroken as she discovers Suzy's secret   "And a car pulled in front of me, and I T-boned the car, and as I was flipping in the air, I felt my mother's presence, and I thought 'Oh, I'm going to go to heaven and see my mom'." Fortunately for viewers, Sandy was quick to recover and found the positives in the ordeal. She continued: "Then I landed on the pavement, and I'm like, 'Are you kidding me?' I was grateful I could move. "When they took me to the hospital, they discovered kidney cancer."    Holly chimed in: "Oh my god, and it was stage 2, I think?" Sandy confirmed it was stage two, and Phillip added: "So if you hadn't hit that car, that car hadn't hit you, it wouldn't have been discovered, and life could be very very different." The sea captain smiled and said: "That's right." Sandy is loved for her straight-talking nature and firm hand but occasionally can be seen on the show letting her hair down and enjoying a few drinks with the crew. DON’T MISS…Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles pays tribute to co-star 'She's perfect' [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest in awe as £4 charity shop frame holds valuable abstract painting [LATEST]'Irritates me!' Esther Rantzen: Queen has 'earned right' to have Andrew at her side  [LATEST]   The TV personality keeps her private life away from the cameras as much as she can while on the show, but she often shares a sneak peek of what she gets up to in her downtime on social media. Despite overcoming her struggle and battling cancer, she opened up about losing her brother early this year on Instagram. She ended her appreciation post and said: "He was a gentle soul, so kind and generous. I’m so glad we reunited after many years of not seeing each other and I’m grateful that I got to experience his happiness and joy. I love you brother. God speed and RIP. " Sandy has also given her followers a glimpse into her love life over the last few months by sharing several posts with her life partner. She recently posted an image and heartfelt caption telling her 24,300 Instagram followers just how much she loved her partner Leah Rae. Sandy wrote: "Love is love and I love this woman! When you are ready love will find you as it did for me! #lovequotes #love #loveislove #beyond." Season 7 of the show is expected to premiere sometime during the second quarter of 2022. Below Deck Mediterranean is available on Bravo in the US and is available in the UK on Hayu.