If you have a smart meter installed in your home or have just received your latest energy bill you'll probably be shocked by the sky-high prices you're now paying. Costs have rocketed this month with some homes being hit by record rises that could mean yearly bills hit almost £2,000. With the cost of living set to get even more expensive throughout 2022 now is a good time to make some simple changes around the home which will help shave a few pennies off of the monthly outgoings. One very easy trick that can reduce daily energy consumption is switching some of the settings on your Samsung TV. The Korean technology firm offers a number of Eco features on all of its latest smart tellies which lets you easily adjust the screen to help lower the amount of power it uses throughout the day. On some of its tellies, Samsung offers five screen modes including Low, Medium and High with each reducing the energy usage by differing amounts. For example, switching things to "Low" slightly reduces the screen brightness and is perfect for when watching telly when the light begins to dim. Hit the "High" setting and the display will drop to a much lower brightness with Samsung saying this is ideal when watching telly in a dark room. More flagship models can be set to change the brightness automatically allowing the screen to dim as the sun sets or you pull the curtains shut. Another setting that's worth switching on is "Auto Power Off" as this will turn off the telly after a set amount of time has passed with nobody interacting with it. HOW TO FIND THE ECO MODE ON SAMSUNG TVS • Press Home button on your Remote • From the Home screen, navigate to and select Settings • Select General • Select Eco Solution (here you'll find all of the options to save energy) Clearly, these modes are not going to end your electricity nightmare but small changes like this can shave a few pence off your monthly outgoings and it's well worth switching on if you don't mind the screen appearing a little less bright. A recent report by EcoCostSavings suggests that even leaving a TV on standby can cost as much as £11 per year so anything you can do to reduce consumption will help your monthly outgoings. If you also have a Sky box tucked under your Samsung telly then there's another way to save some power. You might not be aware but buried in the settings of this popular set-top box is a special "Eco" mode. This basically places the device into a digital slumber during the night and helps cut down on the amount of energy it ploughs through whilst you are tucked up in bed. Sky says that once activated, Eco mode will kick in between 2.30am and 5:45am - so unless you're up all night this shouldn't affect your viewing. To check if your box is set to save you some money simply head to Settings > Setup and select Preferences. Here you'll find three different standby modes including the option to switch on Eco.