 Claudia Winkleman, 50, has revealed she finds it difficult when people leave Strictly Come Dancing, particularly the professional dancers who she has worked alongside for many years. It comes after Oti Mabuse announced she is leaving the show this year, prompting Claudia to admit she will “miss her so much”, as the dance contest is very much a family unit.  Speaking on Oti’s departure during her Behind the Fringe tour this week, Claudia said: “I’m sad Oti Mabuse is leaving. “We will miss her so much. I still miss Ian Waite. I don’t like it when people leave. “She will be terribly missed as she is phenomenal.” Despite others leaving, Claudia has no plans to say goodbye to her role as host alongside Tess Daly on the BBC juggernaut - but fans shouldn’t expect to see her on the dancefloor itself anytime soon. READ MORE: Amber Heard was 'not' a victim, claims police officer She added: “I have no music ability at all. When I was small my mum said “We should probably take a photo next to a musical instrument. “I don’t exercise. I don’t move. “It does not make me happy. I don’t believe in it." Oti announced back in February that she was leaving Strictly Come Dancing after seven years as a professional dance partner. Sharing the news on Instagram, she said: “Never easy to say goodbye. I have been part of the most amazing TV show, Strictly Come Dancing for the past seven years and it has been an incredible time. “Lifting the glitterball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and incredible professional dancers! You are my family and I adore you all forever.” Her new BBC radio show, Oti Mabuse’s Dancing Legends, explores the people who have changed the course of dance, including Fred Astaire and Raven Wilkinson. She has said the show was inspired partly by her former dance partner Bill Bailey, who taught her to “go back in time and find the root of the purpose of what you’re doing”. DONT MISS: Rod Stewart proves he’s ‘back to top fitness’ following surgery (PHOTOS)Brenda Edwards dedicates Loose Women backstage clip to 'my baby Jamal'(NEWS)Jim Carter says cast's bond 'won't break' amid Downton future remark(LATEST) Last year, Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two star Ian Waite revealed that he was leaving the show. The dancer-turned-presenter was the second star to quit the Strictly spin-off, following host Zoe Ball's departure announcement. Ian shared his decision to leave the series via his social media page, alongside a selection of photos with Zoe. In a caption, he described his regular choreography role as an "incredible journey" and called the show's fans "wonderful".  Ian wrote: "Wow! What an incredible journey. It is with great sadness but also a lot of pride that after ten years presenting Waite's Warm Up on #ItTakesTwo the sister show to @bbcstrictly I will be putting away my wand to focus on my dance fitness brand Fitsteps and also my up and coming tour with Vincent Simone The Ballroom Boys. “I want to thank all the amazing crew, makeup artists, directors, producers, who made it so enjoyable to come into work. “I feel so grateful to have been given the opportunity to work with Strictly since the first year in 2004 and I will continue to support all my supremely talented fellow pro dancers, judges, and celebs and look forward to their performances in 2021. "This journey would not have been possible without the one and only Zoe Ball who has been the most loyal, loving, caring friend one could wish to have. “I will miss you the most but know that we will still see each other a lot in the future. Lastly thank you to all our wonderful ITT fans you are the best!"(sic)  