The Duchess of Sussex made her first appearance outside the US since 2020 on Friday, joining Prince Harry at the Invictus Games opening ceremony. Meghan wore a white suit to the ceremony at The Hague, in the Netherlands. One accessory the Duchess wore to the the Invictus Games opening was a Cartier Tank Française watch. She wore the watch alongside a striking £3,200 Valentino white suit, white heels and a handbag today. She donned a small gold necklace and bracelet, which dangled near what appeared to be a similar Cartier watch worn by Princess Diana. It is believed Meghan could own two versions of the watch. In 2015, the then-actress revealed she bought a Cartier Tank Française as a celebration over her show Suits landing a third season. She told HELLO! Magazine : "I’ve always coveted the Cartier French Tank watch. "When I found out Suits had been picked up for our third season - which at the time felt like such a milestone - I totally splurged and bought the two-tone version." She had the watch engraved with a special message, reading 'To MM from MM'. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Danger becoming soap opera' William misses Harry However, it is also believed Harry gave Meghan his mum's Cartier Tank Française in the early stages of their relationship. The timepiece was gifted to Diana by her father on her 21st birthday. Princess Diana regularly wore the gold Cartier Tank Française watch for engagements in the 1990s. After Diana died in 1997, the watch belonged to Prince William but it is believed he gave it to Harry around 2009. DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: 'An outrage' Fury over EU funding betrayal 'Factually inaccurate' Andrew Neil brilliantly rips David Lammy apart PICTURED: French warship spotted sailing away from UK harbour Meghan and Harry’s second child, Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor, is named after the Queen and the late Princess of Wales. On February 15, Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank met the baby girl for the first time, also becoming the first royals to meet Lilibet. Meghan also wore the same diamond earrings she had on for her wedding to Harry.