The online bank is boosting its rate for savers by an impressive 2.5 percent from April 28, 2022. Anyone can open a Regular Saver savings account with a deposit from as little as £25. While inflation has not been great for peoples’ savings, one bank has upped its game this week and is offering savers 3.5 percent interest. The first direct Regular Saver will offer up to £126 in interest over 12 months if savers deposit the maximum amount of £300 per month. At the end of a year, they’ll have £3,600 in savings plus around £126 in interest to boot. Not only that, but first direct often wins accolades for great customer service. READ MORE: Universal Credit help: Advance payments to budgeting loans Customers who don’t have a first direct current account can open one and benefit from its £150 switching incentive. To benefit from the cash offer they’ll need to pay in at least £1,000 within three months of opening the account. People will also need to switch using the Current Account Switch Service. The bonus will be paid into the new account 28 days after meeting the criteria for switching. DON'T MISS‘Easy way to make money’ Woman shares simple money making tip [INSIGHT]State pension age alert as number of 100-year-olds set to grow [ALERT]20 ways Britons can save on their energy bills now [UPDATE] At the same time, first direct is also raising rates across its Cash ISA, Bonus Savings Account and Fixed Rate Saver. Chris Pitt, CEO of first direct, said he hoped it would help people during the cost of living crisis. He said: “As inflation and household bills continue to rise, so too does the need for people to make their money go further. “This market-leading rate reflects our commitment to ensuring customers – both new and existing – can squeeze every penny out of their hard-earned pounds.” Meanwhile, savers can earn 33 times more interest by switching their savings accounts according to latest research. Samantha Booysen, from Investec which commissioned the research, said it doesn’t pay for Britons to be loyal to their banks. She said: “Many savers have remained loyal to the same high street provider for many years, which helps explain why they have traditionally accounted for around 60 percent of UK household deposits. “But their loyalty doesn't mean they have a best buy rate on their savings balance.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, some people have made thousands of pounds out of switching bank accounts. Verena, a 32-year-old self confessed ‘serial switcher’ from Lancashire told Express.co.uk how she has accumulated £1025 to date for very little work. She said: "You don't have to switch your main current account if you don't want to. “But keep an eye on your credit score, as opening new accounts does have a temporary impact.”