A new study carried out by RAC showed that it should only take three seconds to move off when traffic lights change to green. Any longer than three seconds is very likely to lead to anger and frustration for those behind waiting, particularly if they’re aged 44 or under. Nearly half of the 2,498 drivers (46 percent) surveyed by the RAC said it should take no more than three seconds to move off when the light changes to green, with a third (35 percent) thinking between four and six seconds is a reasonable time. A relaxed seven percent are prepared for others to take as long as they like to pull away. The figures also showed that the overall level of frustration felt about drivers who are slow to move off when the lights change is evenly split. Some 46 percent of those surveyed said they get annoyed when other motorists take their time, while 54 percent claimed that it does not bother them at all. READ MORE: Drivers could be fined for failing to check their windscreen The RAC added that the younger the driver the more likely they are to be irritated. Additionally, the RAC said it is still the case that most drivers (64 percent) have been left waiting for 10 or more seconds at some point during their life. Men, generally, are more likely to be frustrated by other drivers who are slow to react to lights going green than women (50 percent versus 41 percent). Drivers from Yorkshire and the Humber region are the most impatient in the UK with 55 percent confessing to getting annoyed by “slow coaches” at traffic lights. DON'T MISSDrivers could face huge fines for revving engines in car park [INSIGHT] Drivers could be fined thousands for wearing too baggy jeans [WARNING] Drivers could be caught out on routes with fewest EV chargers [REVEAL] Motorists in Wales are the most accepting with just 34 percent getting annoyed. Statistically speaking, those who get the most annoyed when others are slow are male drivers aged between 17 and 34 with a huge 64 percent saying they get frustrated. Almost a third said they regularly do not manage to get through a set of traffic lights due to drivers in front being too slow to move off - 75 percent said this happens to them occasionally. When questioned about why other drivers are slow to pull away at the lights, 72 percent said some people just do not pay enough attention when waiting for them to change. More than four in 10, however, believe those who do this are inconsiderate as fewer drivers are able to get through before the green lights go red again. A similar proportion blames the lack of awareness on drivers who are checking their handheld phones illegally. RAC spokesman Simon Williams said: “While three seconds is obviously a very short time, anything longer than this can start to seem like an eternity when you desperately want to get through a set of traffic lights and the person in front is taking forever to get going. “When you think that some lights only stay green for 15 seconds, this severely limits the number of vehicles that can get through before red comes up again, and this in turn makes jams – and potentially even air pollution – worse. “The fact this is such a common issue means that too many drivers – for whatever reasons – clearly aren’t paying enough attention to what’s going around them when they’re stationary at traffic lights. “As well as increasing journey times, this could have a road safety implication – particularly when people suddenly realise the lights have changed and then hurriedly pull away without properly checking their mirrors and making sure everything is clear around them. “While our findings back up the old saying about the ‘impatience of youth’ with drivers under 35 being the most likely to get annoyed at those who cause unnecessary delays at traffic lights, it’s also the case that more drivers need to pay attention to the lights and not use the time to daydream or worse to check their handheld phones illegally. “Just being ready to go could save others lots of time at the wheel, not to mention keeping some drivers’ blood pressure down.”