Tottenham are reportedly ready to hire an assistant to the club's managing director of football Fabio Paratici. The Italian chief has been instrumental in Spurs signing the likes of Dejan Kulusevski, Rodrigo Bentancur and Cristian Romero, and now the North Londoners are understood to be keen on acquiring a No.2 in order to aid Paratici with a continued rebuild this summer.   The 49-year-old only joined the Lilywhites last June, ending an 11-year association with Juventus in order to embark on a new challenge in the Premier League. In reward for his efforts so far, and ahead of a busy summer of change at the club, it now appears Tottenham will provide the Italian with a second in command. According to The Sun, Spurs are looking to appoint a No.2 to assist Paratici in his transfer dealings as the club prepare for further arrivals this summer. Paratici played an integral role in Spurs purchasing Kulusevski and Bentancur from former employers Juventus back in January and in Romero's move from Atalanta last summer. Tottenham saw Steve Hitchen quit his scouting and recruitment role back in February to leave Paratici light in terms of support. The arrival of the Italian last June is said to have marginalised Hitchen at the North London club. READ MORE: Carlo Ancelotti compares living in Liverpool to 'a constant pandemic' According to the Telegraph, Antonio Conte's side are keen to sign six players during the upcoming summer transfer window in order to compete in both the Premier League and in Europe, with Champions League qualification still within reach. Tottenham are understood to see a new left-sided centre back as the priority, to play alongside Eric Dier and Romero, whose loan deal will be made permanent for a fee of £42.5million at the end of the season. A right wing-back is another position Spurs are said to be looking to address this summer, with Inter Milan's Denzel Dumfries and Torino duo Gleison Bremer and Wilfried Singo all potential defensive options. With regards to midfield reinforcements, both Leicester’s Youri Tielemans and former favourite Christian Eriksen have been touted. DON'T MISS: Real Madrid to complete Rudiger transfer this week amid Man Utd talkPSG ‘tell Mbappe when he can seal Real Madrid transfer’ in huge twistMan City 'tell Erling Haaland he can join Real Madrid after two years'  It is believed Spurs will face a home-grown balancing act in need of addressing this summer, which could see the likes of Middlesbrough full-back Djed Spence and West Bromwich Albion goalkeeper Sam Johnstone also among the club's list of targets. Tottenham are said to be leading the race for the out-of-contract Johnstone in particular. A summer spend may also go some way to convincing manager Conte to remain at the club's helm. The Italian is understood to be a target for Paris Saint-Germain as speculation continues to surround Conte's future in North London. 