Arsenal chiefs will not sack Mikel Arteta even if the Gunners collapse in a heap in the final weeks of the season, according to reports. The Arsenal board are fully behind the Spaniard and failing to qualify for the Champions League will not have an impact on his future. Arteta's side currently sit fourth in the Premier League table. They are aiming to qualify for Europe's elite club competition for the first time since 2016. But with five games still remaining, qualification is far from being a certainty. North London rivals Tottenham are just two points behind in fifth and face Arsenal at home in May in what will be a hugely pivotal clash. West Ham and Manchester United could still mathematically finish above Arsenal. Even if the unlikely was to happen, and Arsenal ended in seventh, the Independent claims there will be no repercussions over Arteta's future. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel urged to sign the next Didier Drogba and Diego Costa  The club's hierarchy view this campaign as the final season of 'construction' and next term will be the first where Arteta can be properly judged. They are behind the former captain and hope the squad rebuild will be all but complete this summer. The first of Arsenal's five remaining matches this season is away to West Ham on Sunday. David Moyes' side will understandably have their eyes on the second leg of their Europa League semi-final against Eintracht Frankfurt next week, where they trail 2-1 following Thursday's first leg. But Arteta insists the Hammers have shown this season they can perform before and after their European exploits. He said: "They have been doing that all season and they have been really good in both competitions. DON'T MISSTottenham's Eriksen return hopes boosted as midfielder makes 'preference' clear [TRANSFERS]Arsenal handed Gabriel Jesus boost despite Man City forward's form [GOSSIP]Roy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]  "They have a big squad as well, they have many different options to change their players and still maintain their level. So I don’t see that. "We have played games Wednesday night and Saturday at 12.30pm, we have managed to beat them, so I don’t think about that. It is very demanding but you watched yesterday's game and the chances that they created and the chances that they missed it could have been very very different so I don't think it's a performance issue but of course, it is demanding when you play three times a week." Thomas Partey remains sidelined with a thigh injury but Bukayo Saka is set to be fit after limping off in the second half of the win over Manchester United last Saturday.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here