The man first came to the UK in 2006 where he was swiftly returned to Afghanistan. In 2010, the same man had another application for asylum rejected by the UK, and once again saw him sent back to his home country months later. The former Taliban intelligence officer has now returned to the UK and has this time seen his application to remain approved by the Home Office.  According to the Ministry responsible for asylum applications, the man “would face a real risk” of being tortured himself should he be returned. The man has been accused of ordering horrific forms of torture in Afghanistan. Waterboarding, sleep deprivation and whipping have all been used by the man and his 300 staff in order to obtain information from prisoners kept under Taliban control. Reports suggest the man was recruited by the Taliban as a child soldier in the 1990’s. Now aged 42, the man said during his last return home, he was captured and tortured himself by rival groups to the Taliban. He claims this has caused him to suffer from “complex mental health problems.”  The Home Office has stated there is “no question” of him returning to Afghanistan, and has granted the individual permanent leave to remain in the UK under the European Convention on Human Rights. Following the Taliban sweeping to power last year, the Government has agreed to resettle up to 20,000 Afghan refugees from the war-torn country. According to UNHCR statistics, as of mid-2021 there were 135,912 refugees, 83,489 pending asylum cases and 3,968 stateless persons in the UK. The vast majority of refugees,4 out of 5, stay in their region of displacement and consequently are hosted by developing countries.  READ MORE:GB News: Nigel Farage predicts 100,000 migrants The UNHCR also says: “There is no such thing as a bogus asylum-seeker or an illegal asylum-seeker. “As an asylum-seeker, a person has entered into a legal process of refugee status determination. “Everybody has a right to seek asylum in another country. “People who don't qualify for protection as refugees will not receive refugee status and may be deported, but just because someone doesn't receive refugee status doesn't mean they are a bogus asylum-seeker.”  DON'T MISS:Self sufficient Britain! Seven new nuclear plants by 2050 [REPORT]'Sturgeon is drowning' First Minister blasted [REVEAL]Man arrested after shopping naked in Screwfix [INSIGHT] For those arriving in the UK, the majority of asylum-seekers do not have the right to work, and so must rely on state support. Housing is provided, but asylum-seekers cannot choose where it is, and it is often “hard to let” properties council tenants do not want to live in. Cash support is available and is currently set at £39.63 per person, per week, which makes it £5.64 a day for food, sanitation and clothing. Illegal arrivals into the UK have surged over the last two years. In 2021 more than 28,300 migrants crossed the Channel in small boats marking a record year. Around 20,000 more people crossed the dangerous sea between France and England last year compared to 2020. 