Weeding has now been named the most-hated gardening job, according to new research. A survey of 1,000 adults, by gardening gazebo experts at Gazeboshop, found that over half of Britons find gardening has a positive impact on their mental health but that some tasks are more disliked than others. Samantha Richards, marketing manager at Gazeboshop has shared her advice on how to “avoid weed infestations”. She said: “To avoid weed infestations escalating in their garden, the best move for a gardener is to prevent weeds from arriving in the first place. “This can be achieved with water-permeable landscape fabrics, topped with mulch or bark. “Pre-emergent herbicide products which are sprinkled and watered into garden soil are also an effective way to kill weeds since they create a barrier that prevents seeds from germinating.” For gardeners looking to spruce up their gardens, there’s plenty of jobs that can be done now, including weeding. READ MORE: What to do with daffodils after flowering - 5 key steps These are Samantha’s top jobs for May: Weeding is necessary at this time of year because weeds will start to appear more regularly when the weather warms up. If gardeners notice weeds appearing, pulling them is a “cost-effective way” to remove them. Samantha continued: “Hot water also works to kill weeds and their seeds, as well as using mulch over soil and around plants. “Mulch can help to control weeds, both preventing them from growing and killing existing weeds in your garden.”  DON'T MISSGarden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [INSIGHT]‘Indestructible’ garden plants which will ‘thrive’ on their own [UPDATE]‘Does the job’: ‘Effective’ ways to remove weeds from lawns [ANALYSIS]  As the weather warms up, grass grows more frequently which means it needs to be mowed more often. May is also a great time to repair any patches of lawn that have been damaged in the winter months. Samantha suggests that for the first cut, the mowing height should be kept slightly higher than usual to avoid causing any damage. Bare patches in lawns can be re-turfed or lawn seed can be sown. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea May is a good time to start planting things that love the sun like lavender or perennials. May is a great time for these plants to thrive as the ground becomes moist. Planting these during the beginning of the month should ensure they bloom by late summer. Plants can easily dry out at this time of year as the weather warms up. Gardeners should keep an eye on how quickly soil dries out, and water as and when the plant needs it.   Tomatoes can be planted now in either the greenhouse or in a sunny spot in the garden. Samantha explained: “Starting them from seed and introducing them to outside temperature slowly is the best way to go, planting them once they reach 12-15cm tall. “For keen gardeners who have already planted their tomatoes inside, May is a great time to move them outside to a sunny but sheltered spot. “Plant your tomatoes in 30cm pots or borders with plenty of well-rotted garden compost for the best results.”