As high blood pressure can be life-threatening by boosting your risk of a heart attack and a stroke, it’s important to keep your levels in check. However, many struggle with taking the daily pills. Now, an undergoing trial could see your medication swapped by a six-monthly injection, with the trial's lead clinical director saying it could be game-changing. Currently, people with high blood pressure typically take pills once a day to control the condition. But this could soon change if the trial is successful. Dr Manesh Saxena, the lead clinical director for the trial, said: “We need to wait for the results from the ongoing studies but a very similar medication called inclisiran has been very successful in patients with high cholesterol levels. “This study is using a drug called Zilebesiran which will be used in patients to treat their high blood pressure.” READ MORE: Supplements warning: Calcium could increase heart attack risk - take with 'caution'  The new injection would be administered underneath your skin every six months. The doctor continued: “It goes into the liver to block the production of a protein called angiotensinogen, which plays a very important role in driving up blood pressure." “If these studies are successful, we think we will have a game-changer on our hands for efficient blood pressure control,” Dr Saxena told ITV. Around 100 patients in the UK will be trialling this promising treatment, with further 530 people taking part worldwide. This new trial is being led by Queen Mary University of London and Barts Health NHS Trust. Dr Saxena stressed the importance of effective blood pressure management as the condition is considered the “leading cause” for heart attacks and strokes. He said: “But many patients don’t take their medication because of side effects or they see it as a burden on everyday life. “So, if you have a medication, which is long-acting, which doesn’t cause many side effects, it can really help improve patients’ blood pressure control.”