Queen Elizabeth’s brooches are iconic. She will always be seen wearing one at state events, ceremonies and even Zoom calls. Each brooch tells a story about who gave it to her, the jewels that feature in it, the countries they are from, and when the Queen first wore it. The first brooch Queen Elizabeth ever wore as monarch was the Flame-lily brooch. She wore the brooch when she came off the plane at London after news broke that her father, King George VI had died. But what does the brooch represent? Fine jewellery and engagement ring experts at Steven Stone took a close look at the brooch to reveal the estimated value and the heart-warming story behind it. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Pisces is 'especially hurt by deception' in love  A Steven Stone expert told Express.co.uk: “The Flame-lily brooch has an estimated value of £20,000. “This brooch has a heart-warming story, which is probably why it’s one of the Queen’s most frequently worn pieces of jewellery. “It takes the form of a flame lily, the national flower of Zimbabwe. “It was given to Princess Elizabeth as a 21st birthday present by school children of the country in 1947.   “In 1952, as she was set to embark on her Commonwealth tour, she wore the brooch on her return to London from Kenya following the death of her father King George VI. “She also wore it on several other occasions near the time of her father’s death. “Over the years, the brooch has remained a firm favourite, with the Queen wearing it on many grand occasions. “From her Christmas speech in 2011 to Royal Ascot in 2017, it’s clear this piece of jewellery is always close to her heart.”  The Flame-lily brooch is the most commonly associated jewel with the accession to the throne. It is made of diamonds and set in platinum and white gold. It was designed to represent Zimbabwe’s national flower, the flame lily. The piece was designed by Len Bell, a jeweller based in Harare.   It was then made by Eric Kippin for Sidarsky and Son in Johannesburg in 1947. In some of the most iconic images of her reign, photographers captured her on February 7, 1952 wearing the brooch as she walked down the stairs into the UK as monarch for the first time. Most recently, the Queen wore the brooch with a lime green jacket for an appropriately floral occasion. This was for her annual visit to the Chelsea Flower Show in May 2019. 