Manchester United are planning a ‘high transfer offer’ for Barcelona defensive sensation Ronald Araujo, according to reports in Spain. The 23-year-old has flourished into one of the finest young defenders in world football ever since Xavi replaced Ronald Koeman at the Nou Camp helm. Araujo’s rock solid defensive partnership with experienced defender Gerard Pique has helped the Catalans win seven of their last eight La Liga matches. Xavi has already made it abundantly clear that Araujo is one of many young players he wants at the heart of Barcelona’s current development. The likes of Pedri, Gavi, Ansu Fati, and Araujo have taken the Blaugrana by storm in recent seasons, in what the Blaugrana will be hoping is a beautiful sight into the future. However, they could be set to lose one of their young diamonds as Araujo’s contractual situation remains a point of concern. The Uruguayan international’s contract expires in the summer of 2023, meaning the Catalans will only have this summer to extract a fee for his services. If he decides his future is elsewhere. And reports from Spanish outlet Sport understand United are closely monitoring the central defender’s situation at the club. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Barcelona are believed to be very interested in solidifying his future at the Nou Camp. However, further claims from Spain understand Araujo and his representatives have not been happy with the club’s first offers. Sport also understands Barcelona will be going back to the drawing board with the intention of improving on their previous offer. However, the Catalans are believed to be more than aware of United’s interest and would consider an offer for Araujo, if he decides to seek pastures new. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players But while there remains uncertainty, Xavi has already made it clear that he wants Araujo to remain at the core of his defence. “They (Gavi and Araujo) are very important. The club cannot allow either of them to leave,” Xavi said ahead of Barcelona’s upcoming clash against Sevilla. “They are transcendent footballers. I think their renewals are a matter of time. I want to think that the two of them will stay and reach an agreement with the club. I'm optimistic.” Xavi’s previous delight of Araujo’s immense improvement further connotes his admiration off the young defender. “Maybe he is the football is improving more from our arrival over all with the ball – before he had no intention,” the Barca boss said after their 2-1 away victory against Elche. “We require passes, we demand game changers. Without the ball, he is one of the best in the world, with the ball he had to improve and it’s fundamental for him and for the team.”