As millions more people have been plunged into poverty by the cost of living crisis, campaigners are reminding people that £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year. Some 400,000 Britons are thought to be eligible for up to £302 a month in Carer’s Allowance, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has confirmed. One in seven of the workforce in the UK are juggling caring responsibilities with work and saving the UK economy £132billion a year. Despite this, many carers are struggling to make ends meet as inflation hits a 30 year high. People who care for someone for at least 35 hours a week could claim Carer’s Allowance which can add up to £3,624 a year. Nearly half a million people are missing out on this vital financial support because they don’t know they are eligible. READ MORE:  DWP is moving millions of people onto Universal Credit this spring Anyone who helps someone with everyday tasks or getting around the home for 35 hours a week or more is being encouraged to apply for Carer’s Allowance. They can be in work but they will need to be earning no more than £128 a week. In addition, the person they are caring for needs to be claiming certain state benefits for them to qualify. Before applying they should let them know as it may affect their benefits and how much they receive. DON'T MISS:State pension rises £221 a year but cost of living rockets £3,000 [UPDATE]Pension warning: Thousands face tax charges - including NHS staff [WARNING]Santander launches savings account with 2.5% interest rate [ALERT]    These state benefits include:  Carers don’t have to be related, or living with the person they are caring for. While not everyone receives the full amount of Carer’s Allowance, they may end up better off. However, Britons won’t receive more if they care for more than one person. Claims can be backdated for three months.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Anyone who qualifies for Carer’s Allowance will automatically receive National Insurance credits. They could also be entitled to: To apply and find out more Britons are advised to go to Gov.uk. 