The Last Kingdom is on Netflix now and fans were heartbroken to hear the TV series was coming to an end. The Anglo-Saxon drama follows Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon) as he questions his destiny. In the third season he came across the antagonist Skade (Thea Sofie Loch Naess), but she only starred in eight episodes. Skade first appeared as a character in Bernard Cornwell's series of novels, The Saxon Stories. She was the companion of Harald Bloodhair (Ola Rapace) who enticed Uhtred into being her lover. In the TV adaptation, she appeared in season three, having seen a vision of Harald killing King Alfred (David Dawson). Later in the series, Harald abandoned Skade out of fear and she turned her attention to Uhtred. Uhtred ended up killing Skade by drowning her in the river, as she had cursed him. READ MORE: Louis Theroux ex-wife: Star’s ‘marriage of convenience’ in New York Skade's involvement in the series was always going to be short-lived as she was killed off in the original books. Albeit her death is slightly different in Cornwell's novels, as she is stabbed to death by Harald. She was only a minor character in the series, despite being one of the most talked-about amongst fans. She left a huge path of destruction during her limited time on the show. The star still speaks about her involvement to this day, as she celebrated the show's release in Norway in December 2021. On Instagram, she said: "Skade once upon a time forever ago," along with a photo of her character. Fan xjustjasx commented: "I loved your character in the series. I only wish you were still there." Jrwillauer shared: "They killed every woman I liked - Charlie Murphy and you." _nordskov_ said: "I was heartbroken when this character was killed off. I thought she was perfect for Uhtred." Skade's relationship with Uhtred had to end as he was destined to fall in love with someone unexpected. DON'T MISS... Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' [VIDEO] The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth pays tribute to co-stars [DISCUSSION] The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon on plots show didn’t address [INSIGHT] By the end of the series, he was in a secret relationship with Aethelflaed (Millie Brady) of Mercia. The pair had known each other since Aethelflaed was a child and there was always a unique connection. As their romance came to a tragic end, Aethelflaed died in Uhtred's arms having battled with cancer. Back in 2019, actress Loch Naess spoke to VTV about how she had been acting since she was eight years old. She opened up about receiving advice on "trying not to give a f**k" about what people say. She said: "As an actor, you are in a constant position of being evaluated or judged. "And you go around thinking 'Do they like me? Do they want me? Do they think I am worth their money?' "So try to like, don't give a f**k but it's really hard." The character received some backlash from fans as she was worlds apart from how they perceived her in the books. Despite this, she remained a fan-favourite with many viewers mourning her death.  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now.