Kate, 40, and Prince William, 39, took their two eldest children to Prince Philip’s memorial this week. Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, six, joined their parents and other royals for the service to remember the Duke of Edinburgh, who died last year aged 99. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s attendance at the event for the Queen’s husband was already confirmed. However, it was not known beforehand that they would also bring their children along for the sombre occasion. The children’s younger brother, Prince Louis, three, did not attend the service at Westminster Abbey. Kate has been open in the past about life with her young family and what it is like raising children. In February, the Duchess joked that she was “broody” as she met babies in Copenhagen during a two-day visit to learn more about early year’s development of children. Kate has also opened up about suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum, which can cause vomiting, during her pregnancies. JUST IN: 'Utter class' Kate sparks praise from royal fans as clip shows Duchess curtsy to Queen Royal biographer Penny Junor described the condition as “debilitating” as she discussed Kate’s pregnancies during the 2018 Netflix documentary ‘The Royal Wives of Windsor’. She said: “Kate has suffered very severely from morning sickness that is totally debilitating.” For most women, sickness during pregnancy stops or improves by around weeks 16 to 20, but for some it can continue for longer. Some pregnant women can experience intense nausea and vomiting, which may be several times a day. The severe morning sickness is known as hyperemesis gravidarum and can require hospital treatment. The exact figures are not known, but the condition is thought to affect around 1 to 3 in every 100 women. Kate has suffered the sickness during her pregnancies with George, Charlotte and Louis. Kensington Palace released a statement in 2017 about Kate experiencing the condition while she was pregnant with her youngest. It read: “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are very pleased to announce that the Duchess of Cambridge is expecting their third child. “The Queen and members of both families are delighted with the news. As with her previous two pregnancies, The Duchess is suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry may attend Brooklyn Beckham's wedding just days after missing memorial [LATEST]Prince Harry was accused of 'playing a game with royals' before bombshell memoir released [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should the public decide if royals get to keep their titles? [ANALYSIS] “Her Royal Highness will no longer carry out her planned engagement at the Hornsey Road Children's Centre in London today. “The Duchess is being cared for at Kensington Palace.” Kate addressed the condition herself while speaking on Giovanna Fletcher’s ‘Happy Mum, Happy Baby’ podcast in February 2020. The Duchess explained how hypnobirthing techniques such as meditation had helped her cope with the sickness. She said: “I saw the power of it really, the meditation and the deep breathing and things like that, that they teach you in hypnobirthing, when I was really sick. “I realised that this was something I could take control of, I suppose, during labour. It was hugely powerful.” ‘The Royal Wives of Windsor’ is available to stream on Netflix.