Liverpool target Aurelien Tchouameni has previously admitted to being ‘flattered’ when Spanish media linked him with a move to Real Madrid. The promising France international’s form with Monaco has caught the attention of Europe’s biggest clubs and he could move to the Premier League in the summer. Chelsea were strongly linked with Tchouameni last year with Thomas Tuchel keen to improve his midfield. The Blues instead signed Saul Niguez on loan from Atletico Madrid, but the Spaniard has made only eight times in the top-flight. Tuchel could go back in for the 22-year-old at the end of the season but will face a hotly contested battle for the midfielder’s signature. Liverpool and La Liga giants Madrid have been linked with the player. According to French outlet Foot Mercato, title-chasing Liverpool have been in discussions with Tchouameni’s representatives over a possible summer transfer. Reds boss Jurgen Klopp is likely to want a new midfielder in the summer after upgrading his defence and attack in the last two windows. READ MORE: Carlo Ancelotti compares living in Liverpool to 'a constant pandemic' However, Tchouameni has previously welcomed reported interest from Madrid. The former Bordeaux starlet excelled for France in their Nations League victory over Spain last October and the Spanish media soon claimed that he had been watched by Los Blancos. Tchouameni told French newspaper L’Equipe: "I remember I was in Paris, after the Nations League. I woke up and my phone had blown up. "My father called me, we talked about everything and he told me that I was on the front page of Marca. I went on Twitter and saw for myself. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan names trio Arsenal should sign to 'compete' againAntonio Conte makes PSG demand to combat hatred of 'Instagram players'Tottenham chief Levy 'irritated' by Conte rumours before season finale "I told him it was cool, but what does it actually matter? It doesn't. The front page of Marca will not define me or allow me to perform well in matches. It's not real life, but it is the media world, the football business. They talk about me today but tomorrow, they'll be talking about another. "In the dressing room, they put the cover up and laughed: 'Oh, you're leaving us already?'. It's flattering, but I don't wake up in the morning thinking about it." Tchouameni has played 47 times across all competitions this season, taking his total appearances for Monaco to 92. He joined them from French rivals Bordeaux in a £16million deal in 2020, and his current club are primed to make a huge profit if they sell him.  After featuring alongside Tchouameni in that Nations League victory, Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba said: “[He’s] very, very good. He’s not a boy, he’s a man. It’s a pleasure to play next to him. “He brings a lot of energy. A lot of energy, extraordinary technical and physical quality. We wish him to play a lot more games and that I am always by his side.”