Baroness Anne McIntosh, a member of the House of Lords, has asked that electric scooter and cycling offences “be made clearer” so the police can “do their job” properly. The request was made following the tragic death of Kim Briggs, who was killed by a cyclist guilty of “furious driving”. Baroness McIntosh has been working closely with Kim’s husband, Matt, who has been campaigning to increase maximum sentences for deaths caused by bikes and scooters, to make changes to the Highway Code.   Speaking to LBC, Baroness McIntosh said: “What we did hear yesterday from the minister, Baroness Vere, is that there is an offence for cycling, or driving an e-scooter or bike, while using a mobile phone. “But we’re asking that this be made clearer to give the police the tools to do their job. “I think everyone is wanting to see a degree of regulation and we have now had two changes in two months to the highway code, but we have not addressed the issues of e-scooters and e-bikes.” The Baroness then described a situation recently in which she witnessed a cyclist flagrantly break the rules twice before cycling away as if nothing was wrong. She said: “I was halfway over a crossing when I saw this guy coming towards me on the wrong side of the road, facing oncoming traffic, one hand on his bicycle and one hand on his hand-held phone. “He then crossed the pedestrian crossing having let me pass and mounted the pavement, so, in fact, he was committing two offences. “What we’re asking for in the law is a degree of clarity on what the rules are and also to ensure that the Metropolitan police have the tools to do their job. “We just feel very let down, the public is being very let down by the way e-scooters, e-bikes, and bicycles can have fatal consequences.” READ MORE: Young e-scooter riders putting road users at risk as drivers warned [REPORT] The transport minister Grant Shapps announced at the start of this year that he intends to introduce rules that increase the maximum penalty for cyclists who cause death by “dangerous cycling.” The move came three years after an independent report commissioned by the Department for Transport recommended the introduction of such an offence. It followed the death of Kim Briggs in 2016, who was left with irreparable damage to her brain that killed her within a week. The perpetrator who hit her, Charlie Alliston, who was 19 at the time of the incident, was jailed for 18 months under the 1861 Offences Against the Person – the maximum sentence being two years. DON'T MISS: New driving law change misses crucial feature [INSIGHT] 'Smart' e-scooters to be launched in the UK can automatically stop [REVEAL] 74-year-old rides e-scooter, dies after crashing on two parked cars [REPORT] But Cycling UK, which is believed to have strong ties with the Government as they continue to encourage cycling over driving, accused Shapps of “sticking a plaster on a broken system”. Having spent several years campaigning for tighter rules, Matt Briggs accused the Government of being “fearful” of the cycling lobbyists. He said last year: “My concern is that the cycling lobby is too close to the government and ministers are immensely fearful of this cycling lobby.” The promotion of low traffic neighbourhoods has also caused concern that the number of people using bikes and e-scooters irresponsibly will increase while the laws surrounding dangerous driving remain nearly two centuries old. 