Peter Kay, 48, had not performed a show since cancelling his huge 14 months stand-up tour in 2017. Fans have taken to social media to share their happiness as Peter took to the stage on Good Friday as he performed his first Dance for Life show. In a video from his show at Manchester Central Convention Complex, the star could be seen wearing an 80s inspired outfit. This included a multi coloured headband, a print jacket and gold joggers. Many social media users took to Twitter to share their excitement over Peter's new tour. Jimneill11 said: "Brilliant news. Humour in very short supply. Great news." READ MORE: Amber and Johnny's counsellor says she 'would strike him to keep him' TOMolloyMEN added: "Amazing to see Peter Kay up on stage having such a great time and seeing so many people on the dance floor enjoying themselves." DianneBorune commented: "Absolutely loving the outfits and great to see Peter Kay back in Manchester." His Dance For Life tour will be donating its profits to Cancer Research UK. The event credits itself as "the dance-a-thon party that will change lives". It will feature singing and dancing performances from Peter, with further scheduled performances in London and Liverpool. Fan shots showed Peter on the DJ decks last night as clips of the Channel 4 sitcom, Max & Paddy's Road to Nowhere played in the background. He then joined a host of dancers while showing off his own moves and clapping. Peter has not performed a show since he cancelled his huge stand-up tour in 2017, citing "unforeseen family circumstances". DON'T MISS... George Alagiah leaves fans tearful at BBC return amid cancer battle [HEALTH] Ulrika Jonsson slams 'tasteless' Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola wedding [OPINION] Demi Rose sets temperatures soaring in eye-popping skimpy bikini [PICS] He released a statement in December 2017 that read: "Due to unforeseen family circumstances, I deeply regret that I am having to cancel all of my upcoming work projects. "This unfortunately includes my upcoming standup tour, Dance for Life shows and any outstanding live work commitments. "My sincerest apologies. This decision has not been taken lightly and I'm sure you'll understand my family must always come first." Last month the comedian joined Instagram to promote his upcoming tour. A pair of tweets from Peter's official Twitter account shared a link to his new Instagram account, reading: "Peter is now on Instagram please give him a follow on his new official account". The new Instagram account only has two photos, a shot of Peter and a poster for his tour, Peter Kay's Dance for Life. The caption read: "Extra tickets just released for Peter Kay's Dance for Life in Manchester and Liverpool."