Friday night's EuroMillions jackpot has reached £103 million, a prize which could see you buy your dream home, take that once in a lifetime holiday or upgrade your car. With the Millionaire Maker to boot, more than one winner could see their life changed tonight. Each Tuesday and Friday the National Lottery's EuroMillions draw gives ticket holders across several countries the chance to win life-changing amounts of money. The chance to buy a ticket ends at 7.30pm on the night of the draw, with tickets costing £2.50 per play. To win the jackpot, your ticket needs to match all seven numbers drawn - the five main numbers and two Lucky Stars. Each ticket is also printed with a Millionaire Maker's code, making the winner an instant millionaire. Read More: Brexiteer dismantles Remoaner outside Commons in brilliant swipe The results of tonight's draw will be revealed at 8.45pm - so keep your eyes peeled. Also drawn tonight is the Thunderball, which gives ticket holders the chance to win £500,000. You need to match the five main numbers plus the Thunderball to bag the jackpot. The Thunderball results will be drawn slightly earlier at 8pm - so refresh this page for updates. The EuroMillions results are in! Tonight's winning numbers are 6, 11, 21, 35, 36. The Lucky Stars are 1 and 9. Millionaire Maker Selection - one UK millionaire has been created: MDGG77588. Tonight's Thunderball results are in. The winning numbers are 7, 8, 17, 24, 32 and the Thunderball is 11. Good luck! DON'T MISSAvoid keeping milk in door compartment of fridge to save hundreds [EXPLAINED]Woman transforms her looks with permanent make-up [PICTURES]'Won't notice the temperature difference': Save £80 on your heating [ANALYSIS] If you have won a prize in either the EuroMillions or Thunderball, there are a number of ways to check. These depend on how you bought your ticket. If you bought your ticket in-store, you can use the National Lottery app to scan it and check the results. But if you used the website or app to buy your ticket, you should get an email informing you that you've won a prize. You'll then have to log onto the website or app and check your ticket via the 'My Account' then 'My Games' section. You'll be able to click on the game in question to see how much you've won.