After taking on the unique experiment that is Netflix’s The Ultimatum, Rae Williams and Zay Wilson decided to call time on their romance once and for all. With Rae striking up a bond with fellow participant Jake Cunningham and the former loved-up pair becoming embroiled in a physical altercation towards the end of their stint on the show, Rae and Zay’s relationship was left in tatters. So when Rae decided to confront Zay about his behaviour in the reunion - in particular, his own stint living with Shanique Imari - fireworks began to fly. As part of The Ultimatum, Rae and Jake had decided to take on a trial marriage while Zay partnered with Shanique to see if their feelings for their original other halves would stay strong and perhaps wedding bells would be on the cards. But in the reunion, it was revealed that Rae and Zay had separated for good and while Zay hadn’t been dating since, Rae had explored a romance with an unnamed female in the six months since the cameras stopped rolling. There were still unsolved issues to air out, however, as host Nick Lachey and Vanessa Lachey showed the cast an intimate moment between Zay and Shanique. Shanique defended her part in the intimacy and her boyfriend Randall Griffin seemed understanding, but when Rae accosted Zay for failing to tell her about it, Zay ended up storming off the set. READ MORE: The Ultimatum’s Nate sparks fan fury after ‘embarrassing’ proposal “No, Zay did not tell me about that,” Rae said when asked by Nick about the moment. “And on top of Zay not telling me, he constantly accused me of doing stuff like that with Jake when I didn’t.” Tempers began to raise as Rae continued her rant against her ex: “Do you know why there’s not a video of me and Jake in bed like that? It’s because it didn’t f**king happen! “You accused me of getting with Jake multiple times, you flipped out every time I hung out with Shanique since filming ended. “I developed a friendship with Shanique after the show and I thought she and I got pretty close and I never once badgered her or asked her about what you guys did because I didn’t want my friendship with her to be about that.” Rae turned to Shanique to tell her she wasn’t to blame and insisted Zay should’ve told her, before pointing at her ex and shouting: “What I want an apology for is not the fact that you did it, but the fact that you did not tell me about it! “And you accused me of doing that with Jake and you were very rude in the way you accused me of doing that with Jake because that’s not what it was about,” Rae added before she praised Jake for being the “only guy not to sexualise” her on the show. “I - and…” Zay tried to defend but Rae wasn’t in the mood for listening as she hit back: “I’m p**sed at you! You should’ve told me! And you flipped out every time I spent time with her instead of telling me why!” Zay tried to ask Rae if she wanted to hear his side but Rae hit back: “Don’t attack me! I have a right to be frustrated.” DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth shares peek at new roleThe Ultimatum fans outraged at Netflix over Rae and Zay punch sceneSimone Ashley explains why she won't return to Sex Education “I take full responsibility for what we did, I totally do” Zay protested but Rae was still desperate for an apology as she interjected: “Please, Zay, don’t attack me and don’t deflect - you always deflect! “You always f**king do this, you always deflect! Don’t raise your voice at me, you’re not going to make me back down this time!” The pair then became embroiled in a yelling war as they began to shout over one another, with Rae insisting she was “standing up for myself” and Zay repeating he had taken responsibility. Zay eventually had enough and got to his feet to walk off the set of the reunion, telling co-star Nate to “watch out, fam” as he reached his arm out to stop him. “Let me get a f**king break,” he said as he walked away from the cameras and into his dressing room. At this point, Rae had started crying and said: “You could’ve told me instead of attacking me every time.” Vanessa did her best to comfort Rae and after a cool-off, Zay eventually returned to the sofa. “I’m sorry,” he simply said as he took his seat as silence descended on the studio. The Ultimatum is available to stream on Netflix now.