Real Madrid star Eden Hazard has refused to talk with Arsenal about a potential move to the Emirates Stadium, according to reports. The Belgium international has failed to live up to expectations since joining from Chelsea back in the summer transfer window of 2019. But the Bernabeu is still where he sees his future at the current moment in time. Reports recently suggested Arsenal were keeping tabs on Hazard’s situation, with the forward struggling for form and fitness at the Bernabeu. But Sport France now insist the Belgian has no interest in a summer move to the Emirates. Hazard previously enjoyed a successful stint in the Premier League with Chelsea, moving from Lille in 2012 and spending seven years at Stamford Bridge. Yet his Blues past isn’t behind his thinking. Instead, Hazard wants to stay at Real because he still believes he can be a successful asset for Los Blancos - even if he’s failed to display his best form. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here That’s likely to force Arsenal back to the drawing board, with Mikel Arteta now set to focus on other targets instead. Real want to loan Hazard out so he can enhance his value ahead of a potential sale in the summer of 2023. And Arsenal aren’t the only team being linked with a move for the 31-year-old, who has just 877 minutes under his belt this term. Newcastle are now one of the richest clubs on the planet following their Saudi Arabian takeover earlier in the campaign. And Toon may try and use their financial muscle to lure Hazard to Tyneside this summer as they plan for a brighter future under Eddie Howe. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Chelsea have been tipped to try and bring Hazard back to the club. But they’d likely have to offload one of their attackers first, with Thomas Tuchel having the likes of Callum Hudson-Odoi, Hakim Ziyech and Christian Pulisic at his disposal. Borussia Dortmund are also potential suitors. Yet whether they’d be able to pay Hazard the same wages as Madrid remains to be seen. As for Real, they’re likely to overhaul their attack come the end of the campaign - regardless of Karim Benzema’s stunning form. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Kylian Mbappe is their priority target, with the Paris Saint-Germain striker yet to sign a new contract at the Bernabeu. And Real are also in the race to land Erling Haaland from Dortmund, though Manchester City are strong competitors for that deal. Meanwhile, speaking after Arsenal recently lost to Crystal Palace, Arteta said he needed more reinforcements. And Emmanuel Petit has agreed with that observation, with the former midfielder saying: “Since Mikel Arteta arrived at Arsenal, he's been steady. “He still has a lot to do, but he has done a lot of good things already. “He has found his first XI and now the players appear to be a happy group. “They seem to understand the way Arteta is asking them to play, but after the Crystal Palace game I believe he said he wants seven new signings for next season, and I completely agree with him. “Arsenal are doing everything they are capable of at the moment. With this team Arteta has some quality, but not enough to compete with Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea. “But he cannot perform miracles either.”