Timothy West returns to the BBC tonight (April 24) for another episode of Gentleman Jack. The historical TV drama will see Anne Lister (played by Suranne Jones) throw herself into public life in Halifax. West is part of the main cast and he is not the only actor in his family. Timothy West plays the father of Anne Lister in Gentleman Jack and he has been in the world of film and TV for more than 50 years. The 87-year-old is known for his work on both stage and screen, as both an actor and presenter. He has had spells in various soaps, as well as Shakespeare adaptations and historical dramas. As for his personal life, he is a father of three children. He has a daughter called Juliet with his first wife, Jacqueline Boyer, and two sons with his wife Prunella Scales. READ MORE: Gentleman Jack's Sophie Rundle 'overwhelmed' by season 2 dinner scenes The eldest of his two sons is Samuel West, a theatre and TV actor. His youngest son is Joseph, who has featured alongside his father in Great Canal Journeys. Samuel, 55, is also a theatre director and often appears as a reciter with orchestras. In recent times, he is probably best known for playing Siegfried Farnon in Channel 5's adaptation of All Creatures Great and Small. He was born in 1996 and is also the grandson of actor Lockwood West. Samuel has appeared alongside his parents in various roles on stage and screen. He featured with his mother in Howards End and Stiff Upper Lips. As for his father, they performed on stage together in A Number and Henry IV. Fans of the family may be interested to hear they have played the same character at different ages. In the film Iris, they both played Maurice. DON'T MISS... Timothy West 'very proud' of son Samuel West [INTERVIEW] All Creatures Great and Small's Samuel West gives verdict on Siegfried [INSIGHT] Samuel West begs government to drop visa rules for Ukrainians [DISCUSSION] In 1996 they also starred as Archie Bunting in the film Over Here. The star spoke to The Big Issue about the relationship he had with his parents growing up. He said: “They were very busy, and I never blame them for that – they had to go where the work was.” As a result of his experiences as a child, he tries to spend more time with his own children. He added: “I think that lack, that absence, is something I learned more about and had to find peace with before I was able to settle down.” Samuel has two children of his own with partner Laura Wade. His most recent role was as Peter Judd in the TV series, Slow Horses. He will return as Siegfried in season three of All Creatures Great and Small in the near future.  Gentleman Jack airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm.