Up to 15 groups of Britons qualify for help towards medical costs which includes free prescriptions. Those who are exempt include people on low incomes to those who suffer certain medical conditions.  At £9.35 per prescription item, NHS costs can soon add up, however some people could be entitled to help towards this. Britons who suffer from certain medical conditions should also qualify for free prescriptions and be sent a medical exemption certificate. People on certain Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) benefits like Universal Credit should be exempt from paying if they earn less than a certain amount. However, not everyone who receives Universal Credit will qualify. READ MORE: ‘Easy way to make money’ Woman shares simple money making tip Universal Credit claimants who earn less than a certain amount should be entitled to this benefit. People should qualify if they: DON'T MISS‘Easy way to make money’ Woman shares simple money making tip [INSIGHT]State pension age alert as number of 100-year-olds set to grow [ALERT]20 ways Britons can save on their energy bills now [UPDATE]   Britons should also qualify for free prescriptions and help towards dental care if they receive income support, income based Jobseeker’s Allowance, Income related Employment and Support Allowance and Pension Credit. However, nearly one million (850 000) pensioners aren’t taking up Pension Credit despite the fact that millions of pensioners are living in poverty according to Age UK. Even if Pension Credit only tops up someone’s income by a few pounds a week it enables older people to benefit from things like free prescriptions and a free TV licence for the over 75s. Anyone who is struggling financially but doesn’t qualify for benefits should consider investing in a Pre-Payment Certificate (PPC). How much can I save with a Pre-Payment Certificate? A PPC enables people to purchase as many NHS prescriptions as they need throughout the year for £108.10. While this would save an individual a few pounds if they relied on just one prescription per month, it could save them over £100 if they usually need two. Alternatively, they could try out a three month one at £30.25 first. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The health conditions which qualify for a free Medical Exemption Certificate are: