Max Verstappen has hit out at F1’s Aston Martin safety car for being too slow during the Australian Grand Prix. Verstappen claimed the car was “like a turtle” and warned it was creating a safety risk. He said drivers were unable to heat up their tyres properly behind while behind the Aston Martin and urged F1 bosses to investigate. Two safety cars are in use across the season with each alternating between different races. Mercedes introduced a new 730bhp Mercedes-AMG GT Black Series model which was used in the first two races. The Aston Martin was called upon for Australia but only has 528bhp and is around five seconds per lap slower. Verstappen said: ‘There's so little grip and also the safety car was driving so slow, it was like a turtle. Unbelievable. To drive 140 [km/h] on the back straight, there was not a damaged car, so I don't understand why we have to drive so slowly. We have to investigate. READ MORE: Max Verstappen warned 'difficult times are ahead' after Red Bull issue "For sure the Mercedes safety car is faster because of the extra aero, because this Aston Martin is really slow. It definitely needs more grip, because our tyres were stone cold. "It's pretty terrible the way we are driving behind the safety car at the moment." Verstappen was not the only driver to complain about the slow safety car with Charles Leclerc and George Russell also highlighting their worries. Leclerc praised safety car driver Bernd Maylander for trying his best to drive the car as quickly as he could. However, the Monegasque warned he was almost ready to “complain” about how slow the car was going. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton reveals main Mercedes 'goal' as Brit leads Verstappen [INSIGHT]Helmut Marko explains where Red Bull are going wrong [COMMENT]Verstappen was once branded 'not intelligent' after Ferrari jibe [ANALYSIS] Leclerc was almost caught out during the safety car restart, sliding on the exit of the final corner with Verstappen able to move alongside. He said: “I was struggling massively to put some temperature in them, so I also struggled. To be honest, I wanted to complain, but then I checked how much the safety car was sliding in the corner and I don't think there was anything more that he could give so I didn't want to put too much pressure. "For sure with the cars that we have now it's very difficult to keep the temperatures in the tyres behind the safety car.” Russell joked there were no issues with the Mercedes-AMG safety car which he claimed was substantially quicker.