Robert Lewandowski wants to leave Bayern Munich because of four factors, according to reports. The Poland international is a top transfer target for Barcelona. And it’s the La Liga giants who seem to be in pole position to land the 33-year-old, who has scored an incredible 46 goals across all competitions this term. Lewandowski’s current contract with Bayern is due to expire in 2023 and, though the German giants have made it clear they want to keep the veteran, a move away from the Allianz Arena seems to be on the cards. Barcelona are on the prowl, with reports saying they’re planning to offer the 33-year-old the three-year contract he craves. And Catalan newspaper Sport say Lewandowski is looking to leave Bayern with four reasons behind his thinking. The first, is that he feels Bayern haven’t made a big push to keep him. While Oliver Kahn has come out to publicly insist Lewandowski is still wanted in Bavaria, the player himself doesn’t feel his current club are doing enough. Bayern are yet to present him with the three-year contract he craves, despite his stunning form over the years. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And that’s hurt the striker as he looks for the last big deal of his playing career. Secondly, Lewandowski supposedly doesn’t feel ‘comfortable’ playing under Julian Nagelsmann. He’s continued to deliver the goods with unnerving frequency since Nagelsmann took over from Hansi Flick back in the summer. And while he gets on with his manager, it’s the sporting project that he has an issue with. Thirdly, Lewandowski knows Bayern are eyeing an ambitious deal for Erling Haaland. The Norway international is set to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer, with Manchester City and Real Madrid frontrunners. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But Bayern are dark horses and any deal for Haaland would diminish Lewandowski’s chances of regular game time. The fourth reason the 33-year-old wants to depart is because of Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema. Benzema has been in unnerving form this term and Los Blancos have no intention of replacing their skipper. Lewandowski has taken note of Madrid’s stance and wants similar treatment as he enters the twilight years of his career. What ultimately happens remains to be seen. But Barcelona are circling and, if they’re successful in landing the Poland international, will have pulled off a substantial coup. Meanwhile, though Barcelona are frontrunners for Lewandowski, Shaun Wright-Phillips recently implored Chelsea to join the race. However, only if Romelu Lukaku leaves. "[If Lukaku leaves Chelsea this summer], I'd love to see Robert Lewandowski playing in the Premier League,” he said. “He's a phenomenal striker. "No matter what the score is, his name always seems to be on the scoresheet. "At the minute, Chelsea doesn't seem to suit the way Lukaku plays. “It's either Rom needs to change his game up a little bit, or Chelsea has to change their tactics to suit the way he plays. “At the same time, you've got to do what you've got to do. As a professional player, you know what's in front of you. "If you want to be successful, you might have to sometimes change the way you play. “It's hard to tell [if Lukaku will stay] because can any club afford him? He's in a situation where he got bought for a lot of money. "Not a lot of clubs have that sort of money lying around, especially with COVID. “Chelsea will have to move players around, so it depends if that option is even available. He's got to make a decision, and he's got to fight for his career and fight to play. That's what happens at Chelsea."