The owner of the car, which is an Isuzu Trooper, parked his vehicle in his neighbour's front garden over a year ago. He then failed to return to collect it. His neighbour, Chris Shephard, is now fed up with having this eyesore on his lawn.  However, all of Mr Shephard's attempts to contact the rightful owner of the car have hit dead ends. After Mr Shephard's neighbour died last spring, the neighbour's son, who owns the vehicle, promised that he would take the vehicle off the lawn, but then he disappeared without a trace. Speaking to the Swindon Advertiser, Mr Shephard said: "After my neighbour died, they moved the car from the front of that house to outside mine. "I went out for Sunday lunch and it was in the garden when I came back. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton pitlane scare as FIA hit Esteban Ocon with penalty "The son told me they had found a buyer for it. "They said the buyer would pick it up in a few days. "However, no one ever arrived. "I've not heard from the owner since then. DON'T MISS  "Whenever I try to get in touch with him through his relatives, they say they either don't know where he is. "They don't want to know or don't want to talk to me." The Isuzu Trooper is a diesel 4x4 with a 1993/94 registration plate. It has fallen into disrepair over the last 12-plus months. Mr Shephard added: "It's very annoying because it's an ugly sight and it's always in the way. It blocks access to my back garden, I can't put my wheelie bins there anymore, and I can't cut the grass under the car. "I've got scaffolders coming to do work on the house and having that there will be a problem for them. "My old neighbour's family emptied the Trooper of all the tools which were stored inside and locked it up. Now it's just falling apart, the tyres have deflated and the bodywork's rusted. "It would take an awful lot to fix it, which might be why the buyer never went through with the purchase. "I've had several scrap people express an interest in it, but I need the vehicle's documents to let them have it. "The land is council-owned so I've been trying to get the council to move it but nothing's happened so far, which is disappointing." A Swindon Borough Council spokesman spoke to the Swindon Advertiser and said: “We are aware of the car and are actively working with our tenant to get it removed as quickly as possible.”