Meghan Markle has dazzled over the past few days at the Invictus Games, with white being a recurring motif. Last night, the Duchess of Sussex was regal in an elegant shift dress. Meghan wore a white shift dress last night as she attended an evening reception for the Invictus Games. She and her husband mingled with competitors and fans alike. Meghan stole the show in a white shift dress that fell just above the knee, unveiling her slender legs. It was from Valentino and cost £3,600. The dress had long sleeves with a straight cut. READ MORE: Meghan Markle pays tribute to Diana in similar look to late Royal Overall, the piece was very minimalistic and chic. However, it incorporated one eye-catching detail. Across the top of the dress, the material was embroidered with flowers, and this detail spread across the Duchess' shoulders. Meghan accessorised with a statement pair of large black sunglasses. She wore chunky gold earrings. On one wrist she wore a cluster of small pieces of jewellery including a bangle and a beaded bracelet. She carried a simple suede handbag, in black. On her feet she wore suede black ballet flats. The monochrome ensemble was very sophisticated. She pulled it together with a striking red lip. Otherwise, Meghan opted for minimal makeup but boasted a dewy glow. She wore her signature long brown hair parted to one side with her hair falling to one side of her face. It was styled in loose curls. Meghan was pictured with a fan, who posted the photo to Instagram, captioning the snap: "I just met MEGHAN MARKLE!!!" Fans of the Duchess flocked to comment, with @crossingyouinstyle stating: "OMG she’s stunning." Another account, @harry_meghan_daily commented: "Congratulations! You both look gorgeous." But not everyone was a fan of her style and the look left them divided. @TrishG40124623 took to Twitter to ask: "Whaaaat? Good lord she’s just throwing money away on clothes that look like this?" @tammynorth239 seconded this: "I don’t get her clothing decisions. The fit is always terrible. Makes her bust look strange and always makes her look heavy." @MatthewRyerson said: "That dress looks like something my 65-year-old mother would wear to a wedding." @purplevelvet69 retorted: "I'm 63, and wouldn't be seen dead in it."