Lewis Hamilton appears to have been “specifically targeted” by the FIA over a new rules crackdown, according to Sky Sports F1 pundit Ted Kravitz. He warns the new enforcement of F1’s 2005 jewellery ban only appears to affect the Mercedes driver who could face issues on the grid ahead of tomorrow’s race. F1’s jewellery saga started before the weekend began after race director Niels Wittich added a comment about it in his race notes. The message said the wearing of jewellery in the form of body piercing or metal neck chains is “prohibited during the competition and may therefore be checked before the start”. However, Kravitz claims the seven-time champion could be hunted down on the grid to check if he has nose piercings or earrings in moments before he gets in the car. He explained: “We checked with Mick Schumacher who wears, when he’s not in the car, a metal chain necklace and he says he doesn't wear it in the car, so it isn't him. So it did seem to be on the face of it, a measure, or wanting to enforce a rule specifically targeted at Lewis Hamilton who of course has ear piercings and a nose piercing. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton trying new tactic which could hinder Australian GP “I asked the FIA this and they said no absolutely not. We don’t know what’s going to happen with the piercings tomorrow because they said they would check it before the race. “So what are they going to do? Go up to Lewis Hamiton, someone is going to check if he has his nose piercing in or if he has his earrings in. What is this about? Your right the FIA might be saying it’s all about safety. “But come on, have they not got bigger priorities.” Safety is of paramount concern to the FIA after Romain Grosjean’s high-speed fireball at the 2020 Bahrain Grand Prix. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton compares Mercedes car to a 'rattlesnake'  [COMMENT]Lando Norris mocks George Russell with Mercedes star 'annoyed' at F1 [INSIGHT]George Russell moans on team radio at Lewis Hamilton 'going very slow' [ANALYSIS] It is believed there is concern some jewellery could cause further injuries to drivers in accidents. There is also concern that jewellery could become stuck and stop a driver from getting out of a wreckage. Hamilton addressed the jewellery ban directly during Friday’s press conference. He said: “I have got certain piercings that I can’t just take out and that not many people know of. I’m kidding. Since I’ve been here in F1, it’s been the rule, so there’s nothing new. I’m just going to come up with more jewellery next week." Hamilton also joked with main rival Max Verstappen, claiming the reigning champion had a “nipple piercing”.