The Beale family have a huge milestone ahead of them as they begin to face Lucy's (played by Hetti Bywater) eight-year anniversary of her death. In 2014 Lucy's body was discovered on Walford Common, and a murder investigation was launched. It was later revealed that Bobby Beale (Elliot Carrington), then only 10 years old, was her killer after accidentally killing her in a fit of rage. As the family prepare for the day, Rocky (Brian Conley) has been trying to grow closer to Kathy (Gillian Taylforth) after messing up their relationship. However, Peter (Dayle Hudson) is determined to keep them apart, with official spoilers suggesting he will go to extreme lengths to keep them apart. In upcoming scenes, the anniversary of Lucy's death is imminent, and Bobby has proposed to the family that he wants to go to the mosque to remember her. Knowing the day is hard for the family, Rocky steps in to help Kathy in the cafe and be there for moral support. After a successful day, Rocky takes his chance and suggests the pair go on a date, but Peter is irritated by the thought. Later, Rocky makes another attempt at winning her over, but with Peter insistent that he doesn't want them together, Kathy turns him down. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slates Alex Beresford after infamous GMB feud Rocky confides in Mitch Baker (Roger Griffiths) and Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick) and asks for ideas on how to impress Kathy. However, things don't go to plan, and Rocky is back to square one. Could Peter be purposefully sabotaging their relationship to keep them away from one another? There is no love lost between Rocky and Peter, and if he feels Kathy deserves more, what lengths will he go to to keep them apart? When Bobby killed Lucy, his adoptive mother, Jane Beale (Laurie Brett), moved her body to the common, refusing to believe Bobby could do such a thing. However, he was later charged with her murder after Max Branning (Jake Wood) had done time for the crime and Bobby spent months in a young offenders' institution. He had difficulty when he was released adjusting back into normal life and converted to Islam to turn his life around, which is why he wants to spend the anniversary at the mosque. Fans have been struggling to get their heads around the fact that her death with eight years ago. DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: New family arrive in Square as Gray's home sold [INSIGHT]Danniella Westbrook looking to adopt Ukrainian baby with prison beau [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Rainie Highway leaves Stuart over addiction [WATCH] Many fans have revealed that they still remembered where and who they were watching it with when Lucy's killer was revealed. As the storyline is set to be brought back, fans took to Twitter to express their shock at how old they felt. User @paigesastoni wrote: "Eight years?! I feel old" @mishybabes_ commented: "Eight years since Lucy died, what?!" @stacewhit said: "EIGHT YEARS SINCE LUCY ?? NO WAY." Vikki Williams quipped: "There is no way that it has been eight years! What have I been doing with my life?" @Connleyy88 tweeted: "Eight years since Lucy died and eight years later I still feel the same as I did when she died, DEVASTATED!" EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday on BBC One at 7:30pm.