International flights could increase by five percent monthly until June, according to research by travel app Hopper. In April alone, the experts estimate that the cost of air travel will go up 10 percent. However, anecdotes and rumours frequently circulate within the travel industry, claiming that booking on a specific day of the week or a specific time of year could bag you the best deals. Express.co.uk spoke with three travel experts to find out just how true this is. According to Cat Jordan, senior communications manager at TravelZoo: "There's a rumour that Tuesdays are cheaper to book, but this is not so." Instead, she says it's all about "finding a deal". READ MORE: Ryanair flight to Alicante declares emergency after take-off A crucial component of bagging the best deals, according to Nicky Kelvin, head of The Points Guy UK, is flexibility. He explained: "The key to finding the lowest prices is to be flexible with both days and dates of travel and destinations. "There is no particular day of the week that is always cheaper than another to fly." Being adventurous with your destination, in particular, can help increase your chances of making a saving. Mr Kelvin said: "Prices will rise dramatically to popular destinations such as Spain and Turkey in school holiday times or destinations like Dubai or South Africa over the Christmas period. "If you are willing to travel to a destination in low or shoulder season, you are likely to find far cheaper flight and hotel deals." DON'T MISSManchester Airport boss resigns after travel chaos [REPORT]Stewardess on Russian oligarch yacht asked to make 'dolphins jump' [REVEALED]Benidorm: Brits outnumber the Spanish for first time since Covid hit [INSIGHT]  On the other hand, if you are set on a specific destination, planning in advance can be your best friend. After analysing more than 13.2 billion prices across 100 popular routes, the travel search engine, Momondo, found that booking a flight 56 days in advance turns out to be the cheapest. There is a caveat to this, however. Andrea Knowles of vouchers.co.uk explained: "This also factors in sales so make sure to take it with a pinch of salt. My advice is to book in advance if you’re in doubt." Mr Kelvin added: "Last-minute flights tend not to be cheaper, and this is because most airline fares are guided by specific fare buckets that are only available at certain pre-set dates before your flight. "Only the most expensive fare classes are typically left a day or two before departure, and the cheaper fares are reserved for purchases made in advance." However, Mr Kelvin does note an "important exception" that could help you make some savings by travelling on specific days of the week. He told Express.co.uk: "For some airlines, the cheapest return tickets can only be found on bookings that include a Saturday night stay at the destination. "This usually punishes businesses, who are likely to have bigger budgets, as they fly their employees out and back during the working week. "For example, at the end of April, a trip from London to New York flying out on a Monday and back on a Friday will cost £1,288 in economy. "Include a Saturday night stay and fly on Wednesday and return on Monday, and the price drops to as low as £478." Research by Travel Zoo also found "flights are often cheaper on a Tuesday and Wednesday because this is out of the peak weekend and Monday to Friday weekend days". As an added bonus, Ms Jordan notes: "Airports will be much less busy as a result."