In recent weeks, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have utilised a more casual tone of voice across their social media channels. Posts on Instagram and Twitter, particularly throughout the couple’s royal tour, used a more personal approach than seen during prior royal trips. The couple ended their eight-day visit to three Caribbean nations last weekend, a trip that had been billed as a charm offensive. William and Kate’s experiences in Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas were shared via their Kensington Royal channels. A video from the couple’s regatta race in the Bahamas was captioned: “Taking to the sea yesterday for a very special regatta here in The Bahamas. “Thank you to the crew for braving the rain! It was a close race…” While another post dating from a diving trip to a barrier reef in Belize reads: “On Sunday, we were lucky enough to spend time diving at South Water Caye, directly above the spectacular Belize Barrier Reef. “It was a privilege to see for ourselves the world-leading ocean conservation work being done here.” Notably, the posts are written in the first person - and none use William and Kate’s royal titles. Also, the posts from the tour appear to be written by the couple themselves, as if they were taking you along with them for the experience. Previous posts shared their social channels often referred to William and Kate in the third person, using HRH titles or by using the “Duke and Duchess” rather than by their first names. Kinsey Schofield has worked in the PR industry for over a decade and claims this shift in the approach used by the Cambridges is an attempt to alter their branding, especially following Meghan and Harry’s departure from royal duties. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice broke royal tradition with outfit at Philip memorial She noted such a casual tone would not be used by older royals, including Prince Charles, but claims William and Kate “want no part” in taking this approach to royal life. She also claims this shift is necessary due to some of the controversies that have faced the Royal Family in recent years. She told Express.co.uk: “I believe that this is a strategy developed by the Cambridges’ digital team, post-Harry and Meghan fallout, to brand the couple as youthful, approachable, and cool. “All qualities that are true to William and Kate but often hidden behind ceremony and tradition. “I would also not be surprised if this isn't a tone that William and Kate have rallied for in previous years but were denied due to the old regime. “Desperate times call for desperate measures and the royal family brand has taken some punches over the last few years. “While you could never imagine the Queen or Prince Charles engaging in such a manner, to ensure the Cambridges’ success and longevity, there had/has to be change. DON'T MISS Queen gives up wearing crown amid plans for Charles to takeover event [REPORT] Prince Andrew scandal made life 'easier' for Beatrice and Eugenie [REVEAL] 'It was a pointed snub' Harry blasted over 'missed chance' for Archie [INSIGHT] “There's no shaking off Prince Charles' reputation as stuffy and regal... the Cambridge's want no part of that. “They will lead with love which is why I believe that they want to appear more personable and warm.” In contrast to posts shared by William and Kate, the Clarence House social media accounts, which chart the activities of The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall use much more formal language. Charles and Camilla are often referred to as “Their Royal Highnesses’s” or “The Prince and The Duchess” or by their full royal titles, rather than their first names. They also use emojis less frequently than the Kensington Royal accounts.  Charles and Camilla’s accounts also avoid exclamation marks which often make an appearance in Kate and William’s posts. The pair recently conducted a royal visit in Ireland, another which formed part of the celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. One post from their trip featured a singular horse emoji and reads: “At Henry de Bromhead Stables, The Duchess meets the remarkable Honeysuckle who, ridden by Rachel Blackmore, won the Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham earlier this month. It was the 15th victory of Honeysuckle’s unbeaten career - the first mare to win the Champion Hurdle twice!” Also if a post features language written by Princes Charles, or his wife, the title of the royal is used – a contrast to the style used by William and Kate. An example from their heir apparent’s recent trip reads: “Is deas a bheith arís le seanchairde! I cannot tell you what huge pleasure it gives both my wife and myself to be with you in Ireland once again, a country that means more to us than I can possibly say. - HRH The Prince of Wales”. 