The 'Gypsy King' may have serenaded American Pie for the final time as a fighter after confirming his intention to hang up his gloves on Saturday. Minutes after a crushing uppercut saw him emerge as a sixth-round victor over Dillian Whyte, Tyson Fury said the Wembley event "may be the final curtain" in his decorated career. And promoter Frank Warren respected Fury's right to make up his own mind on the matter. Seconds after Fury suggested he would be "a man of his word" and retire—a promise he made to his wife, Paris, after the Deontay Wilder trilogy—Warren backed his fighter. "If it's gonna be the last fight, it'll be the last fight," said the Queensberry Promotions figurehead. "That's his decision. He's the guy getting in the ring. If it is his last fight, how's he gone out? On such a high. Fantastic boxing and he showed all the power he's got. "Unbelievable performance. It's 94,000 people, the biggest-selling boxing event ever in Europe. They all turned out for him. The ring walk, 99 per cent of the people were behind Tyson. They know what he is. He's the best heavyweight of his generation - by far." READ MORE: Tyson Fury vs Dillian Whyte LIVE: Fury KOs Whyte with uppercut and confirms retirement  Warren, 70, has a big stake in Fury's future considering the Wythenshawe native is one of the biggest allures in boxing. Retirement at this stage means fans will never see a date between the Gypsy King and Anthony Joshua, who lost to Oleksandr Usyk in October. That fixture had been touted as one of the biggest in boxing history, but there's no certainty in regards to when a date could be booked. Eddie Hearn recently confirmed a rematch between 'AJ' and Usyk is "100 per cent" agreed and likely to take place in July, but that still leaves Fury waiting for his potential shot at the victor. DON'T MISSTommy Fury batters Daniel Bocianski to pulp but fails to fulfil Jake Paul knockout requestTyson Fury next opponent: Who will Gypsy King fight after Dillian WhyteTyson Fury's wife appears unfazed by 'cheater' confession – 'Had sex with 500 women'    Almost four years had passed since Fury last fought on British soil, and the veteran assured he "owed it to every person in the United Kingdom to come here and fight at Wembley." Viewers weren't left disappointed, either, as Fury dominated for almost all of the six rounds before stopping Whyte with a furious right-hand uppercut. Underlining his place as one of the best boxers of his generation, Fury has few (if any) genuine contenders left to his heavyweight throne. As Warren put it, there are few better stages to bow out of the sport if Saturday's outing does turn out to be Fury's final farewell.