Despite splashing £150million ahead of the start of the season, Arsenal are expected to be busy this summer. Signing a striker is top of Mikel Arteta’s ‘to do list’, but acquiring a midfielder also appears to be of some priority too. Thomas Partey has excelled for the Gunners in midfield so far this season, hitting some top form of late. But it appears paramount for Arteta to provide depth in the centre of the park as well as improve on his current options. Granit Xhaka has partnered Partey in Arsenal’s midfield trio this season, with Martin Odegaard being the third. However, AS Roma were keen to sign Xhaka last year and Jose Mourinho’s side are expected to reignite that interest at the end of the season. If the Switzerland international departs, 22-year-old Albert Sambi Lokonga appears to be the only midfielder ready to slot in. But having only made 14 appearances so far this season and still adjusting to life in the Premier League. JUST IN: Mane and Salah’s pact of silence can help Liverpool's title push Thus, it is no surprise to hear that Leicester City’s Youri Tielemans and Wolves’ Ruben Neves are much admired by the Gunners, according to CBS Sport. The pair have both been linked with moves to the Emirates Stadium over the past 12 months and their experience in the top-flight is very attractive to Arteta. Tielemans is out of contract in 2023 and has no intention of committing his future to The Foxes says The Telegraph. They report that Leicester are willing to cash in on the Belgium international and could be tempted to accept an offer of as little as £25million for his services.  Neves too is out of contract in 2023 and there are growing concerns that he may not renew his deal at the Molineux Stadium due to reported interest from some of Europe’s giants. Barcelona have been credited with having an interest in the Portugal international by the Daily Mail, citing that Neves is viewed as a long-term replacement for Sergio Busquets. If Arsenal manage to secure Champions League football for next season then signing a midfielder may become of equal importance as a no.9. The higher powers at the club have shown a willingness to back Arteta previously and certainly won’t shy away from investing in his ‘project’ once more.