The Extinction Rebellion campaign video features a young girl, who talks to the camera as she walks through the streets talking about ways people can inform others by knocking on doors to discuss climate change with strangers. The young activist also warns of the dangers of knocking on doors and tells the audience not to go inside or accept sweets from strangers. The advert dropped just before this weekend's planned protests in the capital which began with a sign hanging from London Bridge calling for the UK to "end fossil fuel now." In the video, the girl outlined Extinction Rebellion's new strategy: "Ok, look I'm going to break this down into some easy digestible little pieces. "Let's call them sweets, so when trick or treating... Sorry, raising awareness about Government inaction on climate change, remember this, most people are nice. "And even if they don't agree with you, they'll be polite... Probably ish. And if you're getting bad vibes, move on, there is no use expecting the quality street the first time, every time yeah. "Second thing, don't go inside, bad vibes or good vibes... Duh of course not, sweets plus strangers equal stay on the doorstep, you taught me that remember." JUST IN: 'Don't take me through England' European lorry drivers furious over Kent traffic chaos     She continued: "Third thing, keep an eye on the team, oh no where is little Jimmy? Oh, there he is he found a plant pot, look at his little legs waggling... You watch your gang. "Fourth thing, have some fun I dare you, this is your chance to have brilliant conversations, meet new people. "And remember you're not just there to talk you're there to listen to engage to basically have a proper chat." The protest kicked off this week in London, partly in response to the newest Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) published report, which was released on Monday.     @DarrenLewitt said: "Just imagine if the climate estimates have been done by the same modellers who got covid so badly wrong? 6000 deaths a day in February from Omicron? Just saying? If you want to knock on doors go knock on doors in China, India & Russia because if they don’t change the world isn’t." @Villamad3 said: "Please come and knock on my door here in Kingstanding, I would love to speak to you." @Trish4leave said: "Knock on mine and they will have the door slammed in their faces." @Isaacstatue said: "Kent, The Garden of England, is being destroyed by the unrelenting house building of Tory party donor so-called developers on countryside and prime farmland. Prime farmland, at a time of peak global food insecurity. I don't see these people complaining. Forgive me if I'm wrong." @Frankcastlemilk said: "I've never understood this weird "activists at the door thing". Even for parties/politicians I would vote for, I still don't want them at my door."