Peaky Blinders star Cillian Murphy, 45, has revealed he moved back to Ireland after spending 14 years living in London. The Irish-born actor explained that he moved his family to Dublin in 2015 after his children's accents turned "posh". The Peaky Blinders star, 45, lived in the UK with his wife Yvonne and their two sons Malachy and Aran for over a decade. But after some time the actor admitted he wanted to return home. The BBC favourite explained that he wanted his children to enjoy their upbringing in Ireland in an interview shared last week. The small-screen star also added that he felt like an "interloper" whenever he stayed in California. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's secret visit to Queen - 'Don't care for details!' Cillian said: “We were in London for 14 years, both our kids were born there and we only came back to Dublin in 2015. “It's kind of an Irish story to move away, do your thing and come home, that seems to be a common narrative for Irish people. “And then we wanted the kids to be Irish." The actor went on: “They were sort of at that age where they were pre-teens, they had very posh English accents, and I wasn’t appreciating that too much so we decided to come back.  “And you know, parents are at a certain age, it was just a nice time to come home.” When asked if he could picture himself living in a place like Los Angeles, Cillian admitted he does prefer to visit rather than be there full-time. “I love visiting and I love the food and I do love the weather," he commented. “I don’t know, I just feel European, I just feel Irish. I’d feel like a bit of an interloper if I lived in California, I couldn’t envisage living there permanently.” DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen shares sad family picture addressing 'highs and lows'[LATEST]Rod Stewart in rare pic with sons as Penny talks life before kids[PICTURES]Jo Wood breaks her ankle at ex-husband Ronnie's house[ADMISSION] Speaking on the Armchair Expert podcast, Cillian admitted he has enjoyed watching his children grow up. The TV star explained that the two-year age gap between the siblings has meant that they are more like best pals. He added: “My lads definitely kicked the s*** out of each other quite often when they were younger but that’s boys. They’re great pals.” Meanwhile, Cillian was recently spotted on set with his co-star Emily Blunt for their film Oppenheimer. Cillian is playing her husband J. Robert Oppenheimer. The Peaky Blinders star was dressed in a period-appropriate charcoal three-piece suit with a short brown hat and a grey-blue tie. Cillian appeared to be mulling about the outdoor set with his hands in his vest pockets between takes. The Peaky Blinders star has previously worked alongside director Christopher Nolan on 2005's Batman Begins, and he appeared in its sequels The Dark Knight and The Dark Night Rises, along with Inception and Dunkirk.