Rory McIlroy has insisted that he would not be surprised if Tiger Woods makes his long-awaited return by playing at this week's Masters despite raising questions over the 46-year-old's physical fitness. The latter has not featured in an official event for almost 18 months but has been fine-tuning his game at Augusta in advance of this year's tournament. Woods was forced to miss the first part of 2021 after undergoing a fifth back surgery before suffering major right leg injuries in a car accident in February of last year. He confirmed he wants to play the Masters, which is set to get underway on Thursday, on Tuesday and McIlroy believes that he is ready to return as long as he is able to cope with the physical demands of the four-day event. "I’ve spent a little bit of time with him at home and the golf is there," said McIlroy. "He’s hitting it well, he’s chipping well, he’s sharp. It’s the physical demand of getting around 72 holes here this week. "That’s probably the question mark, but the golf game is there. So would I be surprised? No I’m not surprised at anything he does anymore." JUST IN: Tiger Woods sent retirement warning as he eyes Masters return Woods played all 18 holes at Augusta last week and did not appear to struggle at any point during his time on the course, according to ESPN. He declared back in February that he was planning to return to competitive action in the near future but insisted that he still had plenty of work ahead of him in order to reach the required level. "My golf activity has been very limited," Woods told reporters during a press conference before the Genesis Invitational. "I can chip and putt really well and hit short irons very well, but I haven't done any long stuff seriously. "I'm still working. Like at the PNC, I'm still working on the walking part. I can walk on a treadmill all day, that's easy, that's just straight, there's no bumps in the road, but walking on a golf course where there's undulations, I have a long way to go. "I'll put it to you this way, as far as playing at the Tour level, I don't know when that's going to happen. Now, I'll play a round here or there, a little hit and giggle, I can do something like that." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE