Since her first appearance in the pilot episode, Henrietta ‘Hetty’ Lange (played by Linda Hunt) has remained one of the most loved characters on CBS’ procedural drama, NCIS Los Angeles. Following her departure in season 10, fans were hopeful she would return to screens this year, however, according to the showrunner, this doesn't seem likely.  Though Hetty’s official job title was Operations Manager for the Office of Special Projects, she was more than a boss to her team. Fans fell in love with her warm approach to different situations, which led her to become a mother figure and trusted mentor for the team, including G.Callen (Chris O’Donnell). As a result, her absence around the beginning of season ten didn’t go unnoticed. Although she returned for brief moments, she has yet to be seen on screens two seasons later. READ MORE: Jane McDonald forced to explain awkward wardrobe mishap During season 12, Hetty did make a comeback. However, it was during video calls that she was often seen wearing camouflage for a dangerous mission in Syria. As production took place during Covid, it was also revealed that Hetty star Linda Hunt wasn't able to film with the cast on set to keep her safe. Soon after, Hunt was back on set for season 13 and reunited with her co-stars, which led fans to believe she would finally make her long-await comeback.  However, this wasn’t to be the case, as executive producer, Scott R Gemmill, shared the disappointing news stating she would return next year. Speaking at PaleyFest, Gemmill reassured fans: “Her story continues. “She was in at the beginning of this season and then we had her disappear. The plan is to follow that up next year with some reveal.” In terms of her upcoming storyline, recent episodes have set the tone for a confrontation with Callen after he made a startling discovery about his childhood. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley in shock at Angela Rayner controversy [NEWS]NCIS LA: fans fume as Katya ‘causing mayhem’ jeopardises Callen [REACTION]NCIS season 19: McGee set for heartwarming plot as child joins cast [INSIGHT] In the recent episodes, he found out Hetty was in charge of an organization which tested children in the foster care system for spy work, something he had been a part of. Gemmill continued: “We’ve pitted her a little bit against Callen in terms of what he went through as a child, so that’s something we’re very eager to explore and have fun with. “We’ve pitted her a little bit against Callen in terms of what he went through as a child, so that’s something we’re very eager to explore and have fun with.” The investigation into his childhood finally revealed his full name as Grisha Aleksandrovich Nikolaev and explored his biological family.  As a result, he found out he had a half-sister, a nephew and a father who was now deceased. The executive producer added: “I think he got to a point where he seemed he thought he knew who he was, and then suddenly there was a reveal. “I think he wants to truly believe that Hetty did this out of the goodness of her heart, took him under her wing, and not that he was just another project of hers that was not as emotional as his relationship with her is. “I think he wants answers to that so that he doesn’t feel betrayed. “Over time, we’ve helped to give him some closure. I think this is probably the final step and the real reckoning with his mother figure, which in this case is Hetty.” NCIS LA is available on CBS in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 