Piers Morgan has recently celebrated his 57th birthday across the pond in New York City. The former Good Morning Britain presenter, who has made appearances on US television in recent days, has been gifted with a cheeky birthday cake. The outspoken journalist couldn't resist sharing a photo after being gifted with a present from the hotel he has been staying at. Taking to Instagram, Piers shared a photo of the mouth-watering sweet treat. The cake read: "Happy Birthday Piers." A photo was added to the cake showed Chris Rock's face replaced with Piers so it appeared that Will Smith had slapped the broadcaster instead. READ MORE: Joan Collins has not had surgery as star rejects Jane Seymour's remark Underneath the photo, it read: "Piers Morgan Uncensored launching April 25." In view of his 1.8 million followers, he captioned the post: "My birthday cake from The Carlyle, New York’s classiest hotel. This is why I love staying there." The TV host received over 5,000 likes in a matter of minutes as he was inundated with comments. Knights of Cigar said: "Best cake ever. Happy Birthday."  Debbie remarked: "Wow. That was so thoughtful." Grazia added: "I'm so glad that I started following you recently." Piers celebrated his birthday on March 30 and has been sharing updates on social media. The cheeky gift comes days after Will sparked uproar after the Oscar winner slapped Chris during Sunday night's Academy Awards ceremony. DON'T MISS... 'Remember Andrew?' Jeremy Clarkson issues royal warning to William[LATEST]Bruce Willis' wife thanks fans as actor 'sells off property empire'[UPDATES]Idris Elba says Meghan Markle requested Dr Dre at royal wedding[ROYALS] The King Richard star has since issued an apology to the comedian following the incident. Chris had made a joke directed towards Will's wife Jada Pinkett Smith about her shaved head but the Set It Off actress has been vocal about living with alopecia - a hair loss condition. The incident has been a hot topic of conversation and Piers has claimed that the Oscar-winning actor has in fact "saved" the academy. "I don't believe any of this, I am just saying that," host Tucker Carlson began, as he claimed the slap between Will and Chris was "staged". Piers replied: "I think it was real and because I think it was real it was actually one of the most entertaining moments in Oscars history. "It saved the Oscars because let's be honest, it is normally this unbearable, sycophantic snooze-fest of backslappers all telling each other how wonderful they are." Will has since announced that he has resigned from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. The star explained via his representatives that he accepts full responsibility for his actions.