Kate contacted little Mila Sneddon after she completed treatment to celebrate the happy news, the six-year-old revealed. The young child shared the news as she appeared on Lorraine with her mum Lynda. Mother and daughter discussed with the ITV programme host Ranvir Singh Mila's health struggles, her successful cycles of chemotherapy and the famous people who joined in the celebrations after ending the treatment. Asked by Ms Singh who had sent her a congratulatory email after it emerged Mila did no longer need treatment, the six-year-old said: "Ant and Dec". The host went on, asking: "Ant and Dec, that's amazing! "I thought also William and Kate might have done that? Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "The future king and queen, did they also get in touch with you?" Little Mila quickly confirmed the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge got in touch with her. Mila conquered the heart of Kate in 2020, when her mum Lynda submitted a picture as part of the Hold Still photography contest launched by the Duchess in May that year. The contest had the goal to portray life in Britain during the first national lockdown through the eyes, and lenses, of everyday Britons. READ MORE: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen Lynda submitted a photograph showing Mila blowing a kiss to her father through a window as he stood outside of their home. She later explained the family had decided to split and have Mila's dad and elder sister temporarily live in a separate house ahead of the first lockdown in order to shield Mila, who at the time was undergoing chemotherapy, from COVID-19. Lynda's picture was eventually chosen as one of the 100 finalists of the contest and included in the Hold Still book, released last year. Kate first spoke with Mila and Lynda over the phone in May last year, when the Duchess learned more about the hard choices made by Mila's family to protect her and got to know the bubbly personality of the child. In an extract of the call shared on YouTube by the Cambridges, Kate was taken aback as she was asked by the adorable child whether she has "a costume". The Duchess replied: "I'm not wearing a princess costume right now, I'm afraid Mila. "Do you have lots of dressing-up outfits yourself?" The child said yes, adding her favourite colour is pink. Kate then said: "OK, well I have to make sure I go and try and find myself a pink dress so that hopefully, when one day hopefully, Mila we'll get to meet and then I'll remember to wear my pink dress for you. Would that be nice?" Kate kept her promise and, during her first meeting with Mila in Scotland last summer, she donned a pink gown. Enthusiastically greeting the little girl, Kate said: "Hi Mila, look at you. I want to give you a big squeezy cuddle, it's so nice to meet you in person." Mila met once again Kate last December, when she was invited to attend the special Christmas Carol service hosted by the Duchess at Westminster Abbey. Mila was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia in November 2019. Last week, she rang the bell at Team Jack Cancer Centre to signal she no longer needed treatment. Speaking about going back to school the same day as finishing treatment Mila told Ms Singh: "I had to go to school but I just wanted a day off. "But everyone was clapping me around the whole school when I rang the bell - it was a surprise."