CONFLATED has the ability to crush the hopes of two past winners of today’s Betway Bowl Chase by taking the Aintree prize. Both Clan Des Obeaux, winner of last year’s contest, and Kemboy, successful in the 2019 race, have disappointed this season, suggesting they are now on the decline.  In contrast CONFLATED (2.55, nap, ITV) has stepped up to the plate. He was travelling well before falling two fences from home in the Ryanair Chase won by the exceptional Allaho at Cheltenham last month. Earlier the Gordon Elliott-trained gelding posted an all-time best when beating last season’s Gold Cup winner and this year’s second Minella Indo at Leopardstown in February. The admirable Bristol De Mai is another whose best days are now behind him. Protektorat, successful over this course and distance in December and third behind A Plus Tard in the Gold Cup, will be the obvious danger if his Cheltenham race has not left a mark. Without the presence of Honeysuckle lining up in the Betway Aintree Hurdle, EPATANTE (3.30, nb, ITV) appears to have a simple task. Nicky Henderson’s mare has finished in the frame behind Honeysuckle on three occasions, most recently when second in last month’s Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham. Admittedly, the eight-year-old has yet to win over today’s two-and-half-mile trip but her superior class and the the 7lb mares’ allowance will see her win the day.   PIED PIPER (2.20, ITV) has the ability to justify his short price in the Jewson Anniversary Hurdle and kick start a double for Elliott. The four-year-old was far from disgraced when third behind the highly rated Vauban in last month’s Triumph Hurdle at Cheltenham. This talented Flat performer will relish today's sharp track where his speed will prove to be crucial. Brazil will not be far away if repeating his running when beating Gaelic Warrior Cheltenham last month. Also the recent French recruit Petit Tonnerre, a winner on his only British start at Market Rasen, has to be respected. After failing to stay in last month’s Cheltenham Hunters’ Chase COUSIN PASCAL (4.05, treble, ITV) can put that performance behind him and make it a second successive victory in the Randox Foxhunters’ Chase. In last year’s race he proved too strong Latenightpass with Cat Tiger back in third place. Porlock Bay, winner of last season's Cheltenham Hunters’ Chase, deserves another chance. He has disappointed this season but with Will Biddick, the most successful point-to-pointer rider in the saddle, the gelding is now expected to put those poor efforts behind him. The weights favour SKY PIRATE (4.40, ITV) to get his revenge on market leader Before Midnight in the Red Rum Chase. Shakem Up’Arry is on a decent handicap mark and represents the value each way bet.  Grand National Festival 2022 Day One tips 1.45 Erne River 2.20 Pied Piper 2.55 Conflated (nap) 3.30 Epatante (nb) 4.05 Cousin Pascal (treble) 4.40 Sky Pirate 5.15 Ilaide Allen 