Princess Anne was photographed arriving and leaving the remembrance service for the Falklands War at St Paul’s Cathedral today, in place of Prince Andrew. The remembrance service was in memory of the war which took place in 1982, with fighting beginning on April 2. During the Falklands War, Prince Andrew flew on multiple missions including anti-surface warfare, casualty evacuation and Exocet missile decoy.  However it was his older sister Princess Anne who attended the remembrance service in St Paul’s Cathedral today. What was her body language like? Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis. She said: “This is a rather unusual body language pose by Princess Anne at a formal occasion. “There could surprisingly be some clues of underlying tension that might just have been prompted by her brother Andrew’s feelings as she represents the royals at a memorial service for the war that he famously fought in. “Anne has always worn uniforms, medals and gold braid with confident, military-style bearing. “When she is in full dress mode her upright posture, forward focus and facial expression of gravitas are normally impeccable, but these photograph show her looking less assured than normal,” the expert claims. Judi continued: “As her host greets her and speaks to her, Anne turns her head back, possibly towards the waiting fans.  “Her eyes look wide but her hand gesture looks even less assertive. “Anne’s hand appears to be checking the buttoning of her jacket here. “Interestingly this is often employed as a self-comfort ritual by her older brother Charles and his sons, William and Harry. “With these men it is a suggestion of anxiety and it forms a barrier ritual to help them feel slightly shielded in public.  “For Anne though, it is a rarity,” Judi said. She added: “Of all the Queen’s children, Anne is the only one to rarely if ever feel the need of a barrier or self-comfort gesture at public events. “It may have been a very swift touch but it could also have been a hint of some of the emotions running backstage at the palace right now.” Princess Anne was also photographed shaking the hand of the Alderman Sir David Wootton outside the cathedral.  Judi commented on the Princess Royal’s body language in this moment. She said: “Back on duty here after what looks like a very small lapse in concentration, Anne shows the resolve and confidence she is famous for. “Her eye contact as she shakes hands looks direct and the actual handshake she performs looks firm and full of strength. “Anne even places her crooked thumb over the top of the hand clasp in a signal that normally suggests leadership and power.” 