Steve and Suzie Fletcher have become fan favourites on the heartwarming BBC One show The Repair Shop. During a candid podcast interview, clock expert Steve shared how his leather and saddle restoring sister Suzie gained a permanent place on the popular programme and became "one of the main people" in the famous restoration barn. Steve and Suzie grew up in the Oxfordshire countryside and Steve went on to follow in the footsteps of their father. Their father was a watchmaker who inspired Steve to go into a career mending clocks and watches. Suzie, on the other hand, was passionate about horses and her fondness for them eventually took her to the United States of America. She lived in the States for more than two decades where she worked as a saddle maker, but she returned to England following the death of her husband. READ MORE:  What happened to the real Ann Walker?  Suzie joined The Repair Shop's team in 2017 after her brother persuaded producers to get her on board. Speaking on the podcast Relatively with Catherine Carr about working together over the past few years, Suzie explained: "I really am an English country girl, I love being in this green, beautiful county." Catherine asked Steve how Suzie got a job on the BBC One programme once she was back in the country. He said: "It wasn't keeping an eye on her, it was a lovely opportunity and I had a word with a producer and the producer said, 'Yeah there might be a couple of things we could get her to do'.    "Now look at it, she's one of the main people on the show and very popular as well and I am very proud of her." "He's not going to let me go away again and that's that", Suzie quipped. When probed about what it has been like working together on a television show, Suzie told listeners of the podcast "it's amazing". She gushed: "I don't feel like I am working with my brother, I feel like I am working with my family." DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop: Becky Houghton shares worry over fragile violin  [LATEST]Where is The Repair Shop's Brenton West based? [EXPLAINER]The Repair Shop’s Steve Fletcher stunned by toy car's surprise feature [MUST SEE]  "A lot of life happens in the background between all of us and we all share and support each other. "I have been told by many people that our warmth and closeness come across on the programme. "Everybody has played a crucial role and it is a team of people I find extraordinary." Steve, who has appeared on The Repair Shop since 2016, was later asked if he and Suzie have nicknames for each other.   However, a diplomatic Steve replied: "I couldn't say, it's for family only. It's very rude." While Steve and Suzie often bring The Repair Shop's guests to tears after restoring their treasured items, Suzie has broken down on the show too. During a particularly emotional episode, Suzie was presented with a saddle that needed repairing. The previous owner had sadly died from cancer as her late husband had, and the moment caused her to shed a few tears. The Repair Shop is available to watch on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.  