The Duke and Duchess of Sussex paid a covert visit to the Queen at Windsor Castle on Thursday, ahead of their attendance at the Invictus Games. Earlier this month it was revealed that Meghan and Harry will be followed around by a camera crew at the event. The crew will reportedly be filming a Netflix documentary about the games, called Heart of Invictus. But royal commentator Charles Rae suggested that their visit to the Queen may also be part of the documentary. Speaking on Talk Radio, he said: "The Netflix film crew will most certainly favourably capture Harry and Meghan. "It will look as if they are still members of the Royal family when they are private citizens. "That will be the whole aim to show people they are still considered very important people." However, palace officials described the meeting as a "private visit". Meanwhile, the Daily Mail's Richard Kay claimed that "not leaking details is being seen as a way of getting some trust back into the relationship." Royal expert Ingrid Seward described the visit as an "olive branch". She told the Sun: "It is a wonderful opportunity to clear the air and offer an olive branch. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'in and out in 15 minutes' on secret visit to Windsor "After everything that has gone on it must have taken a lot for Harry and Meghan to go to Windsor. "Also Maundy Thursday is a very special day for the Queen as it is about forgiveness. "She is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms." It was the first time the couple had visited the UK together since stepping back from royal duties in March 2020. DON'T MISS: Queen and Charles have become 'co-monarchy' [REVEAL] Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry to introduce Lilibet to Queen [LIVE] Kate Middleton and Prince William miss out on Harry's visit [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry's trip to Windsor also reportedly saw them pay a visit to Prince Charles, who was on the premises to take the Queen's place at the Maundy Thursday Service. They went from the UK to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, which began today at The Hague. Harry and Meghan revealed they had signed a deal with Netflix in September 2020. And last year, they announced the production of Heart of Invictus - the first show of their multimillion-dollar deal. The show will follow the journeys of individuals competing at the games, which was founded by Prince Harry to support former members of the armed forces. Reports have claimed that Harry will appear on camera and be credited as an executive producer on the series, which will be produced by Archewell productions.