ITV presenter Lorraine Kelly has aimed a swipe at ITV over their "toe-curling" additions to the daytime presenting team. Speaking to her ITV colleague Andi Peters, the Scottish TV host, 62, spoke about the difficulties of presenting live TV, before taking aim at the "reality stars" the broadcaster featured as part of the daytime presenting team. She said to her ITV colleague Andi: "The thing about you is though, you are a pioneer when you think about it." Her daughter Rosie chipped in: "Also I don't think a lot of people will know about any of this." Agreeing, Lorraine replied: "No, I don't think they do, people know you because obviously, you do the competitions on ITV. "And the thing about you is you make it look easy," she praised the star. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show Lorraine went on to gush over her fellow ITV presenter for making his job look "effortless". She continued: "Now, anybody that's trying to do that live and to tap on someone's door and to make that look effortless and funny and entertaining in a minute is actually difficult. "Because when you're on holiday or on the rare occasion that you're not there, which isn't very often and somebody else tries, ooh, it's no good," she added. Andi replied: "I think I've been blessed and you're right Lorraine and it warms me that you appreciate how difficult it is. "I think I'm lucky that you on your show like to have me there, so I feel that's always kept me where I am." Andi went on to address his guest presenting role on Good Morning Britain, telling how the programme decided not to "go down" the reality star route during main presenters' absence. He explained: "And on GMB as well, I think the people behind the desk were like, 'Do you know what? Let's not go down the Love Island route or that person route'..." "Well," Lorraine chipped in. "They tried it and it just didn't work, my toes were curling so much," she added before bursting into laughter on the What If? With Lorraine and Rosie podcast. DON'T MISS...Jada Pinkett Smith filmed ‘laughing’ as Will Smith slapped Chris Rock [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [ANALYSIS]Rob Rinder addresses if Celebrity Gogglebox is 'authentic' after stint [UPDATE] "Which is awful," Andi replied, adding: "Because if your toes are curling, the audience at home are curling as well and you're thinking, 'This is just horrible.'" The ITV star went on to relay his recent experiences on the daytime programme Loose Women, which led to a panellist thanking him for standing in. He went on to the mother and daughter duo: "I did Loose Women recently. "Somebody didn't show up when we did one of our big live days of a quarter of a million and they said, 'Look, can you do Loose Women today, Andi?' "I said, 'of course' and I got a lovely note from Charlene [White] just saying, 'Oh God, it's so different when it's you.'" Andi told how he appreciated Charlene's comment before taking a swipe at the "Channel 5" presenters the show features. "And you think, do you know what? That is so nice to hear because they get, they don't even get Love Island they get some Channel 5 reality show person doing theirs, so quite frankly there's no hope," he said. The What If? with Lorraine and Rosie podcast can be listened to here.