Earlier this week, Labour MP Angela Rayner was accused of trying to distract Boris Johnson in the House of Commons by crossing her legs. The claims published in the Mail on Sunday are from an anonymous Conservative MP who accused the Labour Party member of trying to put the Prime Minister off in Parliament. Rayner has since shut down the claims, and during his show Uncensored, Piers Morgan weighed into the discussion and blasted Speaker Hoyle over his reaction. Discussing the claims, Piers began: "The deputy leader of the British opposition party has been smeared in a nasty sexist anonymous newspaper briefing, suggesting she deliberately crosses and uncrosses her legs to distract Boris Johnson in the House of Commons. "An unnamed Conservative MP accused Angela Rayner of a ploy to put the Prime Minister off his stride. "The MP told the Mail on Sunday she knows you can't compete with Boris' Oxford Union debating training, but she has other skills which he lacks. "Oh, for God's sake," Piers fumed as he launched into a scathing rant. "Well, first of all, you don't need to flash a pair of hot legs to get one over Boris Johnson in Parliament" READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry He continued: "Given how poorly he's performing at the moment, a barely functioning brain will suffice. "Secondly, Angela Rayner is a very smart, very feisty cookie and deserves a lot better than this pathetic, misogynistic nonsense - as do all female politicians. "But it's what happened next, of course, is even more concerning because the Speaker of the House of Commons, Sir Lindsay Hoyle summoned the editor of the Mail on Sunday to discuss the story because he found it offensive. "It's not the paper at fault here, it's the repellent who made the slur in the first place."  "Speaker Hoyle should get back in his box, focus who finding out who this malevolent mystery MP was," Piers raged. "And then discipline him for abusing parliamentary standards of conduct." Earlier this week, Speaker Hoyle demanded to have a meeting with the editor of the Mail on Sunday after some MPs called for the journalist who wrote the story to be banned from Parliament. The Speaker described the comments as "demeaning, offensive to women in Parliament", before adding the claims "only deter women who might be considering standing for election to the detriment of us all". It has since been revealed the newspaper's editor David Dillon confirmed he would not be attending the meeting. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC  [NEWS]Louis Theroux ex-wife: Star’s ‘marriage of convenience’ in New York [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [CAST] He said journalists should "not take instruction from officials of the House of Commons, however august they may be". In a letter to Speaker Hoyle, the editor said journalists must be "free to report what they are told by MPs about conversations which take place in the House of Commons". Ms Rayner also made her first TV appearance on Tuesday since the incident, where she spoke with Lorraine Kelly about the claims in the article. The Labour MP admitted she decided to wear trousers for her interview because she didn't want to be judged. "I consciously today felt like I wanted to put some trousers on so that people didn’t think…" Rayner told the ITV host. “I wanted to be defiant as well because I don’t think women should be told how to dress, but I didn’t want to distract from the fact that actually, it’s not about my legs. “I didn’t want people at home thinking, ‘Let’s have a look at what her legs are like, and how short her skirt is or not.’ “Because I feel like I’m being judged for what I wear, rather than what I’m saying to you or how I come across.” Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV.