The Russian invasion of Ukraine has not gone as well as Vladimir Putin would have liked. What was expected to be swift victory has now dragged on to its 42nd day of conflict, as Ukrainian forces continue to push back against Russian troops. According to reports, Ukrainian troops have fought back and regained some control in the town of Makariv, west of Kyiv.  Local authorities there say Ukrainian flags were seen flying in the town once again. According to a US defence spokesman, Ukrainians were also reversing Russian momentum in some areas in the south of the country. As the war continues to drag for Russia, Putin could unleash a number of different devastating weapons to break the deadlock in Ukraine. Russia is believed to possess a nuclear superweapon that could destroy cities within minutes.  Putin’s “doomsday machine”, designed to destroy naval bases, has the potential to drown Ukraine instantly under a 330-foot high tsunami. Scientists warn that such destruction can be achieved by detonating a nuclear warhead underwater, near the sea coast. Revealed by Putin in 2018, the Poseidon is an underwater, unmanned stealth drone which is capable of launching nuclear payloads. This is a Russian-made mobile, surface-to-air missile system (SAM) that is capable of engaging aircraft, UAVs and cruise missiles up to 250 miles away. READ MORE: Ukraine forces erupt in cheers as Russian helicopter shot down Being deployed in Russia since 2007, each S-400 battery has eight launchers and 32 missiles. Russia has solved the defence system to Turkey, China, India and Syria, and is expected to unveil the next-generation S-400 system this year. This is another defence system that Putin could use against Ukraine and can target both missiles and enemy aircrafts. The Pantsir S-1 deploys 12 surface-to-air guided missiles and two 30mm cannons to provide point air defence of military, industrial and administrative installations against aircraft, helicopters, precision munitions, cruise missiles and UAVs. READ MORE: Australian mystery after bloated 'alien' creature washes ashore [REVEAL] 'What a legacy for Merkel' Germany humiliated as Russia sanctions fail [INSIGHT] The deadly weapons UK could send to Ukraine to end Putin's invasion [SPOTLIGHT] The Pantsir was previously used in Ukraine during the conflict in the Donbas region, and also in the Syrian and Libyan civil wars. This Russian aircraft is similar to the famous US-made AH-64 Apache attack helicopter. Nicknamed by NATO as “havoc”, this helicopter armed to the teeth with a 30mm cannon, Ataka anti-tank missiles, and rockets. Russian forces have already deployed this attack chopper in the invasion of Ukraine.  However, this flying death machine is not invulnerable, with recent reports stating Ukrainian troops were able to bring one of the helicopters down using a UK-made Starstreak system. The RS-24 Yars is an intercontinental ballistic missile that can be launched on the road or from nuclear silos. These missiles can be launched very quickly, taking only seven minutes to prep the missile for launch. The missile can also be equipped with the Avangard hypersonic gliding re-entry vehicle that would make it extremely fast and easily manoeuvrable. 