Al Pacino, 81, was spotted on Saturday leaving a restaurant with Mick Jagger's ex-girlfriend Noor Alfallah, who is 53 years his junior. The pair were pictured leaving Felix Trattoria in Venice Beach, California, after enjoying dinner at the glamorous establishment. For the outing, the Scarface actor wore an all-black ensemble accessorised with a gold necklace with a black pendant. The rocker's ex-girlfriend also opted for an all-black outfit featuring a leather jacket and leather high-heeled boots. Noor, who reportedly works as a television producer, previously dated Rolling Stones legend Mick Jagger, 78. The former couple were first spotted together in 2017, after they met through a mutual friend. Following their breakup, Noor stressed that when it came to their 52-year age difference, “age didn't matter”. However, she admitted members of the public “made comments” about their relationship. Noor also highlighted that she “has many great memories” of their romance. She explained: “Our ages didn't matter to me. “The heart doesn't know what it sees, it only knows what it feels. “It was my first serious relationship, but it was a happy time for me.” Noor went on to praise the father-of-eight, who she said was still in “great shape”. She added to HELLO!: “[He's] much fitter than I am. I really respect that he is so disciplined." Mick has since moved on and started dating choreographer and former ballerina Melanie Hamrick, 35. The musician and Melanie share son Deveraux Octavian Basil Jagger, who was born in 2016. Melanie made a public appearance on Thursday as she stepped out with Mick’s daughter, Jade, 50. The pair attended an event hosted by an aesthetics doctor and skincare entrepreneur Barbara Sturm. Jade, who is a jewellery designer, wore a dark emerald crushed velvet dress which hugged her figure. Her medium length, chestnut locks were styled in soft curls that fell around her shoulders. She accessorised the gown with a matching green pendant necklace and a set of earrings. Melanie opted for an all-black outfit, consisting of a v-neck black shirt, matching blazer and pair of leather-look trousers.