Recent tensions between Prince Harry and Meghan Markle and the rest of the Royal Family have soured anticipation for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, according to Meghan's estranged half-sister Samantha. She told LBC this morning that feelings around the Platinum Jubilee "on this side of the pond are somewhat bittersweet" after the events of the past few years. Speaking to Nick Ferrari, Samantha said that Harry and Meghan had inflicted "so much damage to the Royal Family," which had dampened the mood around the celebrations. Mr Ferrari said: "We are getting quite excited about the Jubilee this side of the water, what about the US? "Is there a level of excitement about this or would it need to get closer to the time?" Ms Markle responded: "We are looking at one of the most celebrated heads of state and female monarch in history, and what an icon. "It's incredible and of course, her 96th birthday, how beautiful." JUST IN: Queen's driver forced to slam on brakes in terrifying near-miss She continued: "And yet from this side of the pond, it is also somewhat bittersweet based on everything that has transpired with the family socially in the last couple of years. "If anyone can handle it with grace and dignity it is certainly Her Majesty." The 57-year-old also criticised Harry's recent remarks where he said he wants to ensure that his grandmother, the Queen, is “protected” and has the “right people around her". She said: "Harry and Meghan have done so much damage to the Royal Family and it has been done so publicly. "Well you know Harry came out and said he just wants to protect the Queen. "Well that’s like sitting there lighting the fuse of a cannonball and saying ‘wait, okay, incoming, I am lighting this cannonball here it comes, but I am protecting you’. "It does not work that way." Harry's controversial interview with NBC's Today programme was aired a day before Her Majesty's 96th birthday. DON'T MISS: Ferrari left speechless after Meghan's half-sister raises absurd claim [INTERVIEW]Harry is 'clearly not comfortable' in controversial US interview [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: Harry's secret plans for UK return - 'desperate' [LIVE BLOG] Samantha sympathised with the Queen ahead of the Jubilee celebrations in early June, saying: "Part of it is probably sad for her Royal Majesty and certainly not understandable, but it really seems unfair. "I mean that’s how we feel over here. We see it as them making a choice. "Harry certainly made the choice, I mean he even said in a recent interview that he’s quite cosy and his home is Montecito and they welcomed him with open arms. "Well my god, so did Great Britain, I would think that a $40m dollar wedding and rolling out the red carpet is certainly welcoming them with open arms. "So they had that and they chose to leave that."