Writing about the war in Ukraine, Guardian columnist Martin Kettle accused Brexit Britain of lagging behind its European counterparts and establishing itself as a partner that can't be replied on. He claimed the UK has failed to "matched its anti-Russian rhetoric with evidence of the kind of serious long-term strategic resets on which the EU and Germany have embarked". The Guardian columnist pointed to footage of a "seemingly isolated Johnson" during the official photo sessions at the NATO summit last month, where he was seen standing on his own for a short time, "looking into the middle distance for someone to talk to among the assembling western leaders who greet one another with handshakes and smiles". He said that while Mr Johnson's "embarrassment" was only brief, the image suggested the "self-inflicted isolation of Britain on the world stage after Brexit, and to a level of undoubted suspicion towards Johnson among foreign Governments". Brexiteers hit back at Mr Kettle, saying the "fixation with Brexit, the inability to analyse anything without boomeraging back to it" is a "mild form of emotional and cognitive breakdown". Express.co.uk readers have lashed out at the Remainer "agenda", highlighting how Ukrainain President Volodymyr Zelensky has been complimentary of Britain's help towards its war with Russia. "Ian Gray" said: "'Fixation with Brexit, the inability to analyse anything without boomeranging back to it" is a 'mild form of emotional and cognitive breakdown'. "The delusional agenda of Remainiacs in a nutshell." Express reader "SanjayP" commented: "If someone like Kettle was to ask Zelensky who is unreliable, then the answer would be Germany and the EU. He has been very clear about the UK 's support. "Seems to me that the EU fanboys are experiencing envy and a nervous breakdown." READ MORE: Brexit row as Brit tourists blasted for 'shouting' at EU passport lane "Lost the will" wrote: "Well now, that's not the opinion of the Ukrainian President, is it?" Fellow Express.co.uk reader "figaro99" simply added: "Thank goodness we left." The furious reaction from Express.co.uk readers has been triggered after Guardian columnist accused Mr Johnson of being an "unreliable ally". He wrote: "In the task of confronting Russian aggression and rebuilding a democratic Ukraine, the route to effectiveness also requires clear-headed cooperation and alliance-building. DON'T MISSEnergy POLL: Do YOU support UK’s investment in nuclear power? [POLL]Xi comes to Putin's rescue with solution to avoid EU's sanctions [REPORT]FM called 'coward' after BANNING national papers from manifesto launch [COMMENTS] "That’s not easy among so many nations with different interests and histories. "But it means that it is more important than usual to build trust between European nations for the long term. "Yet in Johnson Britain has a leader who is ill-suited to that overridingly necessary cooperative task. He is, to put it mildly, an unreliable ally." Earlier this week, Liz Truss announced the latest round of sanctions from Britain aimed at crushing the crisis-hit Russian economy and once again targeting wealthy individuals. Following a meeting of NATO counterparts on Thursday, the Foreign Secretary said she hoped to see "more countries" commit to banning Russian energy imports. Britain has vowed to end all imports of Russian coal and oil by the end of this year, with gas to follow soon after. But Germany has faced criticism from Ukraine and several other EU member states, including Poland, with claims it has been dragging its feet in phasing out Russian energy. Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said: "As long as the West continues buying Russian gas and oil it is supporting Ukraine with one hand while supporting the Russian war machine with another hand." But he took particular issue with Germany, urging it to cut red tape and speed up support to Ukraine, warning: "While Berlin has time, Kyiv doesn't."