The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are currently on a European visit having seen the Queen at Windsor Castle last Thursday. Their return to the UK has sparked suggestions that they may attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee at the start of June this year. But critics have questioned how the pair can attend without a “media frenzy” ensuing that would inevitably detract from celebrations, and expose the royal family to their corporate, tell-all deals with Netflix and Penguin Random House. Camilla Tominey, deputy editor of The Daily Telegraph, said on LBC: “A celebration of the Queen’s 70 years on the throne should not be the Harry and Meghan show.” Military historian Christopher Joll agreed, adding: “It should not be the Sussex show. They will inevitably be a distraction if they turn up. “But that doesn’t mean to say they shouldn’t turn up. The question is what should they do if they turn up.” The pair then questioned if it was possible for the duke and duchess to “keep a low profile on a Buckingham Palace balcony”. Ms Tominey said: “But are they able to keep a low profile on a Buckingham Palace balcony? Everyone’s going to be reading the mood music between them and the Cambridges. “They’ll be lip readers, body language experts, they’ll be a media frenzy around the whole thing, won’t there?” Mr Joll responded: “Absolutely. And then, of course, there is also the elephant in the room that nobody has mentioned thus far. “That is Harry’s memoirs. He has promised a kiss and tell memoir that Penguin Random House have apparently paid him a multimillion-pound advance for.” READ MORE: Will Harry and Meghan return for the Platinum Jubilee? [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan have not confirmed whether they will attend the Platinum Jubilee, which will begin on Thursday, June 2. But royal commentators have expressed concern that their trip to see the Queen last Thursday was intended to encourage the monarch to let them be a part of it. Senior royal sources have said they believe the visit was a bid to earn them “places front and centre” at the events. Given Harry’s tell-all memoir deal with Penguin Random House and the 30-strong Netflix crew alongside them, there are fears that the Queen could be undermined during her own celebration. DON'T MISS: How Queen celebrated Silver, Golden and Diamond Jubilees in pictures [REVEAL]Queen 'saving up her energy' for Platinum Jubilee events [REVEAL] Queen’s aides ‘worried’ as public may miss out on seeing monarch  [INSIGHT] One royal source said: “Many are disappointed that [Prince] Andrew overshadowed Prince Philip’s thanksgiving service and don’t want the Meghan and Harry circus to hijack the Jubilee. “This is the Queen’s show and should be about her and her 70 years of service rather than Meghan’s fashion, the kids and Harry. “They don’t want it to become the Harry and Meghan show. Charles and all the family are agreed on that.” Royal insiders have, however, pointed out that the duke and duchess have made promises to “uphold the values of Her Majesty” despite leaving the royal family.