COVID-19 mask regulations in Washington DC were relaxed on March 1, allowing people to not wear masks in restaurants, gyms, business, and houses of worship. However, schools, childcare facilities, libraries, and private businesses remained areas where masks still had to be worn.  Under these rules, the Vice President would have been breaking the mask mandate, but the rules changed once again on March 11. Staff and students in public schools in the district were no longer required to wear masks indoors and the mask wearing policy is now optional. The Vice President visited Thomas Elementary School in Washington DC to release the Biden-Harris action plan for building better school infrastructure. The plan involves a number of actions set to improve the learning environment for children in public schools across the US.   A video from her visit has surfaced online of Ms Harris walking to a podium for a speech and photo opportunity with some of the school children. Kamala Harris is unmasked while the children behind her are all masked. This prompted Republican Senator Ted Cruz to take to Twitter to bash Ms Harris saying: “Kamala Harris: Rules for thee but not for me.” In another photo from the event, the Vice President can be seen hugging school children in an art classroom where all of them are maskless, including the teacher. READ MORE:French urged to turn off dishwashers as energy crisis deepens Early on in March, Republican Governor Ronald DeSantis scolded a group of students during an appearance for wearing masks. As he wagged his finger at the high schoolers when taking to the podium, the Florida Governor said: “You don’t have to wear those masks.” He continued: “Please take them off. Honestly, it’s not doing anything. We’ve got to stop this Covid theatre. “So, if you want to wear it, fine – but this is ridiculous.” The Republican National Committee described their job on Twitter as “exposing the lies, hypocrisy, and failed far-left policies of Joe Biden and the Democrat party”. DON'T MISS:POLL: Should the public decide if royals get to keep their titles? (POLL)Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home (INSIGHT)Putin humiliated as Britain refuses Russia's plan to boost economy (REACTION)   The Twitter account shared the video of Ms Harris and a screengrab of the masked children with the VP with the caption: “What’s wrong with this picture?” Many people in the comments took to Twitter to point out the partisan hypocrisy and inherent bias of the comments made by the Republican committee and Ted Cruz of Ms Harris’ legal actions. One user commented on the post saying “Nothing!” and linked the video of DeSantis admonishing the students for performing “Covid theatre”. 