Naomi Osaka has confessed to “stealing” one of the ‘King of Clay’ Rafael Nadal’s tactics ahead of the Madrid Open. It will be the four-time Grand Slam champion’s first clay tournament since an “extremely sad” fiasco at the French Open last year, where Osaka withdrew after facing backlash for refusing to attend press conferences in an attempt to protect her mental health. Osaka is back in action for the first time since becoming the runner-up at the Miami Open, in what was her first final since she won the 2021 Australian Open. She is also set to play her first tournament on a clay court since being forced to withdraw from the French Open last year when the four Grand Slams threatened her with suspension for refusing to attend press conferences. Ahead of her campaign at the Madrid Open, the current world No 36 has been in good spirits and admitted she has been looking to five-time former champion Nadal to improve her form on the surface. "I think I stole one of the things that he did and I've been practising it recently," she admitted, per France24. "It'll either go really good or really bad. There's like no in between. But I think as I've been doing it, it's been going pretty well.” Explaining why she had been looking to the likes of Nadal for inspiration, Osaka said: “Honestly I've been wanting to watch the really good clay-court players practice because I feel like I'm the type of person that learns really fast if I see it up close and honestly it's a bit of a waste to have all these really good professional tennis players and not watch them." JUST IN: Tsitsipas accused of 'desperate' attempt to hit Alcaraz in Barcelona   Another Spaniard on the ATP Tour that has been proving himself on the clay is Carlos Alcaraz, who recently won the Barcelona Open and cracked the world’s top 10 aged just 18. And Osaka was full of praise for the new world No 9, saying: “I feel like he's genuinely made everyone excited about the ATP and I haven't seen that in a very long time.” Alcaraz made his Masters 1000 debut in Madrid a year ago, winning his first match at Masters level before falling in the second round to Nadal, on what was the young Spaniard’s 18th birthday. Touching on his rapid rise, Osaka continued: “I'm not even really thinking about his age, like every time someone brings up his age, I'm like, 'Oh wow, I forget, that's so cool'. “I think just his game style, just how pumped he is, how I feel like I'm watching him learn with every tournament. I don't know what his ranking was last year here, but I've watched almost every tournament that he's played, the US Open when he played Tsitsipas and just to see the growth I think is really exciting for everyone." DON'T MISSRaducanu tipped to hire 'one of the very best coaches in the sport'Wimbledon Russian ban strongly defended by five countries in statementAlcaraz receives multiple warnings over Nadal comparison - 'Stay away'   The former world No 1 also addressed the debacle at last year’s French Open, admitting it was an “extremely sad” situation for her to experience. "I feel like there are a lot of moments in my career that are like extremely sad for me at the time but I kind of later look back on it and I think to myself, 'Well that really made me grow as a person, and even though I really hated the experience, I'm glad it happened to me'," she confessed. "For me that's one of those moments. I wish it didn't happen, but also I'm glad that it did. I feel like it prepared me for a lot of things that may or may not happen but it's kind of like one of those things you have in your back pocket as experience."   