Tottenham have already begun work on their top 'priority' for the summer with four players reportedly on Antonio Conte's wishlist. Spurs are still in a battle for a top-four finish which may well have huge consequences on their summer transfer activity. They currently sit fourth, level on points with Arsenal, but the Gunners have a game in hand. It could well come down to the north London derby, which is scheduled just days before the end of the season on May 12. Qualifying for next year's Champions League will be the top priority for Conte over the next few weeks. But Fabio Paratici has already reportedly begun work on the Italian's top target for the summer transfer window. According to The Athletic, signing a left-sided centre-back is the main 'priority' this summer. Ben Davies has filled that role this season on a regular basis, but Tottenham are 'ready to pay' for an upgrade on the Wales international. JUST IN: Man Utd candidate Ten Hag has same problems which stopped Spurs move  Two players are said to be of most interest to Paratici with Conte potentially being reunited with a defender from Inter Milan. Alessandro Bastoni built up a strong working relationship with Conte with the 22-year-old regarded as one of the best in the world in his position. But Tottenham would reportedly need to put an offer on the table worth around £50million. Paratici's top target, though, is said to be Josko Gvardiol having impressed with RB Leipzig this season. The Croatia international has played a pivotal role in helping Leipzig move back into the top four with a host of clubs across Europe keeping track of his progress. However, the report claims Tottenham will need to fork out a 'club-record fee' to tempt Leipzig into selling this summer. DON'T MISS  Further down on Tottenham's list is Newcastle target Sven Botman with the defender being open to a move to the Premier League. He would likely come in cheaper than Tottenham's top two options, but they won't be alone in trying to sign the centre-back this summer. Last on Tottenham's reported list is Nico Schlotterbeck, who has been integral to Freiburg's charge up the table this campaign. Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund are also said to be interested in the highly-rated 22-year-old. Schlotterbeck recently broke into Hansi Flick's Germany team, making his senior international debut during last month's break.