The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee year celebrates her historic 70-year reign, with a long weekend of celebrations in early June. The Platinum Jubilee Cookbook, to be released on Thursday, described the importance of food as “equally essential to our country's diplomatic relations”. The cookbook, drawing in part from the experiences of the Royal Family on official tours across the world, comes as the Firm attracts criticism for its Jubilee tours across the Commonwealth. In the foreword, the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall describe British cuisine at the Queen’s accession to the throne, less than a decade after the end of World War II. The future king and Camilla described this period seven decades ago, when “the culinary outlook in the United Kingdom was bleak”. During this time, “several foods were still rationed and the meagre choice of ingredients on offer posed a challenge to even the most creative cook”. They added, with a humorous touch, that the “only option for a takeaway was the ever-faithful fish and chips; and olive oil was sold in small bottles by chemists, for medical rather than culinary use”. Compared to a Britain where “meals from other parts of the world were almost unheard of”, they say that in 2022, “our tastes have been transformed”. They wrote: “More than ever before we welcome one another's culinary heritage into our homes – and, for this, we are deeply grateful." They continued: "What has not changed is the profound, almost spiritual, significance of breaking bread with others, be they family, friends or strangers. READ MORE: Meghan 'pushes Harry away' after televised kiss “A shared meal has always been a path to building relationships and resolving differences. “While we all know this instinctively to be true in our daily lives, this book reveals that food is equally essential to our country's diplomatic relations.” The royal couple then more overtly referenced Royal Family overseas tours, with inspiration for “authentically local” dishes coming from their “network of diplomatic posts” which combine “British and local influences”. They added: "What shines through is a sense of the excitement and pleasure that our diplomats have experienced from discovering a local cuisine and, through it, a new country and people. DON'T MISS: Royal Family 'crimes' blasted as Sophie and Edward under pressure [REPORT] Royal Family LIVE: William 'furious' at Meghan and Harry [LIVE] Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? [VOTE] “It is, we think, also a fitting tribute to those Residence Chefs and Managers who are often unsung heroes and heroines – as important as ambassadors for our country as are our diplomats." During royal tours abroad, it is often customary for the senior royals to sample the best of local delights, as Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall referenced. They said: "On all Royal Visits, food plays an important part, presenting opportunities to enjoy a taste of the host nation's culinary heritage, while also offering a chance to share the best of British cuisine. "We recognize some of the dishes here, from the British-Malaysian fusion Rendang Beef Wellington we enjoyed in Kuala Lumpur, through to the utterly delicious, whisky bread and butter pudding we enjoyed in Washington." Food will “no doubt play a central part in our public and private celebrations” of the Queen’s seventieth year as monarch, they finished by commenting. In a message of unity, they described the power of food to bring people together “as a nation, in the Realms, and across the Commonwealth”. This comes as the Queen’s youngest son, Prince Edward, and his wife, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, face backlash to their royal visit across the Caribbean as part of the Jubilee celebrations. The Earl and Countess of Wessex have embarked on a week-long tour of St Lucia, St Vincent and the Grenadines and Antigua and Barbuda, following on from a similar trip made by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge last month. Ahead of visiting their final stop of Antigua and Barbuda, the call heard in a number of Caribbean islands for the Royal Family to more openly address the legacy of slavery was directed towards the Earl and Countess. Their planned trip to Grenada was also cancelled last-minute after discussions with the island’s government, Buckingham Palace said last week. The controversial trip by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas in March attracted vocal protests, with the royals axing a planned trip in Belize due to opposition from local residents. The tour also fuelled rumblings of votes across the Caribbean to remove the Queen as head of state in the Commonwealth countries, after Barbados became a republic in November last year.