The Antiques Road Trip star has been a fan favourite since her first appearance on the show several years ago. Roo, who runs Kilcreggan Antiques, in Scotland, with her husband Mark, recently opened up about when the BBC show's bosses first contacted her. She admitted she thought the size of her shop would be a problem for the camera crew. The expert discussed her penchant for antiques during a recent episode of the podcast Things I Forgot Were Good For Me. "I have always loved history and the past and undiscovered things but ironically enough me and my husband were very much in the corporate world," she explained. Up until about eight years ago, they owned a call centre on the Isle of Man where they travelled around for business and were "very much in the rat race". Tragically both of their fathers died within about three weeks of each other eight years ago which Roo described as the worst time of her life.  READ MORE: Blue Bloods' Abigail Hawk left in hysterics at season 13 renewal video Their deaths made the couple decide to walk away from the corporate world and they moved in with Roo's mother for the best part of six months while they were trying to find their feet again. Unsure of how to pay the bills as the months went by, Roo and her husband had a surplus of antiques from the Victorian home they shared together. With a passion for antiques and auctions, they decided to start selling some of their treasures online. "Long story short, we did that and it was very successful and things were going out to Russia, China and Australia," she explained.  "We then opened up a little shipping container shop in our village and opened up our first little antique shop." Reflecting on being hesitant about setting up the shop, she said: "As an Asian, we don't really do antiques in our culture, it's an odd thing to say but in Asian culture, if something is old it is not worth keeping." Later down the line in 2015 Antiques Road Trip contacted Roo and Mark and asked if they could visit their shop. However, she revealed: "I said, 'I warn you, it is tiny,' but they said, 'No, no, we are always looking for new places.' DON'T MISS...Bargain Hunt’s Roo Irvine recalls father’s sudden death [INTERVIEW]Antiques Road Trip expert Irita Marriott 'over the moon’ with profit [LATEST]Antiques Road Trip expert stunned as jewellery box doubles in profit [MUST SEE] "A few months later they asked if they could put me forward to become an expert. "So after the five minutes of TV time, I guess I am still here five years later. "It's one of the stories from the darkest day of your life a whole new adventure starts and I guess it goes to prove you don't know what life or that day has in store for you. "Just when you think you are heading down a path it will take you down a completely different one." 