Michael Elliott, 70, was caught by Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) in a small, off-road lot outside his local One Stop shop in Newhaven, East Sussex. He left his car with its bonnet facing the kerb outside the row of shops in the car park, which mainly consists of private parking bays. The retired motor mechanic received a fixed penalty notice from a private firm in the post. He said he appealed the fine, but was unsuccessful, however is undeterred and plans to fight further. The notice, which he has not paid, says he parked without permission from 9:55:44 to 9:57:09 on March 8 this year. Mr Elliott said: ‘I feel as sick as a parrot to have been fined for 85 seconds. READ MORE: Drivers warned as holding up traffic could lead to massive £5,000 fine “It’s money-grabbing and it’s a large part of my monthly pension. “I was debating whether to pay it or not, they threaten you with all kinds of action and make you feel like you have to pay. “The letter is basically an invoice, it’s vicious. “Although the car park belongs to a row of shops I was not in one of the bays, I was on the road, which means it’s not in the jurisdiction of the parking company, it’s a police matter,” he told Metro. DON'T MISSFurious driver fined £170 for parking in their own car park [SHOCKING]New EU driving rule could cost up to £2500 if broken [WARNING]Petrol and diesel drivers to be charged daily in new proposals [IMPORTANT] The appeal was rejected, as he claims he had to reply within seven days then told he would have to wait up to 35 days for a reply. He said for the sake of 85 seconds, he would see the company in court. The motorist, from Newhaven, entered the shop with his car facing the store in the car park, which has around 20 bays. Signs state that it is private land and parking restrictions apply, with CCTV cameras in operation. This is how the parking management company provided photographic evidence of Mr Elliott’s visit. He claims that the access road through the car park to the shops cannot be categorised as private land. He said he didn't have a parking permit but said he didn't need one because he was on a public road in a public car park, not in a bay. Mr Elliott continued, saying: “The parking bays may well be private, but the actual driveway can never be private because it provides access to the shops. A police officer I know has said it makes no difference. “If you drove in there, blocked another car in and went and did your shopping, it would then become a criminal offence. “Also, if you look at their instructions you must park in a visitor parking bay, but there were no markings near where I was parked showing where the visitor parking bays are. I did block in a parked car but it was in my sight at all times, I was only inside the shop for about 20 seconds.” He cannot appeal any further to the company, so has gone to an ombudsman, who he said he is already in touch with. Express.co.uk have contacted One Stop for a comment.