Morrisons is the latest supermarket to announce it has slashed prices on up to 500 items, including grocery staples. The move comes as shoppers turn to cheaper alternatives amid the rising cost of living, such as own-brand products. As the cost of groceries continues to rise, with prices 5.2 percent higher than a year ago, according to data analytics Kantar, some supermarkets are doing what they can to help families across Britain. Morrisons has cut the prices of hundreds of products, including eggs, beef, and nappies. It has also slashed the costs of refrigerated, frozen, and store cupboard foods. The prices of meat and cereal products have been lowered too. READ MORE: What happened to 'just Harry'!? Royal fans left fuming at Meghan's introduction The decrease of prices account for around six percent of Morrisons’ total volume of sales. The supermarket’s chief executive, David Potts, said the price drop would make a noticeable difference to shoppers’ wallets. He said: “We know that our customers are under real financial pressure at the moment and we want to play our part in helping them when it comes to the cost of grocery shopping. “These price cuts will have a noticeable and long-term impact on our customers’ budgets and demonstrate our commitment to offering them the best possible value.” DON'T MISS: Prince Harry states America is home 'for the time being' [INSIGHT] 'It rankles people!' Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed Sussexes travel [TV] Meghan speech shows 'astonishing differences' with Prince Harry [EXPERT] Some changes to the prices of products include a 30-pack of own-brand eggs selling for £2.99 instead of £3.40, and a pack of paracetamol costing 29p instead of 65p. Customers can also buy a 430g pack of Morrisons British diced beef for £3.59 instead of £3.99. Additionally, a 33-pack of Nutmeg-brand nappies are priced at £1.29 instead of £1.40. Morrisons is also offering new promotions for its customers, such as buy two for £1.80 on cereals, buy two for £3 on breaded chicken, and buy two for £5 on ready meals. Along with Asda, Morrisons has been one of the supermarkets hardest hit by shoppers spending less, with sales dropping drastically in recent years. Morrisons has seen sales decrease 11.5 percent in the last three years. The supermarket giant is not the only company helping British families to navigate the cost of living crisis. Earlier this month, Iceland announced that it would be selling all its veg for just 1p. However, the offer only lasted a few days, coming to an end on Thursday, April 14. Richard Walker, managing director at Iceland, said at the time: “Our 1p vegetable sale was so popular at Christmas, especially when so many other supermarkets hike up the prices of their roast ingredients, that we decided this was a no-brainer to run it again this Easter. “If we can help people who are feeling the pinch right now to save a few vital pennies while enjoying the same amazing quality of vegetables, then we’ll have done our job of being the supermarket that shoppers can rely on.” As the supermarket pointed out, it is not the first time Iceland has offered vegetables costing only 1p to customers. The last time was in the run up to Christmas 2021. At the time, the supermarket said it had “blown the competition out of the water” by selling cheaper products than its rivals Aldi and Lidl – even by as much as 18p. However, the only difference was that customers had to buy three packs of veg to be eligible for the discount.