Manchester United have added Ajax winger Antony and Villarreal forward Arnaut Danjuma to their list of summer transfer targets alongside Benfica marksman Darwin Nunez, according to reports. The Red Devils are widely expected to spend heavily in the market over the coming months, with incoming boss Erik ten Hag said to be keen on rebuilding the club's playing squad in advance of next season. Nunez is among Europe's most in-demand young stars and has been heavily linked with a move to United as a result of his stunning form for Benfica since the beginning of the season. It seems as though United are looking to complement the potential signing of Nunez by snapping up at least one high-quality winger, with Danjuma and Antony also on the club's radar ahead of the summer months, according to The Telegraph.It is claimed that United have been keeping track of Danjuma's progress at Villarreal this season and could be tempted to launch a move for his services at the end of the campaign. The 25-year-old, who joined the La Liga heavyweights from Bournemouth last summer, has chipped in with 16 goals in all competitions and has previously been mentioned in connection with Liverpool as a result of his consistently impressive showings in Spain.Meanwhile, Antony has emerged as one of Ajax's most important players since joining the Dutch club from Sao Paulo in the summer of 2020. He is reportedly held in the highest regard by Ten Hag, who is said to believe that he has what it takes to reach the very top in the not-too-distant future. JUST IN: Gary Neville warns Erik ten Hag over two-year wait to claim silverware It remains to be seen if United will be able to snap up either Antony or Danjuma when the bidding opens for both players at the end of the campaign. The Red Devils will also be hoping to push through a move for Nunez or another striker in order to satisfy their need for a different option in attack next season.Ten Hag will be desperate to get things right in his first transfer window in charge of United as he looks to end the club's five-year wait for a major trophy since winning the Europa League back in 2017. However, former England defender Paul Parker has already warned Ten Hag that he could struggle to attract Europe's biggest stars due to the immense pressure that comes with playing for a club like United. "If you go out and buy one great player, he’s not going to come to Manchester United because he knows it’s going to be too much pressure put on him," Parker recently told The Sun."So United is about to try to get quality players to come to them, because they know if they go there expectations are going to be too much."As much as they want to play for Manchester United and put themselves in that position, there’s only so much you want to put on yourself, because you don’t really want the Harry Maguire treatment, do you?” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here