Each week, audiences are welcomed into the couple’s East London living room to witness their reactions to recent TV events and now, Gogglebox’s Marcus and Mica have shared a little more of their personal life by posting their latest family photo on social media. Mica Ven took to Instagram to share a recent snap including their rarely-seen children. The hairstylist posted the image on Tuesday and captioned it: “Mama changed the family whatsapp group display pic.. don’t you just love a family whatsapp group? “(Even though all my group chats are on mute. Only joking… am I?)” She added: “Love my little family.“ The television personality followed the caption with laughing emoji symbols and red heart symbols. The couple and their blended family were all smiling for the camera. READ MORE: Rachel Riley on struggle as she's bombarded with 'disgusting' messages Mica and her long-term partner Marcus Luther were snapped posing with the former's two daughters. Marcus’ son Shiloh and Mica’s son, Yash, who were also pictured smiling in the image, haven’t appeared on Gogglebox. Mica’s daughters from a previous relationship, Sachelle and Shuggy, did appear in previous seasons of the show. They decided not to return for the latest series. The Gogglebox duo joined the popular Channel 4 show in 2018. Their fans were delighted by the social media update. They were quick to leave comments complimenting their family. One social media user commented: “What a beautiful family”. DON'T MISS: Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [LATEST]Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [NEWS]Jane Fonda, 84, showcases ageless beauty in princess-style gown [PICTURES] Another said: “Wonderful pic and a epic family” (sic). A few people commented with red heart symbols too. Following the Oscars altercation where Will Smith slapped Chris Rock following his jokes aimed at the former's wife, Jada Pinkett Smith, Mica revealed that she too has struggled with alopecia. While viewing the now infamous clip of the incident, Marcus and Mica opened up about the medical condition. Mica said: “I don't really think it was worth the slap.” It was Marcus who mentioned that he understood how Will must have felt. He said: “I've seen how you feel about your alopecia at times.”