American actor and stand-up comedian Gilbert Gottfriend has died following a long illness. The star, who did the voiceover for the role of the parrot Lago in Disney's 1992 hit film Aladdin, passed away aged 67. In a statement made in view of the star's 428,500 followers, the comedian's family relayed the devastating news. They wrote: "We are heartbroken to announce the passing of our beloved Gilbert Gottfriend after a long illness. "In addition to being the most iconic voice in comedy, Gilbert was a wonderful husband, brother, friend and father to his two young children. "Although today is a sad day for all of us, please keep laughing as loud as possible in Gilbert's honour. "Love, the Gottfried family," the statement ended."  "Love, the Gottfried family," the statement ended." Following the tragic news, tributes started to pour in for the celebrated comedian. Twitter user @HskrsStarsBucs wrote: "Loved him in Problem Child. John Ritter and him are together again." @BossSergal penned: "I am devastated and my day is ruined. Condolences to his family."  "Thank you Gilbert for making the Stern Show the best it ever was in 90's with your visits," @not_retired commented. @BillyM2k added: "Rest In Peace, will always be a legend of comedy." The star is best known for his exaggerated shrill voice and crude humour. Gottfriend featured as the voice of parrot Lago on Disney's Aladdin films and TV shows. DON'T MISS... Amanda Owen supported by Matt Baker over 'hard work' update from farm [INSIGHT]Rihanna to 'redefine what's considered decent for pregnant women' [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan 'struggling' on how Boris Johnson can survive after fine [UPDATE] He went on to voice other characters including Kraang Subprime in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. In 1984, he landed his first role as a paramedic on comedy, The House of God. From there, he went on feature in Beverly Hills Cop II, Thumbelina, Dr. Dolittle and Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events, among many others. The star was also a frequent guest on Howard Stern's radio show where he would impersonate celebrities. Gottfried's death comes three months after the passing of his friend and fellow comedian, Full House star Bob Saget. At the time, the Aladdin star paid tribute to his friend in an interview on Dax Holt and Adam Glyn's podcast Hollywood Raw. Speaking about his last conversation with the funnyman, Gottfried said: "It was like he was looking forward to going back on the road,” “Same guy. Always cracking jokes. The minute any one of us started talking seriously, we’d come in with a totally bad taste joke," he added.