Gemma Atkinson, 37, has been with fiancé Gorka Marquez, 31 since they met on Strictly Come Dancing in 2017. The actress has taken to Instagram to share a public message to her fiancé, expressing how much she is "missing" him while he is away on tour. Gemma shared a cute picture of the couple together smiling in view of her 1.7 million Instagram followers. She captioned the post: "Missing Gorks at home these spring nights. "He left for the tour the day we landed back from Tenerife so it’s been facetime with a cuppa the last two weeks." She continued: "Mia asked yesterday if she could walk to London to see him. READ MORE: Michael Bublé says he and wife almost ended their marriage "Excited to see the show next weekend but more excited to see him mid-week, just for 2 days mind then I need my space @gorka_marquez." (sic) Many social media users took to the post's comments to compliment the loving couple and sympathise with Gemma. Roslynhyp74_greenz said: "Aww she wanted to walk to London, bless her, just the cutest. "If only she knew the mileage!!" (sic) Katiel.kaye added: "My hubby tours. It’s hard going but makes those moments together extra special. "Not sure how you do it with Mia in the mix…" Darkins775 commented: "Make the most of your time together next week. Ahh Mia missing her papa." (sic) Gemma took to Instagram yesterday morning in a video as she joked about how her "camel toe bagged" fiancé Gorka. DON'T MISS... James Martin shut down marriage plans with girlfriend [RELATIONSHIP] Jeremy Clarkson says Amber Heard wanted Top Gear stint in bid for fame [COMMENT] Amanda Holden, 51, hasn't aged since unearthed underwear photoshoot [PICS] The former Hollyoaks actress filmed herself dancing to Janet Jackson’s Rhythm Nation. Gemma gave Janet’s iconic choreography her best attempt and couldn’t help but poke fun at herself. She wrote: "It was these moves, facials and camel toe that bagged me Gorka. He couldn’t resist!" In a follow-up clip, Gemma told fans she had to turn her music off because it was distracting her away from the workout. She said: "I’ve had to turn the music off, I can’t train with it on. "I’m not getting anything done, no, train in silence to get the work done!" The couple confirmed their relationship after months of speculation and welcomed Mia in July 2019. Gorka popped the question on Valentine’s Day in 2021 but the couple are yet to wed.