And when the system is in place it is intended to stem the ever-increasing flow of migrants crossing the Channel in dangerously unseaworthy little boats and destroy the trade of the people-traffickers who make a fortune from them. In this way it is intended to be a lifesaving project. If people are fleeing persecution, we will still try to help them. But it does appear that some are young single men, possibly economic migrants rather than fearing for their lives. I live in Kent, one of the key landing points for the boat people. And we are noticing the growing numbers. They are put into hotels, we feed them, we look after them. But it is a costly process taking a very long time for their asylum claims to be processed. It’s time for a new approach. There must be stringent safeguards, and families should not be separated, nor women and children sent abroad. But the Rwanda plan is our best hope. -------------- Every time I broach this subject my colleagues get very annoyed, which to me is a wonderful sight. Nothing like winding the old hacks up. The subject, of course, is Harry and Meghan. It’s delightful that the Queen has invited them back to the Palace to make an appearance on the balcony. The speech that they both made at the Invictus Games was amazing, too. For some strange reason a lot of people in this country seem to want to pick on them and vilify them. They are a young couple who are trying to do their best in very difficult circumstances. Harry is to be greatly admired: he is a man who served his country in the Armed Forces which is not something most of us do. He is a man who was brought up in the glare of publicity, and whose vibrant and loving mother was tragically killed, which must have made him develop a tough side. Some people want to call him names because he is prepared to stand up for himself but he is a great example to young people and a great credit to this nation. --------------- The way Boris handled the birthday cake controversy and his fine last week was sensibly deeply apologetic but positive. There are lots of new initiatives on the horizon and the PM is always eager to look forward. So it’s cheering some of his allies are predicting he’ll lead the Tories into the next election. This in spite of the continued harassment by opposition parties about Partygate. Mind you, Boris hasn’t been helped by some of his own backbenchers. Still, we’re lucky not to be run by the lefties who sit opposite the Government shaking their heads and moaning... but coming up with no alternative suggestions. -------------- I was approached by somebody the other day who started the conversation by saying, “It must be really great to be famous”. I’m not quite a household name and I’m not sure what famous actually is, but I suppose I started doing something which I enjoyed 50 years ago and I’ve been lucky enough not to stop. But why do so many people see being famous as an end in itself and flock to take part in the ever-increasing “reality” TV shows? Having your face on TV or in newspapers and having people call out at you in the street for nothing more than being recognisable is not something that should really be encouraged. The oncologist who is keeping me alive is saluted in his own field for his knowledge and work, but won’t be accosted in the street or followed on Twitter by eager fans, unlike those queuing up to appear on Love Island – or even worse, Naked Attraction. We need many more doctors and nurses – and a lot fewer celebrities. -------------- India is remaining neutral over the problems that the world faces with Russia. So now the so-called biggest democracy in the world is placating one of the nastiest dictators ever. I know Boris has just been over there posing with a turban and trying to fix a trade deal “by Diwali”. He’s also trying to change the rules so India can import more UK military hardware from Britain. But the fact is, India buys a lot of arms from Russia. So Boris needs a carrot and stick approach to persuade India’s leader Narendra Modi that it’s ultimately in his country’s interests, as a nuclear power, to back the UK and other Western countries in condemning Putin’s illegal invasion – knowing how unpredictable the Russian is, forever hinting at a nuclear option if things go against him. -------------- I’m sitting in Barts Hospital waiting for my regular scan and witnessing an event that seems to happen all too often. One of the oncologists, who is obviously working as hard as they can to save people’s lives, protect families from pain and give people some hope for the future has just been insulted by some lowlife wearing a baseball cap the wrong way around simply because they’ve had to wait a little longer than they wanted to. Seeing people behaving like this to someone who’s doing their best for you, under very difficult circumstances, annoys me more than you can imagine. Personally, I wouldn’t have the patience to do what the doctors and nurses do – smile politely, apologise profusely and carry on. I probably would have had a Will Smith moment. Yes, I know that would have been entirely the wrong thing to do, but honestly, when people are trying to help and do their best and there are idiots behaving in this aggressively appalling manner, there should be some kind of deterrent. At least send them to the back of the queue, make them wait a few more days and they might just learn their lesson. -------------- Events are moving fast as far as the WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is concerned. The request of the United States for his extradition has been referred for a final decision to Home Secretary Priti Patel. However, he is still likely to appeal to the High Court if she approves his removal. But am I the only one who doesn’t understand all the angst by the lefty luvvies who seem to think he’s some kind of hero? What kind of a hero would have claimed asylum in the Ecuador embassy for years to avoid extradition if he was a man to be admired? Releasing some of the information he did in 2010 and 2011 about the Iraq and Afghanistan wars is said to have put people’s lives in danger. If this is true surely he needs to be investigated thoroughly. Assange is currently languishing, at our expense, in Belmarsh Jail. Why have we spent so much money on this one man who seems to have found it was his life’s ambition to stir things up?