 Camilla Tominey was one of the famous faces welcomed onto Celebrity Mastermind on Saturday night. The journalist went head to head with Jeremy Edwards, Sonali Shah and Dave Rowntree on the BBC quiz show in a bid to win money for charity. However, while speaking about her career on the programme, Camilla took the opportunity to set the record straight regarding her own personal views on the royal family.    Celebrity Mastermind host Clive Myrie introduced Camilla onto the BBC quiz show and chatted to her about her journalism career. He said: “So Camilla, royal commentator, broadcaster and you’ve been involved in reporting some of the big royal events of recent years. “I just wonder though, have you got to be posh to be a royal correspondent?” Clive questioned. Camilla replied: “Well now, Clive, I know I’m called Camilla…” READ MORE: Pensioner insists she's not hard up on £12K a year 'I'm happy'    “I mean, I didn’t want to say,” Clive laughed, as the journalist explained herself. Camilla continued: “There’s an automatic assumption isn’t there that I have a pony and sort of go around in wellies? “Actually it’s not quite like that,” she revealed. However, the journalist confessed: “I sometimes think that I was only asked to cover the royals initially because I was called Camilla.   “I often say I’m not a royalist, I’m a realist. In the fact that, as long as they’re around then people will want to read stories about them,” she explained. Keen to know more, Clive said: “Okay, give me a royal secret that we don’t know about. “Mastermind viewers would love to know,” he added. Camilla replied: “I think it’s interesting that people think that the royals require you to sort of bow and scrape, and curtsy. DON'T MISS...Andi Peters admits to ‘argue’ with ITV lawyers over banned phrase [MUST SEE]A Place in the Sun buyer slams counter offer in ‘tense’ negotiations [WATCH]Jane McDonald falls into the sea while paddleboarding [UPDATE]  “Actually, you’re often said to do that if you’re at a royal event, but it’s not really coming from the royals themselves. “They just take people as they come because a little bit like being in this chair, people are rabbits in headlights when they meet the royals, particularly the Queen. “What do you say? Suddenly people are totally starstruck and sort of silenced,” she explained. “Very interesting,” Clive remarked, before moving forward with the quiz.    Camilla’s specialist subject was the Back To The Future films and she got off to a great start in the quiz ending round one in first place. However, as the show came to a conclusion, the journalist ended up in third place with a total of 17 points. She finished close behind Jeremy and Dave who each scored a total of 18 points. Celebrity Mastermind airs Saturdays at 6:35pm on BBC One. 