Emma Tough from West Lothian in Scotland was distraught to discover what had happened to her car after she returned from a restaurant. The nurse is now having to cycle to and from work because her Vauxhall Corsa is no longer fit to drive.    Ms Tough explained: “We were at a local restaurant La Vita’s and parked the car just opposite the church at Mid Calder before our meal. "My boyfriend Findlay and I had a few drinks with our food so we decided to leave the car and come collect it the following day. “We returned about 1pm the following day and noticed the ground was stained but at that point we couldn’t smell the petrol so we got into the car and I was suddenly aware that I had no fuel, when I should have had five bars left. “Findlay was saying that I might have a fuel leak so I got out the car and you could see it dripping from underneath.” READ MORE: Driver fined £200 after calling French traffic warden ‘immigrant’ "I drove back to East Calder and was so surprised that the garage was even open on Easter Sunday but they had a look at it for me and their diagnostic photos showed a clear hole from a drill,” she told the Daily Record. It’s estimated that the heartless criminals took around £40 worth of petrol from Ms Tough’s tank. She said mechanics at the garage were stunned to see someone stealing petrol in “this day and age”, despite the spiralling price of petrol. They also told her she should not have tried to drive the car, with even the smallest of accidents risking her car "blowing up". DON'T MISS Electric vans are now cheaper to operate than diesel [REVEAL] Man receives parking fine whilst taking wife to Parkinson's class [SHOCKING]Driving in sandals could land motorists with a £5,000 fine [WARNING] Ms Tough is grateful to the garage and says they are fixing her car for just over £300 - with the estimated bill from her insurers being much higher. She added: “The mechanics in the garage were as stunned as I was and said this was something that used to happen in the ‘70s and ‘80s, but they couldn’t believe it had happened in this day and age. “The cost of petrol is obviously rising and the most recent time I filled the car up it had cost me around £65 so there was still at least £40 or £50 left worth of petrol in it. “It is so dangerous, that is what the garage are saying to me." She continued: “Even just driving the car up to them was a big risk, if I had hit a bump and released the smallest wee spark it would have blown my car up whilst I was driving it. “I was going to go through my insurance but it was really expensive and it was actually cheaper for me to just get a new petrol tank fitted by the garage but they have been really great with me. “So I am just having to rely on friends or else take my bike to work, I just cannot wait to get my car back now really but I am getting myself set to cycle to work tonight.” A Police Scotland spokesperson said: “Police received a report of the theft of petrol from a car in the Main Street area of Mid Calder, which is believed to have taken place between 6.20pm on Saturday, April 16, and 1pm on Sunday, April 17. Enquiries are at an early stage.” Petrol prices in the UK currently sit at more than £1.61 per litre, a rise of 40p per litre from the same month last year. Filling a tank up is now £22 more expensive for the average family car. A cut in fuel tax of 5p by Chancellor Rishi Sunak in March had little effect on reducing the costs for motorists. One petrol station in Scotland was this week reported to be charging more than £2 per litre for petrol.