Louisa Clein will be joining a whole host of other celebs from different religious backgrounds in BBC Two's Pilgrimage. The soap star featured on Emmerdale on ITV from 2018 until 2019. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about why she left the series. Pilgrimage is now in its fourth season and the series features seven famous faces from different faiths. They will be gearing up for a 1,600km trek to learn about St Columba. Louisa Clein, who is Jewish, will be joined by Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen, Monty Panesar, Nick Hewer, Scarlett Moffatt, Shazia Mirza and Will Bayley. Louisa, a 42-year-old wife and mother-of-three, made her TV debut in the BBC's Judge John Deed. She started playing Maya Stepney in Emmerdale in March 2018. READ MORE: Louisa Clein: Emmerdale’s Maya Stepney star in 'undercover' filming Her character had many emotional storylines, including a breakup with Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson). She also had a fierce rivalry with Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger) and formed a relationship with David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden). Another poignant storyline was when her character groomed David's son, Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant). After the grooming storyline had concluded, it was announced Clein would leave the soap. Her final appearance was on November 19, 2019, and she was never intended to be a permanent fixture on the show. Her character was specifically introduced for the grooming storyline and so her role came to a natural end. The star opened up about how her time on the soap had impacted others going through similar situations. She told Loose Women ahead of her exit: "I'm getting messages from victims. They thought that they were in a relationship with someone, they thought maybe that person was also seeing someone else. "They were seeing a teacher, they were seeing a married man or woman, and they thought it was this loving, emotionally conducive relationship, and it was." DON'T MISS... Emmerdale theory: Priya Sharma murders Belle Dingle in revenge twist [THEORY] Emmerdale theory: Lydia Dingle for affair with Will Taylor [THEORY] Rosie Bentham boyfriend: Is Emmerdale's Gabby Thomas star dating? [INSIGHT] The actress is on Instagram and she has shared some behind the scenes photos from her Pilgrimage trip. She posed for a selfie along with her co-stars out in blustery conditions. She and the other guests travelled by foot, land and sea to discover more about the key figure in early British Christianity. The star spoke to The Oban Times about why she wanted to join the adventure. She said: "I felt that this was a once in a lifetime opportunity to challenge myself physically and to meet some fascinating people from all different faiths and a chance to chat. "It was a privilege to be asked to represent the Jewish faith and selfishly. "A chance to explore what it really means to me to be Jewish." She said it was a challenge to walk around the Scottish Highlands, in comparison to her daily dog walks at home.  Pilgrimage airs on BBC Two on Friday, April 8 at 9pm.