Paulo Dybala's contract is set to expire at the end of the current campaign, leaving clubs across Europe scrambling to secure the signature of the Juventus star. But after renewed links to Arsenal and Tottenham, the north London duo could be outsmarted by Newcastle, who are preparing a big-money move for his services, according to reports.  Arsenal are in dire need of a striker in the summer given that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang departed for Barcelona in January and Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah's contracts are up in the summer. They were linked with new Juventus man Dusan Vlahovic in the winter, although a deal never came to fruition before he joined the 'Old Lady' in a £67million deal. Tottenham are also in need of another striker given Harry Kane's prowess, with his absence almost always resulting in a poor run of results whenever he is unavailable. And with Dybala's contract up at the end of the season, the Argentine could represent superb value for money if the rivals' aims to bolster their squads are met. However, that may have hit a stumbling block with Newcastle ready to offer the Juventus captain a bumper contract, according to Corriere Dello Sport. The publication claims that to date, Arsenal and Newcastle have moved for Dybala's services and have not backed down in their interests. BREAKING: Man Utd begin work on Kalvin Phillips transfer as welcoming present for Erik ten Hag  Newcastle's new found riches would give them a huge helping hand in the race to sign Dybala as they could tempt the Argentine into a move to Tyneside via an offer he couldn't refuse. But the report states that despite their interest, he is not fully convinced - and could move to AC Milan instead. Newcastle would likely be looking for an improvement on Chris Wood, who joined for £25m in the winter from Burnley. Dybala, 28, joined Juventus in 2015 from Palermo after impressing at the Sicilian side. The Argentine started his career in Turin superbly, registering 52 goals in just 98 Serie A games for the Bianconeri in the first three seasons of his tenure. READ MOREErik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new managerThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossMan Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool battle past Benfica  Yet following the arrival of Cristiano Ronaldo he struggled to produce the same output, and has scored just 28 league goals in the four years since. Currently behind Alvaro Morata and Dusan Vlahovic in the pecking order, the Laguna Largs-born attacker has scored just three times since the turn of the year due to injuries. However, he would be a superb addition for either of the interested English trio should he join in the summer. 