Lewis Hamilton explained it was nice to be back up near the front after realising the team was further behind their rivals on Friday. However, Mercedes still find themselves around a second off the pace of Ferrari and Red Bull in a massive blow to their title hopes. Hamilton said: “We worked hard throughout the night, everyone back at the factory was working hard to try and figure out where we could go with the set-up. I think we extracted the most from the car today. I feel like my lap there was a little bit more in the car. “That’s a positive, I'm naturally also gutted. I wasn't able to extract that little bit. When you push that car just a little bit more she’s quite spiteful. She’s like a viper or a rattlesnake. We just have to try and find a level of the bouncing as hardcore as we can go without rattling our brains out of our skulls." READ MORE: Lando Norris mocks George Russell with Mercedes star 'annoyed' at F1 Hamilton’s team-mate George Russell will line up directly behind after setting a lap one-tenth slower. Mercedes have improved throughout the weekend after struggling in Friday practice. The team were unable to consistently get inside the top 10 yesterday but improved in FP3 and again in qualifying. Russell also claimed his car was difficult to drive but suggested the team were slowly working on ways to deal with the issues. He said: “​​It was a hustle out there. I mean it is tricky out there, we were aggressive with the set up and 13 out of the 14 corners are pretty fast. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton told he 'should have retired' as bleak prediction made [COMMENT]Button on row with Hamilton: 'Being weird' [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton hit out at 'biased' F1 officials [INSIGHT]   "Approaching that high-speed corner, I think I was four-tenths slower than Norris. It is tricky, we are trying to figure out the best compromise. "It is teams like McLaren and Red Bull who don't have any porpoising, that is where we want to be." There was confusion among the two Mercedes drivers at the start of Q3 with Russell complaining about Hamilton over the team radio. An angry Russell claimed Hamilton was going too slow at one stage. He said: “Lewis is going very slow. Tell Lewis to speed up.” At one stage Mercedes engineers even warned the pair were unsafe on time, meaning they were unsure they would get a lap in before the end of the session.