The Wanted fans have lined the streets today for the funeral of Tom Parker. Tom’s loved ones, including his wife Kelsey, gathered to say goodbye to The Wanted star today in Petts Wood, London, as he made his way to St Francis of Assisi church in a horse-drawn carriage before being carried by his bandmates Max George, Jay McGuinness, Siva Kaneswaran and Nathan Sykes inside the chapel for the funeral service. His partner, Kelsey Hardwick, had welcomed fans to join on his final journey to the church, sharing the address for mourners to attend from 10am. Screens were outside so they could also watch the emotional ceremony. Tom's widow Kelsey could be seen following a horse-drawn hearse through Orpington as they made their way toward the funeral service at St Francis of Assisi church. The carriage was being led by black horses and white flowers could be seen adorning the back. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fires back as Laurence Fox brands him ‘chubby slug’ Tom's The Wanted bandmates Max, Jay, Siva, and Nathan, were in attendance and looked solemn as they carried the coffin inside the chapel while the Oasis song Champagne Supernova played. Dozens of the Tom's fans had turned out to line the streets and say a last goodbye to the talent singer, husband and father. Kelsey said in an earlier statement: "Thomas Anthony Parker. There will be a private celebration of life on Wednesday 20th April. “We know many of you would like to pay your respects as well, so would love for you to join us in Petts Wood from 10am.  “It would be beautiful to have everyone line the route as we head to our private service. “You are then welcome to join us outside the church for the duration where the service will be relayed on screens," she added. The much-loved boy band member died last month aged 33 from a brain tumour called glioblastoma after being diagnosed in October 2020. Tom's The Wanted bandmates had previously paid tribute following the devastating news of his death last month. Strictly Come Dancing star Max told how he had been left "heartbroken" over the loss. DON'T MISS...'Heartbroken' Helen Mirren breaks silence after Rio Hackford's death [UPDATE]Ruth Langsford causes stir with savage 'ancient' jab at Eamonn Holmes [INSIGHT]'Sickening' Gary Lineker reignites row with 'bullying’ Richard Madeley [ANALYSIS] He wrote: "The huge hole now left in my life will forever be there, but I know your spirit will live on through your two beautiful babies, your wonderful wife, our music, your fans and in my heart." Their fellow bandmate and Strictly champion Jay also penned a moving tribute to "fearless" Tom and said he was “so loved”. “I can’t believe that it’s all memories now, every single memory now is priceless," he penned. Tom was diagnosed with the grade four tumour in October 2020, and was told it was inoperable. The diagnosis came after he suffered a seizure and was put on a waiting list for an MRI scan. While on holiday with his family, Tom suffered another seizure was rushed to hospital to undergo tests. He was then told the sad news, which doctors described as “the worst case scenario” before undergoing several rounds of chemotherapy and 30 radiotherapy sessions. Tom told fans he had responded well to treatment, explaining the size of the tumour had “significantly reduced" and by November confirmed it was "stable." His wife Kelsey announced the devastating news that Tom had died on March 30 surrounded by family. She wrote: "Our hearts are broken. Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. "We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children." "Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end," she ended her post.