The US President is not a stranger to making gaffes during speeches, and it has become a habit of his audience to sit on the edge of their seats and wait for a slip up to be made. The 46th President welcomed the team to the White House to celebrate their back-to-back Stanley Cup championship victories.  During his speech, Mr Biden said: “I want to thank Commissioner Gary Batman and – for being here as well.” The Commissioner of the National Hockey League is Gary Bettman and the gaffe caused some of the players behind the POTUS to smirk and laugh with each other. Swedish-born Tampa Bay Lightning defenceman Victor Hedman, who is classed as one of the best NHL players after winning the Norris Trophy, Conn Smythe Trophy, and back-to-back Stanley Cups, appeared to lose composure as he giggled with his teammates. The President continued his speech by saying: “And at the risk of stating the obvious here, it’s a pretty good time to be a sports fan in Tampa.   “I don’t know what the hell you have in the water down there but … the Buccaneers won the Super Bowl, the Rays won the pennant, and these guys behind me became back-to-back Stanley Cup Champions.” Mr Biden said it was an “honour” to welcome the players to Washington and tweeted: “With their victory last season, the Tampa Bay Lightning joined rare company: One of only eight teams over the last century to win two Stanley Cups in a row. “It was great to welcome the back-to-back champions to the White House today.” READ MORE: Putin 'paralysed with fear' as 2000 disaster changed approach forever People have taken to Twitter to mock the 79-year-old President’s blunder once again, with one user calling him “senile” with another saying, “If Jill [Biden] cared about the big guy, she’d help him go home. “America deserves better.” One user wrote: “The list of things Joe Biden has perfected. Gaffer: Old Man. Gaffe: A remark causing embarrassment to its originator; a blunder. DON'T MISS:Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? (POLL)Russia's 'only oil pipeline to EU' in flames - 3 countries face crisis (INSIGHT)Prince Harry's 'discomfort' during on-stage kiss with Meghan (ANALYSIS)   “Has anyone told Gary Bettman yet that he’s Batman?” Critics of the President have used his series of blunders, which include him saying his wife was Vice President under Barack Obama’s administration, to doubt his ability to run the White House and question his age and mental capabilities. A poll conducted last month by ABC News and the Washington Post concluded that 54 percent of Americans do not believe Mr Biden has the “mental sharpness it takes to serve effectively as President". 