On Wednesday, Camilla will visit the National Theatre for the first time since becoming royal patron. The Duchess is expected to meet staff and members of the theatre’s community programme. Camilla officially took over the role last month, replacing Meghan Markle, who gave up her royal patronages upon stepping down from her position as a senior royal two years ago. In a press release shared last month, the theatre said: "It is a privilege to welcome the Duchess of Cornwall as the National Theatre’s royal patron. "The Duchess shares our belief that theatre enriches our lives in so many ways and that everyone should have access to the arts and creativity no matter where they are in the world. "The Duchess has shown great support to our industry throughout the pandemic, and I look forward to working with Her Royal Highness for many years to come." Camilla’s role as a working royal has become increasingly important in recent years. JUST IN: Kate Middleton is ‘extremely good influence’ on Prince William: ‘Lucky to marry her’ As well as supporting Prince Charles, she is President or Patron of over 100 charities and organisations, and carries out multiple public engagements both with her husband and on her own. Many have suggested it is her “loyal service” that influenced the Queen’s “sincere wish” for Camilla to become Queen Consort once Charles ascends the throne. Her Majesty made the surprise announcement in her Accession Day statement in February. While Charles has not made his desire for his “darling wife” to become Queen one day known, some argued that Camilla was always likely going to take the role. However, one royal insider believes that there was “no inevitability” about Camilla taking on the title, and that her devotion to the Firm has earned her the honour. Patrick Harrison, who worked in the press office at Clarence House for 14 years, recently told Vanity Fair’s Katie Nicholl: “There was no inevitability about the Duchess becoming Queen Consort. “I’m personally thrilled for her because she has worked so hard and really hasn’t put a foot wrong. “She would say, ‘I do it because I love the boss, it’s my job to be there by his side,’ but she has done so much more than that. DON'T MISS: Meghan 'pushes Harry away' after TV kiss as body language expert exposes dramatic moment [LATEST]Anne Boleyn: Historian staggered by uncovered love letters from Henry VIII – 'So uncanny' [INSIGHT]Royal rift POLL: Should Prince William work to resolve the feud with Prince Harry? [ANALYSIS] He added: “She is absolutely devoted to the Prince of Wales and to the institution and takes her royal role and duties incredibly seriously. “She understands the benefits and the challenges that go with that.” Years of endless speculation surrounding Camilla’s future title was put to rest following the Queen’s declaration. Through her marriage to Charles in 2005, Camilla was technically the Princess of Wales, but amid fears of public backlash over his first wife — Diana, Princess of Wales — Clarence House announced that she would be known as the Duchess of Cornwall, and upon Charles’ accession, Princess Consort. Camilla was vilified in the press following the publication of her relationship with the Prince of Wales. Their love affair was blamed for the breakdown of the prince's marriage to Diana. Diana had famously referred to Camilla as the “third person” in her marriage to Charles in her bombshell BBC interview. Initially, the Queen was also not the Duchess’ biggest fan, who once referred to Camilla as that “wicked woman”. Now, Her Majesty enjoys a close relationship with her daughter-in-law, who shares the monarch’s love of dogs and horses. The Queen’s recent announcement proved how far Camilla has come as a member of the Royal Family, and has not only secured a smooth transition for Charles’ reign but also shown support for the Duchess. Speaking on an episode of Woman’s Hour in February, Camilla said that becoming Queen Consort will be her "great honour". The Duchess also committed to continuing her work for the causes most important to her, including her fight against domestic violence, which she vowed to promote for a “lifetime”.