Rafael Nadal has been told that it could be too “risky” to make his comeback at the Madrid Masters. The world No 4 has been sidelined with a rib injury he picked up in Indian Wells and his former coach and uncle Toni recently confirmed Nadal was targeting the Madrid Open for his return. Nadal has been out of action since picking up a stress fracture in his rib in Indian Wells but is finally back on the practice court and targeting a return at the Madrid Masters, which begins in just over a week, ahead of his campaign for a 14th French Open crown. However, the man dubbed the ‘King of Clay’ has been warned it will be “risky” making his return at the Masters 1000 event. "I think the major decision for Rafa will be go to Madrid or not. This is probably the most difficult part for Rafa because I believe from what we heard and what we saw that he is practising,” retired former world No 2 Alex Corretja told Eurosport. "In a regular situation he might be ready to play Madrid, but is Madrid the perfect place for Rafa to come back?” The two-time French Open finalist questioned whether it was the best preparation for his compatriot with Roland Garros ahead, continuing: "If he's healthy, probably he will go, but I think he will need to think what is best for him in order to be perfect for Roland Garros because [whilst] it would be great if he can be in Madrid and it would be unbelievable if he can be in Rome, he can't hide that his main goal is to be perfect for Paris.” JUST IN: Djokovic confesses he 'loves' losing big matches after recent defeats “And what's the best preparation for Paris? Two tournaments including that one in Madrid or skip and practice and get ready in Rome to see how it goes? And then Paris - only time will tell that.” Weighing up the options for Nadal, Corretja added: “But it's going to be a very tricky decision because skipping Madrid would be a pity for him, but at the same time we know how risky Madrid is from a professional point of view.” Putting the focus firmly on the French Open, where the world No 4 could extend his record to 22 Major titles and 14 in Paris, the retired pro-turned-pundir urged Nadal to keep the Grand Slam as his main priority over winning the likes of Madrid. “Maybe this time he'll go a little bit more relaxed with less expectations and maybe he feels quite OK to do well, but I don't think his goal should be [being] great for Madrid. Madrid should be a transition to be perfect for Roland Garros,” he explained. DON'T MISSWimbledon facing 'sanctions' from WTA amid controversial Russia banRaducanu already has bad Swiatek omens as Brit shuts down comparisonsEmma Raducanu shows signs she can repeat US Open heroics in Stuttgart   "Even if we love Madrid and we love Masters 1000 [events] because they are very important on the tour, at this stage of his [Nadal's] career we cannot lie believing that a Masters 1000 [title] will change his career or his life but another major, I think it will." Nadal had a perfect start to the season, going on a 20 match-winning streak which spanned titles in Melbourne, Acapulco and a record 21st Grand Slam title at the Australian Open. If he is fit enough in time for the French Open, he will likely be the favourite to go on to extend his all-time Major record to 22 titles. 