Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has addressed the ongoing delay in building his dream Cotswolds home at his Diddly Squat farm. The former Top Gear host revealed the project was due to be finished back in May last year, however, because “they are builders” the work is still unfinished and his garden is “full of trenches”. Jeremy mused: “They started building it in the autumn of 2019 and I thought then that it may be a foolish endeavour because how long would I have left to live in it? “The builders said it would all be done by May of 2021, but because they are builders, here we are in the spring of 2022 and the drive's still full of vans and the garden's still full of trenches and I still can't hear myself think because of all the power tools." The Clarkson's Farm star joked that he feared death may come before the renovation is completed. “There's a very real possibility that I'll be like Brunel; dead before the builders realise my dream. Or that I'll have to get them to install some kind of stairlift before they go,” he joked. READ MORE:'Codswallop' Gary Lineker slams claim he owns house with ex-wife The star pondered how much time he has left now he’s a similar age to his late father when he died. He continued: “How much time do we have left and what will we be able to do with it? Those are the questions. And why do these imponderables prey so heavily on our minds? “I guess it's because we struggle to cope with the hope. When we know the end is coming, that hope is replaced by despair and somehow that's always easier. “Maybe that's why people on their death beds are so calm. Or maybe it's the opiates. We don't know the answer to that one either,” he added in his Times column.  Jeremy’s farm Diddly Squat has become a popular tourist destination for those visiting the Cotswolds. However, he has had some run-ins with his neighbours over his plans to renovate another barn at the farm shop in Chadlington, where he plans to build a 60-seat restaurant. At a meeting with concerned local residents last year, the former Top Gear host tried to quell fears over the huge increase in visitors and a potential restaurant, by telling them they had his “absolute sympathy”. "They like to come in and wee on my drive. I am just as keen as all of you to try and manage the situation,” Jeremy said. DONT MISS: GMB’s Alex Beresford announces engagement after romantic proposal (PHOTOS)Laura Tobin on Piers Morgan's gesture while daughter was in hospital (NEWS)Laura Tobin recalls leaning on Susanna Reid for support after backlash (LATEST) Parish councillor Hilary Moore wrote to West Oxfordfordshire District Council and shared: “The roads are clogged with traffic and the whole area is becoming a danger zone with fast cars showing off their speeds." A spokesperson for the police told Gloucestershire Live: "Thames Valley Police does not have any concerns or objection with regards to this current application, provided the building remains in agricultural use. "However, we do have some concerns that if this application has been made in anticipation of a future change of use application, there is some potential for disruption in terms of highway safety and the potential for demand on policing being generated by the site. "Therefore, we encourage the applicant to consult further with Thames Valley Police in the event that the building is considered in the future for commercial use. "To clarify, we do not object to further development to the site. "However, we do need to ensure that any further development does not have a significant detrimental effect to the local community due to the rural location and the traffic management on minor roads in the vicinity. "Given this small site has received significant national attention, there has been a noticeable increase in traffic in the vicinity, which needs to be managed safely, should the development be expanded." Jeremy was blasted by some Chadlington villagers over his Diddly Squat Farm Shop’s rising popularity, as one claimed it had seen a number of “young lads walking about” the local area. The quaint Cotswolds village has seen a significant increase in traffic since the former Top Gear host’s show, Clarkson’s Farm, began airing on Amazon Prime last year, with tourists hoping to spot the farmer. 