In 2021, ITV's biggest talent show was cancelled due to the ongoing restrictions of the coronavirus pandemic, which left many viewers devastated. The decision came after the new Delta variant had arrived in December 2020, and many were beginning to be seriously affected by the virus. Simon Cowell recently opened up about his decision to cut the show for a year and admitted that the decision didn't make him very popular. As the show is set to return on Sunday, April 16, Simon, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon, and David Walliams are all returning, alongside presenting duo Ant and Dec. Touching on what it was like to be returning to the show, he admitted: "There was a lot of energy, and it felt special. "When we did the show with a virtual audience in 2020, I realised how important the atmosphere is. The audience reaction is absolutely crucial," he told Radio Times. He also spoke about what it was like making the decision to cancel the show and said: "I remember reading about the new Delta variant in December 2020, and it was freaking me out. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry "We pulled it at the last minute because it didn’t feel safe. I knew it wasn’t going to make me very popular, but it was the right thing to do." Before the decision to cancel, the show was postponed to a later date, but the circumstances still weren't right, which ended in it being paused for a year. It was the year that Simon Cowell was set to make his comeback to TV after breaking several bones in his back in 2020. Simon broke his back after an electric bike accident, which left him needing six hours of surgery and pulling out of all his commitments. After the accident, he tweeted: "Some good advice… If you buy an electric trail bike, read the manual before you ride it for the first time. "I have broken part of my back. Thank you to everyone for your kind messages, and a massive thank you to all the nurses and doctors. "Some of the nicest people I have ever met. Stay safe, everyone Simon." (sic) He missed the finals of the programme after the accident, and Ashley Banjo stepped into his role on the panel. DON'T MISS...Simon Cowell, 62, unrecognisable at Kids Choice Awards [INSIGHT]Simon Cowell health: Star on his health after 'horror' crash [LATEST]Simon Cowell 'heartbroken' as he reacts to co-star's death [WATCH] Now, the judging legend is reportedly set to remain on ITV's annual talent extravaganza until 2025 alongside his fellow judging panel. A source reportedly told The Mirror: "He is showing no signs of slowing down and is working on lots of American projects too." Simon himself recently told The Sun: "As long as you’re fit, your brain is still good, it’s not boring, and you’ve still got good ideas, why retire? "If I am going to drop dead, I’d like to do it on stage." The return of the series sees a host of loveable dancing dogs, harmonious choirs and a first-ever Phantom Man who left the judges speechless. Jon Courtenay was crowned the BGT 2020 winner after his comedy and singing and, as usual, went on to perform at the Royal Variety Show. The Mirror reported that the latest series will the judges "go out to meet people" in replace of the "golden buzzer" they have had in previous years. Britain's Got Talent returns Saturday, April 16 at 8pm on ITV.