Maryna Beschastna, Ivankiv's deputy mayor, shared grim accounts of how Russian forces have treated women in the small town whose people, 50 miles northwest of the capital Kyiv, have endured 35 days of occupation. She said on ITV: "There was a case in one village, two sisters were raped… girls of 15 and 16… children. "Women were pulled by their hair out of their basements so that they could abuse them. "Girls started cutting their hair short to be less attractive, so no one looks at them anymore." The town of 10,000 was liberated on March 31, more than a month after it fell to Putin's army on February 27, just two days after the start of the full-scale war. The stories coming out of Ivankiv echo the horrors of Bucha, where attacks on civilians by Russian forces do not "look far short of genocide", according to Prime Minister Boris Johnson. After Russia's withdrawal, dozens of people have been found dead in the town, about 15 miles outside of Kyiv, including some in a mass grave. Ukraine LIVE: Czech tanks roll into Ukraine as NATO member Meanwhile, women and children are said to have been brutally raped under the watch of a Russian commander known as the "Butcher of Bucha". Lieutenant Colonel Azatbek Omurbekov, a veteran soldier who was recently blessed by the Orthodox Church, is the commander of the 64th Separate Motorised Rifle Brigade. Identified by InformNapalm, a Ukrainian volunteer initiative that monitors the activities of the Russian military and special services, Omurbekov is accused of orchestrating the rape, pillage and murder of hundreds of Ukrainian civilians. Oleksiy Reznikov, the Ukrainian defence minister, described the behaviour of Putin's troops in Bucha, where 330 to 340 people have been killed according to local media, as "utterly inhuman" and compared them to Nazis. He said: "This is what the SS troops used to do in the past. "This evil simply cannot go unpunished. "Our intelligence is consistently identifying all invaders and killers. All of them! And each killer will at his own time get what he deserves." Other harrowing stories from the war, which has hit the 40-day mark, include that of the man who was killed by soldiers before two Russians repeatedly raped his wife. According to Ukrainian prosecutor general Iryna Venediktova, the alleged crime took place in Brovary, one of the capital's eastern suburbs. She added the victim's child was present throughout. In an address to the United Nations Security Council on Tuesday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky accused Russia of committing the worst war crimes since World War Two. He said that when visiting the "recently liberated" city of Bucha he understood there was "not a single crime that they (Russian forces) would not commit". DON'T MISSTaiwan takeover ‘essential’ to Xi Jinping’s ‘grip on power’ [ANALYSIS]Fearless Ukrainian tank takes on entire Russian convoy outside Kyiv [VIDEO]Map pinpoints Putin's loss of control [MAP] Speaking via video link to a United Nations meeting in New York, he added Russian invaders had "killed entire families, adults and children and they tried to burn the bodies" and accused them of "wide-scale looting". Mr Zelensky claimed: "Civilians were crushed by tanks... they cut off their limbs, slashed their throats. "Women were raped and killed in front of their children. "Their tongues were pulled out only because the aggressor did not like what they heard." Russia denies it has committed war crimes and says claims from Ukraine are manufactured. Mr Johnson, ahead of new sanctions against Moscow being announced, said on Wednesday: "I'm afraid when you look at what's happening in Bucha, the revelations that we are seeing from what Putin has done in Ukraine doesn't look far short of genocide to me. "It is no wonder people are responding in the way that they are. "I have no doubt that the international community, Britain very much in the front rank, will be moving again in lockstep to impose more sanctions and more penalties on Vladimir Putin's regime." The UK Foreign Office unveiled its latest sanctions following the reports of attacks on civilians. They include ending all imports of Russian coal and oil by the end of the year as well as action against strategic industries. Further, another eight oligarchs and Russian banks, including the country's largest, Sberbank, and Credit Bank of Moscow, have been targeted.