As Sunday is the perfect day for relaxing, we recommend putting your feet up, heading over to the Wordle website, and taking your time trying to solve the latest puzzle. Wordle 288 is live for the duration of April 3, and unlike the past few days, it's actually pretty tricky. Fortunately, Express Online is here to help, courtesy of three spoiler-free hints at the bottom of the page. Good luck with Wordle 288 on April 3, you're going to need it. If you've never played Wordle before, the aim of the game is simple. Using the process of elimination, you need to fgure out a five-letter word in six guesses. After making a guess, the letter tiles will change to one of three colours. Paying attention to the colours of the tiles is key to working out the answer in as few guesses as possible. If the tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. If you really want a challenge, Wordle features a hard mode, which bans players from guessing letters that have already been ruled out. It's risky, however, because if you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. Read on for the Wordle 287 hints for April 3... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 287 hints and clues for April 3... 1. Wordle 287 starts with the letter F. 2. Wordle 287 contains one vowel, but it appears twice. 3. Three clues may be too many. Perhaps I should give one less from now on.