Bravo’s hit reality series Below Deck Sailing Yacht returned to screens in February for its third season of yachting entertainment. With viewers only seven episodes in, many of them cringed as they watched Tom Pearson make a dangerous error which led to his dismissal.  British yachtie Tom Pearson was one of the newest recruits to join Captain Glenn Shephard on the charter as a Deckhand. So far, Tom has found himself in the middle of a lot of drama throughout the season. He was involved in a complicated love square with his fellow crew members Gary King, Daisy Kelliher and Ashley Marti. However, things took a turn for the worse when he found himself in rocky waters with Captain Glenn after putting the yacht and its passengers in danger. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... The series took a life-threatening turn when the anchor of the Parsifal III began to drag throughout the charter. During the third charter, Tom was on night watch when the yacht began to drag its anchor due to high winds. Although the crew were able to help out and avoid the impending disaster, Captain Glenn made it clear he had lost all trust in Tom. He also shared he didn’t feel comfortable leaving him in charge during the night watch As it was a problem which could’ve ended in a shipwreck, Captain Glenn sent Tom packing during the most recent episode. At the beginning of the instalment, the deckhand had anticipated this would be the result as he was heard saying: “I think Glenn’s going to fire me.” Viewers took to social media to share their reaction to his dismissal, with many of the fans siding with Captain Glenn. This included @EchoDoesRadio who wrote: “I agree with Glenn. Tom’s defensiveness after the mistake is what’s really adding insult to injury.” DON'T MISS...Below Deck Sailing Yacht newcomer admits to feeling 'part of the team' [INSIGHT]Below Deck fans horrified as Sailing Yacht star suffers gross injury [REACTION]Below Deck's Tom Pearson shares 'juicy bits' of new series [INSIGHT] @NikkiNic9384 added: “Sorry Tom but u didn’t do yourself any favors here. U had a small window of opportunity to try & make it right.” @Jody537LN wrote: “I feel badly that Tom is gone, but agree that he has to go. His mind is not in the right place.” Despite this other fans felt bad the deckhand wasn’t given the opportunity to finish the charter before he was let go. @chasingtheSAM shared: “I feel so bad for Tom like let him finish the charter.”  @steve_yip agreed: “Couldn't they have let Tom finish this last charter? Give him one last tip and not leave the team short handed?” However, Tom has since taken to Instagram to post an apology which read: “I’d like to start with saying I completely 100% take responsibility for what happened that night, I have no excuses and I blame no one but myself. “I would like to apologise to the crew for putting you through that uncomfortable situation and to the guests we had onboard. I really hope you know my apology is sincere and you deserved better from me that night.“ Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available in the US on Bravo and available in the UK on Hayu. 