Dan Walker, 45, ridiculed former footballer Robbie Fowler, 46, at a charity golf event for the EU Legends Tour Celebrity series. The tournament, which was held in Mauritius, saw Robbie narrowly beaten by Boyzone star Keith Duffy by just one point. Dan finished in seventh place, tied with Teddy Sheringham. At a ceremony after the match, Dan gave a speech where he couldn’t help but poke fun at Robbie in the wake of Will Smith's Oscars controversy, after the actor slapped Chris Rock for making a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. He quipped: “Robbie was furiously walking around the golf course trying to find who was ever in charge of the handicap system because he had just found out that he had been cut from six to four. “He was looking to go full Will Smith on somebody. “We got Robbie in the end.” READ MORE:Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show The crowd burst into laughter at Dan’s jibe before Keith chimed in and waved at Robbie’s wife, Kerrie. The Irish singer made further reference to the Oscars, saying: “Oh sorry Kerrie, how are you? Thanks a million Kerrie.” Robbie could be heard in the background yelling: “Keep my wife out of your speech!” Keith laughed and joked: “You are supposed to hit me now, right?” Liverpool legend Robbie clearly found the skit hysterical and he shared a clip to his 329,000 followers. He cheekily captioned the video: “Behind the scenes at the EU Legends Tour Oscars.” The golf tournament saw the stars raise a huge amount of money for their chosen charities. Winner Keith secured a whopping £27,500 for AsIAm, which helps provide support to people with autism. DON'T MISSNaga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress[LATEST]Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row[INSIGHT]Ricky Gervais hits out at 'weird' actors and begs them to 'act normal'[NEWS] Keith’s daughter, Mia, is on the spectrum, and he dedicated his win to her. Speaking after his triumph, the former Coronation Street star said: “I am certainly here supporting a charity that I am very passionate about and have been for 20 years and that’s trying to provide the appropriate intervention and education for children with autism and children on the autism spectrum. “I have a beautiful daughter that is on the spectrum, and we have been working very hard since she was two, she’s now 22 and she’s doing wonderfully well and I am very, very proud of her. “I am going to use this platform now after winning this competition to try and make more awareness and just try and get people to understand a little bit about autism and if everyone in the world just understood a little bit about autism it would make the world a much better place.” Coming in second, Robbie won £17,250 for Liverpool charity Zoe’s Place, and Dan secured £7,750 for The Sheffield Children’s Hospital. While he took part in the competition, Dan took a break from his hosting duties on BBC Breakfast. On Monday night, he explained his absence on Twitter with a snap of himself on a golf course. In the caption he said it was a “treat” to play at the Belle Mare Plage golf course but said he wasn’t confident that he would win the tournament. He told his 752,000 followers: “I’m talking a good game but nine holes in six months (before today) isn’t the best preparation.”