Aston Villa boss Steven Gerrard has delivered personal advice to Harry Kane about the prospect of seeking a transfer out of Tottenham. The former Liverpool skipper was routinely linked with a move away before deciding to stay and has backed Kane if he follows suit at Spurs. "I admire his loyalty to Tottenham and, of course, I’m sure it’s been tempting for him on many occasions to go and take one of those options," Gerrard said. "The Spurs fans should enjoy him and admire the loyalty he’s given them. You can see a guy who is desperate for success with Tottenham and I have a lot of admiration for that. "He might still have the opportunity to achieve a couple of things in his career which might mean more to him with Tottenham than anyone else because of what Tottenham have also given the player. That’s what it boiled down to with me." Kane's future was one of the biggest stories of last summer's transfer window, with the striker at one point demanding he be allowed to leave the club. Manchester City made a move for the England captain, Spurs chairman Daniel Levy stood firm and Kane stayed in London. READ MORE: Arsenal icon Paul Merson likens Tottenham to Ferrari 'without engine' While he endured a difficult time under Nuno Espirito Santo, Kane has still scored 22 goals in all competitions. But with Spurs again failing to challenge for a trophy, suggestions he could again attempt to depart have sprung back up. Aside from loan moves early in his career, Tottenham has been Kane's sole senior permanent club. His time in North London could be coming to an end, though with Antonio Conte now at the helm, talk of Kane leaving could be misguided. And if he does decide to stay, the England skipper would have the full backing of Gerrard, who himself was routinely linked with leaving Liverpool during his playing days. DON'T MISS: Arsenal and Tottenham blow as Newcastle prepare big Paulo Dybala swoop (TRANSFERS)Tottenham keen on Eriksen reunion as Brentford ‘prepare new offer' (NEWS)Tottenham 'ready to pay' for top priority with four options on list (INSIGHT) "The decision was, yes I could go to three or four teams in a foreign country or a couple domestically who maybe have a better chance of winning," he added. "But winning something with your team, the one you love and the supporters you love, I think that will mean more to him for the rest of his life than a short-term fix." Gerrard is preparing his Villa team to face Kane this weekend, and has hailed the Spurs star as being "world class". The Villa boss said: "He’s world class. We need to make sure we’re very diligent and set up right to control him. He’s one of very few players on the planet that when he’s at it, he’s unstoppable."