The Duchess of Sussex, who is launching the maiden series in her Spotify podcast, made an application to the United States Patent and Trademark Office last month. This trademark application covers the use of the word "archetypes", which traces its roots back to ancient Greece and first entered into England usage in the 1540s. Archewell Audio, one of 11 companies established by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, made the application, and would mean they own the trademark rather than Spotify, which paid them a reported £18million in 2020 as a part of the Sussex's Spotify deal. But Daily Mail Diary Editor Richard Eden warned on Twitter: "The Duchess of Sussex's latest legal move is likely to raise eyebrows.” In an article for the newspaper, the royal expert claimed: "Meghan could face a legal challenge from companies that use the word in their names, such as the skincare and cleaning products business Archetypes, which has already established a trademark. "Victoria Beckham fought a similar linguistic battle in 2002. "The former pop singer known as Posh Spice tried to prevent the Championship football team Peterborough United from trademarking their club's nickname 'Posh', arguing that the word was 'inexorably associated' with her." Meghan's attempt to trademark the word comes after the Archewell foundation announced the couple's Spotify podcast would finally debut this summer. 'Archetypes' will be hosted by the Duchess, with the podcast seeing her speak to historians, experts and women who have experienced being typecast. In a trailer, she said: "This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us. "But where do these stereotypes come from? READ MORE: Meghan cuts final ties to UK as Duchess opens up in loving statement "And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?" She added: "This is Archetypes – the podcast where we dissect, explore and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. "I’ll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. "And I’ll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place." DON'T MISSLord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [COMMENTS]Meghan's Spotify podcast Archetypes will address 'thorny issues' [REPORT]Sarah Ferguson rejoins social media after Andrew’s error [LATEST] Spotify and Archewell Audio said: "Spotify and Archewell Audio both value responsible stewardship of the audio landscape, and as explained recently, are committed to working closely to support transparency and strong principles of trust and safety." Meghan's move to trademark the word "archetypes" comes with her announcing her time as a patron for an animal welfare charity has ended. The Duchess had served a three-year term as the figure head of Mayhew, which she championed during her time in the UK. In a message posted on the charity's website, the she wrote: "Though my time as patron of Mayhew has come to a close, my unwavering support has not. "I encourage each of you to support in whatever way you are able. "The emotional support of a rescue animal is unparalleled-as you'll soon realise: it is not you who saves them, it is they who save you."