Days after Vladimir Putin announced his country’s invasion of Ukraine, EU Commission President marked a “watershed moment”, this being the “first time ever” the Brussels bloc promised to finance the purchase and delivery of weapons to a country that is under attack. She also announced a range of measures, including sanctions, to send a “very clear” message to the Kremlin and damage its war capabilities. But critics have argued the EU’s actions have not gone far enough and that it has, in fact, done more to prop up than to destabilise Russia’s military efforts. Josep Borrell, foreign affairs chief for the EU, earlier this month admitted it had paid Moscow 35 billion euros for energy imports since the beginning of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, up to April 6. In comparison, it has spared one billion euros – 35 times less – on aid for arms to Kyiv. He told the European Parliament the money sent to Ukraine “might seem a lot”, but added: “One billion euros is what we pay Putin every day for the energy he provides us.” Foreign policy analyst and former aide to Margaret Thatcher Nile Gardiner described the figures as “staggering”. He wrote in a post on Twitter: “The EU has been bankrolling Russia's invasion of Ukraine.” Journalist David Jack was much of the same view, accusing the EU of “bankrolling Putin’s atrocities”. Mr Gardiner took particular issue with Germany’s refusal to send more heavy weapons to Ukraine. READ MORE: Putin in humiliating U-Turn as troops told to ABANDON key plan German Deputy Chief of Staff Markus Laubenthal this week insisted his country would not be able to meet up to its NATO requirements if it sent more of its own heavy weaponry. He, quoted in the Times, said: “We would no longer be able to react to eventualities, and that would significantly weaken our defensive capability.” Mr Gardiner described the decision as “really pathetic”. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] He said: “Germany is a third rate power on the world stage.” While Russia has on a number of occasions expressed surprise at the scale of the sanctions imposed against it amid the war in Ukraine, it appears efforts to isolate the country on the world stage have been limited due to varying levels of dependence on its supplies. Before the war was launched, analysts cited this as part of the way in which Moscow had “sanction-proofed” its economy. A gas warning has even been sparked in this country, amid rising costs, with energy giant TotalEnergies noting in March it could not split its ties too quickly “without affecting the continent’s energy supply”. It said ending links at too fast a pace could result in winter shortages and even rationing for businesses. The company is French but is the second largest provider of gas by volume to businesses in the UK. Meanwhile, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has asked his Western partners to send more arms, without which he suggested the war could become an “endless bloodbath”.