The opening golf major of the year is back this week, as the golfing world descends on the iconic Augusta National for the 2022 Masters Tournament. This year’s event provides a remarkably competitive field, with the world’s top fresh top stars leading the way at the top of the betting market. Despite the arrival of the sport’s latest and hottest stars, the one man everybody wants to see compete is golf legend Tiger Woods. Woods has been absent from the PGA Tour since suffering life changing injuries in a high-speed car accident last February. Fourteen months later, the American is poised to make a fairytale return at this week’s tournament - an event he has won five times. Following a gruelling rehabilitation, Woods has returned to Augusta National this week and taken part in the opening two practice sessions of the tournament week. Upon his arrival over the weekend, the 15-time-major champion told fans on Twitter that he would make a ‘game-time decision’ on whether he will compete. Woods is of course recognised as arguably the sport’s greatest player, and has secured status as not just a golfing icon, but a sporting one across his career. JUST IN: Tiger Woods' inner circle held 'same belief' as Rory McIlroy before amazing Masters U-turn His remarkable success has of course led to eye-watering financial rewards, and according to Celebrity Net Worth, currently holds a net worth of £609 million ($800 million). The majority of Woods’ wealth is said to come commercially, with Forbes reporting that he earned more than £1.15 billion ($1.4 billion) from sponsors since turning pro in 1996. The 82-time champion’s most iconic sponsor is of course his long-term deal with Nike, with Woods seen as one of the sport’s brands most recognised athletes. In 2013 he signed a £152.9 million ($200 million) deal with the brand. DON'T MISSMorgan in awe of Tiger Woods' 'resilience' with Masters return onWoods hyped up by Nike for 'phenomenal' recovery ahead of Masters 2022Tiger Woods warning sent to Masters rivals ahead of potential return  In on-course winnings, the 15-time major champion is unsurprisingly the highest earning player in PGA Tour history, having racked up a cool £92 million ($120.9 million) in career earnings on the US-based circuit. More recently Woods was recognised as the second highest earning sports athlete of all time, only being pipped by basketball icon Michael Jordan. As a result the golf star’s inflated adjusted earnings were said to be at £1.6 billion ($2.1 billion), and is ahead of the likes of fellow golfers Arnold Palmer and Jack Nicklaus, as well as football legend Cristiano Ronaldo. 