Today marks Easter Sunday, the most important festival in the Christian calendar. It celebrates Jesus Christ's resurrection three days after he was executed. Jesus, considered by Christians to be the son of God — in Islam a prophet, in Sikhism a holy man, and among others, in Hinduism an avatar of the Divine — was crucified on the Friday before Easter Sunday, after which his body was taken down from the cross and buried in a cave tomb. The tomb was guarded by Roman soldiers, and a giant stone was placed over the entrance to stop anyone from trying to see him. On Sunday, Mary Magdalene and some of Jesus's disciples visited the tomb, finding that the stone had been moved and Jesus' body gone. He was seen later that day by Mary and the disciples, however, and for forty days afterwards by many people, leaving his followers to conclude that God had raised him from the dead — the resurrection. But, according to a set of ancient lost gospel texts, the crucifixion story panned out slightly differently. Basilides, an early Christian Egyptian Gnostic teacher in the 2nd century AD, claimed that Jesus did not in fact die on the cross. He argued that by sleight of hand, Christ had swapped places with a devout follower at the last minute, escaping crucifixion and death by the Romans. The outlandish and widely condemned proposition was explored during National Geographic's documentary, the 'Secret Lives Of Jesus'. During the first 300 years of Christianity, accounts of Christ's death were surprisingly varied. JUST IN: Story of Jesus Christ was a HOAX 'designed to control the people' At the time, writers were searching for ways to come to terms with the idea that Jesus — the son of God — could be executed. Craig Evans, Professor of New Testament at Acadia Divinity College, explained the context of the aftermath of Jesus' death, and said: "Later gospels written in the second century and the third century, there's a different agenda at work. "Jesus' death is here understood in a different way or maybe denied altogether. "He is understood to be somebody who didn't really die at all." Basilides' accounts soon proved the most eye-catching and provocative, so much so that the majority of his works were later destroyed. DON'T MISS Jesus Christ’s birth story questioned as Biblical accounts conflict [REPORT] Wales sets Covid case record on Christmas Eve [INSIGHT] Jesus Christ birth story in doubt as evidence against date piles up [ANALYSIS] The substitute that he claims Jesus swapped with was described by the documentary as an "innocent victim" put there by Jesus himself. Even the Bible's traditional account says a bystander helped Christ carry the cross, a man named Simon of Cyrene. In his writings, Basilides says Christ invokes a "stunning and deceitful trick upon his assistant". Marvin Meyer, Professor of Bible and Christian Studies at Chapman University, said: "This legend is found already in the New Testament, that there was a certain Simon of Cyrene that helped Jesus carry the cross." And, Bart Ehrman, Professor of religious studies at the University of North Carolina, added: "According to Basilides, Jesus pulled an identity switch. "While Simon was carrying his cross, he made Simon take on his own appearance, and Jesus took on the appearance of Simon." Even one of Basilides' critics at the time wrote: "Simon was transfigured so that he might be thought to be Jesus. "And he was crucified through ignorance and error. "While Jesus himself received the form of Simon, and standing by, laughed at them." Ben Witherington, author of 'What Have They Done with Jesus?', told the documentary that the story reveals Christ's more cunning side. He said: "He's mocking the notion that anybody could crucify him." Some scholars believe the Basilides version of the death story is born from the disbelief that Christ —the Messiah — could have died in such a horrible way.