Royal author Lady Colin Campbell claimed the visit made by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to the Queen offered “nothing substantial” to strengthen their relationship with the Royal Family. The British socialite declared there has been “no clearing of the air” between the couple and the Royal Family following their departure in 2020. Australian network 7 News confirmed the revelations made by "Lady C" who holds “very good contacts” within the close Royal Family.  The low-profile visit to Windsor Castle was made by Prince Harry and Meghan ahead of their attendance at the Invictus Games in The Netherlands. Lady Campbell suggested the visit failed to build an “olive branch” between the couple and the Prince’s family. Throughout the meeting, the royal expert claimed “nothing substantial was discussed”. The visit appeared not to cement family ties as the couple were “as polite as one would be with a stranger” revealed Lady Campbell. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle also met with Harry’s father, Prince Charles.    The trip to Windsor Castle was the first visit made by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle since they stepped down from Royal duties. The visit was shrouded in secrecy as Prince Harry has previously claimed there were security concerns surrounding his presence in the UK. The couple did not announce their plan to visit Windsor Castle and instead focused publicity on their attendance at the Invictus Games hosted in Holland. Prince Harry founded The Games in 2014 and the couple have regularly attended the sporting event for injured servicemen and women. Read more: Prince Harry security leaves UK humiliated as Dutch step in Lady Campbell claimed the royal visit failed to yield the much-anticipated improvement of royal relations between the couple and the Royal family. Reports suggest the meeting with the Queen was brief, lasting approximately 15 minutes, and acted only as an initial step towards more regular visits from the couple. The couple’s children were not present at the visit to Windsor Castle and the Queen is yet to meet the couple’s youngest child, ten-month-old Lilibet. The meeting was held as the Queen continues to reduce royal appearances in consideration of her ongoing mobility issues. Don't miss:Harry gives 'intimate' tribute at Invictus Games [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'will want to' heal rift with Royal Family  [REPORT]Should Meghan and Harry return to UK for Platinum Jubilee? [POLL] The visit to Windsor Castle follows the notable absence of Prince Harry and Meghan at the memorial service for the Duke of Edinburgh. The couple did not attend the service for Prince Philip amid their ongoing battle with the UK Government surrounding security concerns for their family. Prince Harry has argued that the safety of his family cannot be secured within the UK as his US security team would not be able to liaise with UK intelligence services. The couple’s concerns surrounding their safety partly explain their low-profile approach to meeting with the Queen.   