Cynthi Dolgeová, 23, said she and Jack Sutton, 24, were “really in love” at the beginning of their relationship, despite warnings from her friends about his controlling behaviour. But the relationship deteriorated shortly after Ms Dolgeová moved to the UK to live with Sutton in Scarborough, North Yorkshire in 2021. She said Sutton refused to meet her friends or family and accused her of sleeping with other people. His paranoia worsened and he became increasingly possessive, even checking Ms Dolgeová’s underwear when she returned home after being out. The couple split up a week before the brutal attack, with Ms Dolgeová moving out of the property. Before carrying out the savage assault last December, Sutton had done a Google search asking how many years one would get for killing someone, Yorkshire Live reported. He reportedly shouted “I’m going to kill you” while repeatedly stabbing Ms Dolgeová and beating her up for around eight minutes before police arrived at the scene. Sutton pleaded guilty to attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon in March 2022. He was sentenced to 16 years in prison last Tuesday with an extended licence period of four years. Ms Dolgeová, who is originally from the Czech Republic, met Sutton in her home country in April 2020 while he was working there.  The pair moved back to England together in February 2021 and had initially planned to stay here for two months before moving to Germany for Sutton’s work. However, the pair decided to stay in Scarborough due to Brexit and trouble with visas. Ms Dolgeová said: “I left everything for him including all my family, it was really hard for me and then after four months I found out he was cheating on me. “With Covid and being here alone we stayed together. He was always telling me if I break up with him he would kill himself and it would be my fault – it wasn’t easy to leave him.” Their relationship worsened during the summer of 2021 before the couple eventually split up a week before the attack on December 10. Following the breakup, the pair went for dinner together to “talk about stuff”, according to Ms Dolgeová. However, Sutton snatched her ID without her realising during the dinner as part a plan he hatched to get her on her own later that evening.  She realised it was missing when going for a drink with her friend later. She asked for it back and Sutton agreed to meet her halfway with it, claiming he wanted to talk.This turned out to be a trap. When the pair met in a dark street, Sutton repeatedly stabbed Ms Dolgeová. Her friend, Amy, and a neighbour witnessed the incident and called the police while shouting at Sutton to stop. Ms Dolgeová said: “I remember I didn’t feel any pain I was just really scared – I realised what was happening when the knife got stuck in my ribs and he couldn’t get it out. “He was kicking my head like a ball. It was about eight minutes until police came.” “I was lying on the floor and he was saying “I’m going to kill you”. All I could say at this point was chill out we will sort it out. “He tried to get me up but he couldn’t because I had been stabbed so he started beating me up again.”  Ms Dolgeová was rushed to hospital, where a CT scan showed her lungs had partially collapsed and her liver had been punctured. She eventually recovered and was discharged from hospital. Sutton pleaded guilty to attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon in March this year. He was sentenced to 16 years in prison. Ms Dolgeová has moved back to the Czech Republic to be with her family. She decided to speak publicly about the attack after seeing some people sticking up for her attacker online. She said: “I’m lucky to be alive, the mental abuse and what he was doing to me wasn’t normal. “I feel like a lot of people know about domestic violence but the mental abuse you suffer is so much more, it hurts in a different way.” Additional reporting by Megan Banner. If you are affected by domestic abuse, you are not alone. You can access free and confidential support from Refuge’s 24-hour National Domestic Abuse Helpline on 0808 2000 247 and digital support via www.nationaldahelpline.org.uk (access live chat Mon-Fri 3-10 pm). We will listen to you and we will believe you. 