The German Chancellor has been criticised by his coalition partners after appearing reluctant to send more weapons to Ukraine and failing to back a wholesale ban on Russian oil and gas. Marie-Agnes Strack-Zimmermann from the Free Democratic Party and chair of the Bundestag’s defence committee said Scholtz needs to “not just purse his lips but start to whistle”.  Ms Strack-Zimmermann added that it was vital to send more weapons to Ukraine to push Moscow towards negotiations that will end the conflict. She said: “There is only one answer that Russia understands: to continue to try to end the war through talks – but with one hand visibly on the holster. “That means that Germany has to also supply Ukraine with heavy weapons to help it defend itself, as long as they can be handled by the Ukrainian army.” She went on to argue that Mr Scholz may be stalling because of pro-Russian elements in his Social Democratic Party.  “Of course there are members of the SPD’s parliamentary group who are still in shock because their idea of Russia has brutally collapsed. “I think the Chancellor is still paying too much respect to their sensitivities.” Anton Hofreiter, a left winger from the Green Party, agreed with Ms Strack-Zimmermann’s assessment and claimed the Chancellor was “damaging” for both Ukraine and Germany. He said: “The problem lies in the chancellery. We have to finally start supplying Ukraine with what it needs, and that’s heavy weapons. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: British troops '100% ready' for escalation  “I can only speculate why the Chancellor is stepping on the brakes like this. I can see no logical reason for it. “But with his actions, the Chancellor is not only damaging the situation in Ukraine, but he is also massively damaging Germany’s reputation in Europe and the world.” Hofreiter and Strack-Zimmermann travelled to Ukraine earlier in the week along with Michael Roth of the SPD. Last weekend the Ukrainian ambassador in Berlin Andrij Melnyk asked Germany to help his country militarily by delivering Leopard battle tanks, Marder infantry fighting vehicles, Cobra weapons location radars and the armoured howitzer Panzerhaubitze 2000. DON'T MISS: Putin given ‘another bloody nose’ [REVEAL] Putin declares war on US and NATO   [INSIGHT] ‘It would backfire’ Ireland rejects EU states' call to join NATO [SPOTLIGHT]   He told the newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung that the weapons were important to fight Russian forces in the east and the south of the country. He said: “With them we can not only try to stop the expected huge Russian offensive in the east, but also to reconquer the occupied territories in the south.” 