Pete was a prominent character on Emmerdale for years, and was popular both within the village and with viewers of the hit ITV soap. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Anthony, 37, talked about what he has been up to since leaving the soap, his Hollyoaks days and how huge global events tend to hit the world whenever he makes an exit from a soap. Pete was last seen leaving the village in Emmerdale in early 2020 to start a new life. He was waved off by other villagers as they wished him luck, and he drove away from the Dales, not to be seen again. Before his seven-year stint in Emmerdale though, Anthony played Gilly Roach in Hollyoaks for six years. Anthony left the soap in 2011, and while discussing both soap experiences, he made a surprising connection. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ Explaining how he left Emmerdale right as the pandemic broke out, he explained he has a habit of quitting a soap just before a major event. He laughed: "When I left Emmerdale the pandemic happened and also just as I left Hollyoaks, the recession happened. "If I join any other show and leave, you know some other major global event is about to happen!" Anthony quit Emmerdale to pursue his business dreams, and created BoxedOff.  Despite the timing being unfortunate as the world struggled with finances when the Covid-19 pandemic took hold, Anthony has made the best of it and explained it has gone better than he "could have imagined". BoxedOff helps people achieve their fitness goals through plant-based supplements. Talking about the major life change, the actor stated: "The reason I left Emmerdale is that I started embarking on my business. "So it was kind of a decision which wasn't taken lightly because I absolutely loved the job." DON'T MISS... Vine caller says royals 'cannot relate' to people in Caribbean [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow expert baffled by valuable mystery timepiece [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Chelsea Fox returns to criminal ways to protect Jor [THEORY] He detailed his business aims: "BoxedOff is basically a sustainable supplement company. We've been trading since August, the first of August 2019 and I actually left Emmerdale in December 2019. "I was last on it I think in like February 2020. So we're not even we're over three years into it. "A lot of businesses don't make any profit within the first couple of years but we're certainly doing that. "We're doing really, really well and going from strength to strength. "We're going to be online as well, we have quite a strong online presence at the minute. "The idea started due to a back injury, as the initial idea was to open a gym but I suffered a back injury so I ended up changing, I had to go back to the drawing board and see what I could do." Anthony said despite his new passion, he is still an actor and is enjoying pursuing both dreams. Emmerdale continues on Monday at 7pm on ITV.