While all focus should be on the Queen and her birthday celebrations, Prince Harry’s comments about wanting to ensure the right people are around Her Majesty have dominated newspaper coverage. Reflecting on his comments, Lorraine Kelly suggested he should stop giving interviews to American networks as she spoke to royal expert Russell Myers. “It’s breathtaking really and I think the rest of the family are going to struggle with that to be honest,” Russell remarked. “And how can he come back for the Platinum Jubilee when they’ll all be wondering if it’s going to appear in an American interview. “It’s a bit of a sorry situation at the moment.” Lorraine agreed: “It honestly is because I thought when they dropped in on the Queen, I thought that’s great isn’t it? That’s bridges getting built. That’s fantastic. READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ “Then it’s all unravelled a bit. May be best not to do the interviews, perhaps, I think.” “Or put the focus back on the sportsmen and women,” Russell added. Lorraine continued: “The Invictus Games are amazing. All credit to him for launching it and doing it.” Commenting on his meeting with the Queen, Harry told the Today Show host, Hoda Kotb: “She’s always got a great sense of humour with me and I’m just making sure that she’s protected and got the right people around her. “Both Meghan and I had tea with her, so it was really nice to catch up with her.” In the same interview, Harry stated he was unsure if his family would be in the UK for the Platinum Jubilee. “I don’t know yet, there’s lots of things – security issues and everything else,” he explained. “So this is what I’m trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her.” DON'T MISS...Trisha Goddard weighs in on Prince Harry-Prince William row [VIDEO]Royal POLL: Should Harry apologise for Queen comments in US interview? [POLL]Piers Morgan slams Prince Harry for 'trashing' monarchy [WATCH] Lorraine isn’t the only UK host to comment on Harry’s interview with Eamonn Holmes insisting he can’t take care of himself let alone the Queen. Speaking on GB News, he said: “He isn’t capable of looking after himself because he needs people psychologically to reassure him. “He needs people to do his bidding around him, people who just make things happen, fixers, and they re all around. “He is probably quite incapable of lots of things but it’s also endemic in the acting profession as well of which he is well associated with. “Plus, he needs a deal with Netflix to come good.” It came after he said the pair don’t deserve a spot on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the jubilee celebrations. He stated: “He’s bringing a book out where he’s slagging off Camilla [Parker-Bowles] and maybe William and his father. “How on earth - why wouldn’t they throw him over the balcony and her [Meghan Markle] with him?” Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV from 9am.