The Scottish government has increased the number of staff working on the prospectus for Scottish independence, it emerged this week. The fresh details of First Minister Nicola Sturgeon’s bid to split apart the Union surfaced at Holyrood. Conservative MSP Russell Findlay asked for “an update on how many of its staff members are working on the prospectus for another independence referendum”. Despite the SNP continuing to pursue independence, major questions remain unanswered about how a split from the UK would work in reality. Piotr Jaworski, Economics Professor at Edinburgh Napier University, laid bare in stark terms the potential economic consequences of independence in a throwback interview with Express.co.uk in January 2021. He said: "We will either go bankrupt or we will have to cut our spending if we achieve independence. "But there is a problem with that. "If we really want to leave Britain and join the EU, we would need to go through a very harsh transformation of the public sector. "I don't think the Scottish people are prepared for this." The Professor added: "So if we have a referendum, Scottish people might vote for going out. "But they would almost immediately realise that it means no more free prescriptions. "Then, it would be too late." The expert claimed it was unlikely that the EU would allow Scotland to join the UK in the hypothetical event that it left the UK. DON'T MISS: 'He only thinks about the EU!' Frexiteer's huge fears for France if Macron wins election [LATEST]Yellowstone supervolcano: 'Anomaly' could explain volcanic activity [INSIGHT]Archaeology: World's oldest intact shipwreck 'changed' scientific understanding [ANALYSIS] Ms Sturgeon has said previously that one of her first tasks in the event of independence will be to negotiate with Brussels for Scotland’s re-accession to the bloc due to the country voting against Brexit. However, Prof Jaworski claimed that there will be political and economic barriers to an independent Scotland becoming part of the EU. He said: "First of all, countries that have splitting tendencies, such as Spain or Belgium, will never agree. "You then have got countries like Germany and France... and the question is 'why should they want Scotland in?' "I personally don't know why. "We don't have a big economy, we would have problems almost like Greece, in terms of public deficit. "Is it really in their interest to have another Greece?"