Over the past three months, the average asking price for a property has surged by just over £19,000, the biggest jump Rightmove has recorded in any three-month period since its records started. Despite the cost of living rising elsewhere, the online property website said the average asking price has also risen,  jumping by £5,537 in the past month alone. Across the UK, the average asking price for a home in April is now £360,101, up from £354,564 last month. More than half (53 percent) of properties are selling at their asking price or over it. This is due to the lack of stock on the market but increased demand from buyers. Properties are also selling faster than ever, in fact, they’re selling twice as quickly than in 2019. READ MORE: Simple, effective and cheap way to kill garden weeds using cardboard Scotland had the fastest selling time for homes at just 22 days on average, compared to 51 days in London. Wales saw the biggest year-on-year increase in house prices, up 14.5 percent to £252,736 on average. The South West saw England’s largest rise at 133.5 percent to £379,956. Tim Bannister, Rightmove’s director of property data said: “With three new monthly price records in a row, 2022 has started with price-rise momentum even greater than during the Stamp Duty Holiday fuelled market of last year. DON'T MISS:‘Indestructible’ garden plants which will ‘thrive’ on their own [EXPERT]Phil Spencer shares budget home improvements - ‘not expensive’ [COMMENT]Hereford: The £1m property, the doer-upper & average home [PICTURES] “While growing affordably constraints mean that this momentum is not sustainable for the longer term, the high demand from a large number of buyers chasing too few properties for sale has led to a spring price frenzy, a hat-trick of record price months, and the largest price increase for a three-month period Rightmove has ever recorded. “The strong momentum has carried over from last year and, combined with the impetus of the spring moving season, has delivered the quickest selling market we’ve ever seen. “The high speed of the market and competition among buyers when making an onward move will be deterring some owners from putting their homes up for sale. “However, if you can secure both a quick sale and a quick purchase then it’s a lot less stressful than the uncertainties of a slower market when finding a buyer for your own home can drag on for months or not happen at all.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Mr Bannister added that 2021 saw four consecutive monthly price records from April through to July and said he would not bet against breaking this further in 2022. He added: “There are some early signs of an easing off from the frantic pace of price rises, and buyer inquiries to agents are down by 16 percent on last year’s Stamp Duty frenzy. “However incredibly, buyer inquiries are still 65 percent above the more normal market of 2019 and the number of sales agreed is up 21 percent. “With the demand and supply imbalance being so out of kilter, it looks like any substantial slowdown will be gradual in coming and be a soft rather than hard landing. “It seems likely that the supply/demand mismatch will remain for at least the rest of this year. “Even with some economic uncertainty, where you live and your home is such a fundamental decision for people that it will remain a priority for many.” Gary Wright, co-CEO of payment technology firm flatfair, said: “The third consecutive record for house prices shows the housing ladder is being hoisted beyond the reach of many. “It means that renting is becoming the form for increasingly more of the population, and for renters already dedicating a far higher proportion of their monthly income to housing than average mortgage holders, seeing house prices continue to rise and stock disappear, all while the cost of living soars, will be a real kick in the teeth. “Given the Government’s stated goal of helping out Generation Rent, it should start by unlocking the £4.5billion locked away in rental deposits, this could be put to far better use by renting households in tough financial circumstances.”