The royals have faced calls for reparations for slavery while visiting Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent, the Grenadines, Antigua and Barbuda. On Friday's GB News segment, We Need to Talk About, writer and activist Dr Velma McClymont argued a big movement are demanding apologies and reparations from the Royal Family, while conservative commentator Calvin Robinson deemed the view as "nonsense" and insisted the demand had come from a "tiny minority". As the debate continued, things became heated when Calvin suggested most people were pleased to welcome the royals. "We are calling for reparations. Calvin may well say it's a small minority or whatever and Sophie and Edward are having a fantastic time, we cannot silence the voice crying out for reparations. "You might not see them. Calvin, whatever happens in the Caribbean impacts on the community here. "Unless you are a part of the community, unless you are sending reparations home to smaller islands and Jamaica, you will not know what is really going on." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy She added: "People are asking for an apology from the Royal Family for their part in the atrocities committed under slavery, the dehumanisation and racial subjection of a people - you cannot silence it by PR photo opportunities." When asked to respond, Calvin stated: "Yeah, I mean it's nonsense, isn't it? "You can say people want this but it's all anecdotal, Dr Velma has no evidence - the evidence we've suggested, it seems like not many people do want this. "Seems like there are some people stuck in a victim mentality and that's a shame, and we need to help them out of that. "Regards to reparations, who pays who? It doesn't make any financial sense for deprived black people in this country to pay well-off black people in another country. The maths doesn't add up." Laughing and shaking her head, Velma hit back: "That is nonsense Calvin, that's nonsense!" He continued to talk over her, insisting: "People love being part of the Royal Family." It came as Velma explained: "These protests, we've just heard that some are quite small, but these can grow. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Janine Butcher suffers double blow with pregnancy [THEORY]Piers Morgan slams 'self-obsessed' Johnny Depp and Amber Heard [VIDEO]Bradley Walsh in stitches as he makes name blunder on The Chase [LATEST] "And it's important for people to realise that times have changed, the winds of change are blowing and people want their subject of reparations to be dealt with. "And that's very important for any royal tour, you can't close your eyes to what is happening in the world right now, and what the Caribbean and also the diaspora are asking for." GB News' Alex Phillips asked for a different opinion as she stated: "Calvin, what about you?" She added: "I mean, it must be extremely uncomfortable history for a lot of people in the Caribbean when it comes to a question of should the Royal Family apologise for historic wrongs, would that be appropriate?" "No," Calvin answered bluntly. "Practically nobody's asking for this. "Saint Lucia has a population of 190,000, there were 10 people at this protest - that's 0.005 percent of the population, it's not enough to say it's a minority, it's a super minority. "What we're actually seeing here is that we've seen the royals, we've seen Prince Edward and Sophie go to Saint Lucia, St Vincent, the Grenadines, Antigua and Barbuda, and they've had a great time, we saw footage on GB News earlier, but there's plenty of great photographs out there of them exploring the countries, talking to regular people and having a fantastic time and celebrating the jubilee of her majesty the Queen - 70 years on the throne. "This is all great news. There is a tiny, tiny minority of people who are unhappy with this, these are republicans, and that's fine, there should be room for that in a democracy." We Need to Talk About airs on GB News weekdays from 2pm.