Sharlene Bockross, a 38-year old from Leicester, died shortly after Christmas of a heart attack, leaving behind her 15-year-old son Tyler. Ms Bockross has been planning to take her son to the Greek island of Kos during the summer and had paid £815 towards the £1200 trip. However, in order for the family to get the money back, Jet2 is demanding they go through probate - appointing an executor of Sharlene's estate at a huge cost. There's no set level for when a bereaved family must go through probate but it is usually for larger estates where lots of property or other assets are involved.  The family's solicitor has stated that if they want the money back they will have to pay around £500 to go through probate. Describing the incident, Karen Gaze, Sharlene's mother, said: "She died suddenly and unexpectedly on December 28 from a cardiac arrest. Her brother, Paul, found her and tried to resuscitate her. We are all devastated. "We later learned she had a heart condition she wasn't aware of. She was supposed to be taking Tyler on holiday on June 25 to celebrate Tyler's 16th birthday. "Sharlene was always a forward-thinker and she would pay a bit towards the holiday every month so that she could pay for it all in advance. She had paid about £815 of the £1,200 for the two of them."  Ms Gaze said that there was nothing in the payment plan that said it would be difficult to get a refund upon Sharlene's death. She added: "Jet2 are very sympathetic on the phone and very nice about it, but they are telling me I must have an executor for Sharelene's estate, which my solicitor says is just completely unnecessary and will cost about £500. "The money is for Tyler and we want him to have it but all he's going to get is £300 once we've paid to appoint the executor. It's so annoying because we've set up an account for the money Sharlene did have to go into and the banks have let us get the money. "But this money is for Sharlene's poor son and Jet2 are digging their heels in. I've sent the death certificate and even her birth certificate to prove that I'm her mum.  DON'T MISS: Turkey expects ‘record numbers’ of British tourists Easter weekend weather forecast: Cold blast to hit UK with -10C chill Gemma Atkinson issues warning amid Manchester airport 'chaos'  "But they'll only send the money to the executor of her estate. It's been hard for Tyler - he's only 15 and he's got his GCSEs coming up. "He's being very strong but it's been hard, emotionally, for us all. I just don't want to be arguing anymore." Ms Gaze added that she would have had more luck if she had been dishonest. She said: "Ironically, I could have just phoned pretending to be Sharlene and asked to cancel and they would have given me a full refund. But I decided to be honest instead." Jet2 has stated that they will not be making exceptions in this case. The airline said in a statement: “We would like to extend our sincere condolences to Ms Gaze and her family at this difficult time. "As the account used to make the original booking has been closed, we cannot refund that account. As such, we have requested for Ms Gaze to provide documentation showing her to be the named executor of her daughter’s estate so that we can refund her directly. "As we have not received this proof of authority, we are unfortunately unable to do this. We sincerely hope to be able to complete the refund once this proof of authority is confirmed, and we have been in touch with Ms Gaze to explain this.” 