 Meghan Markle and Prince Harry stepped down from their roles as senior royals two years ago. The couple moved to the US, where they now live with their two children – Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana. Since their exit, Meghan and Harry have launched Archewell, their own non-profit organisation, signed deals with Spotify and Netflix and have continued to work closely with charities.  In February, the couple received the President’s award from the National Association for the Advancement of Coloured People (NAACP), a leading US civil rights group, in recognition of their work to help a woman’s shelter in Texas, their promotion of Covid vaccine equity and a partnership to create community relief centres. As the pair accepted the top accolade, Harry said: “I think it's safe to say I come from a very different background to my incredible wife, yet our lives were brought together for a reason.” Similarly, celebrity astrologer Emili Adame believes that the Duke and Duchess have been brought “together” to “complete something very important”. Harry was born on September 15, 1984, making him a practical Virgo sun with a grounded Taurus moon, while Meghan was born August 4, 1981, making her a fiery Leo sun with a charming Libra moon. JUST IN: 'They got what they wanted!' Meghan would 'never' get publicity increase without Harry  Ms Adame admits that on the surface they could be seen as a “good match”, but upon delving into their “energies” she claimed that the pair are “soulmates”. She told Friday’s episode of the To Di For Daily podcast: “I feel that they [Harry and Meghan] met each other at the right time, and if I were just looking on the surface, I would say: they might be a good match. “But I really feel that their energies truly, truly are copasetic. “I mean… they’re soulmates – regardless of what people think – they are here to complete something very important together.”  Ms Adame explained that Meghan and Harry’s north nodes – the ascending lunar nodes which hold the key to their destinies – puts them on “very different” life paths. She said: “Harry’s energy – his north node – is in Gemini so he has an energy to spread a message, he has a message to give to the collective. “And then Meghan has a north node in Leo, which is to be famous, to shine, it’s to not conform to society, it’s to be a leader in some sort of realm of being noticed or well-known.” However, she added that both are “ individualistic” and are on a path to finding their “own purpose”. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan have 'backed themselves into a corner' with Philip memorial absence [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry blasted by Camilla Tominey for not offering ‘right of reply’ to claims [EXPERT]Kate Middleton’s timing of George birth didn’t follow history: ‘Can’t detract from Queen’ [ANALYSIS]  Last month, the Duchess announced her latest project – a new podcast under Archewell Audio entitled ‘Archetypes’. The podcast will explore the impact of stereotypes and typecasting on women around the world, and is expected to host some high-profile guests. Meanwhile, Harry has been focusing on the upcoming Invictus Games. The Invictus Games Foundation was launched by the Duke in 2014 and aids current and ex-servicemen through sports.  The twice-postponed 2020 Games will take place between April 16-22 this year. The Duke is expected to attend the Games in The Hague in the Netherlands, despite not returning for Prince Philip’s Service of Thanksgiving in the UK last month. This decision sparked controversy within commentary and fed the “royal rebels” narrative which surrounds the Sussexes. When asked about the “rebellious” nature of the couple, Ms Adame said that they “absolutely look like wild cards”.  Harry and Meghan have not returned to the UK together since their departure from the Royal Family. Harry has visited his home country twice – once for the funeral of his grandfather, Prince Philip, and second for the unveiling of a statue in tribute to his mother, Princess Diana. It remains unclear whether either will return to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June, or when the extended family will get to meet their baby daughter Lilibet. An extended bank holiday weekend from June 2-5 will provide an opportunity for communities and people throughout the country to come together to celebrate the monarch’s historic 70-year reign.