Citing Brussels officials and diplomats, the news report stated that the embargo will most likely be introduced in a gradual way, similar to the planned Russian coal embargo, to kick in this August, to give importers time to find alternative suppliers. According to the New York Times sources, the oil embargo will only be discussed after the second round of presidential elections in France in order to avoid adversely affecting incumbent Emmanuel Macron’s chances of a second term.  Eurasia Group director Emre Peker told the NYT: “The commission and EU members have smartly shied away from defining red lines that would trigger a sanctions response since Russia attacked Ukraine. “I expect the EU will shy away from defining triggers, as continued escalation by Russia in eastern Ukraine and revelations from Bucha and elsewhere continue to drive momentum behind a hardening European stance. “Any other major catastrophes that unfold will just add more impetus to the EU response.” Ukraine government officials have repeatedly called for a full EU embargo on Russian energy supplies.  EU members have discussed direct energy sanctions despite the fact that even indirect sanctions targeting Russia’s financial sector have contributed to higher energy prices in Europe. Data suggests that Russian gas exports to Europe have fallen in the past five months while the price of the country's benchmark oil contract has also dropped. Russian energy giant Gazprom said Friday that exports to Europe and Turkey fell by 26.4 percent in volume between November 1 and April 15 compared to the same period a year earlier. Gazprom added that gas storage in Europe was also at its lowest in several years.  READ MORE: Titanic discovery: 'Ghostly shapes' of 'people freezing to death' Meanwhile, the gap between the price of Russia Urals crude and Brent North Sea, the international benchmark, has widened. The price of Urals averaged $79.81 per barrel between March 15 and April 14 compared to $108.50 for Brent, according to the finance ministry. The price difference between the two contracts has traditionally been around $1 or $2, but it has risen due to sanctions against Russia, according to the Interfax news agency. While Russian oil is not under Western sanctions, the punitive measures have made buyers reluctant to purchase crude from the country.  DON'T MISS:Eurozone inflation expected to ‘double this year’ to 6 percentRussia may be in ‘default’ after paying foreign bonds in roublesWayne Sleep discusses his friendship with Princess Diana Despite the lower price, crude remains a major source of revenue for Moscow which bases its federal budget on $40 per barrel of Urals. EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell has said that, in 2021, the EU paid Russia $80 billion (74 billion euros) for oil and $20 billion for gas -- which would work out as an average of 250 million euros (£207 million) per day. The EU is now working on broadening sanctions on Russia to include oil and gas embargoes but such measures would take “several months”, European officials told AFP Friday. Russian Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Novak wrote in an article published Friday in Energy Policy, a Russian magazine and said: “It is unlikely that it will be possible to completely replace Russian oil and gas in the next five to 10 years.” 