Barcelona star Ronald Araujo has been left peeved by his club's pursuit of Chelsea's Antonio Rudiger. Manchester United are linked with the defender, who is locked in contract talks with the club. United might just have received a boost in their race to sign Araujo after Barcelona tried to sign Rudiger from Chelsea. The Uruguay international is high on the shortlist of potential targets at Old Trafford as they look to bolster their squad. The defender has been a standout performer for Xavi since his appointment, forging a strong relationship with Gerard Pique at the back. He has helped Barcelona transform their season and they sit second in La Liga after a miserable start to the campaign. However, Araujo's contract will expire in the summer of 2023 and the Blaugrana are keen to tie him down to a new deal this year or they could sell in the summer. That has alerted United, who want to improve their defence amid a tricky season at the back for the likes of Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Raphael Varane. The 23-year-old wants to stay at the Nou Camp but contract talks have not yet proved fruitful with the club looking for players to take pay cuts. Barca have also been in the market for several free transfer that will join in the summer transfer window. Chelsea's Andreas Christensen has reportedly already put pen to paper over a free deal at the Catalan club while they have not stopped shopping at Stamford Bridge. Rudiger, who is also out of contract at the end of the season, has been approached - though finding an agreement with the Germany international has proved more tricky. However, the fact that Barcelona even tried pursuing the former AS Roma star has left a sour taste in Araujo's mouth. According to Sport, the deal to sign Christensen had already annoyed the Uruguayan because he sees him as a replacement while the raid for Rudiger has only solidified that notion. Araujo does not believe that Barca have valued his services or performances on the pitch and it could lead to a potential break in contract negotiations. That would leave the door open to a departure this summer where United could pounce. However, in public at least, the centre-half has poured cold water on a move to the Premier League, when he said: "I am very happy to be here and happy with the support of the club. We are working [on a new contract]. This week we have a meeting. "I hope it will be resolved soon so that I can continue many years at this club. I am optimistic."