If you enjoy playing board games, but have been holding off on making a purchase, then now may be the time to invest. Leading board game publisher Asmodee has teamed with UK retailer GAME for a big money giveaway. Indeed, if you purchase select board games from GAME stores or the website, then you could win £2K. "A total of £10,000 can be won every single week instore and online," Asmodee explains. "Plus, everyone who purchases one of the selected Asmodee games is guaranteed to win those all-important GAME Reward Points, giving them money off their next purchase. The games included in the offer are: Dobble, Catan Ticket to Ride, 7 Wonders, Carcassonne, Splendor and Unlock! so there is plenty of choice." If you want to be in with a chance of winning, customers are encouraged to visit the GAME website and enter the code found on their receipt. Five lucky customers can win £2K each week from now until May 19. Games featured in the offer include Dobble, Catan, Ticket to Ride, Pandemic, 7 Wonders, Carcassonne, Splendor and Unlock! If you've never played the board game Pandemic, then you really should check it out. For 2-4 players, the aim is to contain a worldwide pandemic by teaming up and using your various abilities. "You must hold four deadly diseases at bay as members of an elite disease control team" reads the official description. "As you travel the world treating diseases and collecting the cards you'll need to find a treatment for each ailment, work together to find a cure. However, as outbreaks and epidemics fuel the spread of plagues, the time is ticking. "Players win or lose together in this cooperative game. Only by working together can you keep outbreaks under control and locate remedies in a timely manner!" Dobble is another excellent game that's ideal for players of all ages. Featuring simple rules and a short playtime, the aim is to match symbols from card to card. Frantic and fun, Dobble features different rule variations, so there's always a reason to come back.