When it comes to the right temperature to wash clothes, people tend to have a temperature that they stick to for all sorts of clothing. With energy bills on the rise and many looking to save money wherever they can, one expert has shared how you can wash clothing on a cold wash “just as effectively”. Jo Winston, Sales Director at St. Modwen Homes, explained: “A great step to take if you’re looking to spend less money is washing your clothes with cold water. “Most washing detergents and fabric softeners are designed to work just as effective in a cold wash - so there really is no need to be blowing your budget on hot washes.” According to Bosch, cold washes can be used on clothes which are lightly stained or for brightly coloured or dark clothing. Using a cold wash can help to prevent colours from fading, discolouring and bleeding out onto other clothing. READ MORE: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less It is also advised that silk and wool is also washed in cold water to help protect the fabric from damage and shrinking. The majority of modern detergents are still effective at lower temperatures such as 30 degrees. Bosch said: “Hot water washing uses a considerable amount of energy, which is produced by electricity which is in turn generated by the burning of fossil fuels. “By lowering your wash temperatures on a regular basis, you will save more money which helps protect the environment and helps you save money.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share white vinegar tip to remove washing machine mould [INSIGHT]Snow and frost: Prune ‘damaged’ plants to promote new growth [EXPERT]Kitchen appliances one of the ‘easiest places’ to cut down costs [COMMENT] Hot water is effective at killing off any bacteria and germs, making it ideal for washing workout clothes, towels and bedding. Bosch added: “If you want to strike the right balance between eco-friendly washing and efficient washing performance, use a warm temperature between 40 degrees and 60 degrees which is a great all-round choice for most clothing items, such as jeans and moderately stained garments.” Another way to help save money on bills is to stop using the tumble dryer. Jo explained: “Spring is the perfect time to make the most of the warmer fresh air and dust off the washing line, because you’d be surprised how much money you can save by turning off that tumble dryer. “Whilst it’s nice to sink into a warm dressing gown or have your socks dry in ten minutes when you’re behind on washing, this saving will be worth it.” Other areas of the home where households can save is by keeping an eye on gadgets. This includes phones, tablets and laptops which all need regular charging. The expert said: “It’s worth taking note of how long they all sit plugged in for. “It may seem obvious but leaving your devices to charge overnight is no doubt going to increase your electricity bill. “Instead, just charge them up for a couple of hours in the day and you’ll soon notice a difference. “This is a small but vital step.” Installing energy efficient bulbs can also help cut down on electricity costs. Despite having a higher price tag initially, they last much longer. Jo added: “Next time one of your bulbs runs out, make the transition and you won’t regret it. It may not seem like a huge saving, but it soon adds up. “You’d be surprised how embracing some of these small steps into the running of your home can make a big difference in the long run.”