Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, live in Montecito, Santa Barbara in an £11million property. They have given zoom calls, interviews and filmed sketches in their California home, showing royal fans the inside of their new home. Deepa Mehta-Sagar, an interior designer, decorator, and founder of Area Decor LLC spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the Duke and Sussex’s interior design, and what this says about their tastes and personalities.  The expert spoke about recurring themes in Meghan and Harry’s home in terms of interior design, and whether they were more likely Meghan’s influences or Harry’s. Deepa said: “A recurring theme in Meghan and Harry's Santa Barbara home, is that of country style interiors interspersed with Mediterranean elements and wooden-beamed ceilings. “These design elements were also seen in their previous residence of Frogmore Cottage.” There is a lot of cream, white and gold interiors inside the Sussexes’ home, which is evident from zoom interviews they’ve done. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'obsessed' over Prince William 'hogging the best briefs' What does this reveal about the couple’s tastes and/or personalities? Deepa continued: “The natural linen tones display a calm sensibility which reflects their comfort, or ease with their new space. “The beige/cream/white interiors embody simplicity, while subtle gold accents add a hint of individuality. “On the whole, the colour palette gives their house an inviting, warm and serene spatial planning. “The muted tones are perhaps reflective of Meghan's elegant, minimalistic aesthetic. “It says polished, yet easy-going which is exactly what is reflected in Meghan's wardrobe choices too. “Whereas, the use of wooden detailing is a reflection of Harry's taste as the use of wood was seen in Frogmore and is often seen in royal residences.” How different is the inside of their home from more traditional royal homes in the UK where Harry grew up?  Deepa commented: “Their Santa Barbara home spells understated luxury. “A clean, muted palette, with refined detailing makes for a home that is in tune with their new lifestyle, as they step away from life as senior working royals. “It's sprawling and luxurious, much like traditional royal homes, but what sets it apart is its contemporary style. “Harry's childhood home - apartments eight and nine in Kensington Palace - reflected Lady Diana's personal style.  “Her personality - love for bold patterns and rich fabrics - came through, even as Lady Diana honoured the history of the 17th-century building. “Opulence and grandeur were seeped into the decor and furnishings, befitting royalty.” Do the couple seem happy with their home - is it reflective of their hard work and newfound independence? Deepa said: “Their home speaks of calm independence befitting their shift from royalty and the associated protocols. “The new home is devoted to ensuring a well-rounded upbringing of their two children. “Having maintained some of the core elements of design from Frogmore into the aesthetic, they have ensured a sense of belonging and an ease of transition for the family.” 