Prince William is second-in-line to the throne and has taken on more royal duties in recent years. His place in the line of succession has been decided since his birth, and the Duke of Cambridge has been preparing for his role in the monarchy since he was a child. He has received expert guidance from the Queen and Prince Charles in what it takes to be a leader. But, the monarch that William will one day become will also be influenced by Diana, Princess of Wales, according to one royal expert. Founder of ToDiForDaily.com, Kinsey Schofield, believes that while Diana is not here today, she will still have a great impact on the type of leader her eldest son will be. She told Express.co.uk that the Duke will be a “very sincere, strong leader” because of his experiences with his mother. Ms Schofield said: “I think that he’s so much more considerate of the suffering of the less fortunate as I think he’s seen a lot more of it because of Diana. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘idolised’ Diana but Prince William ‘understood’ her “So I think he’s much more aware because he’s seen it with his own eyes.” She added: “And so I think that it does change what type of man you are and what type of leader you are. “I do think he’s going to be a very sincere, strong leader that cares about other people’s suffering.” Ms Schofield, who has an upcoming book about the princess, referenced Diana’s close association with charities tackling HIV. She recalled Diana visiting hospitals to “sit with people who were dying from the virus”. The princess opened the first specialist Aids hospital ward in England, at Middlesex Hospital in 1987. Famously, Diana shook hands with an HIV positive man without gloves. At the time, many believed incorrectly that you could “catch” HIV through touch. DON'T MISS:Prince William sought 'wise counsel' from Prince Philip over Prince Harry split [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton 'didn't want to make it too easy' for Prince William: 'Pulled away' [ANALYSIS]Prince William's heartbreaking promise to Diana — 'I will give it back when I am King' [LATEST] Photographs of her taken at the event have become synonymous with her legacy of kindness. Her actions were revolutionary in showing the public that there was nothing to be afraid of. Both William and Prince Harry have followed in her footsteps by voicing support for HIV charities. Earlier this year, Harry urged people to “know your status” and get tested for HIV. He said that he hopes to carry on his mother’s work to help eradicate stigma and misunderstanding surrounding the virus. In 2016, the Duke of Sussex took an HIV test live on television to show how easy it was. Meanwhile, William has appeared on the cover of Attitude Magazine to discuss the mental health issues suffered by LGBTQIA+ people. Both brothers have voiced support for Gareth Thomas after the former rugby player revealed in 2019 that he has HIV. Ms Schofield believes that while William will take elements of his grandmother and father’s style of leadership, he will also focus more on “individual suffering”. This echoes Diana’s legacy, which can be boiled down to this sentiment, which she shared with Martin Bashir during the 1995 Panorama interview: “Nothing brings me more happiness than trying to help the most vulnerable people in society. “It is a goal and an essential part of my life, a kind of destiny.”