 Logan Mwangi's body was dumped just a few hundred metres from his home in Sarn, Bridgend in south Wales last July. The child, also known as Logan Williamson, had suffered 56 external cuts and bruises as well as “catastrophic” internal injuries likened to those found in victims of high-speed crashes.  His mother, Angharad Williamson, 31, and Logan's stepfather, John Cole, 40, were convicted of murder at Cardiff Crown Court on Thursday after five hours of deliberation. A 14-year-old boy, who cannot be named due to his age, was also found guilty of murder. Williamson fell to the floor of the dock screaming “no” when she was convicted of killing her son. Judge Mrs Justice Jefford interrupted the jury before they delivered the teenager’s verdict and told Williamson: “Out of respect for your son and the youth please be quiet for the verdicts.” She struggled with officers when she was led away and shouted at partner Cole: “You lying motherf*ing murderer. You liar.” Williamson claimed in court that she had been asleep all night when Logan was murdered. However, CCTV footage showed the lights in the young boy’s room being turned on and off and the curtains being opened. Investigations later revealed she had used her phone to watch videos on YouTube. Williamson reported Logan missing at 5.45am on 31 July, making a frantic call to police in which she accused a woman of taking him. Jurors were shown chilling police body cam footage of the moment the mother denied knowing what happened to her son just hours after her boyfriend dumped his body in a nearby river. Logan’s father, Ben Mwangi, was also present in court to hear the jury’s verdict.  Police discovered Logan’s partially submerged body on the morning of 31 July 2021. The boy was wearing a pair of dinosaur pyjama bottoms and a Spider-Man top. Examinations revealed that Logan, who has been described as a “cheerful little boy”, had suffered “catastrophic” external and internal injuries that experts said could only have been caused by a “brutal and sustained assault” inflicted on the young boy in the hours or days before his death. The court heard that his injuries were “consistent with child abuse”. Logan had been “dehumanised” by his family in the months leading up to his death, jurors heard. He suffered a broken collarbone just weeks before he died but never received medical treatment. The youngster’s stammer was also said to have worsened in the lead-up to his death, becoming particularly bad around Cole. The court heard he also began to wet himself more frequently and began self-harming. Medics made a safeguarding referral to the police after Logan suffered a broken arm in August 2020, with Williamson saying he had fallen down the stairs. She later told a friend that the youth had confessed to pushing Logan down the stairs but did not tell police until January 2021. Friends of the couple said Cole told them he did not like Logan and was reluctant to let him spend time with his and Williamson’s baby after its birth. READ MORE: Death of boy, 5, whose body was found in river may have been 'violent'  In March 2021, Logan and his younger sibling were assigned a social worker due to concerns over Cole. But the family were removed from the child protection register just one month before Logan died, meaning it was believed there was no longer a risk of significant harm. On 20 July Logan tested positive for Covid-19 and he was shut in his bedroom, with a baby gate barring him from leaving. Prosecutor Caroline Rees QC said: “[Logan] had been kept like a prisoner in his small bedroom in the flat, a room likened by Williamson as a dungeon.” Williamson claimed that an argument had broken out at the family’s home just two days before Logan’s body was found. She said an argument over the spilt drink escalated and ended with Cole and the teenager attacking the child. Williamson said she screamed for them to stop but said Cole replied: “The only way this boy understands is pain.” Jurors watched CCTV footage of Cole and the youth, who was 13 at the time, carrying Logan’s body to the river from the flat at 2.43am on July 31 last year while being followed by the youth. Cole admitted the charge. The pair were captured again on video as they returned to the house for Logan’s pyjama top, which was later found with a large rip in it. Cole claimed he woke to the sound of Williamson screaming that Logan was dead.  When Williamson reported the child missing to the police she claimed to have awoken to find him gone and accused another woman of abducting him. Police arrived at the flat to find the mother hysterical, while Cole and the youth could be seen walking around the area calling for him. Williamson accused a woman, against whom she held a grudge, of abducting him. Prosecutors said this was part of an “elaborate” cover-up concocted by the defendants. All three were accused of perverting the course of justice, of which Williamson and youth were convicted. The judge adjourned the case for sentencing which will take place at a later date. Speaking following the verdict, Detective Inspector Lianne Rees, who led the murder investigation, said: “Logan was a beautiful, bright and innocent five-year-old little boy with his whole life ahead of him. “It is difficult to imagine how Logan must have suffered at the hands of those who he trusted, and inconceivable that those who should have loved and protected him betrayed him in the worst possible way. “Attempts to cover up the crime in the hours following Logan’s death and the subsequent web of lies and deceit that were to follow are an indication of their callousness and lack of remorse. “The impact of Logan’s tragic death on so many people cannot be measured. “Nothing can bring Logan back, but I hope that today’s outcome will bring some comfort to those who loved him.”