Earlier this week, Netflix launched a new documentary titled Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story which delved into the story of the TV presenter and his victims. The documentary explored how Savile's cult of personality, built from his light entertainment fame, allowed him to hide in plain sight, committing sexual offences sometimes in front of hundreds of people, with no repercussions. Alan Collins, who is a partner in the abuse team at Hugh James Solicitors, represented some of Savile’s victims. During the Netflix documentary, Alan gave an unparalleled insight into the experiences of the victims, as well as how Savile could continue to abuse women for so many years without facing any kind of punishment. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Alan recalled how one of Savile's victims came to him for help because he became "frustrated" with the police. "A victim who had come to see me about something else," he began. "He'd been to the police several times about his case and the police didn't know what to make of it." READ MORE: Jackson Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jackson Lonie now? Alan continued: "Part of his story, he said he'd been abused by Savile, and I don't think police knew what to do with the entirety of his story." The abuse lawyer went on to explain that because the victim had a learning disability, there was a struggle of communication between him and the police. "They assumed the words that this guy was using he understood. He was using very specific words and I don't think he knew what they actually meant. "I came along because this guy was getting frustrated with the police and I was probably having the same problem as the police." After spending a long time with the victim, Alan was able to establish his claims against the famous TV presenter. "That is how I personally got involved in the Savile case, trying to help this young man and establish what happened as a child and Savile was part of all that," he added. "That was the springboard into bringing a case on behalf of this individual and on behalf of other victims who came flooding forward." Before Alan's victim spoke out about his ordeal, previously others had come forward to speak, but this particular case was the first one brought again Savile. DON'T MISS...Vera's Kenny Doughty opens up on reuniting with teacher [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert 'scared' to replace Sara Martins [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun’s Danni Menzies shuts down fussy house hunters [NEWS] "He was the springboard unwittingly by coincidence," Alan went on to explain. Jimmy Savile rose to fame in the 1970s and as Alan recalled, he dominated every television channel. The TV personality was adored by many people and he'd raised millions of pounds for charity. He was even knighted by Queen Elizabeth II and achieved a national treasure status before he died in 2011. However, Savile's victims never got the justice they deserved because the Jim'll Fix It star died before he could face the repercussions. Discussing why he believes Savile got away with his crimes for so long, Alan said: "I think it's a combination of factors. "Sexual abuse has always been a crime but the way we deal with it now is different to the way it was dealt with in the 60s, 70s and 80s. "What we would say is unacceptable sexist behaviour [now] would have been seen as normal in the 60s and 70s. There was a blur of what was acceptable and what wasn't acceptable." Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story is available to watch on Netflix.