On Wednesday, Finland and Sweden took a significant step towards joining the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) after their respective Prime Ministers said Russia’s invasion of Ukraine had changed Europe’s “whole security landscape”. The development has been met with strong rebuttal from Vladimir Putin’s Government which opposes greater expansion by the military pact. Sanna Marin, Finland’s Prime Minister, told reporters on Wednesday that her Government would decide whether to apply to join the alliance “quite fast, in weeks not months”. Meanwhile, the Swedish Prime Minister, Magdalena Andersson, said there was “no point” in delaying the analysis of whether it was right for Sweden to apply for NATO membership. She added: “We have to analyse the situation to see what is best for Sweden’s security, for the Swedish people, in this new situation.” Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet reported on the same day that Ms Andersson was aiming to apply for membership in time for a NATO summit in late June.  READ MORE: Ukraine: British troops '100% ready' for escalation The deputy chair of Russia’s Security Council, Dmitry Medvedev, said NATO expansion would lead Russia to reinforce its air, land and naval forces. He added that Russian territory in the Baltic - the exclave of Kaliningrad - cannot remain “non-nuclear” if Finland and Sweden applied for membership. Mr Medvedev’s threat was echoed by Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Grushko, who warned of the “most undesirable consequences” if the Nordic neighbours joined the alliance.  President Putin has previously blamed NATO expansion as one of the reasons for why Russia invaded Ukraine, arguing the bloc was encroaching too close to its own borders. Since its formation in 1949, NATO’s ranks have gradually swelled to make up today’s tally of 30 members. Following the collapse of the Soviet Union a number of nations formerly under the influence of Russia have signed up to the pact, including Albania and Poland. Finland and Sweden are among a handful of countries yet to join NATO and have long pursued a neutral stance in world politics.  DON'T MISS: Putin issues nuclear threat - vows to send weapons into Europe if Swed [NEWS]: EU hits Ukraine with 'new protocol' likened to UK deal [EXPLAINED]Putin humiliated: 400,000 secret files leaked by hackers  [INSIGHT] However, their ascension to the alliance would undoubtedly alter this and be recognised by Moscow as an aggressive act. In the past month a number of NATO allies, particularly the Baltic nations, have expressed concerns that Russia could look to launch further invasions outside of Ukraine. Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania all occupy land that used to make up Soviet Russia and fear that Russia’s President could have designs on retaking control. President Putin has previously said that the Soviet Union’s collapse was “the greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the century”.  But invading a NATO country would create a war much larger than the one currently being staged in Ukraine. Under Article 5 of its official charter all allies within the alliance would have to respond to an attack against a fellow member, thus potentially dragging the world into a new global conflict. The fears among stakeholders on both sides is that if this scenario did pass how damaging it could be given the possible use of nuclear weapons. In fact, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has previously warned that if a third World War were to take place, it would involve nuclear weapons and be destructive. 