Thomas Tuchel has been slammed for his comments about referee Szymon Marciniak in the aftermath of Chelsea's Champions League defeat to Real Madrid. The Blues boss had questioned why he had seen Marciniak apparently laughing with Madrid chief Carlo Ancelotti, but has now been blasted for those complaints by Rafael van der Vaart. "I like respect. If you win, give respect to the opponent, and if you lose I think respect is even more beautiful. Carlo Ancelotti, for example, never does anything wrong. Never," Van der Vaart told Dutch TV station Ziggo Sport. "But then you see this dragon [beastly, angry person]… I can only call it a dragon! If I had been Tuchel’s assistant I would have said, 'We all lose sometimes, but do it with style'. Chelsea played a fantastic game and they have a great coach. "I am one hundred per cent convinced of that. But if you lose and then you give this interview… that’s what makes me fume. What is Ancelotti supposed to do? Cry? They call [Tuchel] one of the best coaches in the world. READ MORE: Del Piero explains what he told Modric after Real vs Chelsea clash "Well, not now. This just comes off as really bad. You shouldn’t say this. As a coach you should just say that you are proud of your team. It’s not important whether a referee is smiling or not." Tuchel had seen his side mount an astonishing comeback to overturn a two-goal deficit from the first leg and take the lead in the tie. But a late equaliser from Rodrygo sent the game into extra-time, during which Karim Benzema headed in a winner for Los Blancos. DON'T MISS: Chelsea quartet proved they have future under Thomas Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Fabregas explains why Chelsea are 'blessed' despite Real Madrid defeat (INSIGHT)Chelsea stat shows they should have beaten Real Madrid to reach semis (NEWS) After the game, the Chelsea boss had made it clear that he was unhappy to see Marciniak laughing with Ancelotti. And the German slammed the referee for the timing of his 'good time' with the Real Madrid boss. “I was disappointed that the referee had a good time with my colleague Ancelotti. I know that Carlo is a gentleman and a nice guy and when I go I see him smiling and laughing out loud with the opposition coach and I think this is very, very wrong time to do this at the end of 120 minutes of fight. I think this is very, very bad timing," Tuchel said.