The cost of car insurance has increased across the board in the first three months of 2022, however drivers over the age of fifty are suffering more than any other group. Older drivers have seen their premiums jump 6.2 percent since January. Average motor premiums for the over 50s hit £370 a year following the rise, according to Consumer Intelligence, an industry analyst. Younger drivers have faced smaller rises with those aged 25 to 49 seeing increases of 4.1 percent, bringing average premiums to £610. And Under-25s actually saw their prices fall in the last three months by 2.3 percent, to an average of £1,717. The rise is being blamed on changes made by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) which restricted premiums that companies could offer. READ MORE: New EU driving rule could cost up to £2500 if broken In January the FCA banned a so-called ‘loyalty penalty’ which would see insurers offer cheaper premiums to new customers before steadily increasing prices each time they renewed. Since January 1 insurers have been forbidden from offering deals to new customers that are cheaper than those offered to existing customers renewing their policies. The FCA believe loyal customers will save up to £200 a year on car and home insurance as a result of the measures. However older drivers, who are less likely to switch, no longer have access to cheaper introductory offers and are suffering as a result. DON'T MISSDrivers could use electric cars to power their homes [REVEAL] Money saving tips that can help drivers cut down on car costs [INSIGHT] British drivers warned of busiest Easter on UK roads in eight years [WARNING] Another result of the market changes is that other more savvy consumers who shop around every year have also seen their costs jump. Across all age groups, premiums are now 4.3 percent higher since the start of 2022, with almost all of this rise accounted for in the month of January. The average premium is now £697, Consumer Intelligence reported. CI’s Harriet Devonald said prices had levelled out following an initial spike in January, when the new rules were first introduced. She said: “This shows that most insurers made a one-off step change to new business premiums to ensure they are compliant with the new pricing rules. “It does, however, appear that some providers either over or under-shot in their expectations of market-level inflation and have made adjustments subsequent to their initial pricing changes." And she does expect prices to climb further as 2022 progresses. She added: "Over the longer-term, we anticipate general inflation in prices in 2022, with underlying pricing pressures remaining broadly upward.” Location also plays an important part in the cost of premiums, with drivers in the South West and Wales seeing the biggest increases. The costs for new policies in those areas rose by 6.6 percent and 6.2 percent respectively. Londoners pay the most for their annual car insurance, paying £1,216 on average. Drivers in Scotland have access to the cheapest car insurance, typically paying £416 a year, Consumer Intelligence said.