Arsenal have been told Tammy Abraham would be the ‘perfect fit’ for them as they seek to replenish their striking options in the summer. Roma star Abraham recently flirted with a return to the Premier League and former Gunners midfielder Emmanuel Petit believes his old side should target the England frontman. Boss Mikel Arteta faces the unique situation of having to replace all three first-team strikers with whom he started the campaign. Pierre Emerick-Aubameyang has already departed to Barcelona after falling out with the Spaniard, while Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are no closer to extending their contracts beyond the summer. Arsenal missed out on Dusan Vlahovic in January and signing a striker is a top priority ahead of the summer. Abraham, who was linked to the North Londoners in the summer but joined Roma from Chelsea, is again a target. Ex-France star Petit believes Abraham could be the ‘perfect’ fit for Arsenal after scoring 23 goals across all competitions for the Italian side. He also compared him to former Gunners forward Emmanuel Adebayor.   JUST IN: Piers Morgan bites back at Wayne Rooney's Cristiano Ronaldo criticism “Abraham reminds me of Emmanuel Adebayor, his physical presence in the penalty area. Abraham’s reaction when he arrived at Roma has been brilliant because he’s scored 15 [league] goals and has so many assists, so he’s enjoying his football there,” Petit told Genting Casino. “He went to Italy with the feeling of revenge for what happened at Chelsea. He’s not stupid, he will see what’s going on with the strikers at Chelsea with Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner, they’re struggling. “So maybe he’s thinking, ‘it would have been worse for me if I had stayed at Chelsea’. He made the right decision and he’s having a great season with Roma.”    DON'T MISS...Egypt minister joins 3 others in calling for Salah to leave LiverpoolChelsea fans warned of conduct by Courtois ahead of Madrid clashEverton slammed for 'rookie manager' Frank Lampard's 'chaotic' tactics  Petit added: “I’m pretty sure he wants to come back to England and he would fit perfectly at Arsenal because he’s a different player to Alexandre Lacazette with a different style, different physique and he’s a goalscorer. Even at Chelsea he was scoring goals, not as many as he wanted, but he’s 24 years old so he still has a lot to learn.” Abraham last week flirted with a return to England and conceded he feels ‘good’ when he sees his name linked with Premier League clubs. he told talkSPORT: “When I see reports linking me with other clubs it makes me feel good, it makes you feel like you’re doing something right. "It’s a nice feeling seeing your name all over newspapers. But for me it’s about focusing on doing my business here. I can keep getting linked with many clubs but who knows what the future holds? Of course, I grew up in England, I’m a London boy. "So maybe one day I’ll be back in the Premier League to make noise there. But for me right now it’s about focusing on Rome, on doing the best I can and hopefully winning these guys a trophy which they haven’t done in many years.”   