Since their marriage in 1947, Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, had been by the Queen's side throughout her reign as her Consort, and with him the Queen shared four children, eight grandchildren and several great-grandchildren. The Duke died at the age of 99 on April 9, 2021, at his home of Windsor Castle, and his death was announced to the world just after noon.  A statement from Buckingham Palace read: “It is with deep sorrow that Her Majesty The Queen has announced the death of her beloved husband, His Royal Highness The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. "His Royal Highness passed away peacefully this morning at Windsor Castle. Further announcements will be made in due course. "The Royal Family join with people around the world in mourning his loss." Philip's life and legacy were recently commemorated with a Service of Thanksgiving at Westminster Abbey, just a few days before the first anniversary of his death today.  READ MORE: Charles and Camilla's 'LOVE CHILD' unveils new 'undeniable proof' The Queen was among the crowds of mourners who visited the Abbey on March 29 to personally pay tribute to her husband of 73 years. But on the anniversary of his death today, it is thought the Queen will be marking the sad day privately at her main base of Windsor Castle. The Queen has been very private about her grief over the last year, but she did pay a public tribute to her late husband during her Christmas Day speech for 2021. The Queen acknowledged that there was "one familiar laugh missing", and added that Philip's "mischievous, enquiring twinkle was as bright at the end as when I first set eyes on him".   Although the rest of the Royal Family will likely join the Queen in privately remembering the Duke today, tributes have been paid across the royal social media channels on the first anniversary of his death. The Royal Family Instagram account shared a video montage of pictures from the Duke's life as the poem, 'The Patriarchs - An Elegy' by Poet Laureate Simon Armitage was read. The poignant video was also shared by Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall's Clarence House account and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. A picture of the Queen and Prince Philip leaving St Paul's Cathedral after a service marking the 150th anniversary of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1968 was also shared by the Royal Family's channels.  DON'T MISS:Prince Andrew photo row erupts at lavish London art club [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Queen pays emotional tribute to 'legacy' of Philip [LIVE]10 of the best pictures of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh [PICTURES] And Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall's social media account shared another poignant photo series of the late Duke with the caption: "Remembering The Duke of Edinburgh today, one year since his passing." The Queen and Prince Philip's only daughter Princess Anne, who is currently in Australia on a royal visit, revisited a spot with links to her late father today. Anne attended the Sydney Royal Easter Show, which she first visited in 1970 with her mother, father and brother. The Princess was the guest of honour at the opening ceremony of the event which celebrated its 200th anniversary on Saturday. 