TEAM NEWS Man Utd XI: De Gea; Dalot, Lindelof, Varane, Telles; McTominay, Matic; Elanga, Fernandes, Rashford; Ronaldo Chelsea XI: Mendy; James, Thiago Silva, Rudiger; Azpilicueta; Jorginho, Kante, Alonso; Mount, Werner, Havertz Manchester United are facing off against Chelsea in a battle between two Premier League giants tonight. The big EPL game kicks-off at 7.45pm, with coverage beginning at 7pm on Sky Sports who are broadcasting the game exclusively live. You can find the best deals on Sky Sports below, or you can take advantage of a limited-time price cut on the NOW Sports pass that slashes the monthly price from £33.99 to £20. Manchester United go in today's game with their chances of securing Champions League football for next season looking extremely slim. The Red Devil are sixth in the Premier League table, 11 points behind Chelsea in third and five points behind fourth placed Arsenal. But Ralf Rangnick's side have played more games than all the sides above them in the table, meaning they would need their rivals to slip up massively to make up any ground. While this season has been one of disappointment for Manchester United fans, they will be hoping for better fortunes next season with the highly anticipated arrival of new coach Erik ten Hag on the horizon.  You can tune in and watch coverage of Manchester United vs Chelsea on Sky Sports Premier League and Sky Sports Main Event from 7pm, with kick-off at 7.45pm. If you've got Sky Glass or Sky Q then a Sky Sports membership will usually cost £32 a month. But Sky is currently running a deal that drops that price to £20 a month. This can be paired with the standard Sky TV bundle, which unlocks access to exclusive channels like Sky Atlantic, as well as Comedy Central, MTV, and more, coupled with a Netflix subscription. If you're not home, everything from Sky Sports is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app, which is available for both Android and iOS devices. You can also sign in to Sky Go on an Xbox or PlayStation to watch in another room if someone else is using the Sky Q box. Sky-owned NOW, formerly NOW TV, offers limited-time access to Sky Sports. One month usually costs £33.99, but for a limited time only this price has dropped to £20 a month (but you'll need to sign up for nine months). While a single 24-hour period of Sky Sports will cost a one-off payment of £11.98 with NOW. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Unfortunately, if you're outside of the UK right now, your Sky Go and NOW subscriptions might not work as you'd expect. Sky – just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Prime Video and a number of other services – places restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below... 