Pro-Brexit activist Darren Grimes told host Dan Wootton that Mr Musk is a “real innovator” who is “trying to get us to Mars” and “shakes things up”. Mr Grimes also argued the South African born billionaire is a “pro-freedom of expression libertarian” who wouldn’t tolerate Trump being banned while the Russian government and the Taliban are allowed to express their views on the social media platform.  He said: “I actually think that Donald Trump stands the best chance he ever has had now that Elon Musk is on the board of Twitter. “They are going to have to listen to the views of this innovator. He’s buying Paypal, Tesla and SpaceX which is a private enterprise trying to get us to Mars. “This is a man who is a real innovator, he shakes things up now that he’s on the board. A relentlessly pro-freedom of expression libertarian. “I think that Donald Trump is going to be back on this platform because let’s not forget, Russia can spout their nonsense on there.   “The Taliban can spout their nonsense on there and actually people are saying ‘hang on a minute’ the democratically elected leader of the free world from 2016 to 2020 has been kicked off. “Musk has this 9.2 percent stake in Twitter as the largest individual shareholder. “He can actually start to call some of the shots here, start to say ‘actually Twitter has far too much power and doesn’t use it responsibly’. “This is the public square, Twitter has become the de facto public square. READ MORE:Putin hammered! Sanctions wipe £266BN from 'war chest'  “Journalists, politicians, influencers, they're all getting their information from this very influential platform. “And he’s saying it can’t be right you don’t allow anti lockdown voices, you don’t allow those sceptical about net zero and of course the president of the free world to have a voice on this very important platform.” Dan Wootton asked Mr Grimes if he thought Elon Musk was really a “free speech champion”. In response Mr Grimes said Mr Musk is “serious” and “really means it”. DON'T MISS:  Brexit LIVE: 'Missing the point' Expert slaps down claims EU exit chao [REVEAL] POLL: Do you think Boris Johnson delivered a Brexit 'in name only'? [INSIGHT] 'Payback time!' C4 sell off is revenge for Brexit bias hints Tory MP [SPOTLIGHT] He said: “No, I really do actually believe he’s serious on this. I think he really means it though. “I think since he was announced on the board of Twitter itself you’ve seen that this is a very rich cat among the liberal techie pigeons. “Because a lot of people are so upset about this. You’ve even had Twitter employees resign and that to me suggests that people are taking this seriously. “People are saying this is a guy who will actually make the board pay attention.” 