Charles Leclerc will not be using Lewis Hamilton's experience of a title battle in a bid to take on defending world champion Max Verstappen in 2022. Instead, the Ferrari star will be drawing on his own racing experience – preferring to learn from his own past mistakes rather than those of his peers. The Monegasque racer has set the early pace in this year's championship, winning the opening race in Bahrain before coming home second last time out in Saudi Arabia. It would have been back-to-back wins had he not been overtaken by Verstappen in the dying stages of that Grand Prix. If those first two races are anything to go by, then it will be Leclerc who will fill the role of main challenger to Verstappen's throne this season. He has an early 20-point advantage, courtesy of the breakdown that his rival's Red Bull suffered in Bahrain, but knows that means little so early in the season. With 21 races still to go between now and the end of November, there are plenty of opportunities for the tables to turn and for others to join the title fight. Leclerc has a ready-made example of how to fight against Verstappen from Hamilton last year, as well as plenty of others from several years spent in Formula 1. JUST IN: Marko tips Leclerc Ferrari position to make life tough for Verstappen The Monegasque may still be young, but he has been racing in the series for five years now – with two additional seasons' worth of experience as test driver for Haas and Sauber. During that time since 2016, he will have watched Nico Rosberg beat Hamilton to the title and Sebastian Vettel push the Briton close before Verstappen got the better of him last year. Despite having all those examples from which to draw inspiration, he insists he is not interested in examples set by others. "I actually didn't watch that much of these battles, some of the races I've watched," Leclerc told reporters when asked what he can learn from title fights in recent seasons. "I think I learned more from my own experiences. Every driver has their own driving style, I have my own one." DON'T MISS:Charles Leclerc has proved he can win F1 title against Max VerstappenToto Wolff has two skills which could help Lewis Hamilton win titleMercedes backed to battle Red Bull and Ferrari 'in two or three races' Leclerc's battle with Verstappen has been riveting so far, with both races this season seeing examples of the two engaged in a dogfight for the lead. The Ferrari man got the better of those exchanges in Bahrain, but was bested by his Red Bull rival a week later in Jeddah. Despite some intense racing from both, all has been clean in these early stages of the campaign – unlike some exchanges from last year when Verstappen and Hamilton made contact several times. Leclerc says his battle with Verstappen has been "hard but fair" so far. "I think in a wheel-to-wheel battle, I am quite strong and I always try to be better," he added. "Max, I know him quite well, since karting we've had some great battles and we've grown up together, which I think also helped us grow in our own way. As I said, I learn more from my own experiences than watching others."