Tyson Fury has explained that a fight against Oleksandr Usyk is “never going to happen” after the Gypsy King announced his intentions to retire from boxing. Fury defeated Dillian Whyte at their Wembley showdown on Saturday night before saying he was done with the sport.  “It’s never going to happen because I’m retired,” Fury told talkSPORT on Thursday. “But let’s just say I’d punch him round the ring, because he’s a middleweight, blown up. I’ve already been the undisputed champion, I’ve won every single belt there is to win. I’ve got nothing more to do, I am out, fully retired. Done.” Fury’s retirement announcement has been taken with a pinch of salt by some people, with suggestions the 33-year-old could be tempted to get back into the ring in the future. And there has been speculation about who his next opponent would be. The most likely candidate would be Usyk as the Ukrainian is in possession of the WBA, WBO and IBF heavyweight world titles following his victory over Anthony Joshua last year. If Fury did face Usyk, he would have the opportunity to become the undisputed heavyweight champion of the four-belt era as the Gypsy King holds the WBC crown. But at this stage it doesn’t appear that a fight between the duo is on the cards. READ MORE: Dillian Whyte breaks silence on Tyson Fury defeat and claims fight was 'close' despite KO   Fury produced an assured performance on Saturday night as he overcame Whyte in the sixth round courtesy of a right-handed uppercut. A staggering 94,000 fans crammed into Wembley to watch the bout as Fury looked in command throughout. And following the fight, Fury revealed his boxing days were over. “I am done - every good dog has its day,” he told Piers Morgan's TalkTV show on Wednesday. “Like the great Roman leader said, there will always be someone else to fight. When is enough, enough? DON'T MISSJake Paul demands 'legendary' Mike Tyson fight after 'embarrassing' Tommy Fury displayAnthony Joshua tipped to beat Tyson Fury as Barry Hearn explains how to win £100m fightTyson Fury defends Mike Tyson for hitting fan on plane - 'I'd pay for that myself!'   “I am happy, I am healthy. I still have my brains, I can talk, I have a beautiful wife, I have six kids, umpteen belts. I have plenty of money, success, fame, glory - what more am I doing it for? Boxing is a dangerous sport. You can be taken out with one punch as we saw on Saturday night and it only takes one unlucky blow and you might not get up off that canvas. “I am quitting while I am ahead. I am undefeated and only the second man in history to retire undefeated heavyweight champion. I am very happy and contented in my heart with what I've done.” 