ITV host Lorraine Kelly made a rare appearance as a guest on Friday's instalment of Loose Women. The Scottish broadcaster opened up about her interview with Angela Rayner after the politician was the subject of a Mail On Sunday article which likened her to a fully clothed equivalent of Sharon Stone's infamous Basic Instinct scene. Lorraine told the panel she felt it was "one step forwards and two steps back" for women in politics. After welcoming Lorraine onto the show, Loose Women star Kaye Adams said: "Well Lorraine you got the scoop of the week this week, didn't you with Angela Rayner?" Lorraine began: "Well that was the most bizarre story wasn't it and it just continues to grow and grow and grow. "We've had 56 politicians from all parties who are going to get investigated for sexual misconduct and watching porn in the House of Commons." "The world has gone mad," Lorraine exclaimed to the panel in dismay. READ MORE: Blue Bloods' Abigail Hawk left in hysterics at season 13 renewal video She explained how Angela opted to wear trousers for her appearance on Lorraine as she did not want to be "judged" following the Mail On Sunday's article. Lorraine told Loose Women viewers: "She said, 'I feel exactly the same, I don't want [my outfit] to detract from [what I am saying].' "Is this 1959 or something? It's not, it's 2022." Lorraine, who was clearly frustrated over the matter, added: "It almost seems like one step forward and two steps back."  She continued: "What I worry about is young women, but actually my daughter, who is 27, wouldn't put up with that. "The next generation won't, so the work maybe has been done by Angela and Harriet Harman and other women, maybe they are the pioneers, and I just think the next generation of young women just won't put up with it." However, Kaye disagreed with Lorraine and told her women are still under "so much pressure". "It's terrible, it really is, and it's absolutely heartbreaking," Lorraine interjected. DON'T MISS...Ranvir brutally mocks Prince Andrew 'Who would touch him?' [LATEST]Lorraine Kelly on how she curbed cravings after jumping 2 dress sizes [REVEALED]Royal expert tells Queen watchers of concerning moment to watch for [UPDATE]  The panel continued to debate what happened with Angela before Lorraine said the Labour MP's technique of laughing was "just to deflect" from the situation. Angela appeared on Lorraine earlier this week for her first televised interview since the article was published wore trousers as she did not want to be "judged for what I wear". The article, which reported Conservative MPs had accused Angela of deliberately distracting Boris Johnson by crossing and uncrossing her legs, has received a huge backlash. Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle summoned David Dillon, the editor of the Mail On Sunday, for a meeting on Monday.   Sir Lindsay told MPs the story was "offensive to women in Parliament" and "demeaning". David rejected Sir Lindsay's invitation to discuss the story which was published in the paper at the weekend on page five. The editor stated journalists should decide what to report on. Loose Women continues weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV. 