Nick (played by Ben Price) has been enjoying building a relationship with his son, Sam (Jude Riordan), in recent months on Coronation Street following the death of the young boy's mother, Natasha Blakeman (Rachel Leskovac). As well as receiving support from his partner, Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson), the businessman has also got help from an unexpected source; Roy Cropper (David Neilson). However, a shocking turn of events could be on the horizon in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap as the youngster could end up losing both of his parents. Since he found a passion for chess as a way of helping him process the grief of losing his mother, Sam has come to see Roy as somewhat of an idol. The youngster enjoys sending time with the soap icon after school, with the café owner always having some toast and a cup of tea ready for him. With Sam entering a chess tournament in recent scenes, Nick tried to take on more of the influential role from Roy. However, his son wasn't having any of it as he continued to tell his father he need to have Roy's guidance to be able to succeed. Taking to Twitter, some fans think is a hint towards Roy taking on a bigger role in Sam's life, with Nick seemingly out of the picture. READ MORE: Emmerdale star explains how sexuality affected acting career Glenn wrote on the social media platform: "Can someone find a way for Roy Cropper to foster/adopt Sam please? #Corrie." Sean commented: "Sam just needs the bag and his evolution into Roy will be complete #Corrie." Ryan added: "Nick calling Sam a Mini Roy makes my heart so warm #Corrie," with David sharing: "I think viewers understand why Sam and Roy get on. It's just Nick who's panicking over nothing #Corrie." Script to Scene explained: "I imagine people think Sam wants Roy to take him to the chess tournament because he prefers Roy over Nick. "But I bet that Sam is thinking logically, so he thinks it’s better to take Roy (his Yoda) so he can get tips/ advice and his dad would be too much of a distraction #corrie." In Monday's episode of the weeknight serial drama, Sam will be seen seeking some advice from Roy on how to pursue his new love interest. Roy has to tell the young boy he needs to speak with his father Nick about these sorts of things as he is not clued up on the game of flirtation. This could be yet another hint Sam wants Roy to be his parental figure and it might not be too long until this actually happens. Over the years, Nick has evaded death on several occasions and it would seem his nine lives are quickly running out. If he were to die unexpectedly, it would be a huge loss to the cobbles but it would also spark a new storyline twist over what happens to Sam. DON'T MISS...Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [COMMENT]Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT]Beverley Callard health: 'Absolute hell' - star on her botched hip op [COMMENT] Technically, Sam could be adopted by Nick's partner, Leanne, however, she would be struggling with her grief to an extent she might not be able to care for the youngster. Therefore, there would be a very high chance Sam could enter the fostering system so he could be assigned to a new family. Knowing how much the schoolboy has lost already, Roy could fear he will become a recluse if he is taken away from what he knows. Having fostered children in the past and having taken in his niece, Nina Lucas (Mollie Gallagher) a few years ago, Roy would be more than qualified to take Sam on. The youngster would be thrilled he could spend more time with the café owner and the pair could become a great duo on the cobbles. Sam would, of course, be heartbroken over the loss of his father but being with Roy would help him to process his grief a little better. By Roy adopting the youngster, Leanne would also be able to still see him as he would be the last bit of Nick she has left. Having lost her own young son a few years ago and having now lost Nick, she could find it hard to bring up a child which isn't hers. It has been four years since the actor who plays Nick, Ben, returned to the show following a year's hiatus from the drama on the cobbles. There is no official word on whether the beloved character will be leaving again but when he quit his role in 2017, he explained why he felt he needed to make an exit. The actor said at the time: "Coronation Street has been the most significant part of my career and I had had a fantastic seven years here. "The decision to leave was purely personal – I want to be able to spend more time with my family. I have been supported by a terrific cast and crew and have had the most glorious storylines and for that, I am most grateful." Explaining his decision a little more on ITV's This Morning, he shared: "I live 200 miles away, I see my wife and children on a Saturday and I go back on a Sunday. "It took me quite a while to think about, it was a big decision, but in the end, it’s my family and I miss them," he continued. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.