Snooker player John Higgins is currently competing in the 2022 World Snooker Championship. The 46-year-old is known for winning four World Championships, and has become more slender in recent years due to healthy lifestyle changes including diet and exercise. Like many people, John admitted to piling on the pounds during the Covid induced national lockdowns. He reduced his calorie intake and alcohol consumption in order to see real physical changes. Between April 2021 and October of the same year, the snooker champion lost a whopping three and a half stone. But despite his newfound healthy diet and alcohol restriction, it was an increase in exercise that really saw the snooker star drop excess weight. READ MORE: James Martin weight loss: Chef lost 5st by 'cutting out fizzy drinks' Spin classes were his weight loss weapon of choice. He revealed: "I've just seemed to have gotten a bit addicted to them. "I go about three or four times a week. "I enjoy it, I go in the morning and do about an hour's training." He spoke about other snooker players' fitness methods. "I know that a lot of the boys do the running, which I suppose is a little bit easier." But spin classes clearly paid off, with John looking almost unrecognisable. "I've lost three and a half stone. "I was over 15 and a half at the Crucible and now I'm down to just about 12." And the weight loss has not gone unnoticed, with people continuing to ask the snooker champion if losing weight has made him feel better. He answered: "I don't know, you do feel a bit better, but we'll wait and see." As for how it will affect him when competing, he said: "It's not going to be the reason I could pop balls better." But he revealed that he lost the weight for his "wellbeing". "I was too heavy really at the weight I was for the small guy I am." The snooker champion stands at just under 5'7. But he admitted that it took him a while to realise that the excess weight he had put on gradually was too much and he was getting "steadily, steadily bigger". Speaking about his own weight gain, he stated: "You're obviously happy with your life, so who do you have to look good for, I suppose, now that you've got your wife and kids?" he told the World Snooker Tour. But the father-of-three is now much healthier for his family.