The local authorities in the romantic Italian city have pushed ahead with a plan to charge day trippers 10 euros (£8.30) to enter. Visitor numbers hit pre-pandemic levels for the first time over the Easter weekend. The booking system is scheduled to begin in June with a six month pilot which could then take full effect in 2023. Tourists planning to visit the city for the day will have to book if they want to be allowed into Venice. The entrance fee will be launched next year, although booking will start from June this summer. Simone Venturini, from the department of tourism, said: “Covid changed feelings and perceptions of what tourism is. READ MORE: Flight attendant says Starbucks is 'easiest way' to get free upgrade “We want less quantity and more quality. We will have an experimental phase starting this summer by the booking of the visits.” Luigi Brugnaro, mayor of Venice, tweeted: “Tourism in Venice is starting again, and is a breath of fresh air for tourism operators. “Today, many have understood that the booking system is the right path to take for a more balanced management of tourism.” Day tourists will need to book ahead and pay a fee between three and ten euros (£2.50-£8.30) to visit. Officials have said the maximum number of visitors will be capped at around 40,000 to 50,000 per day. People living in the wider Veneto region will also have to book to visit the city although they will not need to pay the fee. There will also be some more exemptions such as attending a funeral or visiting family which are soon to be announced. Tourists who stay in the city overnight will not be required to pay the tax as they already pay an overnight tax. Officials have said that they may introduce airport style turnstiles in future to control tourist numbers. Venice has struggled with overcrowding in recent years due to the huge number of tourists visiting the city. Some residents have complained about rising rent prices and the cost of essential goods such as groceries. Although Venice is the first city in the world to require tourists to book a visit, many other popular destinations have introduced tourist taxes. In Spain, tourists visiting Barcelona and some parts of the Balearic islands have to pay a tax. Meanwhile, Benidorm and Alicante have said they will choose not to apply a proposed tourist tax in the Costa Blanca. Wales has also discussed the idea of introducing a tourist tax, although it is not universally popular. Thailand has said it will introduce a tax to help cover any emergency medical costs for international tourists.