Vladimir Putin's troops have taken yet another step in Russia's military campaign against Ukraine after it was revealed Moscow has assembled offensive vessels in the Black Sea. The Kremlin's newest threat to Kyiv was exposed by the MoD in an intelligence update posted to Twitter this morning. It said: "Approximately 20 Russian Navy vessels are currently in the Black Sea operational zone, including submarines. "The Bosporus Strait remains closed to all non-Turkish warships, rendering Russia unable to replace its lost cruiser Moskva in the Black Sea." The MoD has also warned that the vessels assembling in the Black Sea could pose a serious threat to Ukraine. They claimed: "Despite the embarrassing losses of the landing ship Saratov and cruiser Moskva, Russia’s Black Sea Fleet retains the ability to strike Ukrainian and coastal targets." The intelligence update comes after Defence Secretary Ben Wallace claimed the Kremlin had sustained heavy losses since launching its invasion of Ukraine on February 24. Russian efforts to subdue Ukraine, which Vladimir Putin has described as a "special military operation", have resulted in 15,000 troops being killed. Mr Wallace said that 2,000 Russian armoured vehicles had been destroyed or captured, including 530 tanks and more than 60 Russian helicopters and fighter jets had been lost. Russia has also lost a number of high ranking military officials, including 36 colonels and eight generals since the fighting began. The mobilisation of warships and submarines in the Black Sea is not the first action Russia has taken in the area. Moscow's flagship Black Sea missile cruiser Moskva sunk in the area after it was said to have been "seriously damaged" following an incident in which the Kremlin has claimed ammunition onboard the vessel exploded as a result of an unexplained fire. But Kyiv argues they struck the vessel in a missile attack. More recently, the Kremlin has deployed trained military dolphins at its naval base in the Black Sea, according to the US Naval Institute's review. It is thought the use of the aquatic mammal could help protect its fleet from an underwater attack. Russia has also been putting pressure on Western nations in a non-military capacity - cutting off energy supplies to Poland and Bulgaria after the two countries refused to pay in rubles. DON'T MISS: EU was ‘completely wrong’ to rely on Russian gas - ‘Should have known' [REVEALED]Ukraine LIVE: Russia threatens to bomb Britons in 'immediate' attack [LIVE]Chinese drone giant DJI calls off business in Russia [SPOTLIGHT] Mr Zelensky dismissed the move as "blackmail", while European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said it showed Russia was an "unreliable" energy partner. Speaking to CNN earlier this week about the possibility of peace, Mr Zelensky said there is "no simple answer". He said: "It is obvious that every day – and especially today, when the third month of our resistance has begun – that everyone in Ukraine is concerned with peace, about when it will all be over. "There is no simple answer to that at this time."