The shroud was considered to be a holy relic and of course in medieval times no church was complete without a relic. It was believed miracles could be worked in the presence of holy relics, at the graves of holy men and women or in the presence of their body parts. Copies of holy relics like the Shroud of Turin were produced. They were not intended to fool anyone and were sold specifically as copies or secondary relics made in the presence of the original and then pressed against it. This could result in pigment getting onto the original and sometimes made it difficult to distinguish the genuine from a copy. Thus we can’t know, for certain, whether the shroud is original or a medieval copy. Some believe the shroud is Jesus’s burial cloth and during the resurrection process his image was transferred onto it. There is no record in the Bible of an image on a shroud when Jesus’s empty tomb was entered following his resurrection. If 1st century burial customs were observed when interning Jesus’s body then his head could have been wrapped in a cloth and his body wrapped in a shroud. If so his whole image could not appear on a single shroud. If we had Jesus’s description it would help to establish if his image is on the shroud. The Romans considered Jesus to be a terrorist and issued an arrest warrant which would have contained his description. The Bible tells us an arrest warrant was issued for “the King of the Jews,” but no copies have survived, however all is not lost. First century historian Josephus recorded Jesus’s description in a work called “Capture of Jerusalem.” Josephus’s description of Jesus is: “a man of simple appearance, mature age, dark skin, small in stature, three cubits high, hunchbacked, with a long face, long nose, meeting eyebrows, and with scanty hair with a parting in the middle of his head, after the manner of Nazarites, and with an undeveloped beard.” There is no hard evidence to prove this is Jesus’s description or, if it is, that it’s accurate, but many scholars believe it is authentic. This is not the appearance of Jesus depicted in Christian art. The church would want its principle icon to be good looking and would have done anything to propagate that image but what evidence is there to corroborate Josephus’s description of Jesus? If this description of Jesus is accurate then he would have been about 1.5 meters tall and a hunchback. Luke C19 V3 states “and he sought to see Jesus and he could not for the crowd, because he was low in stature.” This could mean either Jesus or the observer was small.  The Acts of John which did not make it into the Bible states: “I was afraid and cried out, and, he turning about appeared as a man of small stature and caught hold of my beard and pulled it and said to me John be not faithless but believing…” Both descriptions suggest Jesus was a small man, but what evidence is there to prove he was a hunchback? We don’t know for sure what causes the death of a crucifixion victim and it’s not possible to find out as the last one took place in 337. Normally a crucifixion victim would take two or more agonising days to die. Breathing would become difficult and the victim would have to take his body weight by pushing on his nailed feet to enable breathing. If this wasn’t possible then the victim would suffocate quite quickly. History recorded that Jesus died sooner than expected. Crucifixion would make it more difficult for a hunchback to breath. If Josephus’s description of Jesus is correct then this is further evidence proving the image on the shroud isn’t Jesus, but then who is it? 