Manchester United's £50million right-back Aaron Wan-Bissaka is being lined up for a shock return to Crystal Palace due to his ongoing struggles at Old Trafford. The former Eagles ace has lost his place in the side to Diogo Dalot following the appointment of Ralf Rangnick, creating question marks as to who will be the club's first-choice option moving forward. With that in mind, Express Sport assesses four right-backs United could turn to in the transfer market... Achraf Hakimi There has been talk in recent months that Hakimi is unhappy in Paris after just one season with Paris Saint-Germain. The Moroccan has also played for Real Madrid, Borussia Dortmund and Inter Milan in the past few years, which would suggest he is no stranger to moving clubs. And if PSG are ready to listen to offers, there would not be many better options for United in world football. Although Hakimi favours a wing-back role, the defender has shown he is one of the best on the planet when it comes to delivering regular numbers from full-back. While he is likely to cost upwards of £50m to £60m, this could prove to be a brilliant acquisition. Max Aarons With Norwich looking like certainties for the drop, United could be set to reap the rewards of a cut-price deal. The young right-back's value has dropped following a disappointing season but there is still huge potential for him to develop. The 22-year-old has been keen to take the next step in his career but Carrow Road chiefs have continued to dig their heels into the ground. That could now backfire though if their relegation is confirmed when a sale will inevitably be on the cards. Tariq Lamptey While his fitness record is questionable, Lamptey is emerging as one of the country's finest right-backs. Brighton are likely to demand upwards of £50m in order to agree to a sale with Arsenal also believed to be interested. He would bring more attacking qualities to the table having thrived under Graham Potter since arriving at the Amex from Chelsea. It remains to be seen whether United would be prepared to fork out the kind of money that Brighton would be offering. Zeki Celik Lille are looking to sell a number of their key players this summer and Celik could be up for grabs. He's a player Tottenham, Arsenal and Atletico Madrid have looked at in recent windows but the Turkish international has remained in France. Nonetheless, he was integral to their Ligue 1 title success last season and has shown he's capable of performing on the continental stage in the Champions League. On the plus side, Celik is likely to only cost around £15m, which would help United save funds for other areas of investment.