The Duke of Sussex, who is living in California with Meghan Markle, was stripped of his honorary military titles as part of Megxit. The Princess Royal, 71, will reportedly take on his previous position as Captain-General of the Royal Marines. Reports that Anne could pick up the role prompted a flurry of praise for the Queen's daughter on Twitter. One Twitter user, Barbara Lindsay, said: "Frankly no one better to do the job." Another with the handle @Desdemo05194742 wrote: "Best person for the job." A third, JanetW1958, commented: "Princess Anne is a great choice and will really give the Royal Marines the support they deserve." Another, @Patriciamr14, gushed: "And what an excellent replacement she would be I'm sure RMs will be overjoyed." A fifth Twitter user, @BrakemanRd, added: "As it should be. Princess Anne is the perfect choice." Another person, Eileen Kontrovitz, wrote: "He dropped out so why shouldn't someone pick up the slack? Good for the Princess for stepping up." One more, Gillian J Dubois, said: "What does he expect. He doesn't want to be part of the Royal family." READ MORE: Sophie and Edward suffer brutal dig on royal tour However other Twitter users rushed to defend the Duke. One with the handle @wolfiereborn insisted: "Nobody can fill Harry's shoes where the Marines are concerned. He still remains their Captain General Royal Marines." Anne is set to be announced as Captain-General of the Royal Marines in August, according to the Daily Star. The Queen's daughter would make history as the first woman to take on the important ceremonial role. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Queen urged to strip Harry and Meghan of titles [LIVE BLOG]Blow for Prince Harry as Princess Anne to replace him in key role [INSIGHT]Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? [POLL] Anne, who is widely recognised as the hardest-working royal, already holds the honorary title of Admiral in the Royal Navy. Harry and Meghan quit as working royals in March 2020 for a new life in the US. It was confirmed a year later that the Duke would be stripped of his beloved honorary military titles. Former soldier Harry took on the role of Captain-General of the Royal Marines from Prince Philip, who was in the post for more than 60 years.