The European Investment Bank (EIB) is the lending arm of the European Union, with some member states a shareholder. The UK received loans from the EIB before the 2016 Brexit vote, but deals with the EU’s bank dropped off after the vote to leave. But former MEP and vocal Brexiteer Ben Habib has claimed the UK is not disentangled from its financial relationship with the EIB. He told Express.co.uk the UK is "yet to properly Brexit", with the UK still "on the hook" for a number of agreements. He tore down the Prime Minister's rumbling Brexit negotiations that critics have slammed for their slow progress. He said: "The UK's shareholding in the EIB was worth roughly £11billion but the Government agreed to give up its shareholding as part of the withdrawal agreement for roughly £3billion (what we paid to buy our shareholding in the 1970s). We gave up £8billion which belonged to us and remained liable for the €500billion (£380billion) guarantee of its liabilities. Absolutely outrageous." Answering questions directly from Express.co.uk readers, Mr Habib called Mr Johnson's Brexit deal an agreement for Brexit "in name only". He added: "We have left the institutions of the EU but have stayed very closely aligned to it. "The PM promised we would take back control of our laws, our borders, our cash and our fish. "Boris Johnson has given away billions in cash and handed over our fishing waters to the EU for as long as the deal subsists. READ MORE: Ex-Whitehall ethics chief issued with 'partygate' fine "We remain on the hook for a joint and several guarantees of the European Investment Bank’s €500billion (£380billion) in liabilities." He added: "He even committed us to adhere to the European Convention of Human Rights and European Arrest warrant. "EU courts can pass an order to arrest a British person and that person can be arrested in the UK with very little protection from our own courts." According to the Institute for Government, the EIB poured €165billion into UK projects between 1973 and 2017. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: 'Assault on Union' Truss sent ultimatum [LIVE] Hundreds of new jobs as EU manufacturer chooses UK for new factory [REPORT] We can scrap the EU's restriction on cheap food imports - COMMENT [COMMENT] This accounted for about nine percent of the bank's total investments. The money went largely towards projects in London, the North West of England and Scotland. The UK, after the implementation of the Withdrawal Agreement, is still liable for the money which it must pay should the EIB suffer losses it is "unable to cover using its accumulated reserves" for projects approved before January 31, 2020. The UK would still have to pay the EIB exactly as other EU member states would, should the bank trigger these liabilities.   The UK's relationship with the EIB is therefore largely unchanged for projects approved before the Withdrawal Agreement was implemented. This is designed to avoid disruption from Brexit to projects already underway. Mr Habib has railed against the sum previously, telling Express.co.uk in July last year that the failure to pull out of the EIB was a "broken promise" to "take back control of our money". He added: "The UK is committed to an unspecified sum of payments to the EU, estimated in 2019 at £39billion.  "This sum is now the subject of a dispute between the EU and the UK. "The UK remains liable for a joint and several guarantees of the liabilities of the European Investment Bank for a sum of circa €500billion.