John Whittingdale MP said that while the BBC is still “an absolutely central pillar” of British broadcasting, the licence fee model will “have to change” given the enormity of entertainment available elsewhere. Mr Whittingdale claimed there are “lots of people for the first time” refraining from watching the BBC and questioning why they still have to pay for it. Mr Whittingdale told GB News: “There are lots of people now that for the first time are beginning to say, ‘Well, hold on, I don’t even watch the BBC’. “You’ve got a lot of very good entertainment available elsewhere from streamers to commercial broadcasters. “The BBC is still an absolutely central pillar of the broadcasting establishment but I think it is difficult to go on justifying why everybody should be forced to pay a charge for it, and in time I think that may have to change. “It will take time. It won’t happen for probably 10 years, but eventually we will have to find another way because, simply, the way in which people consume TV is changing so rapidly.” The Government announced at the beginning of this year that the BBC's licence fee will be scrapped by 2027. The move means that the broadcaster will have to explore a range of alternative options, such as part-privatisation or a subscription service. Culture secretary Nadine Dorries also announced that the price of the fee would be frozen at £159 until 2024 before a slight increase until the end of the deal. The announcement was regarded as a hammer blow to the BBC as they try to compete with streaming giants such as Netflix and Disney+. READ MORE: Is Boris listening? Macron vows to ditch TV licence fee [REVEAL] Ms Dorries said: “This licence fee announcement will be the last. The days of the elderly being threatened with prison sentences and bailiffs knocking on doors are over. “Time now to discuss and debate new ways of funding, supporting and selling great British content.” A close ally of the culture secretary said that “the days of state-run TV are over”, adding that the BBC “as they know it” is finished. They said: “There will be a lot of anguished noises about how it will hit popular programmes, but they can learn to cut waste like any other business. This will be the last BBC licence fee negotiation ever. “Work will start next week on a mid-term review to replace the charter with a new funding formula. It’s over for the BBC as they know it.” DON'T MISS: C4 privatisation could be 'first step' to axing BBC licence fee [INSIGHT] 'You'll take away quality' Chris Packham on BBC licence fee debate [INSIGHT]BBC says a quarter of staff will come from poorer backgrounds by 2027 [REVEAL]  The BBC came under fire in 2020 during the pandemic after they reneged on their offer of free TV licences for over 75s. The broadcaster announced a new means-tested system that meant that most over-75s were then faced with the option of paying for the channel or giving it up. TV host Piers Morgan labelled the move “a disgrace” on Wednesday while talking to Ros Atkins on BBC Radio 4 He said: “And I felt what you did with the over 75s was a total disgrace and I said that loudly and clearly on Good Morning Britain regularly and I really feel that was a betrayal of pensioners in this country.” 