Recent figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) show that British consumers have started cutting back on energy and essentials in recent weeks. The organisation's survey of 13,000 UK adults found that 83 percent saw their cost of living increase in March, and 31 percent said they had spent less on food. A further 34 percent said they had cut back on gas, prompting questions about potential heating alternatives as April proves unseasonably cold. The latest move to boost the price cap will sting Britons with an average increase of nearly £700 to their annual bills. For many households, that already devastating uplift could prove insurmountable, as prices go up elsewhere and National Insurance with them. Fuel poverty potentially awaits those unable to pay, leaving up to two million more people struggling to live. READ MORE: Government needs to subsidise energy bills for every UK citizen – POLL Most households currently operate central heating via a gas boiler which burns fuel to heat water funnelled through the appliances. Roughly 78 percent of British homes have one installed at present, while the remainder - around 22 percent - have an electric boiler. Electric boilers generate hot running water by heating an element with conducted electricity. Finding the cheapest of the two depends on a series of factors, some of which Express.co.uk has considered below. Consumers pay for the products their boilers use, meaning efficiency is paramount when considering costs. Gas is, by nature, the least efficient of the two, as even high rated (A to C) units waste between 18 to 10 percent. Electricity, on the other hand, is 100 percent efficient, with 1kWh generating one unit of heating. In the long run, that means people receive more electricity for what they pay compared to gas, making it more expensive. A fully installed heater, electric or gas, uses product to generate heat. Ultimately, how much companies charge depends on wholesale prices, as firms pass on their costs to consumers. Gas is much less expensive than electricity at the moment, whether on or off-peak, according to the Energy Saving Trust. The trust estimates that gas costs around 7.4p per kWh, while off-peak electricity is more than double at 16.4p and on-peak double again at 34.1 percent.