This wait time could see some claimants facing dire circumstances. However, there are advance payment schemes available for those enduring financial hardship due to the five-week wait.   People usually receive their first Universal Credit payment seven days after the end of their first assessment period. From here on they will be paid monthly on the same date unless it falls on a weekend or bank holiday. With the Easter weekend, Universal Credit recipients expecting payments on April 15, 16, 17 and 18 will instead receive them on April 14. Additionally, Universal Credit rates have risen by 3.1 percent on Monday April 11. Advance payments are available for new claimants who experience financial hardship while waiting for their first payment. READ MORE: PIP claim: The full list of freebies and discounts available from DWP - worth thousands  This includes situations where they will not be able to pay for necessities such as rent or food during the five weeks. However, the advance does need to be repaid. The amount one receives in their advance will need to be paid back out of their future Universal Credit payments. This means their payments will be smaller than expected until the advance is completely paid off.  If they stop receiving Universal Credit before the advance is paid back other arrangements will need to be made. For example it will then be taken from their wages or other benefits they receive. This type of advance is specifically for claimants waiting for their first Universal Credit payments or people who have had a change in circumstances which would see their benefits increase but are still waiting for this new payment. Britons can apply for the advance by speaking to their Jobcentre Plus work coach, online or calling the Universal Credit helpline.   To apply for the advance online, recipients must be in their first Universal Credit assessment period and have had an interview at the Jobcentre. They will usually need to explain why they need an advance, provide bank details for the advance to be paid into and undergo an identity check at a Jobcentre. Decisions on advances are usually made on the same day the application is submitted. Claimants could get up to 100 percent of their estimated Universal Credit payments. The advance is usually repaid through deductions with the first one being on their first payment of Universal Credit.  It must usually be paid back within: People who have had an advance can ask for their repayments to be delayed under exceptional circumstances. Repayments can be delayed for three months if it is for a new claim or one month if it is for a change of circumstances.