Lewis Hamilton has been asked to "sit down” and “discuss” his issues with Saudi Arabia after he spoke out against the country at last week’s race. Hamilton said his “position is still the same” as last year when he said he was “uncomfortable” with racing in the kingdom. It is then believed the seven-time champion was among at least five drivers who wanted to axe the race after a missile attack close by on Friday. Hamilton even added he wanted to “go home” when asked if he has any concerns about racing in the country next year. Saudi’s minister of sport His Royal Highness Prince Abdulaziz Bin Turki Al-Faisal has welcomed an “open discussion” over the issues. He said: “I saw the comments that Lewis had, and that he had issues with some of the things in Saudi Arabia. I told him openly and frankly that you can speak to me. “Let's sit down, discuss what are your issues, and understand where we are, because a lot of these things, you read a lot about Saudi Arabia but you don't see what are the details. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton has message for former rival Sebastian Vettel  “We could have said we don't want a headache, let the international community condemn us as much as they like and have controversy but no one interferes. But we didn't. We're here for an open discussion and that's what I said, with the FIA and F1. We should sit together and understand the situation, because we're here together.” The Grand Prix Drivers Association (GPDA) agreed to race in Saudi Arabia last week after reassurances were given over safety. However, it is believed the drivers have called for more power to decide where F1 visits on future calendars. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton admits he has 'struggled emotionally' in candid message [INSIGHT]Mercedes 'to experiment' on Lewis Hamilton's car [COMMENT]Mercedes backed to battle Red Bull and Ferrari 'in two or three races' [ANALYSIS] Sky Sports F1’s Craig Slater has since claimed “that is going to happen” with the events in Saudi Arabia accelerating it. He said: “The drivers want to be more integrated into strategic discussions and have more of an input into some of the key decision-making within the sport – and that is going to happen. There will be meetings with themselves and Formula One’s bosses over the next couple of weeks. They want an input into matters including where F1 goes to race in the future. “This has been on the agenda, if not where to race exactly but the drivers having an increased role, for some time now. But events in Saudi Arabia have rather accelerated it."