A Place In The Sun star Leah Charles-King took to Instagram to reveal all about the extreme weather conditions she was enduring. Leah had been driving with her TV team in Alicante, Spain, with the mountain Puig Campana appearing majestically in the distance - or at least it would have been, had the views not been obscured by drizzling rain. With her mood verging between crying and laughing, Leah revealed that as "a Londoner via the Caribbean", she was also finding the conditions unbearably "freezing cold". However, it wasn't just the temperatures that were worrying her, as an extreme gale had almost sent her flying across the mountain when she'd attempted to film a segment for the property hunting show amid the storm. "We went out there for like two seconds," an open-mouthed Leah exclaimed. "The umbrella not only broke in half within moments, but it blew me almost across the mountain!" READ NOW: Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home She then confessed: "It's actually gotten to the point where it's just a bit dangerous. "Why would we be standing out in a gale storm just to show them a mountain?" Leah, who had been pretending to sob seconds earlier, admitted defeat and decided: "I think maybe we should abort mission and get to the next property." In another Instagram Stories clip, she told her 11,600 followers that they had truly "tried".  Leah joined the A Place In The Sun family relatively recently, having started a career in the entertainment industry more than 30 years ago. She was signed to Sony Music as a teenager to pursue fame as part of an R&B group and has since performed as a backing vocalist for the likes of George Michael and Mary J Blige. She secured two top 40 singles back in the 90s for her group, Kleshay. Meanwhile, she has had her fair share of experience with radio presenting too. Her website states that she has "1000s of hours of live unscripted TV presenting experience", although this extreme weather mishap is perhaps something she might not have encountered before. Fans of the show welcomed Leah last October, and learnt that she has a passion for viewing exotic properties in sun-drenched locations. Her family members own land in Saint Lucia, Grenada and the Caribbean. Leah said at the time: "I’m so excited to be joining the A Place in the Sun family! I've been watching the show since it began and I feel especially privileged to be working on such an iconic programme."