Good Morning Britain hosts Kate Garraway and Adil Ray spoke with Richard Arnold on Tuesday about Great British Bake Off star Prue Leith making her acting debut in a sci-fi movie with Blondie singer Debbie Harry. However, as they discussed the movie, a photo of Debbie popped up on the screen, and Kate couldn't believe how good the 76-year-old looked. "Is that Blondie now?" Kate asked as a snap of the singer popped up on the screen. "That's Blondie now, yes," Richard replied before Kate added in disbelief: "What the heck?" Adil chipped in: "What do you mean, what the heck?" "She looks amazing," Kate praised as Richard continued: "She has ripened beautifully." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton in double affair drama The entertainment host explained: "Deborah Meaden will be playing a newsreader in the film and Prue Leith alongside her real-life husband, John Playfair, will be playing Blondie's parents. "But as John is younger than Debbie Harry and Prue is just six years older that really is the stuff of science fiction." "I am going to see Blondie next week," Adil proceeded to say as Kate asked: "Are you? How exciting." "She is performing," Adil explained before Richard cheekily said: "I am glad you cleared that up." "That is so exciting, isn't it?" Kate added. "I was so jealous of Blondie, she was just so cool when I was young. "I realise even now I am jealous of her, nothing has actually changed, she is still fabulous." "As are you," Richard complimented as Kate replied: "Richard, it is lovely to have you back." Prue has a small role in the film and plays the mother of Debbie's character, Admiral Pix. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [INSIGHT]Vera star pays tribute to co-star Brenda Blethyn [NEWS]Coronation Street theory: Gary kills again after Rick discovery [SPOILERS] Details of Debbie's new project were revealed at a private screening on Sunday night. The Blondie star appeared on the red carpet will film creators Vin and Omi. The movie will centre around how the earth is dying after centuries of abuse by humans. Debbie then has to make some difficult choices about who to leave behind, including her loved ones. According to reports, Prue didn't meet Debbie during the making of the movie as it was filmed throughout the pandemic. Vin and Omi apparently chose the Bake Off judge because they wanted someone "strong-minded".   Elsewhere on GMB, Richard spoke about Liam Payne's controversial interview where his accent appeared to change. The host explained: "It turns out Liam has a rather valid excuse for the mixed accents that he attributed after one too many sherbets." They continued to share a clip of Liam defending his interview with Noel Phillips. He explained he was staying in a house with two German people, three people from Texas, and one person from Liverpool. "I sounded like one of those jokes when an Irishman and Englishman walk into a pub," the singer joked. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.