State pensioners hoped the Government would increase their sum to £380 per week to help them with the cost of living rise. Many signed an official Parliament petition which called for action on the matter. The petition, entitled ‘Increase the state pension to £19,760 a year (£380 a week)’,   garnered nearly 45,000 signatures at the time of writing. It asserted the state pension as it currently stands is “not enough to live on”, given the sum does not match the National Living Wage. At present, the National Living Wage is £9.50 per hour, which works out as over £19,000 for those who work full time for 40 hours per week. The petition added: “Most pensioners live active lives and have to pay the same bills as others have to find money for but are expected to do it on less than half the income of those on the national living wage, this is unacceptable. READ MORE: State pensioners may see sum affected if in a workplace pension “Level up and treat everyone the same, this is the right thing to do.” However, the calls for a substantial increase to the state pension sum were rejected by the Government. In its official response, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) stated there were “no plans” to match the state pension to the National Living Wage. This, it asserted, is because the two payments serve different purposes within society. DON'T MISSPensioners with arthritis or other conditions may get extra £92 [INSIGHT]Nationwide offers 2.5% interest rate account but for a ‘limited time' [UPDATE]State pensioners face ‘very difficult time’ ahead - how to get support [EXCLUSIVE] The Government said: “We disagree with the proposed approach of this petition. “The state pension and the National Living Wage have different purposes, and a direct comparison cannot be drawn. “The NLW aims to protect low income workers and provide an incentive to work by ensuring that workers benefit from being employed. Most pensioners have left the labour market.”  What do you think about the state pension amount? Join the debate in the comments section here. State pensioners have various entitlements which they can turn to, the DWP added. It cited free bus passes, free eye tests and free NHS prescriptions for those over state pension age. Low income pensioners are also eligible for Pension Credit, which offers a free TV licence to those over the age of 75. In addition, Winter Fuel Payments are said to offer support for energy bills “worth over £2billion every winter”. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It may, however, not be the end for the petition, as it continues to garner signatures. At 100,000 signatures, all petitions are considered for debate in Parliament. At present, the full new state pension is £185.15 per week. Some may get less than this if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. The full basic state pension, the older scheme, is worth £141.85 per week. The actual amount people will get is usually dependent on their National Insurance contributions.