Britney Spears, 40, has announced she is pregnant with her third baby, her first with husband Sam Asghari, 28. The pop star, who was recently released from her conservatorship, celebrated the happy news and teased that it could even be twins. Taking to Instagram, where she boasts 40.3million followers, Britney explained she had initially thought she was just gaining weight. She already has two sons, Sean Preston, 16, and Jayden James, 15, with her ex-husband Kevin Federline. Alongside a photo of some pink flowers on a table, the Toxic hitmaker penned: "I lost so much weight to go on my Maui trip only to gain it back  … I thought “Geez … what happened to my stomach ???” My husband said “No you’re food pregnant silly !!!” "So I got a pregnancy test … and uhhhhh well … I am having a baby  … 4 days later I got a little more food pregnant It’s growing !!! If 2 are in there … I might just loose it". Britney, who has struggled with her mental health due to the pressures of fame, vowed not to leave her house much now that she is expecting, in order to avoid paparazzi. She wrote: "obviously won’t be going out as much due to the paps getting their money shot of me like they unfortunately already have". The soon-to-be-mum-of-three added that she believes she suffered from perinatal depression when she was pregnant before, and it was "absolutely horrible". Perinatal depression is a mood disorder that can occur during and after pregnancy. Britney continued: "women didn’t talk about it back then … some people considered it dangerous if a woman complained like that with a baby inside her … "but now women talk about it everyday … thank Jesus we don’t have to keep that pain a reserved proper secret … This time I will be doing yoga every day !!! Spreading lots of joy and love". Her fans flocked to the comments to send their warm congratulations, with the post racking up almost 200,000 likes in 45 minutes. "Baby one more time!" wrote Brittanyjomiller. DON'T MISS: Brooklyn Beckham shares first glimpse of wedding with Nicola Peltz [PICTURES] Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer [NEWS] Insight into Brooklyn Beckham's star-studded brunch [INSIGHT] "Sending you so much love, Britney!" added Framingbritneyspears. Britney appears to have confirmed she has wed model and personal trainer Sam, who proposed in September 2021, as she now refers to him as her husband, despite no wedding photos having emerged. They met in 2016 on the set of her music video for Slumber Party. Fans of the much-loved star will be especially glad her dreams are coming true, after Britney stood up in court last summer and said she was desperate for her conservatorship to end so that she could get married and have another baby.  Amongst several claims of abuse against her father Jamie Spears, who was in control of her estate, she claimed she was given an IUD - a contraceptive coil that she wasn't allowed to remove. Last November, Britney was freed from the conservatorship after 13 years. On a recent holiday, the loved-up pair made it clear they had plans to hear the pitter patter of tiny feet, as Sam told TMZ they were devoting the trip to "a lot of baby-making". Sam has yet to comment on the exciting news, but revealed in a recent Instagram post that he is feeling "focused".