Grand National runner Discorama has died, having been put to sleep due to an 'untreatable' injury the horse sustained during the iconic Aintree race on Saturday evening. Trainer Paul Nolan confirmed the news on social media. Discorama, who pulled up before the 13th fence, is the third horse to be put down at this year's Festival after Elle Est Belle earlier in the day on the second race of the card, while Solwara One was the first fatality on Friday. Since 2000, 58 horses have died at the famous Aintree meeting and only 15 of the 40 runners in the 2022 National made it to the finishing line. Nolan wrote: "We are heartbroken to have lost Discorama today at Aintree. Bryan pulled him up due to injury. Our condolences to his owners Andrew Gemmell & Tom Friel." ITV Racing present Ed Chamberlain had reported after the National, which was won by the 50-1 Noble Yeats, that the horse was being "assessed" back in the stable yard before jockey Bryan Cooper said: "He was going OK early on but he ended up pulling up lame." Discorama was later diagnosed to have suffered an untreatable pelvic injury. Professor Chris Proudman, veterinary advisor to Aintree racecourse, explained: "After the race, Discorama, who had pulled up while travelling on the flat between fences, was assessed further in Aintree's veterinary treatment facility within the stables. "Very sadly we determined that he had sustained an untreatable pelvic injury and it has now been necessary to put him to sleep on welfare grounds. Our thoughts are with his connections." While trainer Nolan continued: "It's devastating. It's very sad for his owners. He was a great horse but unfortunately that is part of the game. He went peacefully and, while we are all devastated, the reality of the situation is I didn't make it to Aintree because my own father is very sick at home and unfortunately it doesn't look good. We've our own worries at home and, at times like this, it provides a bit of perspective." Chris Luffingham, director of external affairs at leading animal welfare charity the League Against Cruel Sports, said: "The death of Discorama today at the Grand National is a reflection of the shocking safety record of this race – it is the 14th horse to be destroyed at the race since the year 2000. "This death toll is simply unacceptable and a blight on the horse racing industry. We need new safety measures to prioritise horse welfare and to bring about an end to this sickening spectacle. Enough is enough. "Whipping horses and forcing them to run for miles at breakneck speeds, all the while attempting to jump over dangerous obstacles, is a throwback to days when animal welfare was not a major concern. We need a new independent, regulatory body which focuses purely on the welfare of the horse and ends the use of the whip and the cruelty and body count associated with the Grand National." Changes introduced to the Aintree racecourse since 2012 to improve safety for the horses include changing and rebuilding fences, facilities and stables. The Jockey Club website states: "From the very moment a horse arrives at Aintree the most important thing to the racecourse is its safety and welfare." New approaches and bypass areas have also been added to the course to make the approach of each fence safer. The health of horses is assessed by veterinarians at Aintree before the race to ensure they are safe to compete and not a danger to themselves or the other horses in the race. Ahead of the National, Dr David Stack, a Senior Lecturer in Equine Surgery at the University of Liverpool, told BBC Radio Merseyside that the local equine hospital has similar facilities that the NHS would provide for human patients. "We will have a number of teams on standby at all times with specialisms in a variety of different areas that should cover any eventuality," he said. "In terms of facilities and the service provision, significant improvements have been made in recent years. "The Aintree track for example includes things like pre-race vet checks, appropriate post-race facilities for cooling down horses and other course safety measures like steering loose horses, horses that have unseated their riders, away from the main pack." Express Sport has contacted the Jockey Club for comment.