  Will Smith, 53, was the butt of several jokes at the Grammy Awards last night. The Men In Black actor sparked controversy after he slapped Chris Rock, 57, live on stage at the Oscars two weekends ago.       Grammy Awards host Trevor Noah, 38, poked fun at Will last night following his now infamous altercation with comedian Chris. Trevor, along with a number of his fellow celebrities, took to the stage yesterday to make quips at the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air star’s expense. Chaos ensued at the Oscars a week ago when Will walked up to Chris and slapped him after the comedian made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith, 50. Following the slap, Will returned to his seat only to yell repeatedly at Chris, telling him: “Keep my wife’s name out your f***ing mouth.” READ MORE: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet     The incident has since been an endless source of speculation in Hollywood, with the fallout slowly becoming apparent over the past week. Plenty of comedians have already made fun of the controversial events at the Oscars - a trend that seemed to continue in Trevor’s opening monologue at the Grammy Awards. In reference to Will Smith’s yells, he joked to the audience: "We're gonna be keeping people's names out of our mouths." The dramatic moment was then brought up again during the celeb-packed event, drawing laughs from the crowd once more.      LeVar Burton, 65, who hosted the premiere ceremony ahead of the main event, went viral for the moment he introduced guest presenter, comedian Nate Bargatze, 43. As he welcomed Nate to the stage, LeVar remarked: "Our next presenter is a comedian, if you know what I mean. “So I need to caution everybody; remain in your seats and keep your hands to yourself.” Nate then took the joke one step further, however, as he took to the stage wearing a padded helmet. READ MORE... Jane Seymour addresses posing for Playboy aged 67 [INSIGHT] Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [NEWS] Cat Deeley moved to UK after husband and son caught in mall shooting [NEWS]      With reference to Will’s slap, he quipped: “They said comedians have to wear these now at award shows during their joke parts." On March 27, viewers were shocked when Will struck Chris across the face and yelled expletives at him following a joke the comedian made about his wife. Chris referenced Jada’s decision to shave her head, which she had previously admitted felt “heartbreaking” for her to do. Referencing the 1997 action film G.I. Jane, starring Demi Moore, who shaved her head for the role, Chris quipped: “Jada, I love you. G.I. Jane 2, can’t wait to see you.”      Following the blow from Will, Chris attempted to regain his composure and said: “Wow, Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me. “That was the greatest night in the history of television.” After the incident, Will made a tearful return to the stage to accept his Best Actor Award for King Richard, where he made his apologies to those in attendance. Chris opted not to press charges against Will and has since admitted he is “still processing” what happened.   