The likes of Harry Maguire and Jadon Sancho have been stripped of their confidence at Manchester United and now look 'terrified' every time they step onto the pitch at Old Trafford, according to Jamie Carragher. The Red Devils have endured a hugely difficult campaign and look set to miss out on Champions League qualification at the end of the season after failing to put things right following the departure of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer back in November. Maguire has come under fire on a regular basis as a result of his sub-par showings for United in recent months, while Sancho has impressed on a handful of occasions but is yet to justify the £73million fee paid to Borussia Dortmund for his services last summer. Carragher believes that both players, along with Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Luke Shaw, are too short on confidence to perform to the best of their abilities under the pressure of representing a club like United."When Harry Maguire, Luke Shaw, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Jadon Sancho joined United, there was a sense the club was going in the right direction with young English talent. Now they look terrified to play at Old Trafford," wrote Carragher in his column for The Telegraph.It remains to be seen whether United's misfiring stars will be able to put things right under the guidance of incoming manager Erik ten Hag, who is set to replace Ralf Rangnick in the dugout ahead of next season. The Dutchman will reportedly be given plenty of money to spend on new players in the summer as he looks to prepare for a renewed top-four challenge in the Premier League at the next time of asking. JUST IN: Gary Neville warns Erik ten Hag over two-year wait to claim silverware The addition of a new midfielder is said to be on the agenda at Old Trafford, with Jude Bellingham and Declan Rice reportedly among the potential targets on United's radar ahead of the summer months. However, the pair have been warned by Carragher that joining the Red Devils is unlikely to be in their best interests at this moment in time."If I was Declan Rice or Jude Bellingham observing their England team-mates’ troubles, unless my motivation was a big payday, I would run a mile if United called," said the former Liverpool defender.United are likely to compete at the top end of the transfer market this summer regardless of whether or not they manage to qualify for next season's Champions League, but Ten Hag will be aware that a quick fix will be nigh-on impossible to engineer in his first transfer window at the helm. The Dutchman has already been warned by Rangnick that it could take a number of years for him to bring United back to the forefront of English football due to the scale of the current situation at Old Trafford. "It’s embarrassing, it’s completely disappointing and also humiliating, but we’ve got to accept that they’re six years ahead of us," Rangnick told beIN Sports after United's humbling defeat at the hands of Liverpool earlier this week."When you compare that squad that Liverpool has with the one that Jurgen inherited when he came six years ago I think at the end of his first season they finished eighth. They had a point average of 1.6."This is roughly where we are right now with our current team so this team needs to be rebuilt. It's clear and a game like today showed that even in a very drastic way that this rebuild is necessary." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here