The Duchess of Sussex was seen holding her husband's hand as the couple made a rare appearance in Europe together. For the Duchess, her arrival at the opening of the games was her first visit to Europe in two years. With the relationship between the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and some members of the Royal Family reportedly fractured the couple shared a heartfelt moment as the games begin.  Perched on the front row of seats with officials and dignitaries, Prince Harry appeared solemn as he bowed his head, with Meghan tenderly holding his hand. Prince Harry met with his grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II prior to coming to the games. Having visited the Queen at Windsor, Harry and Meghan did not meet up with his brother Prince William who is away with his wife and children on a skiing holiday. The footage of the moment was published by the US Invictus team outside the US embassy in The Hague.  The games have been a key legacy of Prince Harry who founded the project, having witnessed a similar concept in the US. Having served in the military himself, the games bring together veterans from around the world to compete in games designed for injured personnel. The event has been compared to the Paralympics. First held in 2014 in London, the second Invictus Games held in Toronto saw the couple appear together for the first time.  READ MORE:Meghan and Harry's meeting with Queen could be used in Netflix series In another heart-warming moment, Meghan was yesterday seen handing over her coat to a mother carrying a newborn baby as temperatures dropped in the Netherlands. Meghan could be seen in an all-white ensemble as she walked closely behind her husband as they attended pre-event functions the night before the opening ceremony. Criticism has shadowed the couple’s visit to Europe as “Netflix” cameras follow the Sussexes’ around the games.  DON'T MISS:Andrew Neil calls on France and Germany to pull weight in war [REPORT]Zelensky outlines how West can help make war 'shorter' [REVEAL]Elon Musk suffers major blow as Twitter 'go nuclear' [INSIGHT] Since leaving the UK, the couple has signed a multi-million pound deal with the online streaming service. The deal will see a special documentary covering the games entitled: “Heart of Invictus”. The piece will be the first programme co-produced by the couple and the streaming giant. Prince Harry is thought to be staying for the duration of the games, whilst Meghan is expected to be staying for the first few days of the event. With security a contentious issue for the couple, special measures have been taken for their trip to Holland The couple has reportedly taken a private security team with them and will be protected by in-country officials after being designated VVIPs – Very Very Important People – by the Dutch authorities, according to reports. 