Kitchen floors are the hardest-working floors in a porperty. Not only do they get bathed in any number of splashes and spills, but because kitchens tend to see more foot traffic than any other room in the house, they’re also the most trod-upon floors. One type of particularly tricky mark is scuff marks, which can be caused by any type of rubber that gets rubbed across the floor. This includes the soles of athletic shoes, rubber toys, rubber tips of furniture or ladder legs, or rubber-bottomed rugs or mats. Hard leather soles can also leave scuff marks. Scuff marks won’t come off of floors with regular cleaning, even mopping. Using heavy chemicals or abrasive products can damage your floor’s finish and still might not remove the mark. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout But the good news is that scuff marks, unsightly as they are and as difficult as they seem to be to remove, won’t permanently damage floors. Rather, they are remnants of the rubber sitting on top of your floor’s finish. With the right technique, scuff marks will lift off of floors and leave no trace behind. Cleaning experts at Kitchn have detailed the “easiest” way to remove “scuff marks”. They said: “A tennis ball is actually one of the easiest ways to remove scuff marks. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to ‘easily’ clean oven glass ‘properly’ - ‘no scrubbing’ [COMMENT]Weeding tips: How to ‘effectively’ kill weeds for ‘zero cost’ [EXPERT]Laundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes [TIPS] “Because your kitchen floor has a high probability of being traversed by sneakers and black rubber tips (like the ones on your step stool), it makes sense to keep a tennis ball right there, accessible, in your kitchen.” Rubber tips on the feet of chairs or step stools can also leave scuff marks. Here’s what Britons need to know when it comes to using a tennis ball to buff out scuff marks. The experts said: “First off, you’ll be better off if you grab a new one for your kitchen, so that you won’t have to deal with any dirt that’s clinging to it. “A used one is okay too, as long as you slough off any sand or dirt. “Once you have your ball, you can either use it as is, by getting down on your hands and knees. “If you’d rather stand, use a box cutter to cut an X into the tennis ball and slide the top end of a broom or mop handle into the cuts. “This will help save your knees and give you some leverage while you work.” Sweep or vacuum the area and then use the fuzzy ball to buff out any scuff marks. Use leverage to apply pressure while you move the tennis ball back and forth in order to “erase” the scuff mark from the floor. If the scuff marks are dark, homeowners will see that the left-behind rubber transfers cleanly from the floor to the surface of the tennis ball. What’s more, they are safe to use on any type of flooring.