Putting yourself out there is always intimidating, and if you’re new to dating apps and sites it can feel almost overwhelming. With all the options available, which one do you choose? And how do you find someone special amongst the millions of singles? We’re here to help. In order to give you a hand choosing the site best suited to you, we’ve rounded up the eight best dating sites in the UK to help you find exactly what you’re looking for. READ MORE: 16 best face sunscreens that offer non-greasy SPF protection for every skin type READ MORE: 11 best setting sprays for makeup that won’t budge   How does it work? With almost one in five people in Britain knowing a couple who met on Match, this is a dating site that knows what it’s doing. If you’re looking for a dating site that’s going to help you get back into the game, look no further than Match.com. The website comes with a virtual dating coach that gives you “dating advice, personalised selections, tips to improve your profile, and icebreakers for your first messages” - perfect for if you’re feeling a bit unsure how dating sites work. On top of this, the website comes packed full of tips and tricks to help you on your journey to finding love. The site also facilitates Match nights, so you can go and meet other singles in person if you’re hoping for that in-person spark, as well as a video chat feature so you can talk on the phone before meeting up in real life. Three million users in the UK From £12.99 (per month) Try now: uk.match.com How does it work? Based on a 2020 survey of UK, US, and Australian residents, eHarmony was the most trusted dating site - which in a world where dating apps and sites are constantly derided for encouraging a casual dating culture, this level of trust is saying something. Using a tailored algorithm, the site creates “highly compatible relationships based on key dimensions of personality that predict the most successful, meaningful relationships”. Five million users in the UK From £11.95 (per month) Try now: eharmony.co.uk How does it work? While you may think dating apps and sites are all for the younger generation, this couldn’t be further from the truth. Most sites have a wide age range of users, so you can really go for any. But the site Ourtime has been specifically designed for people in their 50s and 60s to use, so you’ll be more likely to find someone in your age range if you opt for this one. The site helps to match singles over 50 with similar interests, so you can be sure you’ll have things in common, and they even host local events so you can meet like-minded singles in person while having a fun day out. Three million users in the UK Free - Sign up here Try now: ourtime.co.uk How does it work? Using behavioural matchmaking technology, Zoosk personalises the dating process to “help singles find the person and relationship that’s just right for them”. The famous matchmaking technology learns as you click, so it can pair you with singles you’re likely to have a mutual attraction with. 27 million users worldwide From: £29.99 for one month, £20 a month for 3 months, £15 a month for six months Try now: dating.zoosk.com How does it work? Owned by the Match Group, dating direct is popular with young professionals as it uses work and education background as a major matching criterion, so you can meet someone with a similar background to you. Most widely used by people between the ages of 25 and 40, but is quickly growing in popularity in older demographics too. Five million users in the UK From: £29.99 (per month) Try now: uk.match.com https://go.skimresources.com?id=76202X1587086&xs=1&xcust=Express---bestdatingsite-EVG&url=https%3A%2F%2Fuk.match.com%2F How does it work? The UK’s leader in speed dating and singles events, this is a dating site for those who are committed to meeting their special someone in person. For the speed dating events, you get about five minutes with each person, after which you tick a score sheet yes if you’d like to see them again, and no if you’d rather not - this is just for you to keep track of whom you clicked with. After the speed dating, there’s an opportunity for everyone to mingle informally and get to know each other better. Then, after the event, you tick whom you liked on the Original Dating website, and if it’s reciprocated you’ll be able to message them on the site to get to know each other better and exchange information, so you can get that first date planned. More than 6,000 events have been organised with over 250,000 attendees. From £15 for an event ticket. Try now: originaldating.com How does it work? The UK’s largest dating site for married people, this site is designed to be “discreet, safe, and fun” for those who are already in committed relationships. Many modern couples are turning their backs on monogamy in order to embrace open relationships, but already being married or attached can be a major dealbreaker for people on traditional dating sites - making it tricky to find potential partners. Illicit Encounters make this easier by matching you with people who are in a similar situation, who are also looking to date outside of their committed relationships. The site creates a non-judgemental, no-pressure environment for members. Unlike other sites, members can remain anonymous with password protection on photographs, to protect their identities. One million users in the UK From £169.99 for a 4-week Gold Membership Try now: illicitencounters.com How does it work? Dating apps and sites get exhausting if you’re more of a picky dater who knows exactly what they’re looking for. OkCupid helps you weed out inappropriate matches by asking questions about the things you care about, and then connecting you on what really matters so you can find people you’re really compatible with. Two-and-a-half million users in the UK From £7.95 (per month) Try now: okcupid.com While paying for a dating site might feel a little strange at first, especially if you’re used to traditional dating, it really helps to invest in finding the right person. While there are plenty of free dating apps and sites available, they don’t do much to personalise the service and help you find a match unless you pay a subscription fee. What’s “worth it” differs from person to person, but if you’re ready to find someone and don’t want to waste time on people who very obviously aren’t suited to you, many would say it’s absolutely worth it. According to the many millions of people around the world who met their partner on one - absolutely not. While the people who do feel like their time was wasted are usually the loudest detractors of online dating, there are many, many people whose lives have been changed for the better by dating sites. While there’s of course no guarantee you’ll meet the love of your life, chances are even if you don’t you’ll still meet some kind, like-minded people who will remind you there are plenty of good people out there. While dating sites are just as safe as going on a date with a stranger you met at a bar or any other location, there are some precautions you can take to keep yourself safe - and many are applicable to offline dating too. Dating site eHarmony offers the following tips to ensure you’re protecting your safety while online dating: Although it’s easy to get swept up in the romance of it all when you feel an instant connection, it’s wise to remember that there’s still a lot left to learn about the person you’re talking to. eHarmony recommends you: - Never give out your credit card number or bank account information. - Never share your Social Security Number, mother’s maiden name or other private information like your address that can be used to access your financial information. - Never send money or goods to a person. - This includes keeping your profile private, so no last names, workplaces, addresses, or other identifying information in the early stages of talking. According to eHarmony, these are some of the most common red flags when getting to know someone new online: - Claims to be from the UK but is currently living, working or travelling abroad. - Claims they are experiencing an emergency situation that requires your assistance, in either goods (like gift cards) or money. - Disappears suddenly from the site then reappears under a different name. - Wants the relationship to progress faster than you are comfortable going. - Asks inappropriate questions. - Tells inconsistent or exaggerated stories. - Gives vague answers to specific questions. - Claims to be recently widowed. eHarmony recommends doing your due diligence before organising to meet in person, by putting their name into a search engine and taking a look at their social media profiles. eHarmony has plenty of tips for ensuring you’re safe and comfortable the first time you meet up with someone from a dating app or site, with its top tips being: - Meet in public for your first few dates, if your date is insisting on meeting somewhere private, this should be taken as a serious red flag. - Don’t let your date pressure you into drug or alcohol consumption, and be sure you only consume a safe amount. Know your limits so you can trust your decision making. - Organise your transportation before you get there, and never agree to be picked up. If the date goes badly, you don’t want to be stuck somewhere unfamiliar and potentially unsafe. - Although it can feel embarrassing to tell friends and family you’re going on a date, be sure to tell at least one person where you’re going and whom you’re going with and arrange to check in after the date. - Make sure your phone is fully charged, and you have money with you. - Make sure your phone, wallet, bag, and any other important belongings are kept in eyesight.