Aimee Williams, 30, from Aylesford in Kent, was killed along with an 83-year-old man from Worthing when two cars and a tipper truck collided on the A272 in Cowfold, West Sussex, on Monday. Two more women from Kent, both aged 23, were taken to hospital with major injuries. Ms Williams' family said in a statement that her death has left a gaping hole in their lives. They said: "Aimee was a beautiful, happy, kind daughter, granddaughter, niece, sister and more recently devoted aunty. "She had countless friends and work colleagues and touched the lives of many with her infectious smile and positive lust for life. "Her tragic death has left a gaping hole in all our lives.  "We are grateful to all the first responders who attended the scene and tried to save her life. "To lose your daughter in these circumstances is every parents' worst nightmare and our grief is unimaginable and unbearable. "We would be grateful if people would respect our privacy at this difficult time." Ms Williams worked in the Ultrasound Department at Maidstone Hospital, having previously worked for Norwegian Airways.   READ MORE ABOUT A UK GIGFACTORY STRIKING AN HISTORIC DEAL The collision involved a silver Ford Fiesta, a white Ford Fiesta and a Skania tipper truck. The A272 was closed as police, fire fighters, paramedics and the air ambulance service responded to what happened. Sussex Police is appealing for witnesses who can help with its enquiries. Detective Sergeant Rob Baldwin of the Surrey and Sussex Serious Collision Investigation Unit said: "We would particularly like to speak with anyone travelling on the A272 between Cowfold village and Littleworth Lane to the west, on Monday morning between 11.15am and 11.30am, who has dash camera footage.   DON'T MISS: Fed up father makes FAKE speed camera van after constant speeding [REVEALED] BBC QT: Blackford blasts Sunak amid crippling cost of living crisis [LATEST] Egg warning as customers could be without staples in WEEKS [REPORT] "We'd also like to speak with any resident or business who has CCTV footage showing the road between those locations." Anyone with information is asked to email collision.appeal@sussex.police.uk or call 101, quoting Operation Banwell. 