The couple were introduced to each other by a mutual friend in London in July 2016. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry announced their engagement on 27 November 2017 and therefore dated for just 16 months before the Duke proposed. Tina Brown, the author of ‘The Palace Papers: Inside The House Of Windsor - The Truth And The Turmoil’, claims Prince William had reservations about how fast Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's relationship was moving when they first started dating. Ms Brown said that she spoke to more than 120 people for the book, many of whom were close to senior royals. The author quotes a source as claiming the Duke of Cambridge felt Meghan should have more time to build a life in the UK before marrying his brother. News that the Duchess had officially moved out of her Toronto apartment to join Harry in the UK emerged in November 2017, just one week before the couple’s engagement had been announced. Ms Brown’s source claims that in response, Harry responded to William’s concerns by saying he wanted Meghan to have police protection that she would be entitled to when they married. In “The Palace Papers”, Tina Brown writes: “To his brother's concerns, Harry's riposte can be summarised as, I am told, ‘Well, actually the best way I can protect her is to marry her as quickly as possible, because as soon as I marry her she will then get police protection.’” Meghan and Harry tied the knot in St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle in 2018, and the pair’s nuptials were watched live by an estimated 1.9 billion people. Upon marrying Harry, Meghan became a senior working member of the royal family, meaning she was entitled to publicly-funded police protection. READ MORE: Camilla takes to the stage in new role swiped from Meghan Markle After stepping back from royal duties in 2020, the pair became financially independent and were therefore no longer entitled to publicly-funded protection. While residing in Santa Barbara in the US, the pair foot the bill for their own privately-funded security team. Earlier this month, during an interview with NBC’s Today show, Harry said security issues could prevent him from returning to the UK in June to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. This is because Harry is currently involved in a legal battle with the Home Office about security. DON'T MISS ‘Beautiful’ Camilla dazzles in grey skirt suit and navy Chanel bag [PICTURES] Prince Andrew humiliated after being stripped of major British honour [LATEST] Kate and Princess Anne beaming as they arrive for joint engagement [INSIGHT] In September, Harry appealed for a judicial review of the Home Office’s decision to prevent him from personally paying for police protection while in the UK. A statement released by a legal representative for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex was issued at the time. It reads: “The Duke and Duchess of Sussex personally fund a private security team for their family, yet that security cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed while in the UK. “In the absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return to his home.” Despite this issue, Harry and Meghan made a surprise visit to Windsor Castle earlier this month to reunite with the Queen. The visit marked the first trip to the UK for the couple since stepping back from royal duties. Meghan and Harry enjoyed tea with the monarch before travelling onwards to The Hague for the Invictus Games, the sporting event for military servicemen and women launched by the Duke in 2014. Details of the royal couple’s visit were divulged by Harry during his recent TV interview. Harry said the monarch was “on great form” and that it was an enjoyable experience.