British tourists will no longer need a vaccine certificate or recovery certificate to travel to Greece after May 1. It will also not be needed to enter venues. However, tourists will need to wear masks in indoor public places and outdoor areas where social distancing is impossible until June 1. The country’s health minister, Thanos Plevris, said the measures were being suspended until September 1 rather than completely ditched. Until May 1, all passengers travelling to Greece need to show proof of vaccination, proof of recovery from Covid or a negative PCR test within 72 hours. They can also use an antigen test result from the last 24 hours to travel to Greece for a holiday. READ MORE: Costa Blanca tourist tax sparks fury as Alicante says it's 'a mistake' Greece is one of the UK’s leading destinations and many Britons travel there each summer. One of the country’s most popular destinations is the stunning island of Crete. The largest Greek island, tourists can enjoy fantastic beaches. Rhodes is another top spot, famous for incredible beaches, ancient ruins and a stunning Old Town. Britons who want to experience a taste of island living could opt to travel to Santorini or Mykonos. City break fans can explore the vibrant capital city, Athens, and visit the ancient ruins of the Parthenon. The National Garden in Athens is a stunning public park which is even home to tortoises as well as many birds. Greek cuisine is a highlight of any visit to the country and tourists can opt to taste souvlaki, chunks of pork served on skewers with pitta. Fresh fish is extremely popular and is often served simply dressed with olive oil, herbs and lemon juice. It wouldn’t be a Greek holiday without Greek salad while Greece’s sweet treats include baklava and custard filled pastries. Greece already scrapped its passenger locator form on March 15 ahead of ditching all entry requirements. Britons do not need to fill out a passenger locator form on their return to the UK or take a travel test. This summer will mark the first high season since travel restrictions were fully lifted post-pandemic. While many Britons will be eager to get away, some have faced travel chaos at major UK airports. Staff shortages have caused issues at Manchester airport as well as on easyJet and British Airways flights. It can be difficult to recruit airport staff due to the high level of security clearance employees must pass. Many travel staff left the industry during the pandemic and may have since found work in other sectors. Britons are advisd to travel to the airport with lots of time to spare to ensure they make their flight. It is hoped that problems will be resolved before the peak summer season.