Strictly Come Dancing winners Rose Ayling-Ellis, 27, and Giovanni Pernice, 31, were reunited on Friday night and the professional dancer couldn’t help but poke fun at the EastEnders actress. Sharing an insight into their friendship, Giovanni filmed Rose getting ready and made a cheeky quip about her appearance. As Rose got her makeup done, Giovanni could be heard saying: “Lots of makeup for you, because you need it. A lot of makeup.” Rose looked shocked at the jibe before hitting back: “You need a lot of makeup! “People are so surprised but when you get a wet wipe and just wipe Gio, he’s a completely different thing. “If you look at his feet, that’s what his face is underneath.” READ MORE:Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ Rose chuckled as the makeup artist began to laugh. Defeated, Giovanni concluded: “You’re horrible,” and Rose protested: “You’re horrible!” As the back and forth continued, Rose leant over and playfully punched Giovanni. Sharing the moment with her 547,000 Instagram followers, Rose reposted Giovanni’s Story with the caption: “Reunion with this idiot.” It comes as Giovanni is touring the UK with his This Is Me show. The pair have remained great friends since lifting the Glitterball Trophy in December and Rose recently opened up about how much she misses the ballroom. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the actress confessed: “It’s very weird going back into a routine as I do miss dancing a lot. "I miss the glam and the glitz - I’m back to reality and not wearing fake tan every day. DON'T MISSJohnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip[LATEST]Phillip Schofield and Luke Evans' secret friendship exposed on holiday[INSIGHT]Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit[NEWS] "I put it on today, but I am used to a Strictly tan, I don’t know what a normal tan is anymore." Rose also spoke about her silent ten seconds in a dance being nominated for a BAFTA. The moving routine to Clean Bandit’s Symphony will go up against Adele, Ant and Dec and Squid Game to win Virgin Media’s Must-See TV Moment at the ceremony in May. As the first deaf contestant to compete on Strictly, Rose said the nomination is an “honour”. She added: “It’s nice to be recognised in that way and I think it’s really important. “It was a dance for the whole deaf community. It’s a dance to raise so much awareness, it’s a dance that makes an impact." Earlier this month, it was confirmed that Giovanni will be returning to the BBC show for its 20th series. After joining in 2015, Giovanni is now the longest-serving male professional in the current line-up. He will join dancers including Johannes Radebe, Nadiya Bychkova, Dianne Buswell, Katya Jones and Gorka Marquez.