Kourtney Kardashian, 41, is the eldest child of the Kardashian-Jenner family and is the founder of lifestyle brand Poosh, while her half-sister, Kendall Jenner, 26, is a full-time model and 818 tequila founder. Ahead of the premiere of their new Hulu reality series, the famous siblings played a game of “Most Likely” with Access Hollywood. The six family members were asked questions about their specific traits and were given cards with their faces to answer each one. However, Kendall's face was noticeably stumped when the interviewer asked: “Who’s the most frugal of the bunch?” Family matriarch Kris Jenner was the first person to flash daughter Kendall’s picture calling her the most economical, followed by Kourtney and the rest of the family. The 26-year-old supermodel turned to sister Kourtney and asked: “What does that mean? I don’t even know what that means.” READ MORE: 'She's too good for you' Alex Beresford speaks out on engagement news “You care about cost,” eldest sister Kourtney explained to Kendall. “Like, money.” The tequila enthusiast nodded and held up a card with her picture: “Oh yeah, I’m cheap!” Although Kim Kardashian is the richest sister of the family, currently estimated to be worth £1.8billion, Kendall is estimated to be worth £45million, according to Forbes. Meanwhile, Kourtney is reported to have an estimated net worth of £65million. The new series of their reality show debuted in the United States at midnight and fans were already excited to see the Kardashian–Jenner clan back on TV after wrapping up Keeping Up With The Kardashians last year. Early social reaction to the series from fans appeared to be largely positive, with several complimenting its storylines and its higher production values. The premiere episode detailed Kourtney's relationship with Travis Barker, but her ex Scott Disick also appeared to discuss his feelings about seeing her get serious with another man. “And they brought Scott along!! Bless them,” joked Twitter user, GilbertValdaz. DONT MISS: Christine Lampard opens up on long-distance with husband Frank (PHOTOS)Melanie Clark Pullen dead: EastEnders' star dies aged 46 (NEWS)Strictly's Neil Jones ‘moves in’ girlfriend months after split from ex (LATEST) Another fan was shocked to learn that his infamous messages directed at Kourtney's ex-boyfriend Younes Bendjima were real and not just a joke. “Glad Scott is still the agent of chaos here,” MariaBritoff tweeted. Other fans were happy to see that the children were making bigger appearances on this latest series, with some singling out Kourtney's oldest son Mason. “If it really is Mason revealing everything about #TheKardashians then we want a feature series on him and not his aunts,” NoseSwollen joked. Back in March, Kourtney and her Blink 182 drummer beau headed to Las Vegas where they unofficially tied the knot in an early morning ceremony. The room was decorated with a silk rose altar, a table topped with a love sign and candles, and white drapery. They said "I do" in front of four people who took photos, according to Chapel owner Marty Frierson. "They all had iPhones, taking pictures and videos from every angle," he told People. "I don't know if they were the friends or their social media team. They filmed everything from the time they walked in, to the time they walked out. “The vows, the kiss, the rose bouquet toss, the dancing. I usually take pictures for the chapel but they wanted to handle it all themselves." Although the couple did not have a marriage license at the time, Kourtney has revealed it was because they couldn't get their hands on one at 2am. During an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live, she said they would have made it legal if possible.