President Zelensky has expressed Ukraine's determination to emerge victorious from the war with Russia and set out Kyiv's determination not to surrender any territory as part of any negotiated peace deal with Vladimir Putin. Mr Zelensky told Fox News via an interpreter: "A victory of truth means a victory for Ukraine and Ukrainians. "The question is when it will end. "That is a deep question. It’s a painful question. "Besides victory, the Ukrainian people will not accept any outcome." The Ukrainian President added: "We do not trade our territory. "The question of territorial integrity and sovereignty is out of discussion." It comes as Ukrainian forces continue to advance against withdrawing Russian forces in the vicinity of Kyiv. Russian forces are also reported to have withdrawn from Hostomel airport near the capital, which has been subject to fighting since the first day of the conflict, Britain's Ministry of Defence said in a daily update. DON'T MISS:Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION]Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL]People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] "In the east of Ukraine, Ukrainian forces have secured a key route in eastern Kharkiv after heavy fighting," the ministry added. Heavy battles are coming up in Ukraine's eastern and southern regions and for the besieged city of Mariupol in particular, Ukrainian presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych said on Saturday. Speaking on national television, Mr Arestovych said Ukrainian troops around Kyiv had retaken more than 30 towns or villages in the region and were holding the front line against Russian forces in the east. "Let us have no illusions - there are still heavy battles ahead for the south, for Mariupol, for the east of Ukraine," he said. Meanwhile, the Red Cross has renewed efforts to evacuate civilians in a convoy from the besieged port of Mariupol on Saturday as Russian forces looked to be regrouping for fresh attacks in southeast Ukraine. Encircled since the early days of Russia's five-week-old invasion, Mariupol has been Moscow's main target in Ukraine's southeastern region of Donbas. Tens of thousands of civilians are trapped there with scant access to food and water. The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) sent a team on Friday to lead a convoy of about 54 Ukrainian buses and other private vehicles out of the city, but they turned back, saying they were unable to proceed. "They will try again on Saturday to facilitate the safe passage of civilians," the ICRC said in a statement on Friday.