The influx of British-based companies to the Netherlands has surged over the past few year as they struggle to deal with the disruption of a customs border across the North Sea. More than 90 investors have built or rented distribution space there since 2017 - half of them during last year alone - according to government agency Invest in Holland. One of these firms is Huboo, a logistics provider to online retailers. Chief executive Martin Bysh insisted the company was forced into urgent action after clients deserted it when Brexit talks were still ongoing in late 2020. He said: “We lost about 10 percent of our revenue, which was clients leaving the UK for Europe. It was a chaotic landscape. “We didn’t know what to do, and there was almost no government advice." Mr Bysh added many smaller companies stopped supplying the EU because they could not understand the paperwork and became increasingly fearful they would be trading illegally. The uncertain nature among Brexit talks between the UK and EU in 2020, which saw the two sides clash heads multiple times, had sent fears through the UK business community. Mr Johnson's Government repeatedly warned the UK was ready to leave the bloc on December 31 of that year without a trade deal as it tried to get the best terms from Brussels. An agreement for tariff-free, quota-free trade was eventually signed on Christmas Eve, but this imposed customs, food safety and tax controls after a year-long transition period. Huboo quickly switched attention to the Netherlands and by June 2021 its facility in Eindhoven, near the Belgian border, comprising of a 32,000 sq m warehouse that has more than 300 customers, opened with 40 staff employed. In contrast to the UK, the chief executive said: “The Netherlands is a great place to set up a business. They are ready to help and they sit next to so many key markets." READ MORE: Expert warns Putin 'in state of psychosis' after Covid isolation The move has enabled UK companies to send a pallet at a time, keeping stock there, rather than sending individual items direct from the UK to consumers, which would require more paperwork. In July 2021 Snag, which sells Italian-made tights and other clothes online had decide on its next growth stage by either building a new distribution centre in the UK or in the EU, which accounted for about a third of sales. The firm firm decided on the latter, and found a warehouse in the Netherlands in the town of Venlo near the German border, surrounded by numerous road, rail, and river traffic taking goods to and from hubs. Chief executive Tom Martin said: “At that time there was still no trade deal and none was guaranteed. It was a great decision. DON'T MISSRussian fury grows over missing crew from Moskva warship [REPORT]GB News: Neil Oliver slams Nicola Sturgeon for 'hypocrisy' [VIDEO]Putin energy hammerblow as Italy signs huge gas deal - Draghi demands [LATEST] “Germany is our biggest EU market and we can now ship there the next day." But the moving to Netherlands doesn't come without its hurdles and staffing is an issue, with just 3.4 percent unemployment. Mr Martin explained: “Wages for permanent staff are 10 per cent more than the UK. But temporary staff cost twice as much." Netherlands is an attractive destination for businesses as it is home to Europe’s biggest port in Rotterdam, and can use the Rhine river to move products to and from the industrial heartland of Germany. In Rotterdam, truckers freight forwarders and customs agents only need to register with non-profit company Portbase, which pre-clears all cargo. The only checks are on food and animals, and when customs spots something suspicious. Marty van Pelt, business relations manager at the port, said: “We don’t have queues. The longest wait is four minutes, which is the time customs officers have to decide if they want to inspect something.”