Meghan and Prince Harry have reportedly been invited by the Queen to take part in the family celebrations for her historic Platinum Jubilee taking place during a long bank holiday weekend in June. If they decided to cross the pond for this special occasion, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would be allowed to appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace alongside other members of the Firm. They would also be able to attend the service of thanksgiving for the Queen's reign at St Paul's Cathedral. However, they would not be allowed to play an active role in the events, including taking part in the Trooping the Colour parade, as they are no longer full-time working members of the Firm. While the attendance of Prince Harry and Meghan at Jubilee events is still uncertain, a survey carried out by Techne UK suggests the majority of Britons would prefer the Sussexes not to take part in the celebrations. Asked the question "should Prince Harry and Meghan stay away from the Jubilee celebrations?", 74 percent of the respondents said yes. Only 16 percent replied no, while 10 percent said they did not know. The poll was carried out between April 20 and 21 on a sample of 1624 British voters. An analysis of the voters by age groups shows 8 percent of those aged over 64 are against Meghan and Harry taking part in the historic celebrations. However, even people in other age brackets are against the participation of the Sussexes at Jubilee events. READ MORE: Ferrari left speechless after Meghan's half-sister raises absurd claim Among people aged between 18 to 34, 66 percent voted yes against 18 percent voting no. Some 73 percent of the people aged between 35 to 44 answered yes to the question posed by the pollster, similarly to people aged 45 to 54 and 55 to 64, with a percentage of 73 and 77 saying yes respectively. Prince Harry briefly discussed his chances to return to the UK in two-month time earlier this week, while being interviewed by Hoda Kotb, host of NBC's Today. During their sit-down interview, the pair discussed the royal's recent visit to the Queen at Windsor Castle. Raising eyebrows among royal commentators, Prince Harry said to have a "really special" relationship with his 96-year-old grandmother. Referring to his meeting with the Queen, attended also by Meghan, the Duke said: "Being with her, it was great. "It was just so nice to see her. You know, she's on great form. "She has always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure she's protected and has got the right people around her." When asked whether he will join his relatives in the UK to celebrate the historic 70th year on the throne of the sovereign, he replied: "I don't know yet. "There's lots of things with security issues and everything else. "So, this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that I can get my kids to meet her." It isn't known when the Queen last saw the Sussexes' son Archie Harrison, born in May 2019, in person. However, the boy left the UK with his parents for a vacation in Canada in mid-November 2019, and hasn't been brought back to Britain since. During his interviews with James Corden and Oprah Winfrey in early 2021, Prince Harry revealed he stays in touch with his grandmother and does video calls with her to show how Archie is growing up. The sovereign has yet to meet in person Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, who was born at a Santa Barbara hospital last June. The baby was given a name inspired by the monicker given to the sovereign by her grandfather King George V and widely used by her late husband Prince Philip throughout their married life.