Former EastEnders actress Tamzin Outhwaite tragically lost her mum in April 2018. The on-screen star's mum Anna Santis died suddenly in 2018 at the age of 67 after suffering from an aneurysm. She left behind three children - two sons and a daughter, Tamzin, as well as multiple grandchildren. The 51-year-old recently took part in the new BBC series Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof, where the celebrities are pushed through their paces and have taken part in a number of challenges in sub-zero temperatures. During tonight's episode, Tamzin opened up about parenthood and dealing with grief after losing a family member. It comes after her co-star Gabby Logan addressed her own experiences in motherhood. READ MORE: Piers reacts to Duke and Duchess calls amid Meghan's £38k attire This led the EastEnders actress to discuss her relationship with her own mother. "My mum was so imperfect as a mum but so brilliant," Tamzin gushed. She went on: "Now, all I ever think is one more chat, one more cuddle. I now realise how she was the laughter and the light and the relaxed energy." Gabby interjected: "When she died did it change your parenting [style] at all or did you embrace what you were already doing?"  Tamzin replied: "I don't know. I always thought she would be alive. She would be the last person to go. "But I do still now think she's living in Spain where she was and happy. I just think she's there. I just pretend she's in my head." Chelcee Grimes added: "I love that." Later on in the episode, the celebrity contestants took part in a group exercise as they learned Wim's famous breathing technique, which proved to be emotional for the show's cast members. DON'T MISS... Chrissy Teigen poses nude for steamy mirror selfie[LATEST]'Woman of limited intelligence' Miriam Margolyes slams Nadine Dorries[POLITICS]Amanda Holden flashes legs as she bounces on ball in risqué dress[PICTURES] Most notably, Gabby who admitted she felt Tamzin's mum's presence in the room. Following the challenge, the duo could be seen in tears as the BBC sports presenter shared an emotional embrace with the ex-EastEnders star. "Your mum's here. She's here. I can see her." Gabby cried into Tamzin's ear. She replied: "I know. Do you feel it?" Gabby nodded in agreement, adding: "She loves you so much," as the pair shared another hug. Speaking later on in the programme, the BBC sports pundit explained that while some viewers may find what she experienced "ridiculous" and also added she doesn't know Tamzin's mum personally, there was an energy in the room that couldn't be ignored. "I was so moved and overwhelmed that I had to tell Tamzin," Gabby concluded. Tamzin, who shares two children with her ex and former Lucifer star Tom Ellis, addressed her mum's loss in a previous interview. The actress told OK Magazine that Anna, who worked as a city stockbroker, was her inspiration and "best friend". She added: "Having her taken suddenly was the worst thing ever. "I try to see the good in everything and in this case the only positive was that I didn't see her suffer, she was in no pain." Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof airs Tuesday on BBC One at 9pm. 