Bruno Fernandes has committed his long-term future to Manchester United despite uncertainty around the club's direction this summer, insisting "the best is yet to come". There has been a lack of activity at Old Trafford recently in terms of players signing extensions on their current deals.  Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani are set to leave for free this summer while the likes of David de Gea, Cristiano Ronaldo and Marcus Rashford are all out of contract in 2023. Anthony Elanga was the last first-team star to sign a long-term contract at United way back in December. But Fernandes has now kicked the trend at United with the midfielder's now five-year deal confirmed on Friday. Explaining his decision to sign an extension, Fernandes admitted he wants to repay the support from fans by winning silverware in the near future. He said: “From the moment that I joined Manchester United, I have had a special relationship with the club and our amazing fans. I grew up watching this team, dreaming of getting the chance to play here one day. That dream is now a reality and an honour. JUST IN: Roma ‘learn Man Utd already have Boubacar Kamara transfer agreement'  “Even after two years, it still feels amazing to step out at Old Trafford, to hear the fans sing my song and to score in front of the Stretford End. It is a true privilege to wear this shirt and to fight for our incredible club. “There is so much more that I want to achieve here, and I know that is the same for the rest of the squad and staff. More than anything, we want to give the fans the success that they deserve. “We have shared some great moments over the last years, but the best is yet to come from myself and this team.” DON'T MISS  United currently sit sixth in the table with a fight on their hands to finish inside the top four. Arsenal are four points ahead with a game in hand, meaning United can't afford any more slip ups in their final nine league matches. Before the international break, United won just three of their previous seven league games including dropped points against Burnley, Southampton and Watford. They picked up an important win over Tottenham last time out and will need to put together a run of form to pile pressure on Arsenal. Ralf Rangnick's side return to action tomorrow against Leicester before a trip to Everton next week. 