Ms Sturgeon revealed she would resign as First Minister if Scotland voted no for a second time in an independence vote on ITV's Loose Women programme. Ms Sturgeon made the admission after she was probed by panellist Carol McGiffin about IndyRef2. The First Minister said: "I suspect I would make way for somebody else, but we're, I'm not contemplating that. "I'm in the fortunate position having been in politics for a long time. "I'm not about to give it up, but when I do, I hopefully will still be relatively young and if I do look forward to the possibility of doing other things later in life. "I am not suggesting I'm about to stop being First Minister." Ms Sturgeon added: "I suppose part of what you thinks of just having a more private life at some stage and if not a quieter life." JUST IN: 'Undermining democracy!' Ex-Thatcher aide slams Civil Service over Rwanda asylum scheme Following the 2014 referendum, in which Scots voted decisively against independence, former First Minister Alex Salmond resigned to eventually give way for Ms Sturgeon. However, the cross-party campaign group Scotland in Union has been critical of Ms Sturgeon's comments. Scotland in Union chief executive Pamela Nash, who served as the MP for Airdrie & Shotts from 2010 to 2015, said: "We know from poll after poll that the majority of people of Scotland do not want another divisive referendum next year or any time soon, and that a majority want to remain part of the UK." She added: "But if Nicola Sturgeon thinks failure to deliver a key policy is a reason to stand down, she should reflect on her failure to deliver her promise to prioritise education, her failure to meet hospital waiting times, and her failure to cut drug deaths." In a further blow to the First Minister, the last five opinion polls found the 'no' campaign had opened up a lead over the 'yes' campaign. READ MORE: Peston: Tory grandee 'expects' MPs to pass motion on Boris partygate investigation TODAY The most recent survey, conducted by BMG on behalf of the Herald, indicated weighted support for independence stood at 47 percent. More than half, 53 percent, said they would vote to stay in the UK. During her Loose Women appearance, Ms Sturgeon also spoke about Boris Johnson's 'partygate' fine, her mask slip clip and the menopause. Speaking about the Prime Minister's apology on Tuesday, she said: "With Boris it's the serial breaches at a time when the rest of the country was in very, very strict lockdown. "But it's also, to be blunt about it, when this first came to light he wasn't honest about it and he wasn't honest in the House of Commons. DON'T MISS:  Starmer and Sturgeon 'ploy' to oust Boris and 'reverse' Brexit [REVEAL] Nicola Sturgeon SHOULD be fined for breaking covid restrictions – POLL [INSIGHT] Hoyle slaps down Boris Johnson as he rages at Labour frontbench [SPOTLIGHT] "It's really important that people can trust the Prime Minister of the country to tell the truth. "There's got to be consequences for your actions." However, Ms Sturgeon was also pushed on whether she breached Covid regulations while on the campaign trail in East Kilbride on Saturday. The First Minister was spoken to by Police Scotland to "remind her of the importance of wearing a face-covering when there is a legal requirement to do so". Ms Sturgeon added: "As you all know, I've had my own lapse in the last couple of days with a momentary failure to put on a face-covering so I know how difficult these things can be."