The Prime Minister will announce a hugely controversial plan to send some asylum seekers looking for a new life in the UK to Rwanda in Africa. The measures are part of the Government's long-term plan to "take back control of illegal immigration" after Brexit, Boris Johnson is expected to say later on Thursday. In a speech, Mr Johnson will outline his plans for male asylum seekers to be sent some 6,000 miles away to Rwanda for processing After the Prime Minister's speech, Home Secretary Priti Patel is expected to set out further details of a "migration and economic development partnership”. The announcement is expected to be the first of the Prime Minister’s plans to reset immigration policy following a record year for people crossing the English Channel. An initial £120 million is expected to be given to the Rwandan government under a trial scheme. READ MORE: Is your MP supporting Boris? Full list of MPs backing the PM Mr Johnson is expected to say on Thursday: "I accept that these people - whether 600 or 1,000 - are in search of a better life, the opportunities that the United Kingdom provides and the hope of a fresh start. But it is these hopes - these dreams - that have been exploited. "These vile people smugglers are abusing the vulnerable and turning the Channel into a watery graveyard, with men, women and children drowning in unseaworthy boats and suffocating in refrigerated lorries." Mr Johnson will say the plans to hand operational control of the Channel to the navy. He will outline how this will break the business model of people-smuggling gangs that profit from asylum seekers, and deter people from risking the perilous crossing. He will argue the country voted to "control" immigration in the Brexit referendum and say "our compassion may be infinite, but our capacity to help people is not". The plans have been overwhelmingly criticised by charities and opposition parties. Zoe Abrams, executive director of the British Red Cross, said: "The financial and human cost will be considerable; evidence from where offshoring has been implemented elsewhere shows it leads to profound human suffering, plus the bill that taxpayers will be asked to foot is likely to be huge." DON'T MISSFears migrant crisis is ‘human smuggling at its worst’ [INSIGHT]Ex-Taliban torturer wins human rights battle to stay in UK [REPORT] Rwanda migrant centre is a historic move for the UK - EXPRESS COMMENT [OPINION] "We are not convinced this drastic measure will deter desperate people from attempting to cross the Channel either. “People come here for reasons we can all understand, like wanting to be reunited with loved ones, or because they speak the language. Making it harsher may do little to stop them risking their lives." Enver Solomon, chief executive of the Refugee Council, said: "Offshoring the UK's asylum system will do absolutely nothing to address the reasons why people take perilous journeys to find safety in the UK. "It will do little to deter them from coming to this country, but only lead to more human suffering and chaos - at a huge expense of an estimated £1.4 billion a year." Labour accused Mr Johnson of attempting to distract from being fined for breaching coronavirus laws with “unworkable, unethical and extortionate” plans. Critics have also made note of Rwanda's poor human rights record. At the United Nations last year, the UK demanded investigations into alleged killings, torture and disappearances.