Donna O’Lynn parked her red Toyota Aygo outside the home of an elderly client who she regularly cleans for. After working for two hours, she was shocked to discover white road markings had been painted around her vehicle. The incident took place in the town of Helensburgh, Scotland. Ms O’Lynn said: "I've been going to see this elderly woman for more than two years. “She's a client of mine and I clean her house. "I usually park in the same space without any issues.” READ MORE: 'This is dictatorship': Drivers savage 2030 petrol and diesel car ban She continued: "There was no indication the council was doing work that day, there wasn't any cones and the space wasn't taped off. "I went there at 9am, as usual, and stayed for two hours until 11am. "I came out and stood back in disbelief, to see a disabled parking space was painted round my car. "I racked my brain and asked: 'was this always here?'," she told the Scottish Sun. DON'T MISS Mother’s fury after car left on driveway for five days [SHOCKING] The UK council that issues the most bus lane fines makes £3.7million [REVEAL] Driving with hay fever may land motorists with a £1,000 fine [INSIGHT] The 54-year-old woman added that it would have been “easy enough” for the council to give residents a warning that work was being carried out on that day. Ms O’Lynn said: "I could've easily got a £60 fine. “There is lots of parking wardens round that way. "I was thinking: ‘what if I’d come out halfway through them painting their Picasso design around my car.’ “’Would I have to wait until they joined up all the dots before I could drive off?’ "And I could've got into an altercation with the neighbours if they thought I'd deliberately parked in a disabled space. "Thank God they didn’t use a truck to tow me away. “And, equally thank God they weren’t painting double yellows over the roads." The mum-of-one, originally from Hull, joked she thought someone was playing a prank on her. Express.co.uk has contacted Argyll and Bute Council for comment.