Dr Michael Mosley is a journalist, doctor, and author of various diet books. He is also the creator of The Fast 800 diet – a diet plan that helps slimmers lose weight fast. Dr Mosley spoke to Express.co.uk about belly fat, and how it is possible to reduce or avoid it completely. According to the nutrition expert, to lose belly fat, “you need to eat smart, fast smart and train smart”. He went on to say how it is also important to understand belly fat to lose it. “And to understand belly fat, you need to understand the basics of how insulin works,” he said. READ MORE: Princess Charlene finds parenting 'difficult' with public 'scrutiny' Dr Mosley continued: “Your body makes insulin after a meal in order to keep blood sugar stable. “On your cell walls, insulin opens up glucose ports to allow sugar through – for burning in muscle, and for storage in fat. In your fat, insulin also curbs the release of fatty acids into your system. “All well and good – as long as your insulin is working. However, as we age, cell-wall insulin receptors become less sensitive. “As a result, even after a meal, our blood is replete with glucose and fatty acids. This is a toxic brew, driving an array of bad outcomes, including rapidly-expanding belly fat.” DON'T MISS: Aldi: How to save money on your food shop - items to look out for [INSIDER TIPS]‘Outgoing’ Princess Charlotte compared to Diana - ‘Initially shy’ [BODY LANGUAGE]April 2022 horoscopes: What’s in store for each star sign this month [INSIGHT] So, how can one go about losing belly fat? “You can lose belly fat, and you can lose it fast,” Dr Mosley stressed. He said: “To make a serious impact on your belly fat, cutting out sugar-spikes is key. “Limit your intake of any food or drink containing more than five percent sugar to no more than twice a week. “This includes sweet fruits like mango and pineapple, and sugary smoothies and juices. Likewise, replace processed carbs like white bread, chips and pasta with slow-release energy sources, such as brown rice or quinoa. “Two things will surprise you: the amount of sugar you were consuming unawares, and the speed at which your belly fat will begin to tame itself.” Another tip Dr Mosley recommended to lose belly fat is to attempt intermittent fasting. He explained: “The idea that fasting ‘slows your metabolism’ is a myth. Under conditions of marked energy deficit – 800 calories per day or less – not only do you simply lose weight by eating fewer calories, but your body responds to the stress of fasting by enhancing hormone function to facilitate weight loss and burn fat for energy. “Short-term fasting can lead to several changes in the body that make fat burning easier. “This includes reduced insulin, increased growth hormone, enhanced epinephrine signalling and a small boost in metabolism. “According to a 2014 review of the scientific literature, intermittent fasting can cause weight loss of three to eight percent over three to 24 weeks. “Not only this – but people lost four to seven percent of their waist circumference as well – indicating a large loss of the harmful belly fat in the abdominal cavity, strongly linked to chronic disease.” Dr Mosley added: “So, want to shift that weight round your middle? Try intermittent fasting.”