Gentleman Jack has returned for a second outing after three years away due to the coronavirus pandemic causing major delays in filming. Nevertheless, Anne Lister (played by Suranne Jones) is back, dealing with her businesses around Halifax, West Yorkshire, as well as maintaining her relationship with Ann Walker (Sophie Rundle). In the first BBC One series, their simple flirtations quickly grew to a full-on romance with the finale seeing the couple saying their 'I do's' to one another. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Gentleman Jack.After Anne Lister and Ann Walker courted in secret, they decided it was time to make a commitment to one another. They married in the final episode of season one at the Holy Trinity Church in York in 1834 and series two picks up from where the pair left off. Anne is eager to bring her new wife into her world and so welcomes Ann to live with her and the family at Shibden Hall. While she is at first reluctant,  Ann agrees and soon becomes part of the family, with Anne's dad Jeremy (Timothy West), her aunt Anne (Gemma Jones) and sister Marian Lister (Gemma Whelan). READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames A Many of the big Lister family scenes take place around the dinner table, an experience actress Sophie Rundle was excited about. Speaking to press, including Express.co.uk at the Gentleman Jack season two premiere, Rundle explained: "Well it was kind of what it was like for Ann Walker, I was like a bit overwhelmed by how quickly everyone was talking. "I had been used to teacups and posh relatives and everyone there was diving in and I was a bit balled over. "But it was so much fun to be there and I had heard all the stories from season one from my little bird's cage at Crow Nest." Rundle continued: "It was just as you would hope - we explore it all in season two so don't want to give too much away. "But it is what you would hope it would be like to land Ann Walker in that dynamic and be totally balled over by the new in-laws." In the first episode, Anne was still settling into her new surroundings so didn't have much sit-down time with her new family. But co-star Suranne Jones has teased there are plenty more of these Lister family scenes to come. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop’s Amanda Middleditch opens up on BBC success [EXPLAINER]Gentleman Jack's Sophie Rundle jokes wives are 'sidelined' [CAST]Gentleman Jack fans fear Marian Lister will die after worrying cough [REACTION] "I kept saying to Sophie[Rundle] 'you're coming to dinner' and there's like six or seven big dinner scenes so there's a lot. "And actually one of them, I can't tell you about, is my favourite scene in the thing because it's so funny and we're all there so it's brilliant." Gentleman Jack made its season two debut on Sunday, April 10, taking over the time slot from Peaky Blinders' sixth and final series. The period drama will be made up of eight episodes in total with a potentially turbulent ride ahead for Lister and Walker. Gentleman Jack season two, episode two, will air on Sunday, April 17, at 9pm. Entitled Two Jacks Don't Suit, the description for the instalment reads: "In France, Ann Walker is shocked by details about Anne Lister's complicated relationship with Mariana Lawton." Much like the first series, season two will consist of a total of eight episodes. Gentleman Jack season two continues every Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.