On a video posted on The Ramsey Show - Highlights YouTube channel in 2020, the American personal finance personality answered a listener's question on the “ideal amount” needed in later life. First of all, Mr Ramsey suggested that people should know their retirement IQ. To find this out, people can use retirement calculators that can help generate a likely retirement income a person could get based off of their current assets. He said: “Some good rough and dirty numbers is this - if you do what we teach and save 15 percent of your household income. “We don’t know your age or your income but the average income in America is just under $60,000 (around £45,000) so if you save 15 percent of that from age 30 to 70, you would have about $8million (around £6million) in a good mutual fund. “If I’m half wrong, you’ll still have $4million (around £3million). READ MORE: Dragons' Den reject told there was 'too much competition' now has double the investment  This type of investment allows people to hold shares in different high-profile portfolios. Mutual funds allow people to invest in a variety of assets, rather than putting everything into a single investment. Mutual funds are managed by a fund manager, who decides when and where to invest one’s money. The value of investments and the income from them can fall as well as rise and are not guaranteed. The investor might not get back their initial investment. Mr Ramsey explained what his rule of thumb is, he said: “The trick is to try and have a nest egg that you can live off of the money that it creates the way you’re willing to invest it without touching the egg. “Don’t shoot the goose that is laying the golden eggs. Your base amount is your goose, you can leave that as an inheritance. “You can create a perpetual motion machine that will keep laying these golden eggs as long as you don’t shoot the goose.” The finance guru suggested people use the ‘Retire Inspired Quotient’ which is tool that helps people calculate their future needs. People can put in how much they plan to live on, and when they plan to retire. He concluded: “Your pension is what becomes your pay check later. “You’ve got to put enough money in to be able to outgrow inflation so you have a pay check later.”