Princess Beatrice married Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi on July 17, 2020, while her younger sister Princess Eugenie married Jack Brooksbank two years prior on October 12, 2018. Body language expert Judi James analysed the sister's engagement photos and discovered that they have a different outlook on relationships. At the time of Princess Beatrice's engagement in 2019, Judi claimed: "As close as these sisters are, their body language during their official engagement photos suggests contrasting relationships and even a contrasting approach to marriage." Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank's engagement photo appears to be extremely well thought out, with the happy couple even coordinating their outfits, both wearing black and red. They also coordinated their body language, presenting an extremely unified front. Judi revealed that the photos "illustrate a dynamic of near-equals in terms of power". READ MORE: Beatrice wears £370 hat to service with Eugenie in £1,695 floral dress  Indeed, Eugenie and Jack mirror each other's stance and appear as an incredible strong, unified couple. "Both stand upright, face-to-face and eye-to-eye." The overall tone of the photo is "formal and regal" and there are no glaringly obvious PDA gestures. "The touch between them is formal and primarily created to feature the engagement ring." However, while their body language remains calm and collected, there is one thing that gives their true emotions away. Judi revealed: "The only PDA aspect comes from the excited and very loving expressions in their eyes". Aside from this, unlike Beatrice and Edoardo, whose engagement photos are far more emotion centric, Eugenie and Jack do not reveal a great deal about the inner workings of their upcoming marriage. But the Princess does provide some subtle support for Jack, wearing a "rather grown-up expression of calm confidence that is possibly being used to subtly reassure the rather shy-looking groom". Kate Middleton is similarly known for using this same technique at public appearances with Prince William. Judi continued: "Otherwise their facial expressions and smiles are heavily mirrored, suggesting a like-minded approach behind all the signals of happiness." While Eugenie and Jack look composed and considered, Beatrice looks like she cannot contain her excitement as she stands next to Edoardo. "Beatrice and Edo’s poses are actively romantic, emphasising his sophistication in contrast to Jack’s rather sweet shyness. Unlike her sister, Beatrice has opted for more "modern poses" that echo the more "emotionally-intimate snuggling" of William and Kate's and Harry and Meghan's engagement shots. However, there is also a "traditional" element in that "Edo is posed like the protective, charming and confident groom gazing fondly down at his smitten and more vulnerable-looking bride-to-be". A key difference between the sisters in their engagement photos, suggested Judi, is that Eugenie is being ever so slightly protective of Jack, whereas Beatrice almost folds into Edoardo. Judi concluded: "Beatrice looks like a fan as well as a partner here, peering out shyly from Edo’s chest and even raising one shoulder to imply cute, wide-eyed excitement."