Body positivity campaigner Nadia Sawalha didn't miss an opportunity to poke fun at Kim Kardashian, who she has previously stated promotes unrealistic physical ideals. The Loose Women presenter donned a copycat version of the KUWTK star's Oscars dress. Kim had crammed her curves into a floor-length turquoise dress - and Nadia took to her Instagram account to do the same. Haughtily looking from one side of the room to the other as if posing for invisible cameras at the bash, Nadia displayed her own version of the blue dress. Interspersing footage of Kim's red carpet appearance with her own staged video clip created at home, Nadia added one extra element: a back slit cut so high that it revealed every centimetre of her black underpants. "Really @kimkardashian? Again?!" the 57-year-old joked in the accompanying caption. The Loose Women star went on to add: "We must stop twinning like this!!" READ NOW: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show Elsewhere in the caption, she wrote: "Who wore it best? Thank you as always to my amazing stylist @thedinasawalha."  This week, masses of eagle-eyed followers pointed out the difference between her skin as seen at the Vanity Fair post-Oscars bash and as seen in her Instagram snaps, suggesting that her look is not "real". Meanwhile, creator Louise Pentland joked about Nadia's comparisons clip: "Hard to tell who’s who!!" Commenting on her innovative hairdo, @zoe_agnew_ chortled: "I can’t cope you used tights for the pony tail - bloody priceless!" Nadia joked back in the comments section of her post: "Well spotted!"  READ NOW: Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row Will Smith ‘refused’ to leave Oscars ceremony after slap, says Academy Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim Elsewhere, @jpvintagecandles, who posted an abundance of tears of laughter emojis, told Nadia: "You definitely wore it better!", assuring the TV presenter that she looked "fabulous". Fellow Instagram user @mazzygeo also urged: "Never stop doing these!" This isn't the first time that Nadia has directly imitated Kim for comedic effect - and to provide a political message about body image standards to which women are often subjected. On previous occasions, she has posted her posterior, unafraid to show the stretch marks and cellulite she has accumulated over the years, and compared it to shots produced by Kim. Her photos have received a rapturous reception from those who feel Nadia is refreshingly relatable. One relieved Instagrammer praised an earlier shot: "This is the most relatable a*** I've ever seen." In turn, Nadia joked: "I might have that put on my gravestone!" "It gives me joy, because I wish I'd seen an arse that looked like my arse, I wish I'd seen a belly that looked like my belly - and it is actually a movement now," she told The Mirror.