Maurizio Sarri could be set to reunite with a second Chelsea player at Lazio if he is successful in his bid to sign Blues midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek - with the midfielder touted as a potential Sergej Milinkovic-Savic replacement, should the Serbian depart the club.  Sarri, who managed Chelsea in the 2018-19 season, brought Pedro to the club from bitter rivals Roma in the summer on a free transfer. He managed to reunite with the Spaniard having spent a season working with him at Stamford Bridge, winning a Europa League and a runners-up medal in the League Cup in his solitary year in the capital. The Italian left at the end of that season due to his inability to replicate the achievements of Antonio Conte, citing a preference to move back home as his reason for leaving. But he saw enough in his spell in west London to keep tabs on signings for the future should he need to fill a void in his squad. And with star midfielder Milinkovic-Savic likely to depart for pastures new at the end of the campaign, Loftus-Cheek has been earmarked as his replacement according to Corriere dello Sport. The report claims that Sarri wants to reconcile with Loftus-Cheek if Milinkovic-Savic leaves the club. READ MORE: Man Utd target Milinkovic-Savic 'destined to leave' Lazio this summer The former Genk midfielder has been linked with various clubs including Manchester United as he aims to move to a team who are more successful than the Rome-based outfit. If he is to leave, Loftus-Cheek could replace him as their physical midfielder given that the two have similar frames. And with a lack of game time this season so far this campaign, the London-born star could be tempted with a move to the Italian capital. His future is currently uncertain at Stamford Bridge, given that owner Roman Abramovich still remains in control of the club. Until he departs the club are no longer able to buy or sell players, which could prove to be a stumbling block for Loftus-Cheek given that he is under contract until June 2024. But if a deal can be brokered, it is plausible the ex-England international will move on.  Loftus-Cheek enjoyed his best spell of form under Sarri, making 40 appearances for the Blues and scoring 10 goals. However with managers in and out of the door ever since, he has found it hard to reproduce that form consistently. Chelsea currently sit third in the Premier League but were knocked out of the Champions League at the quarter-final stage by Real Madrid earlier this week. 