Prince William married his university girlfriend Kate Middleton at Westminster Abbey in London on April 29, 2011. The beautiful bride and dashing groom were joined on their special day by six young bridesmaids and page boys who delighted royal fans with their adorable outfits and their hilarious expressions on the Buckingham Palace balcony. Here are the bridesmaids and page boys who attended William and Kate's wedding, and what they look like now 11 years on! The Queen's youngest granddaughter Lady Louise Windsor served as a bridesmaid at her cousin Prince William's wedding in 2011 when she was seven-years-old. Louise got to sit with her other cousin Prince Harry in a carriage after the wedding service had concluded and the pair waved to the crowds together. Now 18, she recently wowed royal fans with her confidence and positive attitude by speaking about her late grandfather on the recent BBC documentary, Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers. Louise is thought to be incredibly close to the Queen, and she lives just a short drive away from the monarch's main base of Windsor Castle at Bagshot Park in Surrey with her parents Prince Edward, Sophie, Countess of Wessex and brother James, Viscount Severn. She shares her grandmother's love for horses, and she is carrying on Prince Philip's legacy with her carriage driving hobby. READ MORE: US interview shows Harry's huge 'resentment' towards William  Lady Margarita Armstrong-Jones is the daughter of Princess Margaret's son David Armstrong-Jones, 2nd Earl of Snowdon. Margarita was only eight when she was part of Kate and William's wedding team, but is now rapidly approaching her 20th birthday. While she is not a working member of the Royal Family, Margarita has frequently been spotted at royal events like the Queen's annual Christmas lunch and the royal wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in 2018. She is thought to have attended two prestigious schools - Tudor Hall School in Banbury and St Mary's School in Ascot. Margarita has already had some exposure to the fashion world, having attended the Dior Cruise showcase at Blenheim in 2016.  Eliza Lopes is Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall's granddaughter through her daughter Laura Lopes and her husband Harry Lopes. After the wedding, three-year-old Eliza had the best view from the Buckingham Palace balcony as Prince Charles lifted her to see all the action. Now 14, Eliza lives largely out of the public eye with her family, with Camilla's children Tom Parker Bowles and Laura known to stay out of the royal spotlight. But the youngster enjoys a close relationship with her grandmother, with Camilla previously telling the Mail of the joy that being a grandmother had brought her. She said: "I just love them all to bits. Obviously I am being called on for more and more baby sitting duties but it's wonderful." DON'T MISS:Prince William attends Anzac wreath laying ceremony at Cenotaph [PICTURES]Kate Middleton to shake up 'outdated royal rules' as Queen consort [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: William 'furious' at Meghan and Harry [LIVE]  Grace van Cutsem was only three when she appeared at William and Kate's wedding in 2011, and she made many giggle with her hilarious expressions on the Buckingham Palace balcony. Little Grace famously covered her ears and scowled when the crowds went wild for Will and Kate's balcony kiss. Grace's godfather is Prince William, who has known Grace's father Hugh van Cutsem since they were children. Grace is now thought to be 14 and attending a private school in Oxfordshire, but she has stayed out of the spotlight since the wedding.  Jamie Lowther-Pinkerton is the former aide of William and Harry, resigning from his royal role in 2013. But a few years before this, his son William Lowther-Pinkerton served as a page boy at the Cambridge wedding. Just 10 at the time of the wedding, William is now 21 and little is known about what he has got up to since. Prince William and Prince Harry's nanny, Tiggy Legge-Bourke, was a guest at William's wedding in 2011, and her son Tom Pettifer served as a page boy. Prince Harry is Tom's godfather, and Tom also sat with Harry as an eight-year-old in a carriage after Kate and William's wedding ceremony. An all grown up Tom was pictured attending Harry and Meghan's wedding with his mother in 2018. 