Tottenham boosted their chances of finishing in the Premier League top-four after coming from behind to thrash Newcastle 5-1. Antonio Conte’s side have piled the pressure on Arsenal after sealing an emphatic victory and have climbed above their north London rivals on goal difference. They had to work harder than perhaps the Italian would have liked after Fabian Schar’s free-kick somehow found its way past Hugo Lloris. But Spurs responded quickly, with Ben Davies heading home an equaliser just minutes later. Conte’s side raced out of the blocks after the interval with quickfire goals from Matt Doherty and Son Heung-min, before Emerson Royal made sure of the points on 63 minutes and Steven Bergwijn added a late fifth to clinch a convincing victory. Express Sport looks at the major talking points as Spurs pile the pressure on their fellow top-four challengers. READ MORE: Tottenham's Doherty shares how Mourinho almost made him quit club It seems like every week, Harry Kane and Son Heung-min are contributing to Tottenham’s success on the pitch. Only recently, the pair broke the record for most goal contributions between each other — only this time, they turned provider for their other team-mates. It was Son who whipped in a sublime delivery for Davies to head home from, the first quality delivery Spurs had produced in the entire game. Then in the second half, Kane’s teasing cross eluded everyone but Matt Doherty at the far post, and the Irishman headed home. And for the third, Kane set in Kulusevski down the right before the Swede swung in a pinpoint cross for Son to tap home from. It means that, since Conte took charge, Kane and Son have racked up 20 goals and eight assists between them. If they continue in this vein of form next season, Spurs will take some stopping. DON'T MISSDybala warned over £8.4m wage demands with Arsenal and Tottenham keenKane tipped to get better as Hart lifts lid on 'lunatic' strikerTottenham getting top four 'very difficult' admits Conte If Daniel Levy needed a game to decide whether Antonio Conte was worth the baggage that comes with hiring the Italian, this was the game for it. When they conceded, there was no surrender but instead, a positive reaction and a goal to equalise within minutes of going behind. Kane is looking fit and comfortable leading the frontline, Son is constantly buzzing around the attacking areas and his January signings Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur have been impressive. Even fringe players such as Ben Davies and Matt Doherty have shown remarkable improvements. The fans are already starting to recognise what Conte brings, with four wins in their last five matches and 14 goals scored. Spurs have become an exciting team to watch again after tepid football they produced under Nuno Espirito Santo. In order to reach the next level, Spurs will require some hefty investment this summer — but after watching Spurs dramatically improve under him, there can be no hesitation from the Spurs chief like there was in January. For the last 10 years, the name Hugo Lloris has been synonymous with Tottenham. But the French goalkeeper is now 35 and after his error gave Newcastle the lead, signs of his decline are becoming harder to ignore for Conte. Fabian Schar’s free-kick made it round the wall that Lloris had carefully positioned, but the veteran stopper was slow to react. There wasn’t a great deal of power or direction on the effort, and Lloris will know he should have kept it out after his weak fist pushed the ball into his own net. Every goalkeeper makes mistakes, but Tottenham fans will be concerned with how often Lloris tends to be the man behind them. Spurs signed Pierluigi Gollini on loan from Atalanta as backup last summer, but clearly Conte doesn’t see the Italian as his future number one. With more high-profile mistakes of this kind, the club may have to consider finding a long-term replacement for Lloris after another disappointing goal conceded. Eddie Howe had gained a reputation for prioritising attacking over defence at Bournemouth, leading to — perhaps unfair — accusations about his lack of defensive nous as a coach. At last, the Newcastle boss is proving his doubters wrong by transforming his side into one that is difficult to break down. The first games of his reign included 4-0 humblings by Leicester and Newcastle. But since making the necessary signings to improve his squad, such as Dan Burn and Matt Targett from Brighton and Aston Villa respectively, the Magpies have improved significantly. They hadn’t conceded more than a goal in a game in the whole of 2022 and had won six out of their last 10 games in all competitions. Even in their recent defeats to Chelsea and Everton, they defended resolutely throughout — and it was the same story as they frustrated Tottenham in the first half before Ben Davies’ glanced his header into the far corner. However, the way his side capitulated in the second half will provide a cause for concern, risking losing the progress his side have made over the past three months. Tottenham sprung a surprise when they decided to replace Tanguy Ndombele with a more defensive midfielder in Rodrigo Bentancur. But Antonio Conte will feel that the decision to sign him from Juventus for £20m has been justified two months into his Spurs career. Conte’s 3-4-3 formation needs balance, with the wing-backs taking up high positions on either flank and the front three staying forward. Bentancur patrols the back four with poise and tenacity, as shown against Newcastle with a commanding display as Spurs’ midfield general. At 24, he still has some improvements to make but generally, the Uruguayan is a calm operator on the ball and brings some much-needed quality to the Spurs midfield areas. His efforts were recognised with scattered applause from sections of the home fans, underlining his growing popularity in north London.