The world is closer to nuclear warfare than it has been since the Cold War and events like the Cuban Missile Crisis put the West in touching distance of annihilation. Vladimir Putin’s assault on Ukraine has rekindled the nuclear warfare debate, one that continues to grow as Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky urges the West to go further than just implementing sanctions. Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Poland’s deputy prime minister, this weekend urged the US to put nuclear weapons on Polish soil — a move that would no doubt be viewed as a major escalation by the Russian President. Speaking to the Welt am Sonntag newspaper, he said: “If the Americans asked us to store US nuclear weapons in Poland, we would be open to that. “It would significantly increase deterrence towards Moscow.” In the first days of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Putin placed his nuclear deterrent forces on high alert, the first instance of its kind in Europe for decades. Now, Express.co.uk has explored the UK’s own nuclear arsenal, designed to deter the most extreme threats to national security. READ MORE: Where are UK nuclear weapons? Map shows UK nuclear capabilities The Ministry of Defence says the Government view is that “minimum, credible, independent nuclear deterrent, declared to the defence of NATO, is essential to our security and that of our NATO allies”. Both Russia and the US have thousands of nuclear weapons — the former holding the world’s largest number — the majority of which are at least five times more powerful than the bombs which destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945. France and the UK, both NATO members, possess their own nuclear weapons but ones that are significantly less powerful than the nuclear superpowers. The UK is believed to possess 225 nuclear warheads in its Trident nuclear weapons programme, but only 120 of these are active. These are available for deployment on four Vanguard-class nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines (SSBNs). One of the four SSBNs is deployed at sea at all times in what is known as a Continuous At-Sea Deterrent (CASD) posture. Two others, meanwhile, remain in port ready to be deployed at short notice. According to non-profit organisation Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, the fourth SSBN remains in overhaul and could not be deployed at short notice, if at all. DON'T MISS:Putin’s military regroup doomed over failures in Ukraine [EXCLUSIVE]Putin slept with shotgun in St Petersburg after 'violent' USSR fall [INSIGHT]Britain accused of staging war crimes in Ukraine on Russian TV [QUOTES] British SSBNs carry out a number of tasks while on patrol, including scientific data collection. They are based at Her Majesty’s Naval Base in Clyde, otherwise known as Faslane — the Royal Navy’s primary Scottish base. Non-operational warheads are stored three kilometres west of the base at the Royal Naval Armaments Depot. The UK had slowly been reducing its nuclear stockpiles over the past two decades but reversed this decision last year. The Government announced in its 2021 Integrated Review that the upper limit of the UK’s nuclear inventory would be increased to no more than 260 warheads — marking the first increase since the end of the Cold War. Britain’s nuclear missiles are built in the US, according to GetSurrey, but the Vanguard submarines are built on home soil. Each Trident missile has a range of up to 7,500 miles (12,070 kilometres), with a destructive force equivalent to eight of the bombs that destroyed Hiroshima. The Royal Navy’s new Dreadnought Class submarine is due to replace the Vanguard systems. Under current plans, they will be introduced in the 2030s and have a lifespan of 30 years. The Ministry of Defence said of the new submarines: “Designed and built in the UK, these new submarines will be some of the most advanced machines ever built, employing world-leading and cutting-edge technology to deliver an extremely capable and intensely formidable capability.” The MoD added: “This investment in our future security will ensure that the UK has a minimum, credible, independent nuclear deterrent for as long as the global security situation makes it necessary. “We will continue to keep our nuclear posture under constant review in light of the international security environment and the actions of potential adversaries.”