Retired magistrate Clive Sowerby, 78, refused to pay hundreds of pounds in fines to a private parking firm during a legal dispute which began in October 2019. An initial debt of just 50p had spiralled into a £272 demand, which the man said had ‘crippled him’. The grandfather-of-three was originally served with a County Court Judgement (CCJ) after parking his car in Crown Lane in Stourbridge. He put £4 in a pay and display machine not realising the cost had just been put up to £4.50. And some weeks later he received a £60 fine through the post. Mr Sowerby wrote to the firm explaining his error but they replied in November 2019 telling him the penalty had increased to £160. READ MORE: New car tax changes today will leave drivers in 'sticky situations' He contacted the firm again and heard nothing back until early last year when they replied to say the case would go to court. The firm responsible, Premier Parking Logistics told the man he had been issued with a CCJ with the fine going up to £272.55. Mr Sowerby said the CCJ had spoiled his chance of applying for a loan to expand his shoe shop business he has run in the town for 50 years. He also feared the mark on his credit score would delay his retirement plans and affect how much he would leave to his family in his will. DON'T MISSDrivers brand EV owners 'plain stupid' for not having home charger [SHOCKING]Petrol price checker: How to check the cheapest fuel near you [INSIGHT]Drivers call on electric car owners to pay car tax - 'very simple' [COMMENT] However Mr Sowerby continued to refuse to pay the fine, despite concerns over his family's financial future. Now, he has successfully overturned the judgement issued against him following a hearing at Worcester County Court and said "finally common sense has prevailed". He added: "You can't do anything with a CCJ, it's really crippling. But I've done this for the community. "We don't need people like this doing business in our town and I think people need to stand up for themselves when they know they are not in the wrong.” Mr Sowerby continued: "The way the parking company went about their business was both unjust and ruthless. "I've had to appeal three times and finally common sense has prevailed. Previously it felt like the courts were aiding and abetting this kind of behaviour. "They simply said at first I had the financial means to pay but I successfully argued the fine was grossly unfair. "The signage was shambolic so you could not see the charges had increased. “They had put a sticker up over the zero to indicate it had gone up 50p.” He added: "There was a tree blocking part of the tariff board and another sign about the price rise was just cellotaped to it. "There was no intention on my part to avoid paying, we spend around £700 a year parking there, we just didn't notice the price hike "It has been nice to finally put the parking company in their place and to clear my name. "But it should also serve as a warning these private parking companies will take motorists to court." A spokesperson for Premier Parking Logistics said: "The county court judgement stated to dismiss the CCJ but it still cost him over £200 to set the judgement aside. "The court ruled that he was not entitled to any expenses which proves we were correct in issuing the judgement. "We believe the judgement was made in sympathy rather than hard facts, that's why we were advised not to pay his expenses. "He initially failed to pay full payment for parking. It is his responsibility to make sure he has paid the full tariff before leaving the car park. "The charge issued advised he could make payment of £60 or appeal to us or an independent appeals service of which he ignored. "We also offered the full rate of £100 after this to be paid within 28 days of which he also ignored. "We advised we would forward the unpaid debt to debt recovery. "He then corresponded with the debt recovery agent during lockdown and advised them to change his residential address details on file to his business address therefore advised all post to be sent to his business. "He was aware correspondence was requested to be sent to his business address during lockdown so he was responsible for collecting his mail." 