Arsenal hero Ian Wright has backed-up Piers Morgan’s view that the Gunners should sign Manchester United ace Cristiano Ronaldo. Ronaldo produced a scintillating performance on Saturday afternoon as he struck a Premier League hat-trick against Norwich. The Red Devils signed Ronaldo for a second time last summer after they spent £12.8million to prise him away from Juventus. The 37-year-old has found the back of the net 21 times in 34 United appearances since then. But there have been suggestions that he could depart the club this summer, despite the fact he still has another year remaining on his contract. Arsenal, meanwhile, have been struggling for goals in recent weeks and have lost their last three matches. And Wright believes Ronaldo could be the answer to the north Londoners’ problems. “He’s got 13 points alone from winning goals that he’s scored for them,” the former England striker said of Ronaldo on Saturday. “That’s what you get at Man United. MUST READ: Arsenal ready 'important proposal' to Paulo Dybala as Juventus ace set for 'three offers'   “That’s exactly what Arsenal need because, if he wasn’t playing for United, they’d be nowhere near where they are. That’s what you pay for and that’s what he’s delivered - he’s amazing.” Wright’s comments came just hours after Gunners fan Morgan had called on the club to thrash out a deal for the veteran. “Arsenal should sign Ronaldo this summer,” the broadcaster wrote on Twitter. “I’m deadly serious. That would solve our striker problem and help me move on from Aubameyang. I’ve already sorted Cristiano a shirt.” Morgan, who saw his team fail to score on Saturday when they lost 1-0 to Southampton in the Premier League, accompanied his post with a picture of an interview he did with Ronaldo, where he presented the Portugal forward with an Arsenal jersey. And he is clearly a big fan of the blockbuster star. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal     Ronaldo has enjoyed a stellar career in football and is widely regarded as one of the best players to ever play the game. The star helped United win three Premier League titles, the Champions League and the Club World Cup during his first stint at Old Trafford at the beginning of his career. He went on to win four more Champions Leagues, three more Club World Cups and two La Liga titles during a nine-year spell with Real Madrid before moving to Juventus, where he won two Serie A titles and the Coppa Italia. Ronaldo, who has won the Ballon d’Or five times, tasted success with Portugal at Euro 2016. And his 115 goals for his country makes him the highest goalscorer in international history. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 