People’s ability to get the full state pension is dependent on their National Insurance record. However, some people may be surprised to learn their record is not as strong as they thought. This is because someone merely paying National Insurance contributions does not automatically mean they have earned a qualifying year for National Insurance. Qualifying years contribute towards the amount of state pension Britons are entitled to. To get the full new state pension, someone usually needs 35 qualifying years on their record. For the full basic state pension, it is 30 years. READ MORE: ‘We’re hungry all the time’ Single mum pleads for help as Universal Credit falls short A minimum of 10 years are usually required to get any state pension whatsoever. There are specific requirements which must be met to earn a qualifying year. Firstly, someone must have paid National Insurance at the right amount based on their earnings. They must also have earned more than a certain amount during a tax year. DON'T MISSBritons could ‘pocket over £600 a year’ using ‘great way’ to save extra cash [INSIGHT]Benefit expert shares how to receive £350 per month for mental health conditions from DWP [BENEFITS]'Incredibly attractive' - Savers offered 'top in class' interest rate via new account [SAVINGS] Tax years run from April 6 to April 5. Employees must earn £190 a week for the 2022/23 tax year to get a qualifying year. They will also be able to get a qualifying year if they earn £9,880 throughout the tax year. For those who are self-employed, the rules are slightly different. Self-employed people pay Class 2 National Insurance contributions towards their state pension on profits of more than £6,725 in the 2022/23 tax year. They are responsible for making sure they pay National Insurance, whereas employees usually have it deducted from their pay automatically. Britons who have an income which regularly fluctuates may be at risk of not fulfilling the requirements to earn a qualifying year. Those who are on a low income could also be at risk. People can check their National Insurance record online via the Government website to see where they stand. This could help them avoid any disappointment when they reach state pension age. It could be possible to improve a National Insurance record by claiming certain benefits with attached National Insurance credits. Alternatively, someone may improve their record by paying voluntary contributions.