Auctioneer Charles Hanson accompanied Ochuko Ojiri on his Antiques Road Trip debut in a classic episode of the BBC programme. The treasure hunting kicked off in Yorkshire where fan favourite Charles discovered a vintage shopping list with no price tag. While he revealed the unusual item was "outside his comfort zone", Charles took a risk by taking it to an auction. He and Ochuko were gobsmacked when his decision paid off.  Gallery owner Ochuko has a penchant for 20th Century art and began his trip with a modest starting sum of £200 as did Charles. Their aim was to buy a range of antiques which would make a profit when sold at auction. Ochuko put his hopes on a sleepy Japanese poodle toy he discovered in a vintage shop and Charles decided to buy an antique shopping list. During the episode, Charles discovered the vintage wooden shopping list board which had the words 'a Hygena Cabinet brings joy to the home' written on it. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage Charles explained: "It's an enamel sign and I quite like it, it's got things like macaroni on and biscuits. It's a sort of retro shopping aid memoir. "From 1930 to now you can really see how life has changed and it's really quite a charming object. "I'm taking a definite mental note, there is no guide price but I like it." The vintage enthusiast, who has appeared on antiques programmes for the past two decades, decided to purchase the item for £60.  Later on in the episode, auctioneer Edward Taxil-Webber had a closer look at the items Charles and Ochuko purchased before they went to auction. He said: "The shopping list is unusual for sure, I forget things when I go to the supermarket and I am hopeful there is someone else like me who will hopefully snap it up today." Charles and Ochuko had their iPads in their hands to anxiously watch the auction unfold while they were sitting in a forest. When his list was about to be auctioned, Charles said: "It's vintage, vintage, vintage, but it's out of my comfort zone in terms of knowledge but I just like it." DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip expert Ochuko Ojiri ‘heartbroken’ by statue’s loss [UPDATE]Antiques Road Trip's Natasha Raskin Sharp excited by portrait's profit [MUST SEE]Antiques Road Trip's Izzie gasps as bench makes huge profit [LATEST] The auctioneer said: "I always forget items on my shopping list and this will be quite of interest." An excited Charles exclaimed: "Good lad, he's my sort of guy." The bidding for the list started at £50 and it received a significant amount of interest and quickly went up to £80. As the bids continued to rise, Charles exclaimed: "We're cooking. Go on lad." "A rarety there at £85, any advances on £85?" The auctioneer asked the room.  After the item sold for an impressive £85, Charles admitted: "I was concerned it may have flopped. But £85, is a £25 profit." Following his success with the shopping list, Ochuko smiled: "A testament to you." At the end of the episode, it was revealed Ochuko made a loss and ended up with £137.46. While Charles, who also began the episode with £200, made a small profit of £14.26 which took his total up to £214.46. The pair had another four auctions to attend on their road trip and Charles told Chuko as they were driving off to their next destination: "Onwards and upwards and keep believing." Antiques Road Trip episodes can be viewed on BBC iPlayer. 