The fire, which broke out on the 15th floor of 16-storey tower block Nauls Mill House, began yesterday evening. A total of 17 response vehicles attended the scene, including 13 fire engines. Four ambulances were dispatched to the scene. West Midlands Fire Service also deployed drones "to assist in operational decision making". The first crew arrived at the building at 8.50pm yesterday, within two minutes of being mobilised. Police officers and fire service personnel remain on the scene this morning. Power is yet to be restored to the building after it was turned off during the blaze. With the power out, the lifts are out of order, meaning that residents of the 16-storey block are being forced to use the stairs.   Residents of the affected flats have been evacuated and are in discussions with Citizen Housing about finding temporary accommodation. Five adults, a child and an infant were asked to wear fire escape hoods before being led to safety by firefighters in breathing apparatus. Another five adults and one child self-evacuated from the building. Four people were assessed at the scene, before being discharged with minor injuries. A Citizen Housing worker told Coventry Live that the flat where the blaze started was "completely wiped out".  Speaking about the fire, one resident of the building told Coventry Live: "We were running around like headless chickens." Shortly before 10pm on Saturday, West Midlands Fire Service said: "15 pumps are currently in attendance at a severe high rise fire in Coventry. "The fire is reported to be on the 15th floor of a 16 storey block." The cause of the fire, which has now successfully been extinguished, is yet to be established. A spokesperson for West Midlands Ambulance Service said: "Paramedics from the HART team have been working with firefighters inside the block of flats as residents have been evacuated. "In total four patients were assessed and treated at the scene before being discharged with minor injuries. "Although the fire is now out, ambulance staff continue to work with firefighters to ensure all residents are accounted for and there are no other casualties".