Nick Kyrgios has hit out at chair umpires once again, a week after his outburst at Carlos Bernardes during his Miami Open last-16 match. The Aussie shared a post from fellow pro Steven Diez who was embroiled in a line call incident during the Houston ATP 250 qualifying event and made a fresh quip at tennis officials after the mistake. Kyrgios was embroiled in controversy last week when the umpire’s walky-talky went off mid-ralling during his Miami Open last-16 match against Jannik Sinner. The 26-year-old hit out at officials as he ranted: “Get a new set of referees, these guys don’t know how to do s***. Walky-talkies going off. It’s a joke. He is a joke. Get rid of every single staff and start over.” The former world No 13 went on to receive a point and game penalty as he lost to the Italian in straight sets and later stood by his comments, tweeting: “I am aiming all of this at an umpire who clearly ISNT GOOD ENOUGH to be doing these matches. Nothing but a slap on the wrist for him right? What a joke.” And Kyrgios is now slamming officials once more after an incident that took place during the qualifying for this week’s US Men’s Clay Court Championship. Steven Diez took to social media to share the “biggest injustice” he had experienced on a tennis court when the umpire called game, set and match to him in his qualifying match and reversed the decision when he decided to go and check a ball mark on the clay. “In the video as you can see I won the match with a passing shot that my opponent clearly tries to reach and even turns his head to see the ball pass him,” the world No 292 wrote in his lengthy post. JUST IN: Djokovic and Nadal face threat for 'biggest titles' from Thiem “After celebrating and about to shake hands with my opponent, the chair umpire decides to check the mark when clearly the match was over and it’s way too late to mark the ball. That was his huge first mistake.” The 31-year-old continued to detail the injustices he felt before concluding: “Where do I want to go with all this??? I think in tennis very rarely a chair umpire pays for his mistakes, but on the other hand when a tennis player doesn't do his job well, he's on the next flight home with no points and less money. “Today in the greatest injustice that has happened to me in my life, justice has been done. Call it justice, God or Karma, but luckily I got in as a lucky loser and I'll be playing again on Tuesday.” From 6-4 5-4 Ad-40 up, Diez went on to lose the match 4-6 7-5 6-2 before still managing to make the draw. DON'T MISSAlcaraz tipped to follow Nadal by winning 'double digit' Grand SlamsFederer and Nadal 'sportsman' attitude 'boring' in Zverev comparisonTennis ace slaps opponent at the net causing ugly brawl    Kyrgios, who is also competing in the ATP 250 event with a wildcard, shared the post to his story and wrote: “Umpires doing a good job everywhere,” referencing his recent match in Miami. The six-time title winner went on to receive a fine of £26,635 for his code violations during the match and the ATP has since sent out a warning to players after high-profile outbursts from both Kyrgios and Alexander Zverev. "The first three months of the season have seen an unusual frequency of high-profile incidents involving unsportsmanlike conduct,” ATP boss Andrea Gaudenzi wrote in a circular sent to the players on tour. He also confirmed that umpires would be working to stricter guidelines with a review of the current Code to crack down on outbursts directed at officials, adding: "Effective immediately, and as we had into the clay court swing, the ATP officiating team has been directed to take a stricter stance in judging violations of the Code of Conduct.”