Dylan's character James will be returning to Channel 4 for the third season of the hit comedy Derry Girls next week. As the only male student enrolled at an all-girls school, Our Lady Immaculate College, Londoner James has been adjusting to life in Northern Ireland since series one. Ahead of the final series airing, Dylan revealed he was "still processing" the show coming to an end.  The actor and his co-stars recently spoke to Cosmopolitan UK about how "emotional" filming the third series was. James, who has become part of the close-knit group at Our Lady Immaculate College, refused to attend the local boys' school as he feared he would be picked on for being English. Fans will know the series follows four friends from Derry - and James - as they navigate their way through teenage life in Northern Ireland. The third series is penned to be the final outing, having first aired back in 2018 to high acclaim. Bridgerton's Nicola Coughlan will return as the awkward Claire as will Saoirse-Monica Jackson as Erin Quinn in the new series. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage Louisa Harland will also be reprising her role as Orla McCool. James actor Dylan, who will be starring alongside them, recently opened up about Derry Grils coming to an end after three seasons. The 29-year-old actor said: “Yeah, I think it's very emotional to end. "Like the wrap day was just - it's quite shocking, just processing, 'Wow, this is it,' and to say goodbye to, not only the cast, but the crew as well who we've worked with on season one and two. "It's quite emotional,” he told Cosmopolitan UK.  When asked whether a Derry Girls spin-off would be of interest, Saoirse-Monica Jackson said: “If [creator] Lisa [McGee] came to me with an opportunity, I would definitely be intrigued and would love to do it down the line. "But I think the show [as it is] will always be close to my heart, those sort of monumental moments of having all the girls together is something really special.” Jamie-Lee O’Donnell, who plays Michelle Mallon, added: “I mean let's be honest, I would take Lisa’s phone call any day of the week about anything. "But because every single character has so many layers to them and different personalities, the spin-off possibilities are endless. DON'T MISS...Derry Girls writer claims Brexiteers 'didn't know what they' voted for [LATEST]Derry Girls season 3 release date, cast, trailer, plot: All we know [EXPLAINER] Nicola Coughlan states Derry Girls delay caused ‘insane stress’ [INSIGHT] "It would be interesting to see if that's something Lisa is interested in.” Both of the previous seasons have been made up of six episodes and the same is expected for the final outing. The series will air weekly on Tuesdays, and each episode will be available to watch back on the streaming service, All4. Not much has been revealed about the plot yet but cast members have teased it's the "best we've ever done".  Season one and two of Derry Girls are available to watch on All 4 and the third series airs on Channel 4 on April 12. The full interview can be read on Cosmopolitan UK. 