Eliza Butterworth is best known for her role as Aelswith in The Last Kingdom and fans fear they have seen the last of her character after the series came to an end in March. However, despite the five seasons being wrapped up, the actress has called for Netflix to make a spin-off titled Saxon Spies as she reflected on her “favourite scene of all time”. The official The Last Kingdom Instagram shared a clip of Aelswith in the woods as she slowly worked out Aethelhelm’s (played by Adrian Schiller) schemes. The post was captioned: “Aelswith is slowly unravelling Aethelhelm's scheming plan...Aelfwynn should keep a watch over her shoulder... #TLK5 #TheLastKingdom.” While fans were quick to share their delight over the moment from the fifth and final series, Eliza noted she wanted more of the three women featured. She commented: “This was literally one of my favourite scenes to film of all time!!! READ MORE: Former The Apprentice star lewis ellis talks leaving the show “We now need an espionage spin off for Aelswith, Eadith and Aelfwynn and let’s call it SAXON SPIES. “Starring the phenomenal @stefaniemartini @phiasaban @harryanton8 and @itslukenunn and directed by the sensational director of the last three episodes @mraphilipson.” While fans are no doubt desperate to see Eliza back on screen again, the actress shared she has been filming abroad for her next project. Sharing a snap of herself posing in front of an ocean view in a floral sundress, Eliza revealed she’s in Tenerife. “I’ve been living in Tenerife since early February and have been having such a blast filming A Town Called Malice for Sky!” she wrote. “I will be here until the end of June and this is me living my best life as a tourist! All photos taken by my beautiful boo.” Sky announced A Town Called Malice was in production in January and is an explosive family saga, thriller, and crime drama collision. The series will be eight parts and is created and written by Nick Love. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom's Millie Brady says she 'blagged' Aethelflaed stunts [INSIGHT]'Very unfair!’ Last Kingdom’s Aethelhelm star swipes back at criticism [REACTION]The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon risks derailing filming [LATEST] Set amongst the beach clubs and palm trees of the Costa del Sol in the early 80s, A Town Called Malice follows the Lords, a crime family of petty thieves from South London, as they decamp from London to Spain to profit from an unexpected windfall – and to escape the attention of the police in a high-profile murder enquiry. The Lord family is headed up by Jason Flemyng as Albert Lord, Jack Rowan as Gene Lord, Tahirah Sharif joins as Cindy Carter, Gean’s girlfriend, and Martha Plimpton as Mint Ma. They will be joined by wider family members Dougray Scott as Uncle Tony, Lex Shrapnel as Leonard Lord, Daniel Sharman as Kelly Lord, George Jaques as Anthony Lord and Eliza will star as Carly Lord. The smartest, but overlooked, youngest son, Gene, and his fearless fiancée, Cindy (Sharif) flee to Spain to evade arrest after narrowly surviving a gangland battle. The lovers quickly find themselves embroiled in the local underworld, and trouble starts to follow these two like night after day. When the other Lords join them on the Costa del Sol, the family realises this is a golden opportunity to re-invent themselves and re-capture their former glory – much to the annoyance of Gene and Cindy, who have a very different plan. Fans will likely be able to see Eliza as Carly in the drama either later this year or in early 2023. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix now.