Boris Johnson, along with his wife Carrie Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak, was last week issued with fixed-penalty notices (FPN) by police investigating claims of coronavirus lockdown breaches in No 10. Mr Johnson has apologised for his part in attending his own birthday bash, held in June 2020 in the Cabinet Room, and paid the fine despite telling the Commons previously that all Covid guidance was followed at the heart of Government. But Christine from Bromley has hit back at critics as she explains how Brexit would not have continued without him. Speaking to LBC, Christine said: "Boris has acted as the guardian for democracy in this country. "1.4million votes were the majority for leaving the EU and whether people liked that or not, it was a voice of the people in the referendum. "Nobody else it seemed to me was prepared to defend that decision apart from Boris. "I am well aware of his faults and his shortcomings, I'm well aware that he can be reckless and sometimes lacking in all sorts of ways. READ MORE: The 2 clear signs that Vladimir Putin is suffering with ill health "But can you imagine if we hadn't got Brexit done event to the extent we have, it's an ongoing process. "If we hadn't have Brexited after the referendum, we would have been a laughing stock of the world." It comes as MPs will get the chance to vote on whether Boris Johnson misled Parliament over his assurances Covid rules were followed in Downing Street, the Commons Speaker has announced. Sir Lindsay Hoyle said he had approved an application from Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and other opposition MPs allowing them to table a motion for debate on Thursday. Sir Lindsay told MPs he had "no jurisdiction over the ministerial code" and whether it had been breached, but instead could "decide whether there is an arguable case to be examined". Having taken advice from clerks on the matter, the Speaker said he had decided to allow Sir Keir to table his motion. Labour is understood to be wording the motion to make Thursday's vote about whether to refer Mr Johnson to the Committee of Privileges, which examines issues relating to contempt of Parliament. The committee, PA news agency understands, has the power to summon reports and documents. DON'T MISS JB Gill on Brexit and challenges he faces running farm with wife [INSIGHT]Bashing Britain is only thing Macron and Le Pen agree on [ANALYSIS]Rejoiner shut down for saying British cash was donated by EU [VIDEO] It means that MPs could request to see the full version of senior civil servant Sue Gray's inquiry into the Downing Street lockdown gatherings and any potential photographic evidence that exists. A Labour source: "Any Conservative MP considering voting to block this investigation would be voting for a cover-up. "They should reflect on the mess they got themselves into over Owen Paterson before falling into line." Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey urged Conservative MPs to "do their patriotic duty" in Thursday's vote.