Celebrity Big Brother star Darren Day spoke to GB News hosts Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster on their morning show, Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel about starring in the new musical, Footloose. Appearing via video link with his co-star Jake Quickenden, Darren, 53, spoke about starring as Reverend Shaw Moore in the production while putting his strikingly silver head of hair on display. It was Darren's vibrant silver locks that caught attention during the chat. Addressing his role in the musical, Darren said to the GB News hosts: "Well Eamonn, you'll understand why but I was quite surprised when I put the Reverend's dog collar on for the first time, I was quite surprised I didn't go up in flames. "I thought there was going to be a lightning strike from the sky," he quipped. The actor went on: "But it's an amazing show to do and it really is the ultimate feel good show." READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams Hollywood's 'nauseating hypocrisy' over Will Smith Darren went on to tell the Irish newsreader that he considered himself to be "lucky" that he'd been given the opportunity to star in the musical at this point in his career. He said to the presenter: "And I feel so lucky Eamonn because you know, post pandemic and at this stage in my career I've been doing it for a long time too "I did six months in Chicago, I remember coming into the studio with you just before I did that last year. "Six months of that and straight into Footloose." Last October, Darren revealed his decision to go completely grey in view of his 14,800 Instagram followers. The star shared a striking snap of himself with a vibrantly silver head of hair with his fans, revealing that he'd decided to take the leap. He wrote: "So…I’m finally embracing the grey! "For the past few years I’ve had the ‘silver’ on the sides of my hair dyed to match the top. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais blasts Will Smith for slapping 'gentle' Chris Rock [INSIGHT]Bobby Rydell dead: Bye Bye Birdie star and teen heartthrob dies at 79 [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan responds to Gary Linker following jibe over new show [UPDATE] "Then last week my mate and incredible hair stylist @robertjeaton @russelleatonhair coloured the top to match the sides! "I can’t thank him enough for what he’s achieved through his expertise. "I’m really happy with my new look. "Not my face! But deffo my hair x" (sic) he ended his post. Following Darren's reveal, the actor's followers rushed to the comments to weigh in on his new look. Instagram user paulamariecollins wrote: "You look amazing." While nessyninin added: "Grey is the new whatever colour. "Of a certain age we should all embrace it."