Season five of Station 19 has been airing on a regular basis in recent weeks, with ABC viewers discovering more about Sullivan (played by Boris Kodjoe) and Natasha’s (Merle Dandridge) backstory, a possible jail term for Andy (Jaina Lee Ortiz), and several other plot points. But after episode 15 aired in the USA on Thursday, April 7, it soon transpired fans will have to sit tight for the 16th instalment. On Thursday, April 14, there will sadly not be a new episode of Station 19 season five. And the bad news doesn’t stop there as the following Thursday (April 21) is also void of a new instalment. ABC has announced exactly when the fire-fighter drama will be back on screens, however. With still a few episodes to go in Station 19 season five, the drama will return on Thursday, May 5 to cram in the final few instalments. READ MORE: The Ultimatum’s Nate sparks fan fury after ‘embarrassing’ proposal The Station 19 season five finale has been confirmed for Thursday, May 19 on ABC. This will be the same day as Big Sky’s second season finale, led by Vikings’ Katheryn Winnick. Sister show and trendsetter Grey’s Anatomy will end its 18th run the following week on Thursday, May 26. With still a few weeks at least until its return, details on the next episode remain scarce, but ABC has released a new promo for episode 16 to tease what’s in store. The promo opens with Andy in the courtroom as she faces a manslaughter charge for her part in the death of Jeremy (Daniel Di Tomasso) who tried to sexually assault her. Andy had left him in a life-threatening condition after she hit him in the throat to escape and despite the team’s best efforts to save him, it was to no avail. “You’ve been charged with manslaughter in the first-degree,” a judge says to her. “How do you plead?” “Not guilty,” Andy protests but as the judge smashes the gavel, he tells her: “Bail is set at $100,000.” DON'T MISS:The Rookie theory: Nyla Harper set for split heartbreak after clue The Blacklist theory: Panabaker to help take down Cooper's blackmailerY 1883: Faith Hill on filming steamy scenes with her husband Andy looks stunned before the promo cuts to her leaving jail and being driven home by Natasha Ross (Merle Dandridge). She vents: “My name is all over the local news next to the word ‘killer’.” A cutaway shows Andy reading a news article about her case and it’s clear the weight of the charges are starting to hit her. “Fire fighters charged with a felony ought to be suspended,” Natasha says, prompting Andy to argue:”It’s not like I robbed a bank!” But the Fire Chief appears to lack sympathy as she hits back: “No, you killed a man.” And the drama in Andy’s life isn’t going to stop there as it soon transpires her mum will reenter her life. “I’m looking for Andrea Herrera, I’m her mother,” Andy’s mum says as she arrives at the station and meets Hughes (Barrett Doss) for the first time. Later she turns up at Andy’s apartment, but will she help keep her daughter out of jail or is it another obstacle for Andy to overcome? Station 19 season 5 returns to ABC in the USA on Thursday, May 5.