The cost of living crisis tops the poll of top concerns while the controversy about politicians breaking lockdown rules came at the bottom of a very long list – far behind issues such as the NHS capacity crisis, the economy and the national debt, and the Ukraine war. People are also more concerned about care for the elderly, freedom of speech, climate change, housing costs and illegal immigration than the alleged shenanigans which have been the focus of exhaustive speculation. It is perhaps not surprising that Sir Keir Starmer has focused such attention on partygate during Prime Minister’s Questions rather than seek a debate on genuinely difficult challenges which demand strong leadership. Politicians should heed this evidence of what the people who ultimately pay their wages – and whom they are elected to represent – think about this imbroglio. At a time when people are worried about putting food on the table they should focus on true bread and butter issues. Nobody would have envisaged Boris Becker’s spectacular fall from grace when he was at the height of his powers on the tennis court. It is extraordinary to see a once world-conquering sportsman jailed for two-and-a-half years after hiding assets worth £2.5million. As his barrister put it, he “has literally nothing”. It is possible this legendary player and accomplished coach can yet make a positivecontribution to society. Yes, it is a tragic juncture in the story of a tennis prodigy who triumphed at Wimbledon at the age of just 17 in 1985 and found himself propelled to fame. But if he can use the talent, determination and focus which drove his early success to help others the Becker saga may have happier chapters ahead. A world of on-demand kisses has jumped closer with the development of a virtual reality system which canstimulate sensations on lips. The American researchers have harnessed airborne acoustic energy to give users the feeling of brushing their teeth, having a coffee and – yuck – a simulation ofcrawling bugs. It will be some time before the perfect kiss is recreated as the boffins admit this is “quite complex”. Many people would doubtless invest in this technology but it is hard to imagine it proving more fun than a real encounter with someone wonderful.