Ramadan is the month-long festival celebrated by Muslims every year. Expected to begin imminently, the holiest month of the year sees Islamic people undertake huge sacrifices, such as abstaining from food and water during daylight ours, to help them celebrate and reflect on their faith. This year, Ramadan is expected to start on Saturday, April 2. It lasts between 29 and 30 days until the sighting of the next crescent moon marks the end of the holy month. During Ramadan, Muslims give thanks to Allah, while the fasting ritual allows them to understand the suffering of others. However, there is more to Ramadan than simply giving up sustenance at certain times of the day.  READ MORE: Ramadan 2022 full guide: Key dates, fasting guidance and teachings Ramadan is a time of reflection for Muslims, where observers work on self-reflection and observing their faith. To do this, during daylight hours, eating or drinking is not permitted, but when the sun isn’t shining, feasting is allowed again. Muslims will usually take part in suhoor, the morning meal, and after sunset iftar, the evening meal. Sajad Mahmood, CEO of CharityRight, said: “Observing the fast during the holy month is extremely important as it is a time for improving one’s connection to God and is a time for self-reflection, and self-control. “Ramadan is a month which should act as a month of spiritual training for the rest of the year. “The aim of Ramadan is to help set you up with good habits for the rest of the year so you are stronger spiritually and mentally than you were before.”  READ MORE: When is Ramadan? UK start and end dates and times for 2022 Listening to music is allowed during Ramadan - but some observers will choose not to. Some Muslims will not listen to music while fasting, while others will cut down on how much music they listen to. Mr Mahmood explained to Metro.co.uk: “Whilst some Muslims believe that music is prohibited, those who do not, usually limit their intake during fasting hours, particularly music that includes foul language.” How can I wish someone a happy Ramadan? You're welcome to say, "Happy Ramadan" or "Happy Eid". You can also say "Ramadan Mubarak", which means: "Have a blessed Ramadan". Another popular greeting is "Ramadan Kareem", which means: "Have a generous Ramadan".