Jeremy Vine welcomed guests Kevin McGuire and Carole Malone onto Wednesday's Channel 5 show where they chatted about the Rwanda asylum plan, which is a scheme intended to curb migrant crossings of the English Channel, with 60,000 expected to attempt it this year. Boris Johnson confirmed the drastic new plans would tackle small boat crossings in the English Channel by sending asylum seekers to Rwanda, which is part of the Government's hopes of tackling immigration. However, it didn't take long for the debate to get heated when Malone and McGuire expressed their views. Malone began by branding the immigration system as a "shambles". She ranted: "It encourages criminality, it encourages people to risk their lives. "A quarter of all the foreign nationals who were convicted of Islamist offences last year in this country, either applied for asylum in this country or were rejected for it. "28,000 people crossed the Channel last year, more will be crossing this year, yet 30 people died." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge She continued: "We're spending £5million a day on hotels. The government is block-booking hotels everywhere, the government has paid £200million to the French authority for schemes that aren't working. "We're talking about Rwanda, this is not a lawless hellhole, this is a country that in the last 20 years has seen a massive economic boom thanks to the vision of the president there." "Are you going to mention the genocide?" Vine chipped in to ask before Malone fumed: "That was 30 years ago, Jeremy. "It was not under the present government, that was nearly 30 years ago, 20 years ago in 1994. So the genocide, that's not happening now, it is a very progressive country now." McGuire proceeded to interrupt Malone as he raged: "It's cruel, probably unlawful." "How is it cruel?" Malone asked before McGuire hit back: "Dumping people in Rwanda?" As Malone tried to interrupt, McGuire said: "You asked me now let me answer. "It's cruel because you are dumping people, you're outsourcing your own problem. Now, there's an issue clearly with people crossing the Channel." DON'T MISS...Ukraine general forced to sit out war freed 'Banged up in Germany' [VIDEO]Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [INSIGHT]Owen Jones savages Blair's calls for more people to go to uni [REACTION] He continued: "But dumping them in Rwanda, 4,500 miles away, you have to pay a £120million bribe to a pretty authoritarian regime, the human rights record is poor. "You then going to have £20,000 to £30,000 per person you dump there because it's not to process their applications, it's to dump them there." "What's Labour's stance on immigration?" Malone fumed. "You know you're Labour." "You're asking and then you shout over me," McGuire added. "I think Labour's plan is like the government, you try and stop the sailings and then when people arrive here, you have to process them quicker because it's very slow at the moment." "But you know, those boat people will come over, the majority of them are found to have legitimately clear [reasons] for asylum." "No, that's not true, Kevin," Malone shouted."UNHCR says 70 percent of them are not fleeing persecution, the French authorities..." "They have," McGuire interrupted before Malone replied: "You support two systems do you? "You support the legal immigration system and you support the illegal one, which means that anyone can come on a boat and stay forever? You know, we have a rule of law in this country." The columnist concluded the segment, as she added: "We can't take in the whole world, Kevin." Jeremy Vine airs weekdays at 9.15am on Channel 5.