Demi Moore, 59, has taken to Instagram to show support to her ex-husband Bruce Willis. The actress shared a tribute post made by fellow actress Lucy Liu. Lucy shared the snap with her 1.1 million followers, showing Bruce on the beach. The photo shows Bruce with his wife Emma Heming and daughter Scout Willis, who he shares with Demi. The caption read: “TBT In pure #BruceWillis 'Live it up' mode. Love you and your family in every way.” Demi shared the post on the story feature in full view of her own  2.8 million followers. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show Fans and friends were quick to jump on to the post to share their thoughts and well wishes, as they reacted to Lucy's post. Rumer Willis commented with four love hearts. Scoutlaruewillis said: “This is amazing!!!!” Mommamcmullen wrote: “Pure joy in this picture!” Leacorrea.leme penned: “ Bruce made a generation fall in love with action movies mixed with romance. “A hero without standards. Will be missed.” Americatvshowsfan said: “I loved the Die Hard movies!! “Bruce is a fabulous actor and I will miss his talent.” DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] It comes after the news that Bruce would be retiring from his acting career after a major health decline. A statement recently released by the family said Bruce had been diagnosed with aphasia. A Los Angeles Times report also revealed that concerns over his health have been circulating for years. Representing the family, daughter Rumer Willis shared a post to her Instagram account explaining the troubles Bruce has been facing. According to the post, the Die Hard star had been “experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities. “As a result of this and with much consideration, Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him.” It continued: “This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support. “We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him.”