The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office is key a point of contact for Britons abroad who are the victims of sexual assault. The woman, known as 'Ms B', launched a complaint against the Foreign Office after she reported the incident to them in 2018. An investigation into the case by the public services watchdog found multiple failures in how the FCDO handled the report, after 'Ms B' spoke with officials who "did not believe her or take her seriously".  The Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman found the woman had the option of legal action taken away from her because of incorrect information from the FCDO. The report said 'Ms B' was told by the Vice Consul: “What you now have to do is to carry on with your holiday and enjoy it.” Ombudsman Rob Behrens called the case "a severe dereliction of duty by the FCDO". The woman returned to Turkey three times following the incident, hiring a lawyer in the area, but the perpetrators were never apprehended.  The woman claimed she was "forced to use my own intuition to preserve forensic evidence" after she was given no information about how crimes were handled locally. The report then found she "was led to believe she had given sufficient evidence to the police, did not need a forensic examination and had completed the necessary steps for a criminal investigation.". The report continued: "In fact, none of these things were the case.’ The woman's complaint added that the FCDO had given her "false hope" of an investigation into the incident once she was back on UK soil. This led to a forensic medical examination that yielded no results.  The woman said she "wouldn’t wish my experience of the FCDO’s mishandling on anyone else". She added: “I can only hope that significant lessons will be learnt by the FCDO following the report by the Ombudsman and, as a result, significant changes are made to their processes, hiring and training practices.” Mr Behrens added: "A young woman who has undergone a deeply traumatic experience has been treated with contempt by the very people who were meant to help her. “In the aftermath of the #MeToo era, people have a right to assume that Government departments will display the highest levels of awareness and understanding about the importance of women’s safety.” The ombudsman recommended the FCDO lay out its plans to address its failings at a meeting of two parliamentary committees. They should also compensate Ms B for the travel expenses, legal costs incurred, and her personal distress. A spokesperson for the FCDO said: “We apologise for the distress caused and will immediately implement the ombudsman’s recommendations.   “Since this incident in 2018, the FCDO has taken a number of steps to ensure victims are not failed in the same way. “We are committed to learning from where we have fallen short so we can improve the consular support we provide to British nationals in cases involving rape and sexual assault.”  Foreign Office guidance for reports of rape from British nationals specifies that they "take any report of rape and sexual assault seriously". "Empathetic, patient, sensitive and non-judgmental" support should be available to those who approach the FCDO. They add they can provide "immediate support on the telephone at any time of the day or night". Where possible, they will extend "in-person assistance".