Lionel Messi will not be making a sensational return to Barcelona this summer and will stay at Paris Saint-Germain. That is despite rumours that the forward was not happy at the Parc des Princes while Barca have made no secret of their attempts to have him return. Messi will remain with Paris Saint-Germain this summer and will not leave despite interest in a Barcelona return, report Mundo Deportivo. Furthermore, the Argentine is surprised by the speculation. The seven-time Ballon d'Or has no intention of leaving the Parc des Princes and has at no time considered a potential return. The forward has one more year left on his contract at PSG and intends to honour it. The Ligue 1 club also will not even consider bids for their star man - especially considering that the future of Kylian Mbappe remains incredibly uncertain with his terms expiring at the end of the season. A free transfer to Real Madrid beckons, though no deal has been clinched yet. Nevertheless, Messi looks set to remain in Paris for at least one more year when his future will come under the spotlight. With his contract expiring in 2023, a return to Barcelona could happen then. However, Barca president Joan Laporta has insisted that they will not try and bring Messi back to the Nou Camp and are attempting to move on from their best-ever player. “It’s not something we are considering at the moment,” the president said to Catalan radio station RAC1 last month. “We’re building a new team, with young players. I don’t talk with Leo. I don’t have the close communication we had before he left. There’s no personal contact. I remember him with his affection and I hope he feels the same. “For me, it wasn’t easy and I’d have liked things to be different but with the way things happened, I felt the club had to come first and I think we did what we had to do.” It opens the door to a potential move to the MLS where Messi has stated in the past where he would like to end his career. Turning 35 in the summer, the mercurial magician is in the latter stages of his career. “I would like to play in the United States someday, it’s always been one of my dreams," he said in December 2020. David Beckham's Inter Miami have been linked in the past and could make a move when his deal at PSG expires.