Manchester United have tabled an 'unmissable' offer worth over €100million (£84m) for Napoli striker Victor Osimhen, according to reports. The Nigerian frontman has built himself a reputation as one of the most devastating finishers on the planet in recent years following his emergence onto the scene at Lille in the 2019/20 season.  His rich goalscoring form in France prompted Napoli to break the bank for his services and now the Italian giants could be set for a record pay-day. That's because a number of Premier League clubs are now circling ahead of the summer transfer window when Osimhen could move on. Italian newspaper La Repubblica claim United are now at the front of the queue having indicated they're ready to pay £84m for the 23-year-old. Arsenal and Newcastle are also interested in a summer deal but neither club is yet to match or better United's proposal. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims Osimhen has 16 goals in 28 matches this season having missed a significant chunk of the campaign due to a cheekbone fracture sustained in November's 3-2 defeat at Inter Milan. United are in the hunt for a new centre-forward with Edinson Cavani set to depart upon the expiry of his contract. Cristiano Ronaldo is also facing an uncertain future at Old Trafford but is expected to stay put for a second season. Yet regardless of what happens with Ronaldo, United are making plans to land another No 9 to bolster Erik ten Hag's attacking options. READ MOREJurgen Klopp claims Anthony Gordon 'lucky' not to get sent off in Liverpool win vs EvertonErik ten Hag 'in love' with Darwin Nunez and 'personally requests' Man Utd transfer dealArsenal forced into transfer rethink after target Tino Livramento suffers 'serious injury' Benfica's Darwin Nunez is also understood to be one of the names in the frame. Osimhen is the other name on the agenda and it appears United may be ready to move ahead with a deal. His Italian agent Roberto Calenda is said to have held a secret meeting with Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis on Wednesday. De Laurentiis is notorious for being a stubborn negotiator and in recent years, he has failed to agree to the sale of star defender Kalidou Koulibaly. His stock has since plummeted and Napoli feel there are lessons to be learned as to how they handled interest in the Senegalese centre-back. Although Napoli would love to keep Osimhen, his sale could help the club overhaul their current squad. Napoli's chances of winning the Serie A title may have now gone up in smoke following the 3-2 defeat to Empoli. Luciano Spalletti's side had led 2-0 until the final 10 minutes of the match. The Partenopei are now seven points behind league leaders AC Milan.