Boris Johnson is due to make his statement in the House of Commons at approximately 4:15pm amid rising calls for him to resign as Prime Minister. A Downing Street source told the Telegraph that Mr Johnson will "offer a full-throated apology and recognise the strength of feeling" among MPs. THIS POLL IS NOW CLOSED. The source added: ”He will obviously give an update on the fine because there is a clear need to do that, but it is difficult to pre-empt the findings of an ongoing police investigation publicly.” Mr Johnson is expected to insist he is fit for office despite attending parties at Downing Street which breached his own COVID-19 lockdown rules. He is also expected to convince MPs that there are bigger issues in the world to focus on than Partygate. Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis defended Mr Johnson on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, saying: “He has accepted the police's findings. “They found that the rule had been broken and that's why they fined him. “He has paid that fine and he has apologised." Government whips have called for a mass meeting at 8pm tonight for Conservative Party backbenches to rally support for Mr Johnson. LIVE BLOG: PM to face crunch vote as he calls desperate meeting to survive But Labour has demanded that Mr Johnson resign from his position, also accusing him of misleading Parliament after he claimed all pandemic rules were followed in Downing Street. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer expects Mr Johnson to “apologise and then excuse himself” over the Partygate fine. He told ITV’s Lorraine this morning: "The Prime Minister makes the laws, tells the country to obey the laws, then breaks them and then – in my view – lies to Parliament about it." He added: "For millions of people, complying with the rules really, really hurt. “This is why it has gone so deep – we've all heard of terrible cases of funerals that people couldn't attend." Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle is expected to grant opposition parties’ request for a crunch parliamentary vote on Thursday over whether Mr Johnson misled the House of Commons over Partygate. So what do YOU think? Should Boris Johnson be allowed to get on as prime minister despite the Partygate scandal? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.