Queen Letizia of Spain recycled her 'Flora Coat' by designer Carolina Herrera which she combined with pink suede pumps. The stylish pink dress coat was decorated with pink and light green flowers. Queen Letizia combined the dress with matching shoes by LODI, the Vela’ Pale Pink Suede Pumps, that she has been seen wearing on other occasions. The royal chose a pair of Gold&Roses earrings with diamonds and emeralds called 'Jardin de Aire’. Queen Letizia of Spain kept her hair loose and opted for a natural make-up look. READ MORE: Bank holiday weekend opening hours full list- Tesco, Aldi, Lidl & more  The chic coat dress left fans divided with many saying the monarch looked like "a doll". Instagram user @scarfie1 said: "She looks like a little girl, and I barely recognised her. "Not a good look for this particular occasion. "Ok for private but not this. Needs to be more business like."  Another user, @madi_lemerton, commented: "It kind of looks like Letizia accidentally grabbed her daughter's coat on her way out the door…the proportions and tailoring look off on this coat which is rare here! "Kind of childlike in shape and colour?" Royal watcher @chiaradiipii just said: "A doll" and @milk_butcher agreed to say: "This isn't my favourite look... or reminds me of a doll coat." Another one with the username @kirsty1991dodgs said: "For a Queen who is usually so polished and stylish this is a big no." Instagram user @maggiemroy added: "This has to be the worst outfit she’s ever worn. It looks as if she borrowed one of her daughter’s coats!" Some others said she looked "like a Barbie", as royal watcher @girlclub2510 pointed out. Other royal fans, however, loved Queen Letizia's fashion choice with Instagram user @aimeemeridarose saying: "Lovely! And it seems straight hairdo is a trend." @rletizia08 said: "Since she has all these outfits in light pink, she now is wearing her sort of new pink pumps a lot, looks good." Another fan, @sabrina_hala_ commented she looked "chic and elegant". "Juvenile for a woman that is normally so sophisticated and elegant," said @annemarie.brennan.9. Social media user @heidimariescott added: "This is FAB-U-LOUS!!! It’s MAD MEN!! She is straight out of the 60s and Queen Letizia as always can pull off anything and look incredible. "You go girl."