Terese (played by Rebekah Elmaloglou) has been a character on Neighbours for the past decade, having first appeared on the weekday serial drama back in 2012. Over the past 10 years, she has been at the centre of some huge storylines, most notably the ones where her relationship with Channel 5 soap villain Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis) has hit the rocks. Ahead of the show coming to its end later this year, some characters' stories on Ramsay Street are being wrapped up and one of them could very well be Terese's as Lucy Robinson (Melissa Bell) returns to the picture in upcoming scenes. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Fashion Week gets underway at Lassiters, but everything Terese has planned is left in ruins. This is because her estranged husband, Paul, has been working to make her job as difficult as he can for her as he is still bitter about them breaking up. As well as discovering the star of the show, Montana Marcel (Tammin Sursok) is a conwoman, he has been making sure the fraudster has wracked up so many expenses Terese will be in big trouble when the whole event comes crumbling down around her. With the spectacle getting underway at the hotel, Terese is none the wiser to what's happening, that is until Montana is arrested for her crimes. Eager for his plans to go ahead, Paul points the finger of blame at the manager of the hotel, despite his estranged wife being clueless about what's been going on. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle discovers he's not Faith's son Not realising this is all a trap, Terese agrees with Paul this is all her fault and she is more than willing to take the blame. However, as she begins to piece the jigsaw together, the manager of the hotel realises her estranged husband was behind her downfall. As she tries to put a plan together to oust the villain, it's not long before her boss and Paul's sister Lucy arrives on the scene. Having spent some time away from Ramsay Street, the former resident returns as the Lassiters CEO to pick up the pieces of the fateful Fashion Week event. Needing someone to blame for the disaster and with Terese a sitting duck, the returning character has no choice but to fire her sister in law. Of course, Terese is left devastated as she knows full well the disaster wasn't her fault and she is ready to expose Paul. Unfortunately, her villainous and estranged husband has always been one step ahead of her so there is a chance she won't be able to save her reputation. As her life begins to fall into ruins, she could decide she needs to begin a new chapter of her life away from Erinsborough. Terese knows if she sticks around, she is never going to be able to escape the demons of her past or Paul for that matter. Packing her bags, she would decide to go and live with her niece Roxy Willis (Zima Anderson) in Darwin along with the rest of her family. DON'T MISS...Jason Donovan health: 'It's an illness' - star on his addiction [COMMENT]Natalie Imbruglia health: Masked Singer winner on her chronic disorder [COMMENT]Margot Robbie turned down plan to buy house in London after Brexit [COMMENT] This could coincide with the show ending at the start of August, bringing yet another characters' time on Ramsay Street to an end. Lucy's return could also come into line with the plans writers have to end the programme as it was announced executive producer, Jason Herbison, was going to be bringing some former residents back into the picture. Speaking in an interview with TV Tonight, the soap boss said: "I’m definitely hoping some of these faces return along with others we haven’t been able to lure back until now." Since the beginning of 2022, Lucy hasn't made an appearance on the show so this would be the first time she has been back this year. Over the past couple of years, she has made short, cameo appearances to tie in with some of Paul's ongoing storylines. It was only last month, the actress who plays Lucy, Melissa, confirmed she was going to be back at the centre of the drama. The soap star took to Instagram where she shared of picture of herself on set and captioned the post by writing: "I'm back. Everyone needs good Neighbours." In the past, the actress has called for her character to return full-time, having been a regular character back in the 1990s. Melissa explained: "It's so exciting and I love coming back to Neighbours. They would have done more of it, but we had COVID and it was just impossible. "It's just so tough during this time to coordinate filming. But I love doing Neighbours as I've grown up with the character of Lucy. It's just so good to be playing her again." The last time she was on the show was back in November 2021 when she was reunited with her long-lost brother, Glen Donnelly (Richard Huggett), who has become a regular resident on Ramsay Street. During the 1990s, the brother and sister duo almost had an incestuous affair when they started to develop feelings for one another. It was thought with Glenn returning to the show after 30 years, there would be potential for the relationship between him and Lucy to be reexplored. Melissa continued: "I'd definitely return on a permanent basis – in a heartbeat. I think you'll have to wait and see if everyone says: 'We love Lucy and Glen, we want them back full-time!'" However, will she really get rid of Terese and will she be sticking around until the finale airs in August? Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.