Adam Frost is a familiar face for Gardeners’ World viewers, having presented the flagship BBC gardening show since 2016. The landscape gardener turned TV personality recently revealed a new venture for his family since moving home, but what does their new property look like? This is a look inside the presenter's new “scaled back” garden. The Gardeners’ World presenter is often spotted filming in the comfort of his own garden during the show, offering viewers a small glimpse into his idyllic countryside property. While the iconic Lincolnshire setting is something many fans have come to know and love, Adam Frost, 52, recently revealed his family had swapped their country home for something more low-key. The father of four shared the news on the BBC Two show on Friday evening as he sat among the plants in his new garden. READ MORE:'Rule to remember’ when using paint for a ‘smoother’ finish  He told viewers: “Like so many of us over the last couple of years, I had time to just stop and think. “Probably, in reality for the first time since I was about 16 years old - and realised that my life is slightly chaotic. “So as a daily, we’ve just decided to scale back, so I can spend more time with them - but it does mean I’ve got a smaller garden.” He added while their new family home and garden may be smaller, he “doesn’t think that’s a bad thing”. After making his announcement, Adam went on to share a glimpse of his new space with the Gardeners’ World audience. On the tour of his new house's garden, which he shares with his wife Sulina and their four children, Adam revealed a traditional stone property which looks out onto a luscious green lawn. While his former home was filled with bright colours and lots of variety, the presenter’s new space resembles the beginning of what will be yet another stunning landscape. The raised rectangular lawn space is lined with earthy borders and simple grey paving slabs, with a lower patio area seen below it. DON'T MISS:Slugs: How to use plant method to naturally deter slugs from gardens [INSIGHT]‘Incredibly exotic’ plants which can survive UK weather - plant now [REVEAL]‘Indestructible’ garden plants which will ‘thrive’ on their own [ANALYSIS] The stripped-back garden is a little different from the three-acre plot which surrounded his previous property, though it is still home to some impressive features. A unique layered raised bed can be seen running down the side of Adam's outdoor space parallel to the wooden fencing which borders the sloped landscape. Set over four different heights, the large trims of earthy flower beds are lined with a low brick wall. A few potted plants and some bedding varieties fill gaps in the earthy feature, while a few small trees line the edges.   A gravelled corner can be seen with a cluster of terracotta plant pots filled with newly established blooms beginning to grow in the family’s simplistic garden. Though the lawn area and soil-covered borders are yet to be decorated with vibrant plants, one corner of the presenter’s space already looks ready to go. The cosy corner features plenty of green foliage in the raised bed while a wooden bench sits alongside the foot of the four-tiered planter feature. While the garden is certainly a work in progress, Adam reminded viewers of the importance of navigating a new space slowly. He said: “I think the first thing you need to do when you take on a new garden is put the brakes on the excitement and understand what you’ve got.”  Already Adam has plans for a vegetable garden in his front garden, where the sun will be seen for the majority of the day. The Gardeners' World presenter said he'd be visiting other vegetable gardens for inspiration as he starts his new gardening venture. Adam also wants to add a gravel feature among the raised parts of his back garden and has moved several pots and plants from his previous home. Gardeners' World is available on BBC iPlayer, with new episodes airing on BBC Two every Friday. 