Her Majesty's emotional return to Sandringham estate in Norfolk, a trip dubbed a "mini-break" by royal sources, has been described as a "positive step" after what has been a worrying period in regards to the Monarch's health. There, the Queen will stay at Wood Farm, the home where Prince Philip lived following his retirement in 2017, and welcome members of the Royal Family who will visit her to celebrate over the weekend. A royal source said: "The Queen decided very recently that on her birthday she wanted to be as close as possible to her late husband and in an environment that was very close to both of their hearts. "Sandringham holds so many special memories for the Queen and Prince Philip as well as the rest of the Royal Family. "It's certainly a positive step that Her Majesty is feeling well enough and rested to enjoy her upcoming mini-break which she thoroughly deserves to celebrate her birthday." Royal Family LIVE: Meghan flies home WITHOUT Harry as family 'ready to resolve conflict' The Monarch's health has been a cause of concern within the Firm and for the British public since October last year, when she spent a night in hospital for preliminary medical checks a day after cancelling a visit to Northern Ireland. Since then, the 95-year-old's absence at an increasing number of events at which she was hoped to be seen has been unmissable. The latest was Sunday's Easter Service at St George's Chapel on the grounds of Windsor Castle – shortly her birthday on April 21. She could not attend because of mobility problems and thus missed the fixture in the royals' calendars, which meant her grandchildren Prince William, Zara Tindall and Peter Phillips led the royal party. Days before, Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall had to step in for her on Thursday's Maundy service – one she had not missed since 1970. DON'T MISSKate and Princess Anne join forces as they step up to represent Queen [INSIGHT]Queen should NOT retire, Brits say [POLL]Prince Charles to take centre stage on Platinum Jubilee weekend [REPORT] The last occasion on which the Queen was seen in public was at last month's memorial service to celebrate the life of the Duke of Edinburgh, who died last year aged 99. Several attendees described the Monarch as being in "sparkling form" on the day.