The Chancellor has been coming under intense scrutiny after it emerged his wife, estimated to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, holds the non-domiciled status exempting her from paying tax in Britain on foreign income. In a statement on Friday, Ms Murty said she did not want her non-dom status to be a "distraction" for her husband. She said: "For this reason, I will no longer be claiming the remittance basis for tax. "This means I will now pay UK tax on an arising basis on all my worldwide income, including dividends and capital gains, wherever in the world that income arises. "I do this because I want to, not because the rules require me to. "These new arrangements will begin immediately and will also be applied to the tax year just finished."  Ms Murty, the fashion-designer daughter of a billionaire, who married Mr Sunak in 2009, confirmed her non-dom status earlier this week after the Independent reported the arrangement on the day a national insurance hike hit millions of workers. A spokeswoman said at the time: "Akshata Murty is a citizen of India, the country of her birth and parents' home. "India does not allow its citizens to hold the citizenship of another country simultaneously. "So, according to British law, Ms Murty is treated as non-domiciled for UK tax purposes. READ MORE: Vine clash erupts over calls for Sunak’s wife to pay UK tax  "She has always and will continue to pay UK taxes on all her UK income." The Chancellor had accused political opponents of "smearing" his wife to get at him. Mr Sunak told the Sun: "To smear my wife to get at me is awful. "Every single penny that she earns in the UK she pays UK taxes on, of course she does. DON'T MISSBBC QT: Emily Thornberry tears into Greg Hands over Rishi's wife [VIDEO]Miliband shames Sunak's wife for 'sheltering large part of income' [INSIGHT]BBC reporter has Kwarteng on the spot in Rishi Sunak wife probe [ANALYSIS] "And every penny that she earns internationally, for example in India, she would pay the full taxes on that." The Chancellor said his wife was entitled to use the non-dom arrangement as she is an Indian citizen and plans to move back to her home country to care for her parents. Both Labour and No 10 denied being behind the allegations. Boris Johnson today insisted that Mr Sunak is doing an "absolutely outstanding job" when questioned about his wife's non-dom status. Speaking at a press conference in Downing Street, the Prime Minister said: "I would just stress that the Chancellor Rishi is doing an absolutely outstanding job and as far as possible as I think I said yesterday, I don't think people's families should be should be dragged into this." The non-dom tax status typically applies to someone who was born overseas and spends much of their time in the UK but still considers another country to be their permanent residence or "domicile". It means they do not pay UK tax on foreign income or gains but do pay an annual charge of £30,000 to keep that status. While the set up is legal, critics have said the use of the scheme looks bad at a time when the Chancellor has increased the tax burden on the British public and as the cost of living soars. Ms Murty is reported to hold a 0.91 percent stake in Infosys, an IT business founded by her father, and has received £11.6 million in dividends from the Indian firm in the past year. It comes as Mr Sunak is also under pressure after admitting holding a US green card while Chancellor.