Hulu’s hit dystopian series The Handmaid’s Tale had fans on the edge of their seats when it came to an end in 2021. After ending on a cliffhanger viewers were worried about June Osbourne’s (played by Elisabeth Moss) fate and thankfully after a casting update, it looks as though she could have someone fighting in her corner.  The Handmaid’s Tale followed the life of June as she tried to escape the abusive and totalitarian society of Gilead. In the first season her daughter Hannah Bankole (Jordana Blake) was also ripped from her arms and placed in a different home to be raised under their regime. June’s goal was to find her daughter and escape to Canada where she could reunite and live as a free woman. Thankfully, in season four viewers watched in awe as after many failed attempts to escape, June finally set foot in Canada and back with her husband Luke Bankole (O.T Fagbenle). READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson's secret exposed in Meena twist Sadly she wasn’t the same June viewers got to see during flashback scenes before Gilead had taken over. In the state she had been abused sexually, physically and mentally, she was traumatised and was fuelled with anger to get justice and seek revenge. This eventually came to pass in season four, when her captors Fred Waterford (Joseph Fiennes) and his wife Serena Joy (Yvonne Strahovski) were arrested in Canada. Even though June stood in front of a court and relived her trauma during the trial, she was told Fred would be given anonymity as he agreed to give up information about Gilead. This angered June and she set up a ploy to seek revenge and murder Fred. With the support of other ex-Handmaids he had abused, the women chased him and beat him to death. In the final scenes of season four June was covered in his blood and saying goodbye to her baby. As it was a high profile case, she would undoubtedly be a suspect when law enforcement discover his dead body, so it's likely she would go into hiding. DON'T MISS...Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos? [INSIGHT]The Handmaid's Tale season 5: OT Fagbenle sparks frenzy with update [INSIGHT]The Handmaid's Tale's Aunt Lydia star drops hint on show's future [INSIGHT]  However, with this major update from season five, it looks as though she could have an ally and someone fighting in her corner while she continues to bring down Gilead. According to the Hollywood Reporter, actress Christine Ko has been cast on a recurring basis as Lily. Her descriptions stated she “will enter the story as a leader in the [Canada-based] resistance who’s no stranger to perilous situations — with the scars to prove it. “A former Martha, she’s gritty and resourceful. Once someone earns Lily’s trust, she becomes a fierce ally.” Many fans predicted June would join the resistance where she would be able to hide and continue her work to bring down Gilead. She was also on the mission to locate Hannah and bring her to Canada before she was infiltrated with any of its teachings. However, other viewers anticipated Luke would be the one to enter Gilead and rescue his daughter. Fans were convinced, as a man, he would be able to go undercover, with the help of Nick Blaine (Max Minghella) who was also a commander. The Handmaid’s Tale is available on Hulu and is available on Channel 4 in the UK . 