Charli Howard spoke with Express.co.uk exclusively about her struggle with acne as an adult. She said: "I never struggled with acne as a teenager (bar the odd spot), but once I hit 20, it came at me with a vengeance. "There is still a lot of stigma around acne - people assume you’re dirty, or that you eat badly or don’t wash your face. "The truth is, some people are more prone to it than others, especially women with the various hormone changes." The model knows all too well about taking care of acne-prone adult skin, as her job requires being in front of the camera. It was this, and her body postivie activism, that inspired her to found her hydrating & inclusive skincare brand Squish. READ MORE: DIY natural acne treatments: The 10 household products to use on spots Besides her skincare, Charli makes sure she follows a number of wellness steps to keep her skin its best. She said: "I make sure to drink plenty of water, clean my pillowcases regularly and remove my make up properly." The model went on: "If I ever do breakout, I focus on calming and hydrating my skin." The model created a hydrating facial with luxury boutique salon Radiance London. She was keen to focus on hydration for the treatment, and said: "We’ve included double cleansing and skin protection in the treatment - as well as our signature hydrogel Squish Cheeky Cherry Cheek & Eye Mask, which are great for tackling dry skin." The 30-minute treatment includes double cleansing, toning and skin protection, as well as a face & shoulder massage and scalp massage. DON'T MISSApple cider vinegar benefits: How to use ACV as a face wash [SKINCARE] Polycystic ovary syndrome: Three indications on the face [SYMPTOMS] 'Bicarbonate of soda is your friend': Acne treatment to heal skin [DIY] Charli, 30, rose to fame thanks to her activism within modelling. In 2015 Charli was dropped by her agency for being "too big". She wrote about the experience on Facebook in a viral post. After many readers were touched by her experience, Charli was signed by agency Muse Management. She is a size 10 or 12, and has spoken out about being branded a "plus size" model. In 2019 she was announced the face of luxury fashion brand Agent Provocateur. Everyone gets spots occasionally. It's a fact of life and just means you have normal human skin. However, acne causes spots, oily skin and skin that sometimes feels hot and painful to touch. Most people who are affected by acne get it on the face, but it can appear on the back and chest. Symptoms of acne include: