Married At First Sight UK’s Tayah Victoria, 26, is pregnant with her and Adam Aveling’s first child together. The couple, who met on the Channel 4 series, have revealed they are delighted to be expecting a baby, after wanting to become "young parents". Tayah is currently 14 weeks pregnant. Following their faux wedding on MAFS, Adam popped the question after the programme and the pair made plans to marry this year. However, Adam and Tayah have since decided to postpone their wedding plans until next year due to their baby news. Tayah admitted the pregnancy took them by surprise. She joked: “We’re obviously just very fertile!" The TV star added that she could "just tell" after four weeks that she was pregnant and took a test. She said: "I was about to set up filming it and call him up but I could hear him coming up the stairs so I just handed him the test and said, 'Here!' "It was a Clearblue test so it said 'Pregnant' and Adam went, 'Well, what does this mean?' “And I said, 'What do you think? It says ‘pregnant’!' It was a good reaction." Adam explained to OK! Magazine: "I didn’t want to overreact in case I was reading it wrong, so I wanted to double check!" Speaking about the emotional moment, Tayah revealed that it was "very cute”. Adam added: "We both said we wanted to be young parents so we’re so happy it’s happened." Tayah and Adam were one of the final couples to be matched on the dating series Married At First Sight UK. They were initially paired by the show’s experts due to their shared love of positivity and natural beauty. During the first dinner party, Adam was heard saying how Tayah was planning to move in with him after the experiment. At the commitment ceremony, Tayah said she felt "on cloud nine,” while Adam stated he had found his soulmate. Ahead of the season premiere, Tayah teased on Instagram that viewers were set to witness her “intense journey”. She penned: "I can not wait for everyone to see the journey that we all went through. "This was the most amazing and intense journey I’ve ever been through but the lessons learnt along the way have been lessons I will carry on for the rest of my life. "I really hope everyone enjoys this series as much as we enjoyed filming it."