Jessica took part in the 2016 series of The Apprentice and made it to the all-important final five. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the 35-year-old admitted she was "the most miserable" she has "ever been" following her appearance on the BBC show and her television opportunities that followed. Jessica now runs classes to inspire women to transform limiting beliefs and improve their lives, which she explained was something she truly enjoys after her "bizarre" television days. After The Apprentice, Jessica appeared on Celebrity Big Brother in 2017 and was the seventh housemate to be evicted. Talking about the period following her appearance on The Apprentice and her television stints, Jessica remarked: "You know what? I think that was probably the most miserable that I've ever been." She continued: "When you go into a TV show, you think it's going to be fantastic and you think all of these things are going to happen. "And the reality of it is actually when you come off the TV, it's actually quite depressing but you feel like you have to live up to other people's expectations. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces "And I think the year, and a good 12 months after coming off The Apprentice and everything happening, it really kind of made me question who I was and what I actually wanted. "And that's really when I had my biggest breakthrough because finishing with TV. "From my personality point of view, it's probably the lowest that I've been. "Whereas now I'm away from that, it's kind of the happiest I've ever been. "But you don't expect that to happen when you apply for a TV show." The businesswoman went on: "It [being on TV] is really, really crazy. "It's not as glamorous as you think it is before you go into that world. "And then when you're in that world it's like, you'll go to parties and people won't even talk to you - it's bizarre." DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh struggles with 'rude' The Chase question 'You can do it' [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Harvey Monroe killed by Aaron's enemies [THEORY]Wim Hof wife: How the Iceman's late wife inspired techniques [LATEST] When asked what advice she would give people thinking about applying to be on The Apprentice, Jessica answered: "Oh my God, I would say when you go on there, literally, go sell your business. "Because it is an amazing opportunity to really expand your platform and actually to do what you want. "Whereas a lot of people, when they go on it, they lose sight of their business. "And that's certainly what I did a little bit and I lost myself.  "Whereas now, me being an entrepreneur and a businesswoman, it's very much who I am. "I completely lost myself, so anyone who's applying to go on it, literally focus on your business. "Everything else is an added because there's such amazing potential to really get your business out there and make a lot of money from that." The Apprentice is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.