Jamie Oliver often shares his favourite recipes with fans, including components to a Sunday roast. One of his most popular recipes is how to make “easy” Yorkshire puddings using only four ingredients. Jamie Oliver has many Sunday lunch recipes on his website, including Yorskhire puddings. The chef’s “amazing Yorkies” recipe services 12 people and can be cooked in 30 minutes. Jamie explained that his recipe is “not too tricky” and it will leave cooks with “perfectly golden and crisp” Yorkshire puddings. What’s more, only four ingredients are needed. READ MORE: Restaurants use ‘sneaky tricks’ to increase food bill Ingredients Vegetable oil Two large free-range eggs Plain flour (100g) Milk (100ml) DON'T MISS: Michael Mosley: Daily squats and press-ups are ‘key’ to staying slim [EXPERT]Houseplants: How to get rid of small black flies - grow a Sundew plant [GUIDE]Boots announces change to Advantage Card holders' discounts [NEWS] Method First, preheat the oven to 225°C, 425°F, or gas mark nine. Find a cupcake tin and add a splash of vegetable oil into each of the 12 compartments. Pop the tray into the oven for 10 to 15 minutes so that the oil becomes hot. Meanwhile, beat the eggs, flour, and milk in a jug. Add a pinch of salt and pepper and mix everything together until light and smooth. Carefully remove the tray from the oven, then confidently pour the batter evenly into the compartments. Pop the tray back in the oven to cook for 12 to 15 minutes, or until risen and golden. Now, the Yorkshire puddings are ready to be served. Nothing beats gravy with Yorkshire puddings, and from vegan to “super easy” gravy, Jamie has many recipes to choose from. His “consistently good gravy” recipe serves four people and takes only 25 minutes to make. The ingredients needed are roast chicken, roasted vegetables, one heaped dessertspoon of plain flour, one wine glass of red or white wine, and one litre of organic stock. Cider, port, or sherry can also be used instead of wine. When making the gravy, use the juices from your roast chicken and vegetables that you are likely to already have in a tray. Using a spoon, carefully remove 90 percent of the hot fat from the tray by angling it away from yourself and scooping off the fatty layer that settles on top. Put the tray back on the hob over a high heat before adding the flour, stirring it around and, holding the tray steady with a tea towel in one hand, use a potato masher to mash all the veg to a pulp. When everything is mixed and mashed up, add the alcohol to give a little fragrance before you add the stock. Keep it over the heat and let it boil for a few minutes. Pour the stock into the tray, or add a litre of hot water. Bring everything in the pan to the boil, scraping all the goodness from the bottom of the pan as you go. Reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes, or until you’ve achieved the gravy consistency you’re looking for. Get yourself a large jug, bowl or pan and put a coarse sieve over it. To serve, pour the gravy through the sieve, using a ladle to push everything through – discard any vegetables or meat left behind.