Temperatures are due to soar in the coming days as bitter winds, snow and sleet give way to balmy conditions ahead of the bank holiday weekend. Much of Britain is expected to enjoy highs of 20C and plenty of sunshine over the next few days as warm winds and a huge area of high pressure over the UK brings a long-awaited taste of spring time.  The long weekend will see the best of the weather, with a chance of the mercury surging past 20C on Sunday, with areas in south-central England expected to feel the warmest temperatures. Alyssa Smithmyer, forecaster for Accuweather, said: “On Friday, widespread daytime highs above 15C will be possible across England, Wales, Northern Ireland and parts of Scotland. “Locations that stand the best chance to reach 20-21C will be across south-central England, including London. Intervals of sunshine are possible across the region. “By Saturday, much of the United Kingdom will see daytime highs ranging above 15C, aside from the typically cooler locations across the higher elevations. Some will likely reach 20C at peak daytime heating times, such as central Wales and southwest England.  “On Easter Sunday, much of the UK is forecast once again to see daytime highs ranging from 15-18C, however, locations stand a lower chance of surging to 20C on Sunday.” A tropical breeze spreading across the UK from the south will gradually move in from Tuesday, when some areas in southern England may see peak temperatures of 18C and sunshine. Temperatures will continue to climb in southern and southeastern areas on Thursday, where daytime highs are expected to reach 20C in places such as Oxford and Ipswich. Met Office weather meteorologist Aidan McGivern said: "Warmer weather is on the way for the start of the week, and we could even see 20C in the southeast.  READ MORE: UK weather: Brits set for sizzling Easter weekend "The general trend is for it to turn warmer with higher pressure increasingly likely through the week and into the following week.” Meanwhile, northern regions such as Yorkshire and much of Scotland will remain chillier as colder air pushes in from the north, with some areas experiencing more cloud coverage and rainfall. Western areas could also see more damp conditions as cold air approaches from the coast. According to BBC Meteorologist Louise Lea, the warmer temperatures hitting the south are “coming up from the Sahara”.  DON'T MISS:Sunniest beach in the UK named as heatwave approaching [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Putin plot backfires as TWO new countries to join NATO [LIVE]David Amess trial: 'Lone wolf' attacker Ali Harbi Ali found guilty [BREAKING] She said Wednesday could be the warmest day of the week, though some forecasters have predicted highs above 20C into Easter weekend. The sunny outlook has prompted bookmaker Ladbrokes to slash its odds for a record hot Easter to 5-2 as the weekend approaches. Britain could be hotter than Ibiza if the mercury soars past 21C, leaving many Britons basking in sunshine after a fortnight of freezing temperatures and snowfall across much of the country. Hopes are high that the long-awaited warm weather could be here to stay as the UK firmly enters the spring season. But there are warnings for hay-fever sufferers as tree pollen levels are predicted to rise next week as the weather hots up. 