Countdown star Rachel Riley, who became Carol Vorderman's successor when she joined the show, is renowned for her sharp mathematical skills. Yet now, the 36-year-old has announced she will appear as a special guest on ITV's notoriously racy TV show Celebrity Juice. Some have suggested that the show is not quite on brand for Rachel, but although she knows her choice might be divisive, she is relishing the idea of diversifying and trying out new TV experiences. Using an open-mouthed emoji modelled on the Edvard Munch painting The Scream, she retweeted an ad for the show, while exclaiming: "Ruh-roh!" "End of career time… well I had a good run," she joked in view of her 696,300 Twitter followers. The admission on her appearance sparked a deluge of responses from fans. READ NOW: Rachel Riley on struggle as she's bombarded with 'disgusting' messages @DaveBaker was adamant that Rachel shouldn't worry, quipping: "End of your career? No way! That's when u have to go on I'm a celebrity...! Hopefully you're years away from that!" @Johnny_J181 didn't see the same career catastrophe that she had imagined, quipping: "Well you could potentially be a future juice team captain then!" Meanwhile @PhilCox53180247 assured her: "I'm sure you added much needed touch of class to the proceedings!" However not everyone had a sense of humour about Rachel's decision. @GlennGregory admitted candidly: "Love you, Rachel, but hate this show. I don’t find it funny in the slightest." @AmbleWellWood echoed: "Got to be the least funny show on earth." Rachel will join Raye, Johnny Vegas and Aitch as guests on the next episode of the show, which airs tomorrow. Keith Lemon will be in his usual hosting slot, while Emily Atack and fellow TV star Laura Whitmore will be the team captains. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [OPINION] Zoe Ball apologises for 'damage' to A3 after 'shock' over car accident [INSIGHT] Charlene White welcomes Dan Walker to ‘ITN family’ after BBC exit news [LATEST]  Previous captains on the show include Fearne Cotton and Holly Willoughby, who quit the show in 2020. The advert for the show, which airs this Friday at 10pm on ITV2, urged viewers to tune in for "some juicy fun". Rachel might not have previous experience on Celebrity Juice, but she certainly has an interest in the comedy genre, having previously appeared with the late Sean Lock and Jimmy Carr on witty spin-off show 8 Out Of 10 Cats Does Countdown. Plus, after the stress and irritation she has recently suffered, warding off abusive messages on Instagram, it could be about time she enjoyed some light-hearted fun. The TV favourite announced she had become an ambassador for the Centre for Countering Digital Hate in a bid to help protect women from the more unsavoury messages received on social media. Branding it "invasive" and "disgusting", she revealed in the Daily Mail that for women in the public eye, "receiving a constant stream of rude, inappropriate and even abusive messages to your DMs [direct messages] is unfortunately inevitable". She expressed concern for private citizens, including vulnerable teenage girls, too.