Britain's Got Talent returned to ITV on Saturday, April 16, after a year's break due to the coronavirus pandemic. The broadcaster didn't hold back as the first episode went off with a bang and saw incredible talent take to the stage for a chance to make it through to the final. However, some viewers have slammed the show and branded it a "fix" after professional singer Loren Allred received judge Amanda Holden's golden buzzer, despite being a hit in America. The return of the series has come under fire after it was revealed to viewers that Loren was actually hired to sing in the global hit movie The Greatest Showman. Loren sang the anthem Never Enough, which is seen in the movie to be sung by the character Jenny Lind, however, she revealed it was really her voice audiences had been hearing. As she took to the stage, she introduced herself and revealed: "Most of my favourite singers are from the UK, so I thought I'd come pay a visit to you guys. "I think some of you guys have actually heard my voice, but you don't know my face. I sang the song Never Enough on The Greatest Showman." READ MORE: Piers Morgan slates Alex Beresford after infamous GMB feud Judges Amanda, Simon Cowell, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams were all left in shock, with Simon exclaiming: "Oh my god!" She continued: "So I was hired to do the reference vocals for the actresses, so they could learn the songs, and so they had me come in and sing Never Enough, "It really was Rebecca Ferguson, who plays Jenny Lind, who said, 'I think that Loren should sing the song, and I'll lip-sync'." Impressed by the revelation, Simon confirmed: "So, you sang one of the biggest songs of all time, you've now revealed it wasn't the actress who sang the song, it was you singing the song." Loren went on to explain that the reason why she hadn't had her big break was that she was more comfortable singing behind the scenes but felt the song was meant for her. During her audition, she sang the iconic song and blew away the audience with her incredible voice, prompting Amanda to press her golden buzzer for her. Amanda walked onto the stage to give Loren a hug and congratulated her for her audience: "It was so emotional, brilliant. "I am absolutely shaking, I can't believe I've had this incredible opportunity to give you your moment to shine because this is it." DON'T MISS...'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands [INSIGHT]Simon Cowell speaks out on walking away from BGT ‘I would do that’ [LATEST]Simon Cowell's appearance leaves BGT viewers in awe 'Looks healthy' [WATCH] However, despite the judges, audiences and most viewers being impressed and happy for Loren receiving the buzzer, many were unhappy and called the show "unfair" and a "farce". @Mega0968 commented: "Having a professional singer compete on an amateur talent show is the equivalent of putting Mike Tyson against a beginner boxer, absolute fix #BGT." @Kupsy wrote: "She should automatically be disqualified, as she's ALREADY A PROFESSIONAL. I call bull****, but ofc she got the golden buzzer. #bgt. @thecomicblog added: "So Britain's Got Talent has turned into let’s get professional singers from the states in and put them straight in the final because that’s a much less risky investment! So staged, it’s unbelievable! #BGT!" @karlr33d said: "Aye aye aye #bgt Professional artists now taking a spot from hard-working people. "2020’s winner Jon is what the show should be about! Not people with 400 million streams already. #farce #BritainsGotTalent." @SmalesRachel fumed: "Ridiculous. A professional singer already? How unfair on the other contestants #BGT." While @Poppyblew exclaimed: "That's #BGT finished for me. A professional singer from US gets golden buzzer. All the panel knew of her. Unfair on other contestants. It's a farce." Express.co.uk contacted BGT for a comment where they said: "We are thrilled to back this year and look forward to viewers watching our BGT bumper special on Saturday and Sunday this weekend. "Whilst most people will have heard the infamous Greatest Showman track, Loren is not a household name, and she deserves her spot on the BGT stage. "We hope that such articles will not count against somebody who is well-deserving of this opportunity. It’s fantastic that Loren is now able to step out and stand in her own right to be the face, and not just the voice, of one of the most well-known tracks of all time." Loren said: “Even though I have spent a lot of years in the music industry, people don’t know who I am. Overall these years I’ve been fighting for my chance to be known and to make it. "The opportunity to sing “Never Enough” evolved from being a session singer in the choir, and even though the song was a big success, people still think that the actress sang it. "I have never gotten the opportunity to tell my story. That’s never happened for me. I am an unsigned, independent artist still trying to make a name for myself.”  Britain's Got Talent airs Saturday from 8pm on ITV.