 Laura Kuenssberg is taking on a presenting role at the BBC after stepping down from her position as the broadcaster’s political editor. It’s been announced she’s been appointed as the new host of BBC One’s Sunday morning politics show that was previously fronted by Andrew Marr. But, when will she start presenting the programme? Express.co.uk has everything you need to know.    In December last year Laura announced she’d made the decision to step down as the BBC’s political editor. Taking to Twitter at the time, Laura share the career news with her followers. The journalist wrote: “After nearly 7 years, in April I'm moving on from best daily reporting job + the most wonderful team in the business. It's been an honour and an amazing ride - more to come in 2022! With love + thanks to all at @BBCPolitics.” She made history in 2015 when she took over the role from Nick Robinson, by becoming the first woman to hold the position. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith   However, she’s now set to take on a brand new challenge as she turns her hand at presenting. Earlier this week it was announced Laura would soon become the Sunday politics show. The BBC confirmed the journalist will join the “new-look" Sunday morning show in September this year.   Laura shared her excitement for the new job role in a statement, saying: “I couldn't be more delighted. "For decades Sunday morning has been the moment to explore the events that shape us and to challenge and listen to our politicians. "It's an honour to take the chair for that conversation in the 2020s,” she concluded. Laura also shared the news with her followers on social media. DON'T MISS...Oscar Isaac wife: Who is Moon Knight star married to? [INSIGHT]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker should be replaced by Tim Peake [MUST SEE]Lorraine baffled by Queen's decision to put Andrew front and centre [WATCH]  After the news was announced, several other well known journalists took to Twitter to congratulate her. BBC Breakfast presenter Nina Warhurst commented: “Congratulations, Laura. Look forward to the Sunday throws from Salford.” Fellow BBC journalist Marianna Spring said: “Brilliant news - congrats Laura!” Daily Mirror's political editor, Pippa Crerar wrote: “Ah brilliant! Congratulations, Laura. You’ll be fab. X”   Laura takes over the role from Andrew Marr who hosted the show from 2005 until 2021. Andrew left the show towards the end of 2021 and Sophie Raworth has been filling in at the temporary host ever since. Andrew has since moved on to become chief political commentator at The New Statesman, and has taken on presenting roles at LBC and Classic FM. Sunday Morning airs at 9am on the BBC 