The Labour leader took aim at the Prime Minister who was issued with a fixed-penalty notice (FPN) by police investigating claims of coronavirus lockdown breaches in No 10. Boris Johnson offered a "wholehearted apology" to the House of Commons after being fined over the partygate scandal. Sir Keir's response to Mr Johnson sparked an eruption among Conservative MPs. He said: "He knows he's dishonest and incapable of changing so he drags everybody else down with him." Sir Lindsay interjected: "I think the leader of the Opposition said 'dishonest'. "I don't think that's an appropriate word to be using. "I think if he just withdraws that, I'm sure with the knowledge he has gained over the many years, he can use appropriate words that is inkeeping with the language of this house." READ MORE: Tory MP launches furious tirade at officials BLOCKING progress  Sir Keir continued: "I respect that ruling from the chair. The Prime Minister knows what he is." Mr Johnson had insisted he did not know he was breaking his own coronavirus rules. The Prime Minister repeated his apology in the Commons on Tuesday, after Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle approved a vote on whether Mr Johnson lied to MPs with his earlier denials. Mr Johnson is expected to be on a Government visit to India when the vote takes place on Thursday. After the House returned from its Easter recess, Mr Johnson said he was speaking in "all humility" by acknowledging the fine police issued, over the gathering in No 10 for his birthday in June 2020. "I paid the fine immediately and I offered the British people a full apology, and I take this opportunity on the first available sitting day to repeat my wholehearted apology to the House," he said, as he faced shouts of "resign". "Let me also say, not by way of mitigation or excuse, but purely because it explains my previous words in this House, that it did not occur to me then or subsequently, that a gathering in the Cabinet Room just before a vital meeting on Covid strategy could amount to a breach of the rules. "I repeat that was my mistake and I apologise for it unreservedly. DON'T MISS Boris demands civil servants return to work - PM backs Rees-Mogg [INSIGHT]Furious anti-vax mob BLOCKS entrance to Parliament [VIDEO]Boris Johnson: Radio calls insists PM is 'a guardian of democracy' [ANALYSIS] "I respect the outcome of the police investigation, which is still underway, and I can only say that I will respect their decision-making and always take the appropriate steps." Mr Johnson said he has taken "significant steps" to change No 10. Labour is understood to be wording the motion to make Thursday's vote about whether to refer Mr Johnson to the Committee of Privileges, which examines issues relating to contempt of Parliament. The committee, PA news agency understands, has the power to summon reports and documents. It means that MPs could request to see the full version of senior civil servant Sue Gray's inquiry into the Downing Street lockdown gatherings and any potential photographic evidence that exists.