Conservative party politicians have taken a big hit in recent months amid the partygate scandal and the recent revelations around Rishi Sunak’s wife’s tax affairs. Opposition politicians have overtaken the ruling party’s top team to become the most popular political figures in the UK - but who comes out on top? Currently on top as the country’s number one politician is the leader of the opposition, Sir Keir Starmer. According to a rolling survey by YouGov, Sir Keir has a popularity rating of 33 percent. In second place is Ed Balls, who is no longer a politician, with 32 percent popularity. READ MORE: Is Keir suggesting Mrs Sunak trail behind husband? SIR CHARLES WALKER Former Prime Minister Theresa May rounds off the top three, having a popularity rating of 31 percent. Chancellor Rishi Sunak, who has recently been the subject of intense scrutiny due to his wife’s non-domicile tax status, has a popularity rating of 31 percent. The Chancellor’s net favourability dropped to a new low following his Spring Statement, made just weeks before energy bills across the country skyrocketed. As of April 5, just more than half of Britons surveyed - 51 percent - now hold a negative view of the chancellor, versus 36 percent who see him in a positive light. This gives him a net score of -15, his lowest to date, down 10 points from just before the Spring Statement when his net favourability stood at -5, according to a survey of 2120 Britons. Lord Blunkett is the UK’s fifth most popular politician, bagging the same score as the Chancellor. At number 6, the current Health Secretary Sajid Javid has a popularity rating of 30 percent, shortly followed by former Prime Minister Gordon Brown with 29 percent. The current Prime Minister Boris Johnson is eighth on the list of most popular politicians, netting just 28 percent favourability with the British people. DON'T MISSIs that not sexist?' Blackford squirms over question on Sunak [INSIGHT]Unwise to drop the pilot in the midst of a crisis - EXPRESS COMMENT [OPINION]'Clock ticking!' Sunak under pressure to become different Chancellor [REPORT] Millennials are the group that like the Prime Minister the least at 23 percent - with baby boomers seeing him more positively overall at 29 percent. Another former Prime Minister makes the top ten, with Sir John Major being the ninth most popular political figure in the UK, with the same rating as the current PM. Scottish leader Nicola Sturgeon rounds off the top ten most liked politicians in the UK, being liked by 27 percent of Brits.