Kuzey, a 10-year-old Akita, came into the care of the RSPCA’s Blackberry Farm Animal Centre in Buckinghamshire last October. But more than six months later he is still being overlooked despite being described as a “sweet old gent”. Kuzey suffers from arthritis and requires medication, which the charity worries is putting off potential adopters. Maisie Walker, from the RSPCA branch, said: “Kuzey is such a sweet old gent but, at 10, his age is starting to catch up with him and he’s on long-term pain medication for arthritis which will need to continue in his new home. “We fear that adopters are being put off by this extra responsibility as it will come at an extra cost at a time when families are really feeling the pinch. “We are desperate to find Kuzey his forever home as he's been in our care for so long and, at his age, he really needs a cosy, warm retirement home where he’ll be showered with love. “We do the best we can but nothing can replace a wonderful home of his own.” Kuzey was very thin and had sores on his legs when he was rescued but is now much better. Despite his age and stiff joints, he is very playful and loves toys. He enjoys going for a gentle walk where he can have a sniff around. READ MORE: Patient dog still waiting for forever home after almost 500 days Kuzey could live with children over the age of 12. He can be unsure when other dogs enter his personal space so he would prefer to be the only pet in the house. Ms Walker added: “Unfortunately Kuzey is one in a long line of dogs coming into our care with separation anxiety having got used to having people around during lockdown. DON'T MISSDog surprises RSPCA rescuers by giving birth to litter of 13 puppiesDog desperate for owner who understands 'quirks' after year in kennelsHeartbreak as rescue dog still waiting for home after 750 days “He’d really like new owners who can dedicate lots of time to helping him settle in before gradually introducing him to spending time alone. “He is such a loving, affectionate lad with so much love to give. “Please can someone give him a chance?” Find out more about Kuzey here.