MOTORISTS are at risk from online criminals selling guides to everything from how to steal a keyless car to hacking into an Uber account according to new findings. The worrying statistics show a network of people willing to swap criminal knowledge for tiny amounts of money. The research by Select Car Leasing found that car criminals are using The Dark Web to teach followers how to steal cars and conduct vehicle scams. On numerous marketplaces, investigators discovered guides to stealing keyless cars for as little as £1.53. Keyless cars now make up 50 percent of all vehicle theft in the UK with criminals constantly finding new ways to beat advancing security. Using relay technology, thieves can intercept the signal from a key fob and replicate it to trick the car into unlocking and starting up. READ MORE: Driver who queued for 17 minutes to pay for parking gets fined £270 The Dark Websites also offer tutorials showing how to scam drivers out of their money using sites such as Craigslist and Gumtree. Another shocking find in the research was a listing by someone claiming they could hack their way into Uber’s database and list someone as a fake driver - for only 77p. Concerns for illegal drivers being able to access the app have surfaced in the past, most notably in London in 2019 where 14,000 trips were made by unauthorised drivers, including convicted felons. The illegal listings also cover in-car number plate scanning software for the same minuscule amount of 77p. DON'T MISSGB News guest claims electric car 'broke after a few months' [WARNING]'Is this fair?' Motorists call on classic cars and EVs to pay car tax [COMMENT]Driver handed £100 parking fine at Bristol Airport for two minute stop [SHOCKING] Once downloaded, the software can be used inside another car, simply scanning the number plates of other cars to access the owner’s registered address. That software gives car thieves a pick of any car as they can visit the address, apply their learnings from the keyless car theft guide and drive off with the vehicle. Almost 90,000 cars were stolen in 2020, with many of these believed to have been via keyless entry. And last year, a single gang in Leicestershire was convicted of stealing £2.4m worth of vehicles. One seller also promised a tutorial for creating fake vehicle listings on used car sites, presumably to lure buyers into paying deposits on cars that don’t exist, before vanishing with the money. Only £38.21 is required – less than the cost of listing the average UK car on Auto Trader. For the same price, a car-selling con artist could purchase a vehicle history. That would allow the seller to amend their car’s odometer and maintenance history, perhaps covering up high mileage readings, sub-par repairs and even write-offs. Fake licences were found to be by far the most expensive car-related product on the dark web and only GPS trackers at £420.30 required more cryptocurrency to buy. On average, the cost of a fake licence is £241.64, which is expensive compared to a valid full UK driving licence at £34, but the fees touted by dark web sellers vary wildly. While some European counterfeits stretched well into the thousands, many were available for as little as one dollar – again 77p in UK money. Perhaps due to the standardised templates and cross-border compatibility of EU licences, their forged examples were the most expensive, reaching as high as £1,700 in some cases.