Sky is back with another blockbuster deal, and this latest offer is perfect for anyone who loves bingeing on Netflix. For a limited time, the satellite telly firm is offering bundles that include access to a full Netflix subscription without paying a penny for the privilege. That means Sky users can watch boxsets such as Formula 1: Drive to Survive, Bridgerton, and Stranger Things, as well as movies like Spider-Man: Homecoming, The Tinder Swindler, and Don't Look Up, and not pay anything extra at the end of each month. Alongside the free streaming, the latest bonus of these deals from Sky is they arrive with access to more than 100 paid-for television channels, including Sky Max and Sky Atlantic, as well as broadband. The entry-level bundle features Sky's Superfast broadband with 36Mbps downloads with those signing up paying just £39 for this mega bundle which is pretty good value when compared to Sky's other products. For comparison, a standard Sky contract with Netflix currently costs £26 per month but that doesn't include any broadband access. Add Sky's basic internet access (£25 per month) and you'll be left with a monthly bill of £51 – that's £12 more than signing up for this new deal. READ MORE: Best Sky TV Deals: Get Discounts On Sky Glass And Sky Q Packages If 36Mbps broadband sounds too slow, there are two more deals which include the same free Netflix plus those Sky channels but also faster internet. For £46 per month, you'll get Sky's Ultrafast option with 145Mbps speeds or you can upgrade to the new Gigafast service with 900Mbps for £66 per month. Sky says these offers won't be around for long so you might need to be quick if you think this bundle is perfect for your needs. Once you've signed on the dotted line, the cheaper price will last for 18 months. Here's full details about this deal and what's included. OPTION 1 • £39 per month • SEE THE DEAL HEREINCLUDES: A Sky Q box with Endless entertainment that includes over 100 channels not on Freeview plus over 500 Box Sets. There's also that free Netflix access and 36Mbps broadband.EXTRA FEES & CONTRACT: £49 upfront fee and 18-month contract. OPTION 2 • £46 per month • SEE THE DEAL HEREINCLUDES: A Sky Q box with Endless entertainment that includes over 100 channels not on Freeview plus over 500 Box Sets. There's also that free Netflix access and 145Mbps broadband.EXTRA FEES & CONTRACT: £49 upfront fee and 18-month contract. OPTION 3 • £66 per month • SEE THE DEAL HEREINCLUDES: A Sky Q box with Endless entertainment that includes over 100 channels not on Freeview plus over 500 Box Sets. There's also that free Netflix access and 900Mbps broadband.EXTRA FEES & CONTRACT: £49 upfront fee and 18-month contract. News of this deal comes as Sky has just announced another big change for TV customers. The company recently revealed that it's going offer its clever Stream pucks to anyone who fancies owning one with these mini set-top boxes bringing hundreds of channels to tellies via a broadband connection. At launch, fans will be able to order a standalone puck, then plug it into their existing TV and get the full Sky experience without any annoying installation. The set-top box also features full voice controls so you can bark orders at the screen plus there are dedicated playlists to help find favourite content more quickly. These devices even come with full access to services such as Disney+, Apple TV+ and Netflix. There's no word on an exact release date or price but if you want Sky without a dish watch this space!