Mercedes, Red Bull and Ferrari are piling pressure on the FIA to increase the teams' budgets for 2023. A new era of F1 has seen a host of new technical regulations come into the sport, and there have also been financial restrictions imposed as well. In 2021, F1 introduced a cost cap of £111.5 million for teams and that was then reduced to £107.6m for this season, despite the number of Grands Prix increasing by one in this campaign. The cost cap is set to be reduced further in 2023 to £103.7 million. However, according to a report in Auto Motor Und Sport, seven out of the 10 teams involved are arguing that cap should be increased, not reduced, for the next campaign. Leading the way are unofficial 'big three' of the Red Bull, Ferrari and Mercedes. The teams seemingly opposed to a rise in the cost cap are Alpine, Haas, and Alfa Romeo. The opposition of Haas could be considered a surprise, given the team were hit by extortionate repair bills following Mick Schumacher's 170mph qualifying crash in Saudi Arabia. JUST IN: Russian karter, 15, stripped of licence and faces more punishments for 'Nazi gesture However, Mercedes Team Principal Toto Wolff has publicly revealed that the FIA have allocated an allowance for damage repairs after a “big” crash, to guard against teams having to spend their budget on repairs. Haas team principal Guenther Steiner had estimated Schumacher's incident would cost the American outfit around £760,000. The seven teams are said to want more than £5million extra next year, which along with the surcharge that will come if the inflation rate is above 3%, will set the budget cap at around £114.4 million. However, the report states that despite recent talks, no new agreement was reached. DON'T MISS:Australian Grand Prix security called out after Alex Albon's last lap pitstop incidentCharles Leclerc given reality check despite being told Verstappen hasn't got better skillsFernando Alonso's Australian Grand Prix qualifying crash blamed on £1.50 oil part Alpine team boss Otmar Szafnauer has taken a swipe at McLaren and his former team Aston Martin, who he says have both altered their stance on the issue. Szafnauer argued this is due to their slow starts to the new season. “They have problems with their cars and have to rebuild massively, they need more money to do that,” he said. The cap was introduced with the aim of making racing less expensive, preventing teams with bigger budgets from making upgrades that other teams cannot afford.