With the invasion of Ukraine now rapidly approaching two months, stage two of the so-called “special operation” has seen attention turn to eastern Ukraine. Putin’s plans appear to focus on creating a land bridge between Russia and the already annexed Crimea peninsula, whilst at the same time “liberating” the Donbas region from Ukrainian “Nazis”.  Yet, one senior Russian figure believes victory for Moscow in Donbas is not a given. Igor Strelkov or “shooter”, real name Igor Girkin, a former soldier and FSB officer who played a vital role in capturing the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, and is now Defence Minister of the breakaway republic is very sceptical. “We must ask ourselves does the superiority of the Russian Federation’s armed forces in aviation and heavy weapons guarantee victory over an enemy, for whom our offensive plans are obvious, which is prepared for defence and has high morale?” “My answer is no — there is no guarantee.”  The bold statement comes as many in Russia face fear of persecution under new laws imposed by Moscow should they speak out against the war, or provide false information regarding the conflict. Speaking of Putin’s “part one” of the war, in which Russian troops entered the north and central parts of Ukraine, including on the verges of capital city Kyiv, Mr Strelkov described the regrouping of Russia troops as a “large-scale retreat”. He also believed Russia face a similar scenario in Donbas.  READ MORE:Putin's 'second front' as wildfires ravage Russia The maverick spy said Moscow lacks the numbers, firepower and air support to sustain a swift advance. And its troops are likely to outrun their supply lines and end up being ambushed by the Ukrainian defenders. He said: “Without at least a partial mobilization in the Russian Federation, it will be impossible and highly dangerous to launch a deep strategic offensive against the so-called ‘Ukraine.’ “We must prepare for a long and difficult war.” Western intelligence officers are taking note of the comments being left by Mr Strelkov, who is wanted on suspicion of involvement in the shooting down of the ill-fated Malaysian Airlines flight 17 over Ukraine in 2014.  DON'T MISS:Rees-Mogg hails major Brexit win over mortgages [REPORT]Macron and Le Pen 'both lack compelling, positive vision' [REVEAL]Tories pay for ads attacking MP who was defeated in 2019 [INSIGHT] According to Douglas Busvine, writing in Politico, “Strelkov is viewed as a conduit for Russian propaganda: his overt patriotism giving him the cover to break bad news the Kremlin can later acknowledge.” Already cracks have started to appear in the assault on eastern Ukraine, in particular in the besieged city of Mariupol. Following an embarrassing delay in attacking a key steelworks factory in the city, Putin said: “This is the case when we must think — that is, we must always think, but in this case even more so — about preserving the life and health of our soldiers and officers.” Russia is believed to have lost around 15,000 soldiers since the start of the invasion, with many more captured by Ukrainian forces.  Speaking of the ongoing losses, and risk to Russian pride, Mr Strelkov added: “That the operation wasn’t going to plan became obvious on about the fifth day. “On the sixth day, I received a lot of information, and I understood my instincts were absolutely right. “The operation is clearly not going to plan, because the plan was full of contradictions.” If Russia is unable to win, it will “simply drown in the Ukrainian mud,” added Mr Strelkov. Ukraine has vowed to defend itself until the last man, with President Volodymyr Zelensky continually begging western allies to provide more military equipment in order for the country to defend itself. So far, western powers, in particular NATO, have refused to become directly involved in the conflict and have backed down on the notion of creating a no-fly zone over Ukraine. 