Sunday’s first-round result in the French presidential election was as depressing and worrying as the worst fears in advance, with Ms Le Pen coming second with 23.2 per cent of the vote to President Macron’s 27.8 per cent. The two candidates will run off against each other on Sunday week, just as they did in the last election, five years ago. Back then, Ms Le Pen was soundly beaten. This time around, however, some polls suggest it is too close to call. In other words, there is now every chance that France is about to elect a fascist as president. This is not abuse, by the way. It is a fair description of Ms Le Pen, scion of one of Europe’s leading fascist and Nazi supporting families, daughter of Jean-Marie Le Pen, founder of the National Front. When she lost five years ago, Ms Le Pen was leader of that party. We had our own National Front, of course, which in the 1970s and 80s made some, albeit very limited, headway in bringing racist, fascist politics to the fore in Britain. The two parties did not just share a name; they shared an ideology. Last time they elected a president, in 2017, many French voters who had no liking for Emmanuel Macron nonetheless refused to contemplate supporting a fascist, so they held their noses and voted for him. Determined to win this time, in a cunning ruse Ms Le Pen changed the name of her party to National Rally. It worked. She is now, it seems, within touching distance of the Élysée Palace, residence of France’s president. I am being glib, because she did not merely change the party name. She also stopped talking in the harsh, brutal way many of her supporters lapped up about immigrants, minorities and usual butt of fascist leaders. She realised she had to reach beyond her natural constituency if she was to avoid the same fate as in 2017, and so she has spent the past five years rebuilding her image and constructing a policy platform designed to appeal to the overwhelming sense of anger and frustration that French voters feel. The overall results on Sunday show how strong this is. If we add to Le Pen’s vote the support for her fellow far-Right candidate Eric Zemmour (7.1 per cent) and the far-Left Jean-Luc Melenchon (22 per cent) we see that a majority – 52.3 per cent – supported an extremist candidate. That is chilling. But extremists are on the rise across much of Europe. Nothing better illustrates the worry than something they all have in common: support for Vladimir Putin. Many of us have our differences with how President Macron has handled the invasion of Ukraine, believing him to be far too eager to seek some kind of ceasefire deal with Russia, when it is our duty to support the Ukrainians. But he has certainly been part of the Western coalition on sanctions and aid. Imagine if France was led by an avowed ally of Putin. It would be devastating for the West at the very time when we need to be strong and united in the face of war in Europe. It is easy for us to look on with bemusement, or even disdain, at what is happening in France. Astonishingly, the two candidates representing the traditional parties – in effect the French version of the Conservatives and Labour – together managed just 6.5 per cent of the vote. It’s almost impossible to imagine anything close to that happening here. One reason for that, for which we should always be grateful, is that we don’t have proportional representation and, even more so, that we don’t have presidential government. It is often said that our politics are frustrated by having two parties so dominant, with new ones squashed by “first past the post” elections. But in a system where individuals, let alone new parties, can take on and beat the existing parties, it is all too easy for extremists to take on that role – as we can see. The entire political debate then shifts onto that ground. Here, the opposite dynamic is at work. When Labour fell into the hands of the far Left under Jeremy Corbyn, it was destroyed at the polls, and the forces of survival are now pushing it back to the mainstream. We have no reason to be complacent. Many of the elements for voter anger are present here – not least the cost-of-living crisis. But for centuries we have avoided revolution and extremism as other nations spiralled out of control. This deep seated moderation is almost in our DNA. So yes, we must always be vigilant against extremists. But we can also take heart from history.