Vladimir Putin has been repeatedly accused of authorising war crimes in Ukraine. The emergence this weekend of horrific civilian deaths in Bucha and other areas around Kyiv has bolstered the international support for President Putin to face trial - but could this ever actually happen, and how would it work? For most war crime charges, investigators must prove intent, and a defendant's guilt must be proven beyond a reasonable doubt. The recent images and videos of the horrors Ukrainian civilians have been subjected to will significantly boost the chances of successful prosecution. Graphic images of the dead left on street corners or in front gardens emerged on Sunday, showing mass graves, and in some cases children, appeared to have had their arms bound and been executed. READ MORE: Putin’s NATO argument for war in Ukraine is veil for true intentions There is also evidence of beheadings and torture prior to death. The findings have sparked fears that atrocities could be happening in other parts of Ukraine where Russian troops are still stationed, having withdrawn from Bucha and Irpin over the weekend. No single, globally accepted treaty lists all war crimes - but there are wide agreements in general over what a war crime is. However, targeting civilians in almost all treaties is considered a war crime - including torture or inhumane treatment. Jake Sullivan, the US national security adviser, told reporters on Monday that there were four main sources of evidence for war crimes in Ukraine. These include: information gathered by the US and its allies including from intelligence sources; Ukraine’s own documentation and forensics from the killings; material from international organisations including the UN and NGOs; and findings by global independent media. Other countries, including the UK, are also gathering their own evidence. DON'T MISSRussian troops 'raped 3-year-old Ukrainian girl' [REPORT]Putin's war crimes 'warrant more severe response': 'No need for trial' [INSIGHT]Satellite images show Ukraine civilians butchered 'WEEKS ago' [REPORT] The International Criminal Court in The Hague opened 20 years ago to prosecute the perpetrators of genocide and crimes against humanity. The ICC’s chief prosecutor, Karim Khan, said in February he had opened a war crimes investigation in response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. But the US, China, Russia and Ukraine are not members of the court.The ICC will issue arrest warrants if prosecutors can show "reasonable grounds" to believe war crimes were committed. However, with Russia not being a member, its co-operation is extremely unlikely. A trial at the ICC cannot go ahead in absentia - meaning that if Putin is never captured or comes forward, he could evade justice forever. Boris Johnson said: "Russia's despicable attacks against innocent civilians in Irpin and Bucha are yet more evidence that Putin and his army are committing war crimes in Ukraine. We will not rest until justice is served." Representatives for Joe Biden have confirmed the USA backs “pursuing accountability” following the emergence of details from Bucha. Secretary of State Anthony J. Blinken said: “I can announce that, based on information currently available, the US Government assesses that members of Russia’s forces have committed war crimes in Ukraine.” President Zelensky said he had created a "special mechanism" to investigate, vowing to find and punish "everyone" responsible.