In an exclusive interview with GB News’ host Dan Wootton, the former Health Secretary admitted that UK pandemic preparations were based on a “pandemic flu” rather than the coronavirus pandemic. Mr Wootton, who is conducting his own lockdown inquiry, started by asking the West Suffolk MP if the Government had made decisions that weighed up the “benefits” and “harms” of the lockdown measures introduced in March 2020.  He said: “So, any Government must make decisions that weigh up the benefits of the measures they introduce against the harms they cause, you would agree with that?” Mr Hancock said he agreed “100 percent” as Mr Wootton continued by arguing that the previous pandemic strategy would allow the public to continue with their “normal” lives. He said: “Previously the UK had an influenza pandemic preparedness strategy dated in 2011. It was intended to be used for coronaviruses as well. “And that intended that the public would be able to continue their normal lives without border closures, without the end of mass gatherings, without work from home orders, without school closures.”  In response, Mr Hancock admitted that those plans were prepared for a “different disease” flu rather than a coronavirus as well as discussing the difficult decision to impose lockdowns. He said: “Those plans were written for a different disease. They were written based on influenza and the preparation had been done based on a pandemic flu. “So the plans that we had, preparation was done on pandemic flu. “That’s what the exercises had been done on and obviously at the time we had to make decisions according to the situation we found it. READ MORE:Brexit LIVE: Boris urged to reconsider 'catastrophic' proposals  “A new coronavirus which was unprecedented and the hard part was that we were in a fog of uncertainty about the lack of data. “The challenge that we had was that the forecasts of increased cases and increased deaths. “The problem wasn’t the forecasts, the problem was that the forecasts were coming true and that was the fundamental challenge. “So you have to look at the costs, not just the economic costs, in terms of mental health the cost in people not being able to access other types of treatment. DON'T MISS:  Starmer and Sturgeon 'ploy' to oust Boris and 'reverse' Brexit [REVEAL] Hoyle slaps down Boris Johnson as he rages at Labour frontbench [INSIGHT] Nicola Sturgeon SHOULD be fined for breaking covid restrictions – POLL [SPOTLIGHT]   “And the cost of inaction and we could see the costs of inaction were going to be enormous.”