  Ted Lasso actress Annette Badland has provided an insight into what it’s like working with the show's creator Jason Sudeikis, explaining that the star always “has a very clear idea of what he wants” in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. Jason and his ex-partner Olivia Wilde’s names made headlines today after the actress was unexpectedly handed custody documents from the father of her two children whilst speaking on stage at CinemaCon.      Annette plays Mae, the no-nonsense owner of The Crown & Anchor pub in Richmond upon Thames in both seasons of the hit show Ted Lasso. The series was first conceptualised by Jason and Brendan Hunt, 50, who plays Coach Beard on the show. When asked about how Jason compared to his imaginary counterpart, Ted, Annette gave an interesting insight into what it was like working with the comedic actor. “Well, he doesn’t usually have a moustache!” she began with a laugh. READ MORE: Sara Davies' business lost 'hundreds of thousands' during Strictly     “I just think he’s amazing because he’s also conceived of it, he’s taken the lead role, he’s producing…” Annette went on to explain that Jason often had a lot of input into the creative process behind the show. “He doesn’t take a directorial role but when you’re working with him he goes, ‘Could we try it that way?’ Or, ‘Ooh I’ve had an idea.’ Or, ‘Should we improvise that?’” she shared. Gushing about the former SNL cast member, Annette continued: “He’s very generous. He’s extremely generous with other actors and what they might bring to it.      “He’s got a very clear idea of what he wants, but it doesn’t close him down. “He’s very open to other stuff happening and experimenting with things.” Ted Lasso has been a smash hit with critics and viewers alike, boasting a 96% audience score on Rotten Tomatoes. When asked what she thought made the show so popular, Annette replied: “Because it tells the truth. READ MORE... Karen Hauer and Luba Mushtuk stun in bikinis as they shower together [NEWS] Madonna, 63, issues expletive fan warning after split from boyfriend [UPDATE] Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband  [INSIGHT]     “I think it was made without cynicism. I mean, when Jason conceived of it, we had no idea we were going to be smashed by Covid. “But I think it’s just pertinent to people’s lives and, you know, how we interact. I think he knows about us and how we are. It’s brilliant. “And you know, the person that we all think is the joker or the clown who we don’t consider very much of can have a very strong truth in them. “I love his saying: ‘Be curious, not judgemental’; I think that’s terribly important.” Annette’s kind words come after the news today that Jason’s ex Olivia had received a mysterious envelope containing custody documents from him during her presentation at CinemaCon in Las Vegas.      The pair, who were previously described by People Magazine as “amicable” and “great at co-parenting” following their split in 2020, share two children, 8-year-old Otis Alexander and 5-year-old Daisy Josephine. A source has since claimed to The Hollywood Reporter that Jason was not aware of how the envelope was delivered to Olivia and that he had not set out to embarrass his ex. “Papers were drawn up to establish jurisdiction relating to the children of Ms. Wilde and Mr. Sudeikis,” the insider claimed. “Mr. Sudeikis had no prior knowledge of the time or place that the envelope would have been delivered, as this would solely be up to the process service company involved, and he would never condone her being served in such an inappropriate manner.” Express.co.uk have contacted Jason Sudeikis and Olivia Wilde's representatives for comment.   