TalkTalk could be sold to the tune of £3 billion following bids from Vodafone and Sky, sources say. TalkTalk, which has roughly 2.8 million broadband customers nationwide, comes just two years after the company was taken private by Toscafund for £1.1 billion. According to sources speaking to the Financial Times, Sky and Vodafone are looking to acquire TalkTalk to bolster their broadband customer numbers. Growing the customers in their ranks by 2.8 million overnight would ensure that both Vodafone and Sky are much larger presences in the industry. As such, either company would have much more sway to influence how the UK broadband market continues to develop. For Sky, it could provide 2.8 million new customers to upgrade to its paid-for television plans and mobile phone contracts. The satellite company already offers a number of perks for customers who use Sky for both their mobile plan and telly, including all streaming from its apps – like Sky Go, which lets you access linear television channels and on-demand content from your set-top box when out on the road – being discounted from your monthly mobile data allowance. This means even those with very small mobile data packages can still stream boxsets from Sky Atlantic on their smartphone during their commute. Similar promotions for broadband customers to bundle telly with their package could fuel sign-ups for Sky Q and Sky Glass. MORE LIKE THISBest Virgin Media Broadband Deals For Vodafone, it could convince TalkTalk's existing customer base to switch their pay monthly or SIM-only deals to its network. Vodafone is slowly expanding its broadband offering and now supports full-fibre speeds up to 900Mbps. However, with some 991,000 broadband customers nationwide, it's still much smaller than rivals like Sky, BT and Virgin Media. Acquiring TalkTalk would bring Vodafone's broadband network much closer in size to Sky (6.2 million customers) and make it one of the "big four" providers in the UK, behind BT, Sky, and Virgin Media O2. Investment bank Lazard is reported to be handling approaches for TalkTalk, however, it's important to stress that no formal bids have been tabled. So, for now, it's worth taking the above report with a healthy pinch of salt. Talk of acquisition for TalkTalk comes just one year after Virgin Media merged with O2 for an eye-watering £31 billion. Likewise, the deal allowed the newly-merged company to bring together the 4G and 5G network operated by O2 with the full-fibre broadband infrastructure owned by Virgin Media, which is distinct from the BT-owned Openreach cables that BT, Sky, EE, TalkTalk, Plusnet and other firms rely on to connect customer. Following the merger, Virgin Media broadband customers now benefit from the perks available with O2 Priority – a bonus previously reserved for mobile phone customers – that unlock early access to some of the biggest concerts in the UK, free coffees each week from Café Nero, and a number of other freebies and discounts. Virgin Media customers can also buy bundles with O2 SIMs, television and full-fibre broadband, following the merger. This could be the blueprint for Vodafone or Sky, should either company table a formal offer and kickstart the process of buying the broadband supplier.