Unconfirmed reports coming out of Izyum, Ukraine, suggest Vladimir Putin has taken his war in the country to a new level. Information published on Facebook by Nikita Karakay, a Deputy of the Izyum City Council, says people are experiencing symptoms of alleged poisoning. Among the symptoms she listed were: “Redness of the eyes, nausea, vomiting, respiratory failure, loss of consciousness.” Blood samples of the apparent victims have been taken, and their clothes have been sent off for further examination. The latest reports come as Sergei Lavrov, Russia’s Foreign Minister, confirmed “another space” of the so-called military operation is beginning. A leading Russian television presenter claimed this weekend that World War 3 has already begun, with TV host Olga Skabeyeva telling Rossiya 1 channel: “What it's escalated into can safely be called World War 3. Putin had previously discussed the prospect of World War 3 in his annual call in show in 2018. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: US warns Putin STILL has 'significant' weapons Four years prior to his invasion of Ukraine, a caller asked him if “non-stop” sanctions could trigger a global conflict. The Russian President initially quoted Albert Einstein, saying: “I know not with what weapons World War 3 will be fought, but World War 4 will be fought with sticks and stones.” He continued: “The understanding that a third world war could be the end of civilisation should restrain us from taking extreme steps on the international arena that are highly dangerous for modern civilisation. “The threat of mutual destruction has always restrained participants of the international arena, prevented leading military powers from making hasty moves, and compelled participants to respect each other.” Putin aimed a thinly-veiled swipe at the United States over George W Bush’s withdrawal from the Soviet-era Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty in 2002. He said: “The exit of the United States from the missile defence treaty was an attempt to ruin this parity, but our efforts in the development of new weapons will preserve this parity.” Russia has approximately 6,000 nuclear warheads — the largest stockpile in the world. Putin could unilaterally decide to embark on a civilisation-ending war if he wanted to, and placed his nuclear deterrent forces on special alert just days after his troops crossed the Ukrainian border in February. DON'T MISS:Germany shamed as Berlin may hand Putin £27billion for energy in 2022 [NEW]Putin rains down ‘flesh-ripping’ WW1 munition in Ukraine bombing raids [LATEST]'Won't take long' NATO just handed Ukraine devastating weapons [INSIGHT] Russia’s nuclear capability was perhaps best described by Dmitry Kiselyov, a journalist often labelled “Putin’s mouthpiece”. Speaking on his Kremlin-backed show Vesti Nedeli (News of the Week) in 2014, he said: “Russia is the only country in the world that is realistically capable of turning the United States into radioactive ash.” Mr Kiselyov had been handpicked by Putin the previous year to head a new state news agency called Rossiya Segodnya. Yet Putin criticised Mr Kiseylov’s remarks, labelling them “harmful rhetoric”. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky warned this weekend that the world “must prepare” for Russia to use nuclear weapons. He issued the doomsday warning during an interview with CNN, telling the broadcaster: “We shouldn't wait for the moment when Russia decides to use nuclear weapons... We must prepare for that.” He added that he is “convinced” the Russians can “use any weapon”. However, a former Russian minister sought to allay fears over nuclear war breaking out. Andrei Kozyrev, who served as Foreign Minister under Putin’s predecessor Boris Yeltsin, said Russia would only turn to nukes in “very, very specific situations”. He explained: “If Russia or one of those countries (felt) really threatened in their hearts, existentially, that is… if NATO troops come to Moscow, then probably they will resort to nuclear weapons. “The responsible military commanders will do everything to avoid such a scenario and to prevent the use of nuclear weapons unless they believe there is an existential threat to their motherland.” Likewise, Russia’s current Foreign Minister, Sergei Lavrov, said on Monday that his country is “considering the option of conventional weapons only” at this stage in the war.