We spent more than £112million last year on projects in India and Pakistan. Britain is a generous country but overseas development is about much more than charity. At its most effective, it is an exercise in “soft power” – bolstering our influence, deepening ties with trading partners and tackling threats to our national security.  Education has a key role to play in countering extremism. Economies will be transformed if women and girls in particular have a chance to thrive in the classroom. Simple steps can address the threats to lives that fuel refugee crises. The 0.5 per cent of our GDP we spend on foreign aid should be an intelligent and strategic investment in a safer, healthier and more prosperous future. China is vying for influence with western nations in the developing world and Britain’s rivals would exploit any retreat from the world. Nevertheless, families throughout the UK face a true cost of living crisis, energy bills are soaring to terrifying heights and our health service and social care system require urgent and massive investment. Cash is short in the Treasury and in families’ budgets. Questions have been asked about aid projects in India and Pakistan, both of which are nuclear powers, and there is pressure for them to show more support for Ukraine and opposition to the Kremlin. It would be an outrage if even a single pound is squandered at home or overseas.   --------------- The trade union threatening to bring the country to a halt in June with the biggest rail strike in modern history should abandon this ghastly notion that would spread misery and hurt the economy. There is nothing to be gained from dragging Britain back to the 1970s and halting a vital public service. The Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers already has a reputation for militancy but bringing 15 train services to a halt when the sector is struggling to recover from the legacy of the pandemic would be an act of self-sabotage.  --------------- The whole country and people on every continent will wish the Queen a glorious 96th birthday today. We hope this Jubilee year will be one of the very happiest of her reign. The announcement that the grandstand at Epsom racecourse will be named in her honour is yet another signal of the depth of affection, respect and gratitude she has earned. This year should be a celebration of our exceptional Queen and nobody should attempt to steal her limelight. 