The collision was reported just after 7.30am on Monday on the M11 near Saffron Walden, Essex.  Long delays have been reported due to the overturned lorry and a fuel spillage on the Northbound carriageway.   Traffic has been held from Junction 8 A120 (Bishops Stortford) to Junction 10 A505 (Duxford). Online traffic update service Inrix has said: "All traffic being temporarily held and queueing traffic due to overturned lorry and fuel spillage on M11 Northbound from J8 A120 (Bishops Stortford) to J10 A505 ( Duxford ). "Traffic was held from around 07:30. Traffic is also queueing on the other side to have a look." National Highways later confirmed traffic in lane two (of two) has been released, but one lane remains closed on the M11 Northbound between junction 8A to junction 9.     Delays of over 45 minutes are expected. National Highways has tweeted: "The M11 north is currently blocked between J8 and J9 near Saffron Walden following a collision in which a lorry has overturned. Traffic officers are on scene and recovery agents are en route. Please allow extra time for your journey as delays of 30 mins on the approach". An AA traffic map shows severe delays on the M11 Northbound carriageway from Great Chesterford all the way to Birchanger near London Stansted Airport. AA traffic has said: "All lanes stopped, long delays and queueing traffic for six miles due to rolled over truck and fuel spillage on M11 Northbound from J8 A120 (Bishops Stortford) to J9 (Saffron Walden). Traffic was held from around 07:30. Traffic is also queueing for 6 miles".  READ MORE ABOUT A UK TRADE REVOLUTION   It added that there were delays of three minutes on M11 Southbound in Essex with an average speed 20 mph and severe delays of 10 minutes with delays easing on the M11 Southbound between M11 and J8 A120 (Bishops Stortford). It reported an average speed of 15 mph. The AA update continued: "Severe delays of 49 minutes and delays easing on M11 Northbound in Essex. Average speed five mph."  In an update at 9.20am, National Highways tweeted that lane one of two remains closed on the M11 northbound from J8a to J9. It added that recovery is en route to the scene to clear the overturned lorry. National Highways warned motorists: "Please allow extra time for your journey as delays of up to 90 minutes and 8 miles of congestion back to J8 for [Stansted Airport]."  DON'T MISS: UK nuclear bases infiltrated by China with mysterious drone sightings [REVEALED] Fury as Corbyn calls for NATO to disband [LATEST] Kate and William's solid relationship has 'occasional blistering row' [REPORT]  Meanwhile, the A405 in Hertfordshire is closed southbound between the M25 and the M1 due to a serious collision with the emergency services on the scene. Traffic is being diverted via local routes.  A Hertfordshire Police spokeswoman said the force was called just after 8am on Monday after a road traffic collision on the A405 North Orbital Road near Chiswell Green. She added: "It was reported that a motorcycle and a van were involved."     Officers are currently at the scene along with paramedics. The police spokeswoman said: "Motorists are asked to please avoid the area at this time." 