Supporters watching Liverpool face Manchester City in a 2-2 draw spotted a plane flying over the stadium in which the two sides were playing. One person who saw the message reportedly responded: “Words fail me.” While many eyes were trained on the thrilling action on the pitch, football fans on social media were said to be left baffled by what was passing overhead. The banner, which appeared on Twitter during the first half, said: “British to be minority by 2066”. According to the Mirror, one fan said that 2066 was an “oddly specific” date. It may be a reference to prior claims that white British people would make up less than half the population by that year. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp faces new 'danger' after Man City draw In 2010, Professor David Coleman, an Oxford University demographer, said that the ethnic group would be a minority in its own country in “little more” than 50 years. The prediction is believed to have since been taken on as part of the rhetoric of far-right and anti-immigrant groups. Residents near the stadium told the Manchester Evening News that leaflets had been posted through people’s letter boxes at the weekend entitled “Whites to be a minority by the year 2066 or sooner”. One woman, who is pregnant with a mixed-race baby, said the flyer had left her and her partner “upset” and “disgusted”. Patriotic Alternative, a far-right white nationalist group led by neo-Nazi and former BNP activist Mark Collett, claimed responsibility for similar flyers in late March. On its website, the group claimed it had posted nearly 42,000 leaflets across most parts of the UK apart from London. The front page of Patriotic Alternative’s leaflet cites Professor Coleman’s 2010 claim, before referencing “falling white birth rates and mass immigration”. The leaflet went on to say that “rapid expansion of the migrant population” in Britain “brings white Britons ever closer to becoming a minority”. DON'T MISS Brexit ‘silver lining’ for businesses ‘no benefit for UK consumers’ [ANALYSIS] Marine Le Pen's Brexit warning to UK: 'Raise our voice!' [INSIGHT] Rishi Sunak refuses to resign as inquiry is launched [REPORT] Patriotic Alternative also offer leaflets against Afghan migrants, “forced” Covid vaccinations and with the “White Lives Matter” slogan. However, no one has yet claimed responsibility for organising the banner that was flown over the Etihad yesterday. Other football fans reportedly commented that the banner “makes absolutely no sense whatsoever” and that “British is already the minority. There’s like 7 billion other people”. It is not the first time that a controversial banner has been flown over a Premier League football match. In 2020, a “White Lives Matter Burnley” message was flown over Manchester City when they played Burnley at the same stadium. Burnley’s captain, Ben Mee, condemned the message at the time, stating that he was “ashamed and embarrassed” by the act. He told Sky Sports: “There's a group of lads in there that is embarrassed to see that, they've missed the point of the whole thing we are trying to achieve. “These people need to come into the 21st century and educate themselves. “It does not represent what the club is about, what the players are about and what a majority of the fans are about, that's for sure. It's a small minority of people and I'm really upset that happened.”