Scully spoke to Kate Garraway and Adil Ray on Wednesday's Good Morning Britain, where he argued the media had "covered" Johnson's "parties" in a different light at the time they occurred. He acknowledged Garraway's frustrations given her husband faced, and still faces, a life-changing health battle after contracting Covid-19 in March 2020. Following the remarks, Kate exploded at Scully for "blaming the media" and questioned his claims. Discussing Johnson's comments following the fine he received for breaking lockdown rules, Garraway challenged what it would take for Scully to lose faith in the Prime Minister. "At the time of these incidents, there were people following the laws that he set out, living the reality of the laws and doing the right thing," she pointed out. "So, therefore, it's not just a case of looking back, and the fact that he broke them, which is a big thing in itself, it's also the fact he seemed out of touch with the reality of the laws and the reality about what people were living through." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge She continued: "So you've got the lack of trust on two fronts, on honesty and also in terms of connection and representative of what the nation's going through. "And that must be, as Adil asked you, personally so frustrating for you. "At what point is someone like you going to say 'Enough is enough, I want to get one with the business of government, and this man as our leader is distracting from that?'" the journalist asked. "Is there a point you have in your mind?" "Well, two things Kate, I mean first of all you and Derek have obviously lived that horrendous situation that is exactly the kind of accounts that I've been talking about so I understand that frustration," the Sutton and Cheam MP replied. "What I was saying though is two years ago that event was seen in a very different prism by the media when they covered it in the newspapers the following morning-" "So it's the media's fault now, is it?" Garraway cut in. "It's not the media's fault because they didn't know! "At the time, people didn't know, did they? The media didn't know this was happening." "Well they did, because they reported it," Scully responded. "I'm not blaming the media at all." DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway blasts Prince Harry's 'strange' comments about Queen [LATEST]A Place in the Sun star teases 'what happened next' episodes [EXCLUSIVE]Loose Women's Carol blasts Harry and Meghan over balcony appearance [VIDEO] He continued: "What I'm saying is they reported it, that was the prevailing view at the time. "The Met Police have clearly investigated it and found differently and the Prime Minister has accepted that and has apologised. "Coming to your point Adil, about how the world looks on, the world also is looking on - you hear from President Zelenskyy thanking the Prime Minister and the British government for what they are doing over the conflict in Ukraine. "We have India, where the Prime Minister's travelling to later today, who are looking on at how we can foster closer economic ties. "This is going to happen at the moment as well, they're not looking necessarily at what's happening in parliament." Derek has endured a brutal health journey after being diagnosed with Covid in 2020 and being placed in an induced coma, leaving hospital after more than a year. He continues to recover and needs round-the-clock care at he and Kate's home because the illness left his body with numerous afflictions. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.