The last Friday of the month marks payday for millions of people, but some will be disappointed with how much they get. Pay packets for April are being squeezed by numerous factors in the midst of the rising cost of living. Soaring inflation, a freeze in income tax thresholds and rising National Insurance are being brought to bear on Britons. As a result of these pressures, people could make rash decisions when it comes to their finances, especially to get by in the here and now. However, experts have illustrated the substantial and adverse impacts certain moves could make - especially as it relates to one’s pension. Kate Smith, Head of Pensions at Aegon, said: “When people’s pay for April hits their bank accounts, it will drive home the impact of the cost-of-living squeeze. READ MORE: State pension mapped: The areas where you could retire for less “Following the Government’s announcement last September that National Insurance rates would rise by 1.25 pence in the pound to support the NHS and social care funding, April has been earmarked as the month when employees would see their tax burden rise.” Ms Smith highlighted the matter could be compounded by a continued freeze on income tax bands. The Government move means more people are being dragged into the tax, as wages rise. Furthermore, there are impacts to be considered with inflation swelling to a 30-year high. It means the purchasing power of take-home pay is being eroded, having an impact on day to day lives. Despite these challenges, the expert warned people should be very careful regarding the steps they take next for their finances. Many could be tempted to put a pause on their pension, but this may not be sensible. Ms Smith continued: “This ‘triple whammy’ of factors hitting April’s pay packets will no doubt cause people to look to areas that can ease the financial pressures. “Those looking to cut back on their pension contributions should carefully consider the long-term effects before making any decisions. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “While there may be a small immediate boost to take-home pay, Aegon analysis shows it could leave you thousands of pounds worse off in retirement. “What’s more, employees who pause pension contributions will very likely lose valuable employer contributions which help to boost retirement savings.” Analysis from Aegon has shown the severe impact of freezing a pension contribution, even temporarily. A one year pension break could mean a 25 year old on average earnings could miss out on £4,600 at state pension age. Pausing for three years means missing out on £13,600, assuming, as is highly likely, their employer also stops contributing to their pension. With pensions, people should always be aware the value of investments can go up as well as down. For this reason, individuals may wish to seek regulated financial advice before making major decisions. Pension Wise is also available as a Government-backed service to provide options to those edging closer to retirement.