Georgia on Tuesday turned heads when Irakli Kobakhidze, head of the ruling Georgian Dream party, said the fact that the country maintains trade relations with Russia is "neither illegal nor immoral". He pointed towards European countries that still do business with Russia by buying gas. Mr Kobakhidze added that the Georgian government's "stated position" of keeping the trade ties with the country did not contradict "any other principles". Georgia has mostly condemned Russia's invasion of Ukraine, particularly after protesters flooded the streets of Tbilisi, the capital, in the days after Vladimir Putin ordered his troops to begin their assault. The country's relationship with Russia is a complicated one, having severed all diplomatic ties after Moscow launched an all-out war and invaded its own territories in 2008. To this day, around 20 percent of Georgia's internationally recognised territory is under Russian military occupation. The outcome of Putin's war is as serious for Georgia as it is for Ukraine, argues Natia Seskuria, an associate fellow at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI). She says the country's fate is currently being sealed in Ukraine, as the outcomes there will have a direct effect on Putin's plans for Russia's neighbour. Asked whether a Russian invasion of Georgia was a real prospect, she told Express.co.uk: "I hope not, but in a sense, our fate is now being decided in Ukraine. "We don't know how this war will end, and we don't know what kind of concessions there will be from either side. "If Ukraine declares neutrality I think there is a real threat that we will be demanded to do the same. "I don't think Russia is necessarily going to re-invade Georgia anytime soon, but this doesn't give us the space to sleep well at night. JUST IN: Horror as Irishman kicked to death on Malaga beach "We see Russian troops deployed on our occupied territories and this gives us the ground to think that provocations might happen at any time. "The creeping occupation is still ongoing and is creating a serious security threat for Georgia as well as a humanitarian crisis for the local populations in the occupied regions." It is thought that Georgia's new generation has reacted to Russia's presence by looking towards the West. This popular opinion spilled into the halls of power in March when the ruling party announced it would accelerate its EU membership application along with Moldova just a day after Ukraine made its formal application. DON'T MISS Putin's lies exposed as state TV reveals hoax [REPORT] Putin horror Boris to develop 'cutting-edge' missiles  [INSIGHT] 'Big lesson' Xi issued warning as West intervenes in Russia fight [ANALYSIS] By signing the formal application, Georgian Prime Minister Irakli Garibashvili moved up the original timetable, under which Georgia’s application for EU membership was supposed to start in 2024. Even more striking was the fact that, just two days before, Mr Kobakhidze had told journalists that speeding up Georgia's application to the EU "could be counterproductive because we have to satisfy certain terms over the [next] two years”. Ms Seskuria said she believed the shift in direction was a direct result of a new generation of Georgians making their voices heard: "After the war, society in Georgia has started to rethink the past, and also the future. "People became much more westernised, especially the younger generation who don't remember the past in the Soviet Union. "Their memories are only connected to Russia being a hostile actor and aggressor taking away Georgian territory. "That's why I think this has boosted the support towards NATO and EU membership in Georgia." Officials from Georgia have travelled to Ukraine to see first-hand the damage caused. Georgia's Parliament Speaker Shalva Papuashvili, along with a Georgian parliamentary delegation recently met with his Ukrainian counterpart, Ruslan Stefanchuk, in Kyiv. There, Mr Papuashvili denounced Russia's military aggression in Ukraine, describing the country's efforts to protect itself as “a prime example of virtue and boldness.”