Erik ten Hag will only be the fifth best-paid head coach in the Premier League after being appointed as the new Manchester United manager, according to reports. The Red Devils finally ended a six-month search for the club’s next permanent manager on Thursday with the announcement of the Dutchman's appointment. Ten Hag has a monumental job guiding United back to English football’s elite. Tuesday’s 4-0 defeat by Liverpool evidences the gap between the 20-time English champions and their rivals. United are unlikely to finish in the top four under interim boss Ralf Rangnick this season. The German has the club in sixth and three points behind north London rivals Tottenham and Arsenal, one of which will surely take the final Champions League spot. But given the size of the job, Ten Hag will earn a modest wage at Old Trafford when Ralf Rangnick passes over the reins in the summer. The 52-year-old will complete the season with Ajax, who lead the Eredivisie with five games left. JUST IN: Man Utd poised for shock transfer windfall as defender decides future He will then join United as Rangnick moves into a consultancy role within the club’s complex backroom structure. And the former defender will earn around £9million a year as he attempts to rebuild the fallen giant, according to the Sun. That is £10m less than soon-to-be local rival Pep Guardiola, whose Manchester City side lead the top flight by a point. Liverpool, who are bearing down on the reigning champions, pay boss Jurgen Klopp £16m. Antonio Conte, appointed by Spurs last November to elevate them back among the Champions League contenders, takes home a £15m salary. Ten Hag will even earn less than Brendan Rodgers, whose Leicester contract sees him earn £10m. DON'T MISS...Salah sends contract message to Liverpool owners amid transfer doubtsLaimer makes priorities clear as Man Utd and Liverpool eye transferDiaz sends Klopp message as Anfield star eyes historic quadruple Below the new United boss are Arsenal’s Mikel Arteta (£8.3m) and Chelsea’s Thomas Tuchel (£8m). Arteta, in particular, might request a pay rise to put him among the best paid Premier League coaches if he takes the Gunners into the Champions League for the first time since 2016. Upon his appointment, Ten Hag said: “It is a great honour to be appointed manager of Manchester United and I am hugely excited by the challenge ahead. I know the history of this great club and the passion of the fans, and I am absolutely determined to develop a team capable of delivering the success they deserve. “It will be difficult to leave Ajax after these incredible years, and I can assure our fans of my complete commitment and focus on bringing this season to a successful conclusion before I move to Manchester United.”