Prince Harry cheered along with the team after the call started, ahead of the Invictus Games that will take place in Hague, the Netherlands, starting next week. But everyone stopped smiling shortly after Harry asked the captain of the team how she is feeling to be leading the "rowdy bunch" of athletes. Prince Harry told Rachel Williamson: "So far it seems like you are doing well, but the fact that they are all sitting down..." - to which she chuckled. And he went on asking: "Are you excited? Are you nervous?" Ms Williamson replied that she feels indeed both excited and nervous, after a "very long journey" to get where she is now, and continued by praising the team and everyone's efforts. And then Prince Harry insisted, trying to lift the spirit of the team, as everyone was quiet at the time. Prince Harry asked: "Is everyone excited or are people nervous?" Without knowing how to respond, the members of the team sat there in silence for an awkward moment. This lasted until everyone started cheering again, and Prince Harry joined them laughing and cheering. Trying to recover after the awkward moment, Harry then said: "The silence says it all..." and continued with another question. The brief call continued with more awkward moments, like when Harry looked for his old coach, asking: "Is my PTI from Sandhurst in here somewhere? When everyone pointed at her, Harry said: "There she is! I can't believe after 15 years our paths are crossing again. You used to shout at me so much!" READ MORE: Meghan cuts final ties to UK as Duchess opens up in loving statementLord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issueMeghan Markle's foundation praised as Archewell shares study Everyone laughed, and she responded, chuckling: "You needed it!" The royal continued: "I needed it. Yeah, cool. That’s also fair enough." Harry surprised Team UK with a video call as members gathered for a final training camp before the start of the Games. The Invictus Games were founded by the Duke of Sussex with an aim to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe. Having seen a British team competing at the US Warrior Games held in Colorado in 2013, the Prince wished to bring the concept of a similar international sporting event to the United Kingdom. In another video call appearance in March, ahead of the Invictus Games, Prince Harry tested his skills in speaking Dutch. Towards the end of the video, the Duke of Sussex opened his jacket to reveal an orange top that he was wearing underneath, in support of the Dutch hosting of the event. He also puts on an orange hat and sunglasses.