Daisies are a common sight on lawns and grassy expanses across the UK. Though the flowers are sweet to look at, according to Lawn Weed Expert, the common English daisy (Bellis perennis) “is still a weed, and if you've got daisies in your garden, they're competing with your lawn for essential moisture and nourishment.” Daisies don't pose as much of a threat as other lawn weeds, but those looking for an ornamental lawn might see them as an enemy. The reason daisies are so common is that they grow in nearly all types of soil, from acidic to alkaline. They even grow well in lawns that suffer from heavy compaction and tend to appear as a result of infrequent mowing - which is why they are common in spring. Despite this, the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) advises gardeners to think twice and "decide if you really want to combat these plants”. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Simple and inexpensive’ way to remove limescale from shower The RHS adds gardeners may "choose to retain these plants to create a flower-rich lawn". This is because some methods of weed removal can actually be detrimental to the overall health of your garden lawn. Furthermore, daisies can also help with the wider eco-system of your garden, creating a natural habitat which aids the maintenance of the UK bee population. DON'T MISS‘Highly effective’ way to kill patio weeds with 29p cooking staple [COMMENT]Simple, effective and cheap way to kill garden weeds using cardboard [INSIGHT]Mould: Best houseplants to get rid of mould in your bathroom [REVEALED] How to get rid of daisies from your lawn without using pesticides The RHS advises gardeners to only use lawn weedkillers "as a last resort". This is because pesticides can damage surrounding plants, as well as pose a threat to the wider environment. Depending on how many daisies you have to remove from your lawn, the best way to begin is by hand weeding. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Alternatively, it may be worth investing in a tool known as a "daisy grubber". This is a handheld tool that looks like a narrow, two-pronged fork. Lawn Weed Expert explains: "Just dig it into the ground and use it to lever your daisies out of the soil. "If you don't have a grubber, you can achieve much the same results with a kitchen knife that you're no longer using." Make sure to remove the whole plant, otherwise, it will simply grow back.