Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo was filmed smacking a phone out of an Everton supporter's hand whilst entering the tunnel after Saturday's 1-0 defeat at Goodison Park. The Red Devils succumbed to their latest disastrous result on Merseyside, and emotions were visibly high after full-time. Everton produced a battling defensive display to ensure Anthony Gordon's first-half deflected strike was enough to secure a vital three points in their battle for Premier League survival. The Toffees are now four points above the drop zone, whilst United remain in seventh, floating further away from Champions League qualification. Ronaldo returned to Ralf Rangnick's starting line-up after missing last weekend's morale-popping draw against Leicester City. But the 37-year-old hardly had an opportunity to impact the result as United severely lacked creativity throughout the afternoon. After full-time, jubilant Everton fans filmed the visiting players as they exiting the pitch through a corner tunnel. And Ronaldo was filmed hitting a phone out of his path as he trudged past supporters, with one reacting by shouting, 'you're s***'. JUST IN: Man Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo spotted limping due to grisly leg wound According to Sky Sports, United are aware of the footage of Ronaldo posted and are investigating the incident. It's another bitter aspect of the club's latest dark day in a campaign crammed with negative headlines and even worse results. United are only three points behind fourth-placed Tottenham Hotspur as of this writing, but the north London club hold a game in hand over Rangnick's side. They are level on points with Arsenal, who also have a game to spare, whilst West Ham are in sixth with a superior goal difference. READ MORE: Man Utd icon Gary Neville calls Red Devils 'a joke' after dismal loss The Red Devils are currently staring an inaugural appearance in the Europa Conference League in the face. However, there will still be slight hope of a top-four finish, with Arsenal showing just as inconsistent form and Tottenham always capable of a slip-up. On Monday, the Gunners lost 3-0 at Crystal Palace and are set to fall to defeat at Brighton & Hove Albion this afternoon. However, United must rediscover their winning touch before it's too late and at least avoid Europe's third-tier competition as a small consolation this term. Rock-bottom Norwich City visit Old Trafford next weekend in a clash that the hosts will have to win if they are to have any chance of a top-four finish. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here