Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky had no political experience just three years ago but has since emerged as a wartime leader, winning global acclaim for his response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict. Through impassioned speeches and a determination to remain in Kyiv and stand with the people despite Russian forces' reported attempts on his life, Mr Zelensky tops polls of being one of Ukraine’s strongest leaders to date. While Russian President Vladimir Putin has appeared erratic and impulsive throughout the invasion of Ukraine - posing nuclear war threats and accusing Ukraine of “genocide” - Mr Zelensky appears to have remained composed, resolute, and powerful amongst the chaos. Delivering powerful and cogent speeches and requests, Mr Zelensky has somehow managed to force U-turns in many government policies that would have previously been inconceivable. Germany suspended the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline just ahead of the invasion, breaking the long-standing taboo on sending weapons to conflict zones, while countries usually critical of Europe’s migration policy, such as Poland and Hungary, have opened their borders to millions of Ukrainian refugees fleeing the war-torn country. Mr Zelensky’s career path has taken many twists and turns, but taking the post of president of the country - as well as one recently polled as the most powerful in Europe - would usually be far from the traditional trajectory of a comedian come actor. READ MORE: Germany must supply Ukraine with weapons ‘to learn from own history’   Just before his election in 2019, Mr Zelensky, 44, made a household name for himself playing a fictional Ukrainian president in popular TV show, Servant of the People. Despite graduating with a law degree in 2000 from the National Economic University in Kyiv, his career was to head in a much different direction. Mr Zelensky became active in theatre while studying, which soon became his primary focus. His university performance group, Kvartal 95, featured on a popular comedy show in Ukraine and it was from here his entertainment career spiralled.  Servant of the People, which premiered in 2015 against the backdrop of a Russian-backed insurgency raging in eastern Ukraine and endemic corruption undermining public confidence in government, was soon to become the roadmap for Mr Zelensky’s rise to power. The show features the storyline of an unlikely teacher becoming president after going viral on social media, which soon became a massive hit with the nation. In 2018, Kvartal 95 officially registered Servant of the People as a political party in Ukraine, of which Mr Zelensky was soon to win a landslide victory over incumbent president Petro Poroshenko in the second round of Ukraine’s 2019 presidential election. Despite being a political novice, Zelensky’s anti-corruption platform is said to have won him widespread support - and his significant online following made for a solid electoral base.  DON'T MISS: Keir Starmer apologises over BBC attack on Boris Johnson [BREAKING]Mariupol evacuation failed: Putin has ‘lack of control’ over troops [ANALYSIS]Putin in humiliating U-Turn as troops told to ABANDON key plan [INSIGHT]    He won 73 percent of the vote, promising to bring peace to the east of the country. Although this, alongside vows to tackle corruption, was naturally going to be challenging to achieve. Although he managed to fulfil one corruption campaign promise by lifting the law that prevented members of parliament from being prosecuted, he’s so far not been able to fulfil the other - quashing tensions with Russia.  Fielding daily calls with world leaders and taking to social media to deliver impassioned speeches and pleas for peace, Mr Zelensky has become an international and respected leader throughout the conflict. Rather than fleeing the country for safety, Mr Zelensky has stayed put in Kyiv to help the resistance, despite increasing tensions and threats to his life. Despite Ukraine still facing overwhelming odds, the 44-year-old former actor and comedian has managed to help bolster Ukrainian morale and remain strong in the face of Russian aggression. As Russia launched phase two of its war in Ukraine, Mr Zelensky addressed the nation in a telegram on Monday: “No matter how many Russian soldiers are brought here, we will fight. We will defend ourselves.” 