Manchester City and Real Madrid played out one of the all-time great Champions League encounters at the Etihad Stadium on Tuesday evening. The defending Premier League champions emerged victorious at the end of a seven-goal thriller to boost their hopes of reaching the final of this year's tournament, although they will need to avoid slipping up in next week's second-leg clash at the Bernabeu in order to finish the job. City raced into an early two-goal lead through Kevin De Bruyne and Gabriel Jesus before Karim Benzema tucked home a deft volley for Real Madrid to halve the deficit. The hosts fired back through Phil Foden shortly after half-time but were unable to prevent Vinicius Junior from replying with a goal of his own as the hour mark approached.Bernardo Silva went on to score City's eventual winner on 74 minutes with a fiercely-struck effort from inside the box to secure a much-needed first-leg win, although Karim Benzema's chipped penalty with just eight minutes remaining gave Pep Guardiola's side a major late scare. It remains to be seen whether City will be able to hold on in next week's second leg to book their place in the Champions League final once again after finishing last year's tournament as runners-up.Tuesday's match was the latest in a string of modern Champions League classics with the potential to live long in the memory over the coming months and years. Express Sport takes a look at five other memorable fixtures to have graced our screens over the last decade, with Europe's premier club competition rarely failing to provide entertainment of the highest quality for supporters across the continent. JUST IN: Real Madrid boss Ancelotti has Benzema suspicion after Man City loss Real Madrid's incredible quarter-final second-leg win over Chelsea will go down as one of the most exciting Champions League knockout fixtures in recent memory. The Blues had a two-goal deficit to overcome after losing in the first leg at Stamford Bridge but came flying out of the blocks at the Bernabeu to hit back twice before the hour mark.Timo Werner added a third to complete the turnaround for Chelsea with less than 15 minutes on the clock before Rodrygo latched onto Luka Modric's otherworldly pass to equalise on aggregate and force the match into extra time. Real Madrid went on to deny the defending European champions a place in the semi-finals through Karim Benzema, who thumped a header past Edouard Mendy and into the back of the net to cap off a historic triumph for Los Blancos. Tottenham reached their first ever Champions League final by downing Ajax in Amsterdam under the most dramatic of circumstances back in 2019. The north Londoners were tasked with halting Ajax's incredible run in the competition and duly obliged with just seconds of added time remaining at the Johan Cruyff Arena.Lucas Moura led the charge for Spurs with a stunning hat-trick that he completed in the 96th minute to break Dutch hearts and send the north Londoners into the final, where they would face Liverpool. Mauricio Pochettino's side eventually fell at the last hurdle, though, with the Reds scoring two goals without reply in Madrid to get their hands on the coveted trophy for a sixth time. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE  The award for the greatest Champions League comeback of all time must undoubtedly go to Barcelona, who shocked the football world by overturning a four-goal deficit to reach the quarter-finals of the competition five years ago. The Catalan giants were thrashed at the Parc des Princes in the first leg but mounted a jaw-dropping assault on PSG at the Nou Camp to register a truly remarkable win and send the French champions tumbling out against all odds.Luis Suarez set the tone for Barcelona with his early strike before Layvin Kurzawa's own goal and a Lionel Messi spot-kick gave the hosts a real chance of progressing to the last eight. Three goals in the closing minutes then sealed victory for Luis Enrique's side, with Sergi Roberto's last-gasp finish sending the home support into raptures and writing his name into the history books. Barcelona were on the receiving end of an awe-inspiring comeback in 2019 when Liverpool ran rings around them in their semi-final second-leg clash at Anfield on their way to Champions League glory. The Reds shipped three goals without scoring themselves in the first leg but were far too hot to handle on their own patch a week later, with Georginio Wijnaldum and Divock Origi sharing four goals between them under the lights on Merseyside.The match will be remembered for Trent Alexander-Arnold's quick thinking to set up Origi's second goal and complete a remarkable turnaround for Liverpool in spite of their first-leg deficit. The England right-back caught Barcelona napping from a corner to find Origi, who went on to lash the ball home and send the visitors packing with nothing to show for their previous win at the Nou Camp. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Bayern Munich inflicted a demolition job on Barcelona when they hit the Spaniards for eight in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic back in 2020. The knock-on effects of the global situation saw UEFA make the temporary switch to single-leg knockout stage matches, which forced both teams to push each other from the very first whistle as opposed to taking a more conservative approach over a period of two games.Barcelona were well and truly ripped to shreds in Lisbon, with loaned-out midfielder Philippe Coutinho even getting in on the act for Bayern Munich towards the closing stages of the match. The result was credited with prompting Lionel Messi to chase a move away from Barcelona, while manager Quique Setien was unceremoniously relieved of his duties three days later in the aftermath of the most embarrassing defeat in the club's 122-year history. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here