A money saving Briton has detailed her advice to save on food when buying it and also when making. She claims a slow cooker is more energy-efficient than other forms of cooking, keeping energy bills low, as well as helping to make cheaper batch meals. That's just one of her clever techniques to spend less during the cost of living crisis, a troubling time for British families. The cost of living crisis has only just begun and already is having a big effect on the lives of ordinary Britons. The cost of petrol has risen, as has the cost of services and goods. Chloe Carmichael is a money saving expert and founder of Chloe’s Deal Club. The club helps Britons save money on beauty and home items by sharing amazing deals each week. The deals expert said: "It’s a worrying time for us all with the increasing costs. Sadly, there’s only so much we can all do to reduce our outgoings and expenditure, but I hope some of the tips below can be helpful." READ MORE: Money saving woman who paid off 20k of debt details her strategy - 'remain consistent' It has been reported the price of groceries and food is 5.2 percent higher than 12 months ago. Some of the items rising in price fastest, according to the Office for National Statistics, are oils and fats, coffee and tea, fruit, dairy, wine, chocolate and sweets, soft drinks, vegetables, spirits, and beer. She told Exoress.co.uk: "How to approach food budgeting amid the cost of living crisis is a question I’m asked a lot by my community. "It sounds simple but planning your meals before going shopping and batch cooking can save a lot of money (and time!)" DON'T MISSMum who saved £17k in a year shares sinking fund envelope system [SAVINGS] Mum plans to save £10k amid the 2022 cost of living crisis [REAL LIFE] Budget recipes: Cook 3 delicious meals with just £12 [HOW TO] Looks for deals Always check out the reduced section to find yellow sticker bargains, especially for higher-priced food like meats, and freeze them. Use a slow cooker Use a slow cooker which is often more energy efficient (they’re great for batch cooking too). There are lots of Facebook groups for batch cooking and slow cooker recipe inspiration too so you can have lots of variety. Use Too Good To Go Use Too Good To Go, which lets you buy and collect leftover food from restaurants, cafes and hotels at £2 to £4 to save it from being wasted. You won’t know what’s in your bag so it’s a fun way to save money and help the planet by reducing waste. The supermarket bags are often great value with lots of fruit and vegetables. Be loyal Use supermarket loyalty schemes such as the Lidl Plus app, where you get special offers and money-off vouchers. For example, if you spend £50 within the month you get a free bakery item, if you spend £100 within the month you get a £2 coupon or if you spend £200 within the month, you get a £10 coupon. Sign-up to save Look at supermarket sign-up offers, for example at Sainsbury’s you can often get up to £20 off your first online shop over £60. If your shopping doesn’t usually come to £60, you could add on household cleaning items or long shelf-life items to make it up to £60. Introduce yourself Take advantage of introductory offers such as HelloFresh, Gousto, Green Chef, etc. You can often save up to 65 percent or even get a completely free box. Ask your friends and family if they have a referral code, where you get a discount on your first box and they’ll receive credit for referring you so it’s a win-win.