New research has revealed that “property catfishing” is on the increase. In fact, around 70 percent of buyers have admitted to seeing a property that either didn’t match up to the photos in the advertisement or didn’t exist at all. Prospective buyers can be caught out by scams in a number of ways. Homes can be advertised with images that either hide problems or fail to show them. Properties can also be advertised that don’t exist, allowing buyers who can’t attend viewings to transfer over deposits to a scammer. One potential buyers, Emma Hull, said she had found what she had believed to be her “dream property” online. Emma, who is a PR specialist at Liberty Marketing, even said it was decorated just the way she liked it. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove limescale deposits from your taps However, the property turned out to be her “idea of hell”. She said: “I was shown my dream property that turned out to be my idea of hell. “Online, it was super nice and even decorated the way that I’d like it; really girly, and pink and grey, and I was just in love with it. “Online, it looked like it was really taken care of. Online, I was told it was a nice, quiet, family-friendly area, which I trusted as I’m not from the area, so had nothing else to go by. “Pulling up to the location, there were big dogs barking and graffiti on quite a lot of the walls. I didn’t want to be judgmental, but the inside wasn’t much better. “Firstly, you can’t advertise a smell, but the smell of smoke was horrendous, so that was enough to put me off already, and then the state of the house – there were smashed tiles, water was coming through the ceiling and a load of flies coming from under the fridge, it was revolting. “It goes to show how important in-person viewings are before you make the decision to buy or rent somewhere.” DON'T MISSIs it cheaper to hand wash or use a dishwasher? [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to unblock drains using hair removal cream [UPDATE]Heating myths: How to properly heat your home of less [ANALYSIS] Ben Lloyd, managing director and property expert at Pure Property Finance, has compiled a list of ways that buyers can avoid being scammed, or wasting time on properties that aren’t suitable for them. The address of the property should always be stated on the advertisement, and if it’s not buyers should always question why it’s not. If the address is mentioned, Mr Lloyd suggested always checking the property on Google Maps to see if the address is real and if the address is in the area it says. He also said to check whether the outside looks like it does in the advert. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If it doesn’t match, the property expert said it’s a “huge red flag” and buyers “should avoid the property at all costs”. If furniture looks out of place in photos then it’s most likely been moved to hide something. Mr Lloyd said: “Is the coffee table against a wall? Have the curtains been pulled over too far? “Some may just be chance, but sometimes, it could be to hide damp, or broken walls and floors. “Definitely query any broken furniture, walls and floors before you go for a viewing.” Brokers and mortgage advisors should thoroughly check through the details of a property to make sure it’s all legitimate. Using someone that has a good reputation and knows the industry well will ensure that there are no serious problems with the property and the purchase. Some estate agents use wide-angle lenses in their photos to make the rooms look bigger than they really are.  If a room looks small from the camera, it could be smaller in person. Small rooms can be useful for storage, offices or even walk-in wardrobes and dressing rooms. Mr Lloyd said buyers should ask themselves why a property is on for less than they would expect. He said: “If you’ve found your dream property, and it’s on for a lot less than the others, then ask yourself why. “Sometimes, people do reduce the price for a quick sale, but if you’ve seen a perfect property in an amazing location, and it’s a huge percentage less than nearby properties, then ask yourself why. “Will there be damages that costs thousands to replace? Is it a real property? “Asking questions and digging deeper into the advertisement could help you avoid making a mistake.”