Prince Charles made a direct appeal to BBC correspondents based in Ukraine to pass on a message to Ukrainians on behalf of himself and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The Prince of Wales and Camilla travelled to Broadcasting House in London on Thursday where the royal couple were given a tour round the offices of the BBC World Service. Speaking with BBC journalists reporting from Ukraine via video link, Prince Charles asked: "Well, maybe for what it is worth, could you give the people you come across our kindest thoughts and wishes?" "And sympathy," added Charles. The Prince also paid tribute to journalists working to ensure the public has the "impartial truth" from conflict zones as he marked the 90th anniversary of BBC World Service. He said: "I know just how much it must take for many of those who are broadcasting in the most difficult of circumstances. JUST IN: ‘Two dignified and strong women!’ Kate and Anne step out on first joint royal engagement  "But also what it takes in order to make sure that people do have access to the impartial truth, and particularly in conflict situations. "So I'm full of admiration, for what it's worth, for everything you do and your colleagues on the ground, and those of you who have had to escape from other countries, all too frequently nowadays, from all this depressing amount of conflict around the world - so thank you for all the efforts you make." The Prince told BBC broadcasters Lyse Doucet and Clive Myrie "you're incredible, but it can't be easy". When asked by Doucet if she had been watching the coverage, Camilla replied "absolutely, we do", and later when the broadcaster spoke to the prince she asked: "We're proud to work for the BBC at this moment and I hope you felt pride in the BBC?"   Charles replied: "Absolutely, you're remarkable, but it takes a hell of a lot of courage, especially with all these bombs going off or cruise missiles or whatever it is." Myrie went on to say: "The first thing to say, no correspondent is required to go, we go because we want to go. I'm going back in about a week, just continuing the coverage of the story because it's so important." The royal couple also met BBC staff from Russia and Ukraine, some of whom have been forced to leave Ukraine because of the conflict and report from Poland. Charles and Camilla spoke on a video call with the corporation's Russia editor Steve Rosenberg as he travelled from St Petersburg to Moscow by train, and chief correspondent Ben Brown who was on a rooftop in Kyiv. DON'T MISS Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? [POLL]Harry not attending Jubilee 'would be greatest gift to give Queen' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's US neighbours 'bristling' - claim [REVEAL]  Commenting on Russian demonstrations staged at the start of the war and lone protesters still defying President Vladimir Putin's regime, the Prince said: "People are remarkably courageous, the ones who object." When Brown told the couple the conflict in Ukraine, a country he has covered since 1991, was "breaking my heart" Charles replied, "I agree". The couple also met journalists preparing for a live programme for BBC News Afghanistan delivered in the Pashto language. Reporter Shazia Haya, who was part of an emergency evacuation of BBC staff as the Taliban rolled into Kabul following the withdrawal of American troops, told Charles: "Thank you so much for saving my life. Thank you."