The £150 rebate was announced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak in November 2021 to help Britons make ends meet during the cost of living crisis. This refund will be a welcome relief to many, so it’s important that Britons don’t miss out. Some 80 percent of British households are eligible for this council tax refund which should be paid in April. Most Britons will be paid automatically, however anyone who doesn’t have a direct debit set up could face delays. Thousands of people don’t have a direct debit set up might be waiting months longer. Even worse, they could end up missing this rebate altogether. READ MORE: 15 medical conditions and benefits that qualify for free prescriptions Councils are encouraging people to set up direct debits now to make the process easier and quicker. Shaun Davies, a spokesperson for the Local Government Authority (LGA) said: “You can still get the money if you don’t have a direct debit set up, but it could take longer as your council will have to contact you and then you’ll have to make a claim.” Meanwhile, almost half a million people (400,000) are paying higher bills because they’re in the wrong council tax band. Financial journalist Martin Lewis is encouraging people to double check as it could save them hundreds of pounds. DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis' advice if energy firm is doubling your direct debit [ALERT]State pension payment date change takes place in two weeks [UPDATE]State pensioners could boost sum using National Insurance option [INSIGHT] He said: “It's more important than ever therefore to check you're paying the right amount of council tax, whether that's because you're in the wrong band or simply not claiming a legitimate discount. “Thousands have tried and succeeded, and payouts or discounts worth £100s or £1,000s are commonplace.” However, people could also end up paying more council tax if they challenge their band. A woman was left devastated after her council tax band challenge resulted in 21 of her neighbours paying higher bills. . People who don’t live in band A to D properties should get in touch with their local authority if they are in financial difficulty. Each council has a Household Support Fund and might be able to help others who are struggling. If they can prove they are having difficulties they might be able to claim some of this money. Each local authority sets its own rules so it’s impossible to say who will qualify. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea While millions of people can expect a £150 rebate, more than than half of local councils (89 out of 151) are increasing council tax by 2.99 percent this month. People should have received a letter from their local council with their new charges. Many have been left shocked by the higher bills which couldn’t come at a worse time. Anyone who hasn’t received their new bill can check the Council Tax levels set by local authorities in England 2022 to 2023.