Over the last two years, many people have moved home in search of more indoor and outdoor space. However, with house prices on the rise, many have also renovated their current homes. According to one expert, using neutral colours is the way to go, making rooms appear bigger. Ryan McDonough, in-house interior design expert at MyJobQuote, told Express.co.uk: “Minimalist and natural is good for giving a timeless feel that won’t go out of style and increasing the feeling of space. “Choose light, neutral colours that will not go out of trend in the same way something bolder might. Light colours can also help to accentuate light. According to the expert this can make “rooms feel larger and more spacious”. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks Ryan added: “Keep furniture and design elements simple and refined, again, to reduce the risk of statement pieces that might not be in style in a few years time and to make the rooms feel larger and more open. “Consider simple, natural materials such as wood or stone that can add texture while still being flexible and timeless. “The key to creating an interior that will appeal to buyers is creating a space they can imagine themselves in. “You are not trying to sell them your home, but instead your house.” DON'T MISS:Kitchen appliances one of the ‘easiest places’ to cut down costs [COMMENT]House price growth sees ’strongest pace of increase’ in 17 years [INSIGHT]Lawn: ‘Always’ follow the ‘one third rule’ when mowing grass [EXPLAINER] According to the interior design expert, neutral colours and simple furniture will make it easier for potential buyers to imagine themselves living there. It will also make the property seem more spacious for the prospective buyers. Ryan added: “To take this a step further, if you are looking to sell, it is a good idea to remove personal effects to again help buyers picture it as their home.” This includes personal photograph frames. The expert also recommended creating multifunctional spaces to improve a home’s design. Ryan said: “With the pandemic and the rise of at-home working, rooms that can fulfil more than one purpose are becoming increasingly common. “It is more important than ever that spaces be flexible to accommodate for the new demand of the modern world. “There are plenty of ways to delineate between spaces including furniture, colour and texture. “Furniture can be used to partially block or enclosed spaces to give distinct areas. Use furniture in a way that does not impede movement or clutter a space but still sections it out, for example, sofas can be arranged to form a distinct sitting area. “Colour can also be used to create different areas. Bold and block colours can distinguish between different spaces and uses. “For example, warm colours may be used in a sitting area, whereas something more natural could be used in a workspace.” This also goes for textures where clean and modern may be preferable in a work space or eating area and soft textures such as carpets and throws in living areas.