As a response to Russian forces’ horrifying actions in Bucha, the EU is planning to seize a share of Russian energy revenues and use them to fund the reconstruction in Ukraine. These energy revenues were generated from Russia’s oil and gas imports to the continent, which is a significant chunk of its economy.  Under the new sanctions imposed by the EU, a large part of €19billion (nearly £16billion) revenue generated since Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine would be diverted from Russian energy companies. This money would then be placed in a special “escrow” bank account that is created to be used for aid to Kyiv. This comes as EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen met with EU leaders today to discuss a possible ban on Russian coal imports, along with setting up a roadmap for a possible embargo on Russian oil. This would be a major blow to Putin’s war efforts as the bloc is massively reliant on Russia’s fossil fuels and has been handing the country billions for imports.  The EU imported a staggering €48.5billion (£38billion) of crude oil in 2021, and €22.5billion (£19billion) of petroleum oils other than crude. Ms von der Leyen said: “These sanctions will not be our last sanctions. “Yes, we have now banned coal but now we have to look into oil. “And we’ll have to look into the revenues that Russia gets from these fossil fuels. We really have to make an effort. "For example, an escrow banking system so that we will really limit the source of revenues. READ MORE: Putin's plot to hold Germany to ransom could end in disaster “This is the next step we have to take together.” While several key figures within the union are ready to slap a ban down on Putin’s oil empire, the bloc is still yet to take action as a furious bust-up shakes up the EU. German MEP Manfred Weber has called for an immediate ban on fossil fuel, as well as a gas ban on Russia “as soon as possible”. The head of the European People’s Party (EPP) told Politico: “We cannot continue financing the Putin system waging this horrible war.”  READ MORE: Australian mystery after bloated 'alien' creature washes ashore [REVEAL] 'What a legacy for Merkel' Germany humiliated as Russia sanctions fail [INSIGHT] The deadly weapons UK could send to Ukraine to end Putin's invasion [SPOTLIGHT]