With the weather starting to improve and the country beginning to lower restrictions on travel, many Brits are looking at where their next holiday destination should be. When looking to save money on any trip, it is important to consider other factors rather than solely how much the flights themselves cost, in addition to the hotels and other expenses. One such factor that tends to be overlooked is how much the parking will cost at the airport, and how drivers can get themselves the cheapest deal. Experts at Car Lease Special Offers have taken a look at the top 20 UK airports (in terms of the number of average passengers per year) and created an index to show which is the overall best UK airport to park at. The experts considered criteria such as how much it costs for drop off, short-stay, mid-stay, and long-stay parking when drivers turn up on the day, as well as which are the cheapest airports for pre-booking the parking at too. Additionally, the study analysed the number of electric vehicle charging stations at each airport, showing which are the best to park at if motorists own an EV. READ MORE: Sales of new diesel cars plummet 90 percent Belfast International Airport took the top spot in the index, excelling in several different areas of the study. For example, it was the cheapest overall for the short-stay and long-stay parking for turn up and pay, at £5 for an hour and £65 for seven days, respectively. The airport was, however, let down by the lack of EV charging points, something which they may look at rectifying in the coming years. Cardiff was in second place overall, and although the airport did not rank first for any of the scoring criteria, it was in the top 10 for everything, and in the top five for short-stay, drop-off, long-stay, and EV charging points. DON'T MISS Traffic warden reveals best parts of patrolling UK streets [INSIGHT] Uproar over push from Greens to ban second cars [REVEAL] Ringgo row sees elderly drivers demand right to use cash [WARNING] Glasgow rounded out the top three, scoring particularly well for weekend pre-booking, mid-stay, and long-stay parking. Edinburgh provided the cheapest quote for both the pre-booked weekend (£24.99) and week-long stay (£33.99). When looking at the cheapest pre-booked weekend parking, Belfast (£25.99), Glasgow (£29.99), and Leeds Bradford (£30) all offered cheap deals too. If drivers are going on a quick trip and will be coming back the next day, Aberdeen and Southampton offer the cheapest turn-up and park price for one day, at £28 each. Both cities proved to be just cheaper than Newcastle Airport, which offers mid-stay one-day parking for £29. Glasgow, London Luton, Southend, and Stansted offered mid-stay parking for one day for £30. The figures also revealed that Heathrow Airport has by far the most EV charging points. There are 38 charging points available at Heathrow for drivers to use. These are located in the multi-storey car parks, with 26 in the Terminal 2 parking area, and four each in Terminal 3, Terminal 4, and Terminal 5’s multi-storey offerings. Bristol Airport was the next best for EV charging points, with 12 overall, while London Luton Airport boasts 10 at the time of writing. Four airports do not currently offer EV charging points on-site. These are Stansted, Belfast International, Doncaster Sheffield, and Southend. See the full list of airports below: