When Forsythe's utterly joyous all-male Playlist (Track 1,2) debuted in 2018, it blew the roof off. Standing ovations (usually not the done thing in dance, darlings) every night heralded the arrival of lightning in a bottle – a universally thrilling piece that thrills and unites the performers, audiences and critics in delight. Tampering with perfection is a huge risk but the ENB has unveiled a new incarnation Playlist (EP), expanding the piece from two tracks to six and bringing in the ladies to share the fun. The original two tracks showcased all the brio and virtuosity of the company's superb male ranks, clad in American Football-style gear with their names emblazoned on the back. In the first, the smooth funk of Peven Everett's Surely Shorty inspires the dancers to relax their lines and groove – with fabulous freestyle flourishes, of course. It all builds to the exhilarating explosion of Lion Babe's Impossible, where they power in and out of muscular formations, punctuated with endless opportunities for individuals to shine in solo grandstanding jumps and turns. As always, it brings the house down. It's a shame though that we have to lose the original ending which rolled into the curtain call and the dancers erupting into even more extravagant testosterone-fuelled displays.  The expanded version places the two tracks first and third, split by ABRA's Vegas, a cool synth number for the girls (in hot pink) to flawlessly but somewhat primly play with classical lines and modern attitude. It's pleasant, but the least successful fusion of musical and movement of the night. It's a little tougher en pointe to find a modern ease. Things really take off again with all the dancers united to the ecstatic grooves of Barry White's Sha La La La Means I Love You and then the storming party finish on Natalie Cole's This Will Be (An Everlasting Love). A dizzying, dazzling whirl of solos, partner work and glorious group exuberance makes us all wish we can storm the stage and join the party. The strength of the entire company delights throughout but it is particularly wonderful seeing many of the younger and junior members like the powerhouse Rhys Antonio and prowling Fernando Coloma given chances to shine. The other half of the programme is Forsythe's 2016 Blake Works 1, built around seven tracks from the artist's The Colour in Anything album. The music is far more internalised and melancholy but the fusion of classical and modern is identical, as are many of the motifs, and the recurring fade-outs with dancers still in motion between tracks. The muted nature of the music makes for a more subdued experience. There is much beauty and fine dancing to be found throughout, although not everyone is quite able to find the necessary looseness in hips and shoulders. I also question whether it would not be better to pair rather more contrasting pieces, especially when the second is so similar but shines so much more brightly. THE FORSYTHE EVENING IS CURRENTLY AT SADLER'S WELLS TO APRIL 10