Lucy Briggs came to The Repair Shop on Wednesday, with a toy car that belonged to her late father, Andy. The guest, who was extremely close with her dad, revealed she wanted Steve’s help to restore the car to its former glory without the car losing any of its vintage charm. When Lucy brought the item into the workshop, host Jay Blades noticed one of the wheels had been damaged. She explained: “My dad let me play with it one time and I was a bit overzealous and pressed on it too hard. “I don’t think I was allowed to play on it after that.” "Pressed on it or sat on it?” Steve quipped and she replied: “Possibly both.” Read more: The Repair Shop's Julie Tatchell restores 'life-changing' toy seal Lucy explained her father likely received the car from a family member when he was around five years old. Telling Jay she had inherited her dad’s possessions, she added: “I’m trying to look after them the best I can.” Steve’s eyes lit up when Lucy recalled a memory of steam pumping out from the car. Setting off to work, Steve commented: “I think this is a cracking car. “I’m so pleased that Lucy doesn’t want it all blinged up because I love it looking the age that it is. “It has really suffered from rust. There’s a real flat on that tyre there I’m not sure about finding another one.” Steve noticed a spare tyre on the back of the vehicle and pointed out: “I can take that off and put it on the front.” As he dismantled the car, Steve hoped to find some answers about how the steam mechanism worked. DON'T MISSWill Kirk children: Does The Repair Shop expert have any children? [INSIGHT]Suzie Fletcher makes touching tribute to BBC co-stars [INSIGHT]Jay Blades promises ‘more stuff to come’ after dyslexia documentary [INTERVIEW] “This is really quite exciting,” he observed. “You’ve got some sort of device here almost like a boiler to produce the steam. “There’s some bellows and those puffs of air will have blown through here so you get puffs coming out of the front. “Oh wow, this is amazing. I was not expecting that, that has made this so much better. I lot more work but great fun.” When Lucy returned with her nephew, she was overjoyed with Steve’s restoration. The Repair Shop expert switched the car on and the vehicle bellowed out puffs of steam as it moved. “I can’t believe you’ve got it working,” Lucy commented. “My dad would have loved it.” Lucy broke down in tears as he remarked: “I wish he could see it.” The Repair Shop airs on BBC One on weekdays at 3.45pm.