Real Madrid are optimistic about signing Kylian Mbappe and keeping hold of Luka Modric this summer, according to reports. Los Blancos have enjoyed a positive campaign under Carlo Ancelotti this term. But, as ever, they have one eye on the future as they look to dominate Spanish and European football for many years to come. Real Madrid have long admired Mbappe, with the player previously having a trial with the La Liga titans at the age of 12 where he met childhood heroes Cristiano Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane. PSG have been trying to keep hold of the France international, however, amid his outstanding form this term. But ESPN say Real remain optimistic they can sign Mbappe this summer and bring this protracted saga to an end. The former Monaco star recently suggested he could actually end up staying at PSG, saying there were ‘new elements’ to consider. There’s been talk PSG have even enlisted French president Emmanuel Macron as they look to keep Mbappe at the Parc des Princes. But Real, for their part, still believe they can secure the services of the 23-year-old. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The 2018 World Cup winner has scored eight goals from his last 10 outings across all competitions, easing pressure on Mauricio Pochettino in the process. And he’s even managed to upstage Galactico team-mates Neymar and Lionel Messi. Regarding Modric, the publication says Real are also hopeful the Croatia international will extend his stay with the club. The 36-year-old was outstanding in midweek as Los Blancos battled their way past Chelsea in the Champions League. And though he’s yet to pen a new deal, Real think Modric will still be strutting his stuff at the Bernabeu next term. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Should everything go to plan, Ancelotti’s team would appear to have a very bright future ahead. It’s genuinely scary to think how many goals Mbappe could score if Modric is pulling the strings behind him in attack. Throw in Karim Benzema alongside the pair, and it seems Real won’t struggle for goals going forward. Speaking to Express Sport earlier in the season, meanwhile Geremi had his say on Mbappe potentially moving to Real. And he expressed a belief the forward would end up staying at PSG because of the expensive and talented squad they’ve assembled at the Parc des Princes. "My personal view is that, for me, I don't think it will be possible,” he said. "I remember Mbappe at the beginning saying 'my wish is to play with the biggest footballer in the world'. Now, when you look at the squad of Paris Saint-Germain he has it there! "I don't think he will move when he has all of the best players in the world and go to another big club. "Because when you move from one club to another club it's like starting another challenge. "He's already settled, he's one of the best players in Paris Saint-Germain. So I think he's started to become one of the leaders in the dressing room, one of the best players in the dressing room. "For me, I would like him to go to Real Madrid because I played for Real Madrid. "But, as a player when I look at how he would think, I don't think it would be possible. "I think he will stay at Paris Saint-Germain."