Ajax boss Erik ten Hag has already given his stance on his team image as he prepares to enter the Manchester United job. For Cristiano Ronaldo, it could spell a short end to his second stint at Old Trafford ahead of the transfer window. Ajax boss Ten Hag looks set to take over at United as their new manager after appearing to beat Mauricio Pochettino to the post. The 52-year-old has won over Old Trafford chiefs with his style of football in the Netherlands. The former Bayern Munich II coach is on the verge of succeeding Ralf Rangnick at United, who will move upstairs into a consultancy role this summer. With a huge transfer window coming up for the Red Devils, all eyes are on one player. Ronaldo has had a rollercoaster of a season in his second stint at United and it has not been without criticism. The Portuguese superstar is the club's top goalscorer with 18 in all appearances. No one else in the squad even has double figures in front of goal. Yet there is talk that this has been a failure of a season for the 37-year-old, who will go a year without any silverware - though the problems at United are more deep-rooted. Nevertheless, a general consensus has been that Ronaldo does not work as hard as other forwards in terms of pressing down defenders and is not necessarily a team player. Under Ten Hag, that just will not do and he has already outlined his vision which appears to place Ronaldo on the outside. The Dutch manager worked closely with Pep Guardiola while at Bayern Munich and counts him among his most influential coaches in terms of his own philosophy. He said: "Guardiola had great players at Barcelona, like Andreas Iniesta, Lionel Messi, Xavi and others But it takes a lot of quality from a coach to make top players play in a great way as a team. "You have to convince them that they each have a role in that team. Guardiola is a master of that. Some top players cannot play in his teams – like Zlatan ­Ibrahimovic. Everyone has to contribute. The team comes first and not the individual. Even Messi was more of a team player under Guardiola. He has never been as brilliant again as he was under Pep. "Now, Messi is above the team – and everyone has to work for him. And we see that Barca have not won as much in recent years as they did under Guardiola." Ten Hag's thoughts on having players work for the team first might be bad news for Ronaldo, who already might be pondering leaving one year into his second United spell. While there is no denying the five-time Ballon d'Or winner's talent, he ranks the among the lowest forwards for number of presses per match. Earning a reputed £500,000-a-week, it might be best for all parties if the veteran star left in the summer. Though, with Edinson Cavani already departing, the Red Devils will have to splash the cash anyway to bring in a striker.