The Sky miniseries follows the story of Neve Kelly (played by Clara Rugaard) who wakes up in the middle of the wilderness to discover she is dead and her family cannot see nor hear her. As the supernatural series unfolds, Neve sets it upon herself to try and discover who murdered her and get justice. Ahead of the drama airing, its actors opened up about their thoughts on the afterlife.  Emily Taaffe portrays Neve's grieving mother Maria Kelly in the eight-part series and Matthew McNulty plays her estranged father Tom Rees. After Neve realises she has been killed, she tries to reach out to her loved ones but she is invisible to them. Emily and Matthew recently spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about whether they believe in the afterlife which is a theme throughout The Rising. Irish native Emily said: "I think there is more to it than we can see. I’ve had a few, not like Casper the Friendly Ghost coming into the room or anything, but I’ve had a few strange experiences. READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series "[You know how Robins are manifestations of loved ones?] I’ve had that where after I have lost a person and a Robin has flown into my home and it’s made me feel quite comfortable and happy to have a reassuring presence. "I just think there is a lot we don’t understand about the world, so who knows?" However, a more sceptical Matthew said: "You can really feel people giving you their energy and there are people who pull energy out of you. "But the supernatural aspect of things... Have I had anything that would make me a true believer - no."  To mark the launch of The Rising, a ghostly apparition appeared on the banks of Derwentwater, in the Lake District. Appearing in the early hours of Tuesday morning, the eerie figure began to rise from beneath the water set against the dramatic backdrop of the mountains. Surrounded by a grey mist, the blue-grey hue of the figure stunned passers-by who looked on in awe as she appeared to mouth the words “come find me”. The visual was a hologram depicting the lead character Neve. DON'T MISS...Billions season 7: Will there be another series? [LATEST]The Staircase Sky release date, cast, trailer, plot: When is it out? [UPDATE]Big Sky title card: ABC drama pays tribute to David Suapaia [INSIGHT] In the series, Neve is seen to emerge from a lake as she returns from the afterlife to help those investigating her death to find her killer. The hologram was inspired by new research commissioned by Sky which found 42 percent of Britons believe in life after death with a further 63 percent admitting to believing they have been guided through life by a deceased loved one. The data revealed the top five "signs" people think can indicate a spirit include, sensing a presence in a room, dogs acting strangely and seeing spiritual symbols such as birds. One person who was taken aback by the hologram of Neve was Derwentwater resident Daniella Hope who said:  “I woke up to take a walk by the lake as I do most mornings and was stunned to see a ghostly figure coming out of the water.  "I couldn’t believe my eyes at how real it looked, to the point I was speechless for the first few moments. “It’s certainly an interesting way to start the morning and now I’m intrigued to find out about what happened to her.” The ghostly figure took two months to create and was made by a company called Kaleida. The Rising premiers on Sky on Friday, April 22.