At the end of a wet April, the Costa del Sol will be hit with muddy rain while some areas will see storms. The wettest day is likely to be Wednesday April 27. A spokesperson from Aemet, the Spanish meteorological agency, said a lot of the rain will be muddy. Rubén del Campo said muddy rain could be expected on Wednesday and Thursday in the Costa del Sol. Muddy rain is caused by sand from the Sahara desert which can be carried on the wind to Europe. Weather expert, José Luis Escudero, said there would be “springtime storms” in some areas. READ MORE: Flight attendant on why Meghan and Harry didn't pay bill on flight Areas likely to be affected by stormy weather include Almeria, Granada, Jaen, Cordoba and Malaga. There is a 90 percent chance of rain on Wednesday and Thursday in Malaga city although the weekend forecast is better. The Balearics could also see muddy rain according to del Campo which could persist beyond Wednesday. Muddy rain can cause visibility issues and breathing problems and tourists are advised to take care. The weather is likely to become more stable at the weekend in good news for any British tourists travelling for the bank holiday. Spain has been hit by stormy scenes in recent weeks with extensive damage caused to some Costa del Sol beaches. Beaches in Fuengirola, Estepona and Marbella were all damaged by the stormy weather and some needed repairs. Tourism officials in the region have called for additional support and more permanent defences for the beaches. The Costa del Sol is home to some of Spain’s most popular destinations and welcomes many Britons each year. Resorts such as Torremolinos and Marbella are British favourites and could be full for the first time since the pandemic this year. Britons are advised to travel outside the school holidays if they can as prices are set to be high this year. A rise in the cost of fuel has led to a surge in flight prices and demand is also high for peak periods. British tourists travelling to Spain will need to be fully vaccinated unless they have a Covid recovery certificate. Britons will not count as fully vaccinated if their second jab was more than 270 days ago and they haven’t had a booster. Unvaccinated Britons will need a Covid recovery certificate to travel to Spain for tourism reasons. British teenagers aged between 12-17 can show a negative PCR test result if they are unvaccinated.