Bedroom tax is a levy introduced in 2013, essentially reducing Housing Benefit and Universal Credit support for claimants who have one or more spare bedrooms. However, this is not necessarily having more bedrooms than people in a property, as DWP guidance reveals who they think should bunk together.  Families living in council homes, receiving housing benefit or housing costs through Universal Credit should be wary of the spare bedroom restrictions to avoid losing out on their benefits. The amount that their benefits are reduced depends on the amount of spare rooms they have:   For example, someone entitled to £100 per week but with one spare bedroom in their home will actually only receive £86. This reduced figure is what will be used to calculate their eligible rent for Housing Benefit, meaning Britons will likely need to find the other 14 percent of their rent on their own. Many believe that having an empty room is what will impact their benefits under the bedroom tax, however this is not always the case as it rather relates to having more bedrooms than is considered necessary. The DWP guide on Housing Benefit indicates that certain people are expected to share bedrooms. This includes: In essence, a family of four, with two children under the age of 10, would have to stay in a two-bedroom home in order to avoid the bedroom tax. The DWP also indicated that the following people can have their own private bedroom: Additionally, a spare bedroom is allowed in certain circumstances relating to fostering children. Members of the armed or reserve forces or students who intend to return home will not have their bedroom counted as a spare room while they are away. People living in a secure council tenancy or a secure housing association tenancy may be able to take in a lodger to fill up a spare room they have and in turn avoid the bedroom tax. This can include having friends or family members move in but they will be expected to contribute to the rent whilst staying there. Certain people may be exempt from the bedroom tax, including if they: