Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick could make as many as five changes from the 4-0 humiliation at Liverpool against Arsenal this afternoon. Rangnick has been blessed by a few returning names ahead of the trip to the Emirates Stadium, with United's top four hopes hanging by a thread after the defeat at Anfield. Three first-team stars are back in contention after spells on the sidelines, including Cristiano Ronaldo, absent last time out after the passing of his newborn son. The returning trio will help Rangnick ring the changes for a clash where defeat would likely prove fatal to United's Champions League aspirations. Express Sport runs through the likely Red Devils team in north London to kick off the weekend's Premier League action. David de Gea had a rough time of it on Merseyside last time out, but he will keep his place in the starting line-up. The Spaniard will hope for better protection from his backline, which is set to see a significant change against Arsenal. JUST IN: Mikel Arteta needs to 'make a change' for Saliba to snub transfer There wasn't particularly a stand-out performance between Diogo Dalot and Aaron Wan-Bissaka at Liverpool as both full-backs were regularly exposed by the hosts' quality on the wing. But Dalot has been Rangnick's preferred right-back and should be preferred with Alex Telles returning on the left. Reports suggest club captain Harry Maguire will drop to the bench amid his poor form and the recent bomb scare at his family home. His absence will help Victor Lindelof maintain his spot in central defence, joined by much-welcome returnee Raphael Varane. READ MORE: Five possible targets with Man Utd 'working on deal for young striker' Another returning star is Scott McTominay, who could only make the bench against Liverpool. The Scotsman should replace Paul Pogba, likely to have played his final game for the club at Anfield after being ruled out for the remainder of the season. Nemanja Matic, as the only natural defensive midfielder in the squad, is set to partner him in a double pivot. Bruno Fernandes could captain the side in Maguire's absence, starting in his familiar attacking-midfield role. After another underwhelming showing last time out, Marcus Rashford could be the attacker to drop out of the team to occupy Ronaldo as the sole striker. Jadon Sancho was United's best player at Anfield after coming on at half-time and is a certainty to start against the Gunners. Anthony Elanga played well against Norwich City last weekend, assisting Ronaldo's opener, and could line up on the right flank again. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.