As 2022 Northern Ireland Assembly elections approach, BBC Newsnight political editor Nicholas Watt comments on possible election outcomes, and said “there is a very distinct possibility that for the first time in its 101 year history, the Unionists could be dislodged from their top spot”. If so, “Sinn Fein could be entitled to claim the post of First minister”, said Mr Watt, as polls suggest Sinn Fein is set to become Northern Ireland largest party. Speaking at BBC Newsnight, Mr Watt said: “This is potentially a very, very significant moment for Northern Ireland. “So let’s not make any assumptions as the voting has not been taken place yet. “But there is a very distinct possibility that for the first time in its 101 year history the Unionists could be dislodged from their top spot in n election. “And the consequence of that would be that Sinn Fein would be entitled to claim the post of First Minister. “Both parties are stressing and say ‘let’s not make any assumptions’. “Sinn Fein need to get the vote out and need a big focus on bread-and-butter issues. “And obviously what would be worrying them is that they talked too much about Irish unity and that can sort of frighten Unionists Centre rallying around the flag, and that flag could rally around the DUP. “What the DUP are saying is ‘look, don’t write us off on that theme that is worrying Sinn Fein’. “The DUP are saying that they are picking up sounds among sort of the Unionist electorate that maybe some of them have severe doubts about the DUP. “But they may well swallow them to ensure that Sinn Fein do not have the right to become First Minister, as obviously the greatest threat to Unionists is a splintered Unionist vote." READ MORE: Truss blasted over ‘shoulder-shrugging’ response to hated EU deal He also added: “So what are the big themes in this election? “It is very clear on all doorsteps in all communities, the cost of living is an absolutely huge issues in this election as it is in any elections in Europe and indeed across the world. “Obviously, other big issues is the Northern Ireland protocol. “That is the post-Brexit arrangement and that means that goods travelling from Great Britain to Northern Ireland do have to undergo some checks because, of course, Northern Ireland is largely bound up with EU rules. DON'T MISS: Brits dominate Portugal's tourism as Lisbon opens up travel to UK [WATCH] French firm behind UK passport delays and chaos to be reprimanded [LISTEN] Heartwarming moment rescue dogs meet owner's baby for the first time [INSIGHT] “In the Queen’s speech that we are going to have at Westminster in two weeks or so, there is going to be a bill that is going to mean that the UK government will unilaterally override some of the most controversial aspects of that Northern Ireland protocol. “As I understand it, there is going to be a big ministerial push by the UK government in Washington after that. “Because Joe Biden is not going to like a move like that.” He concluded: “I asked Jeffrey Donaldson, the DUP leader, about that UK government move today, and he is absolutely delighted, and if he is delighted Sin Fein will be very, very unhappy. “That might lead to even greater alienation on that side of the fence”.