Dame Joan Collins, 88, took to Instagram yesterday and confirmed that she is one of many Hollywood actresses who are still natural. The Dynasty legend's comments come after Jane Seymour, 71, spoke out in a new interview where the actress also shared that she had never had plastic surgery. The former Bond girl claimed she was "one of only two" in LA who hadn't had work done. The actress' comments sparked a reaction from Dynasty star, Joan, who reacted to her pal's remarks on Instagram. Taking to the picture-sharing site, the legendary star shared a candid photo of herself as she beamed for the selfie. In view of her 271,000 followers, Joan penned: "I am another #actress in #hollywood who hasn’t had any 'work' done @janeseymour - there’s many of us!" READ MORE: 'Remember Andrew?' Jeremy Clarkson issues royal warning to William Fans flocked to the comment section, as they praised Joan's ageless appearance. Mary Amlie Berman gushed: "You are beautiful inside and out @joancollinsdbe stunning." Melena Marras agreed: "Always Beautiful Miss Collins." Carrie McCabe offered: "You are so beautiful. A real iconic girl. I wanna be just like you."  "Love you for that. You are still 100 per cent your fabulous self," Lizzie added. Joan's comments come after Jane appeared to suggest that she was one of the few on-screen stars who have not undergone cosmetic surgery. In a recent interview with the Daily Express, she said: "I am unusual in Hollywood in not having work done. I only know one other actress who hasn't had it - though she might have now!" Jane disclosed that she feels surgery would take away her full acting potential, saying she needs all the "moving" parts of her body. DON'T MISS... Bruce Willis' wife thanks fans as actor 'sells off property empire'[LATEST]'I betrayed their trust' Will Smith resigns from Academy[HOLLYWOOD]A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman tried for another baby[EXCLUSIVE] She continued: "I felt as an actress I needed to have all the moving parts moving. And I'm at the point in life where it's not all about looking perfect - it's about playing a character." Jane has previously admitted to having breast implants and an eye lift, as well as trying Botox once. In 2007 the actress said that after giving birth to her twins, she decided to have implants, although they were unusually small by Hollywood standards. "My plastic surgeon had to special order them," she told People Magazine. The actress also told the same publication that she had a "minor" eyelift in the 90s. Jane rose to fame as Bond girl Solitaire, in the 1973 film Live and Let Die, alongside Roger Moore as the MI5 agent. She has starred in multiple films and TV shows including Dr Quinn Medicine Woman. Meanwhile, Dynasty legend Joan looked ageless as she cut a glamourous look in a sleek white cocktail dress as she stepped out for dinner with her husband Percy Gibson in West Hollywood on Wednesday.