The credit card service company acknowledged it had been experiencing issues recently. In a tweet, it said: “We are currently experiencing multiple technical issues impacting our servicing and payment systems. “Thank you for your patience while we work to resolve these. “If you are trying to make a payment, please do so by bank transfer. “Sort code and account information is on your statement.” A number of furious customers took to social media to express their frustration with the matter. READ MORE: Income tax may take a ‘big chunk’ out of Britons’ pay from this month Twitter user @tinytrexsaure wrote: “When are you expecting to go back to normal? I need to make a payment!” @C_Owen610 questioned: “Is there an expected time it will be resolved?” @Josh_H92 stated: “If you’re going to make a system wide update have the decency to inform customers they’ll be unable to use their cards!” There have also been reports of German users and those from other European countries having issues.  DON'T MISSState pensioners demand increase to National Living Wage [INSIGHT]Britons face £73 per month rise in bills this month [EXPLAINED]Pension savers could get free 100% savings boost - act now [ANALYSIS] Hundreds of users also reported issues through Downdetector this morning. Many stated they were unable to access their American Express banking app. Others said they had been unable to make payments, impacting their day. Banks do not usually automatically offer compensation for those impacted by outages or technical problems.  The same can be said for credit card providers. However, if Britons are unhappy with a service, they can submit a claim in the hopes of getting money in their pocket. American Express acknowledged “multiple technical problems” which have occurred today. The organisation thanked customers for their patience concerning the matter.    What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Another tweet explained the Amex tech team was working hard to resolve the issue. American Express is used by millions of people right across the world, and is a well-known global brand. It proves particularly popular due to the fact it offers many customers attractive benefits and rewards, including for travel, shopping and gift cards. 