Jamie Carragher fired back at Gary Neville with a dig of his own after his Sky Sports colleague directed a jibe at him and Wayne Rooney during Sky Sports' Monday Night Football. Rooney was a special guest covering Arsenal's dismal 3-0 Premier League defeat against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. Jean-Philippe Mateta opened the scoring on 16 minutes before Jordan Ayew sent the Selhurst crowd into dreamland by doubling the lead before half-time. Wilfried Zaha added a third from the penalty spot in the 74th-minute to round off a triumphant night for Patrick Viera's side. But the MNF crew provided entertainment before kick-off as Neville, absent from tonight's programme, promoted the show by aiming jokes at Carragher and Rooney's scouse accents. Accompanied by a laughing emoji, he wrote on Twitter: "Subtitles on and all the best Dave. Eeeeeeeeeeeeeee, errmmmmmmmm." After kick-off, Carragher fired back by defending Rooney's contribution and suggested Neville isn't always entirely honest about his views on United. He responded: "No erms, just an ex #MUFC player speaking honestly about his former club. You should try it! #Rooney." JUST IN: Arsenal trio called out by Wayne Rooney over Crystal Palace defeat Neville was quick to bite with a reply of his own towards his former United teammate Rooney and bitter rival on and off the pitch, Carragher. Taking inspiration from 'The Inbetweeners', he put his own spin on a quote in the popular UK TV show. "Ooooooohhh! Scouse friends," Neville joked. Rooney impressed viewers with his insight on topics like Derby County, the current situation at United and Arsenal's dire performance. The Gunners' defeat dealt them a significant blow in their pursuit of Champions League football next season. READ MORE: Liverpool's rivals Benfica 'talking to Wolves' for tips to beat Reds Tottenham Hotspur's 5-1 rout against Newcastle United fuelled their momentum under Antonio Conte further and lifted them above Arsenal in the Premier League table on Sunday. Mikel Arteta's side are now fifth but still hold a game in hand over their north London rival as the season run-in rumbles on. Rooney and Neville's former club United could be out of the running after another uninspiring result at the weekend. Ralf Rangnick's men were flat as they were lucky to avoid defeat in the 1-1 draw against Leicester City at Old Trafford. With Arsenal, Liverpool and Chelsea still to play, the Red Devils are staring a Europa League return in the face. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here