Good Morning Britain's meteorologist Laura Tobin spoke with Ranvir Singh on Thursday's Lorraine about how people can do more to help save the planet. Last year, the ITV weather presenter travelled to Svalbard, Norway where she witnessed how global warming had melted the glaciers and put polar bears in danger. Laura has gone on to write a book about saving the planet and global warming. In the book, Laura explained she wrote an apology letter to her four-year-old daughter, Charlotte. "You talked to your daughter in this, Charlotte, how old is she now?" Ranvir asked. "Four," Laura replied as Ranvir continued: "She's only four? You wrote a really beautiful letter, quite a heartbreaking letter actually." READ MORE: Kate Bliss children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? The host continued: "Tell us what you said in this letter at the beginning of the book because this book is really for her generation and us really as well." "I just wanted to say to her that I am really sorry," Laura admitted. "I am sorry that we have known for such a long time that greenhouse gases cause emissions, making our planet overheat. "I am sorry that the glaciers are melting and that the polar bears don't have ice anymore. "I am just sorry for all of the things we are doing that we could easily change." The GMB host added: "Then there is the letter of, 'I promise to do everything we can, I'll do everything I can.' "I hope when she is my age that I'll be able to take her to Svalbard where I went and she will see the things I saw and that the landscape won't have changed too much." Last year, Laura faced a backlash from GMB viewers after she and a small camera crew travelled to Svalbard. Some viewers claimed Laura's flight to Norway would have added to emissions and she shouldn't have gone there. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders ending explained: What happened to Finn Shelby? [CAST]Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert details new role after show exit [INSIGHT]Vera's Aiden Healy star details 'special' moments filming series [NEWS] Elsewhere in the interview, Ranvir asked Laura about the criticism she faced at the time. "When you went out there, it was to see how far the glaciers had melted and how quickly they are going," Ranvir explained. "There was some criticism, wasn't there about, 'Oh well you took a flight over there?' "What is your answer to that because I know there is a list of programmes that create the most emissions?" Ranvir went on to ask what the justification was for the trip and other trips like it. "It has to be weighed up with the positives and the negatives and we had a footprint, there were just three of us in our tiny team," Laura replied. "But we made a tiny negative impact but actually the positive impact we had on the planet, all the people who saw it. "[There were] millions of people who watched the show that maybe would have watched a documentary." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.