Max Verstappen has insisted that he will be wary of dust on the track at this weekend's Australian Grand Prix as Formula One makes its long-awaited return to the country after a two-year absence. The Dutchman will be looking to secure back-to-back wins on the streets of Melbourne after clinching the top prize ahead of Charles Leclerc in Saudi Arabia at the last time of asking. Verstappen was running in second place for the vast majority of the contest but managed to squeeze ahead of Leclerc at the end of a titanic battle for the lead with only a few laps remaining. He successfully dealt with the high-speed twists and turns of the Jeddah circuit to take the chequered flag but has already insisted that he will be ready for a fresh challenge in Australia over the coming days."It’s going to be interesting to see how the car performs in Australia, the track can sometimes be quite dusty," Verstappen told GP Fans. "I hope we can have another smooth weekend as a team, so let’s see what happens on Sunday."A number of high-profile changes have been made to the Albert Park Circuit in advance of this year's Grand Prix with the aim of providing better racing. Organisers have completed work on almost every corner, with the biggest alteration coming at the old turn nine-10 chicane, which has now been entirely removed to allow for a fourth DRS zone to be introduced. JUST IN: Hamilton was ‘very keen’ to join Red Bull and proved Horner wrong Verstappen managed to get onto the podium with a third-placed finish at the most recent Australian Grand Prix back in 2019 and will be desperate to secure his first win on Sunday in order to close the gap to Leclerc in the Drivers' Championship standings. The Dutchman also insisted that he is expecting a fun race in Melbourne as a result of the changes, which he hopes will provide better passing opportunities over the course of the 58-lap contest."I am really looking forward to racing in Australia again, it’s been a while," added Verstappen. "The atmosphere is always so good there too. It will be interesting to see the track updates. "I think they will make quite a big difference, especially in turn six where the most significant change has happened. There should be more overtaking opportunities now too which is always positive."Verstappen currently occupies third place in the Drivers' Championship standings and finds himself 20 points adrift of Leclerc, who has emerged as the early leader after the first two races of the new campaign. Both drivers will fancy their chances of victory in Australia, with Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes nowhere to be seen after their disastrous start to their Constructors' Championship title defence. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE