On April 13, Dan Stevens spoke with The One Show hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas about his new political thriller Gaslit. The Starz and Starzplay's series is based around the 1970s Watergate Scandal, which involved the administration and resignation of US president Richard Nixon in 1974. However, the actor took the BBC hosts by surprise when he made a savage comparison to how Prime Minister Boris Johnson runs the government, describing him as a "criminal for a leader". His remark came after Mr Johnson and chancellor Rishi Sunak were fined for breaking lockdown laws amid the Covid pandemic. It has since been reported Dan's comments sparked complaints from viewers. According to the broadcaster's official complaints website, the BBC "received complaints from viewers who were unhappy about comments made by the actor Dan Stevens". The broadcaster has since issued a statement responding to the complaints. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge "The One Show is a live topical entertainment programme where the hosts are joined by a variety of guests to discuss a broad range of subjects," the statement began. "Actor Dan Stevens was a guest on Wednesday 13 April and made comments about Boris Johnson in response to a question from the hosts about his new TV project before going on to talk about the series. "These comments were taken in jest and the hosts moved the conversation on to the focus of the interview." During the interview, host Alex began by explaining what Dan's new series was about. She said: "A new series tells the unknown story of the woman who blew the whistle [on the Watergate scandal] played by Julia Roberts and also stars our lovely Dan here. Now, this is an extraordinary story, Dan." As Dan nodded in agreement, Alex went on to ask: "The series you're doing, what's the take then on it?" The 39-year-old replied: "Well what you've got is a criminal for a leader, who is wrapped in a messy war, embroiled in a stupid scandal and surrounded by ambitious idiots, and really should resign... and, erm..." The actor took a moment to pause before he joked: "No, I'm sorry that's the intro to Boris Johnson." DON'T MISS...Ukraine general forced to sit out war freed 'Banged up in Germany' [VIDEO]Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [INSIGHT]Owen Jones savages Blair's calls for more people to go to uni [REACTION] "I've just said the intro to Boris Johnson, I'm so sorry," he added as Alex and Jermaine looked speechless. Gasps could be heard in the studio before Dan began to chat about his new series. He said: "No, Gaslit takes an interesting approach to Watergate, you know, it foregrounds a lot of characters that are often swept aside. "In particular, the character Martha Mitchell, who was married to the attorney general [and is] played by the wonderful Julia Roberts." At the time, Dan's remarks about the Prime Minister left viewers divided. While many praised the actor for his "witty" joke, others were less than impressed. Taking to social media at the time, Janet H raged: "This is disgraceful. The BBC should apologise." Jane Rackham tweeted: "Doubt Dan will be invited back on BBC - even though he’s saying what the majority of the nation is thinking." While Rod Mason fumed: "Yeah the BBC isn’t biased against Boris at all, eh?" The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.