Sajid Javid denounced the United Nations as he agreed with President Volodymyr Zelensky that UN action has failed to protect Ukraine. President Zelensky recently expressed disappointment that the UN had not done more to support Ukraine throughout the Russian invasion. LBC host Nick Ferrari challenged Sajid Javid on his views: "Do you share his disappointment that the UN could be doing more Sajid Javid?”   "Yes, I do,” responded Javid, openly condemning the current course of UN action. He added: “The UN is a huge and important organisation, of course. “It's a large organisation with over 180 odd members, almost every country in the world, some wielding more power than others, including Russia.” The Health Secretary suggested the lack of effective intervention from the UN stems from Russian involvement in the organisation as a member of the Security Council. He said: “It's far from perfect and I absolutely share what President Zelenskyy set out yesterday, his frustrations that the UN should be doing more.”    The Health Secretary boasted of the comparable success of UK intervention in the Ukraine crisis, especially measures led by his Department of Health and Social Care. “We shouldn’t be relying on just the UN,” claimed Mr Javid, “it's up to each and every country to do what it can.” He bragged about “the support from my department for Ukraine, for example with medical aid.” As Health Secretary, Mr Javid praised the moves of his own leadership: “I’ve got ambulances now going there as well for the first time, as well as the medical equipment we send.” Read more: UN facing 'enormous problem' as veto preventing Ukraine action    He clarified a total of four ambulances have been sent from the UK to Ukraine with hopes for a total of 20 vehicles to be offered as support. Mr Javid also welcomed the introduction of further sanctions against Russia by the European Union. He added: “I was pleased to hear that, overnight, the EU has set out a range of sanctions, some of them very new, tough sanctions.” The new sanctions levied by the EU target key Russian exports as they introduce import bans on Russian coal and block Russian ships from entering EU ports. Don't miss: Have your say: Does EU row on Russian sanctions justify Brexit? [POLL]Car crashes into Russian Embassy and bursts into flames  [VIDEO]Putin's forces slammed as 'animals' for atrocities in Ukraine [INSIGHT] The Health Secretary praised this move by the EU as “exactly the kind of approach that we should all be taking.” Addressing the United Nations Security Council, President Zelenskyy criticised the actions of the UN, highlighting that the organisation has so far been ineffective in the crisis. President Zelenskyy was direct in his accusations of the UN’s failure, saying “it is obvious that the key institution of the world designed to combat aggression and ensure peace cannot work effectively.” The Health Secretary backed claims by Mr Zelensky that the UN Security Council had failed to protect Ukraine and suggested Russian power within the Council is largely to blame.  