State pension payments are vital to millions of people in retirement. Many will want to pay attention to the differences set to kick in from this week, likely to affect their payment. The state pension someone receives usually depends on their National Insurance record. For the old ‘basic’ state pension, typically 30 years of National Insurance contributions are required for the full sum. When it comes to the new state pension, 10 qualifying years are needed to get any sum at all. Some 35 years are necessary if a person wishes to unlock the full new state pension. READ MORE: Inheritance tax: Britons urged to act as tax year end looms However, some could get less than the new full state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. State pension payment changes are due to kick in from April 11, 2022 onwards - and apply to the rest of the tax year. The state pension is increasing by 3.1 percent this year, after the triple lock mechanism was temporarily scrapped. But what impact does this have on the state pension sum? DON'T MISSBritons may be able to boost their husband or wife's retirement fund [INSIGHT]Drawdown vs. annuity - how to determine what's best for your pension [EXCLUSIVE]State pensioners could boost sum using National Insurance option [ANALYSIS] The full basic state pension will rise from £137.60 per week to £141.85. The full new state pension is also increasing from its current level of £179.60 to £185.15. Many older people originally hoped the state pension sum would rise by eight percent this year. This was due to earnings figures soaring as a result of the anomaly of mass returns to work post-Covid and furlough. As a result, the Government decided to scrap this component of the triple lock for one year only. The 3.1 percent measure was taken from the rate of CPI inflation in September 2021, the month the triple lock is usually calculated via. However, the Government has reaffirmed its commitment to reintroducing the triple lock next year. During a Treasury Committee discussion last week, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak provided further details. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea When asked how much the Government has budgeted for next year’s increase, he said: “It will be whatever the estimated CPI (Consumer Prices Index) is in September.” The estimated rate of inflation measured by CPI in September 2022 is currently expected to be 7.4 percent. When it comes to the new rate of state pension payments, Britons will not have to take any action to get the higher sum. This is because it should be automatically processed by the DWP for the coming year.