Former US President Donald Trump has declared that America is "going to hell" as he told Piers Morgan that the USA has "never been so disrespected" as the country currently is under the stewardship of the Democrats and President Joe Biden. Mr Trump told the former Good Morning Britain presenter: "I love our country – our country is going to hell. "Our country is a mess," Mr Trump added. "Our country has never been so disrespected, our borders have never been so open. "We've never had in 44 years inflation like we have." JUST IN: 'Putin on brink: Exiled oligarch says next round of sanctions to deliver 'serious blow Piers Morgan pressed Mr Trump on whether he had plans to run for the White House in 2024. "For reasons of campaign finance and everything, I'm not allowed to say," Mr Trump replied. "But let me just say this, I think a lot of people are going to be very happy." Mr Morgan told the former president: "If you run again and you win, which could well happen. I think whoever the Republican candidate is right now, it looks like the Democrats are going to get shellacked in the midterms, is quite likely, whoever is the Republican nominee will end up being president.  "It could be you again and for as many people who think that's a great idea, you'll know there are lots of people who think that would be a total nightmare." "Far less," interrupted Mr Trump. He continued: "I think so. I think people are very angry at this country. "They're very angry at our leadership. They wish they had their vote to do again." DON'T MISS: Putin's lies exposed as state TV reveals hoax [REVEAL]US spy uploads secret file to work from home [INSIGHT]Police urgently search for missing Katie Kenyon [APPEAL] Also during the interview, the former president told Morgan that he believes he is "much more honest" than him. Mr Trump said: "I don't think you're real. I think I'm a much more honest person in most ways." Morgan appeared confused by the statement and asked: "Why am I not real?" to which Mr Trump replied: "We're not gonna get into that, let's finish up the interview."