  Piers Morgan, 57, has responded to a damning review of his new show Uncensored, which aired on TalkTV last night. The former Good Morning Britain presenter took to social media to react to the criticism that he resembled a “Jeremy Clarkson tribute act”.     Journalist Piers Morgan returned to our screens last night, marking the occasion with an explosive interview from former US President Donald Trump, 75, and repeatedly slamming the idea of “cancel culture”. Today Piers informed his fans today that his bold comments had prompted a comparison to be made between himself and Jeremy Clarkson, 62. Jeremy is the star of Amazon Prime show Clarkson’s Farm and previously presented the BBC’s Top Gear for many years, before he was axed from the show after punching producer Oisin Tymon. Piers took to Twitter this morning to share an unfavourable review of last night’s show with his 7.9 million followers, referring to an incident at the 2004 Press Awards, when Jeremy punched Piers in the head.      He wrote: “UPDATE: The Guardian review says I’m a ‘Jeremy Clarkson tribute act’. “Given my long-time respect and admiration for @JeremyClarkson (when he’s not punching me in the head), his fierce intelligence, razor-sharp wit and rakishly handsome looks, I take this as a massive compliment!” The ex-ITV presenter's tweet came as an update from his previous tweet on Sunday ahead of his TalkTV debut. At the time he wrote: “The only way the PR campaign for @PiersUncensored could possibly get any better is if the @guardian review it and say it’s terrible, unwatchable and the end of civilization as we know it.     “Don’t let me down you whiny woke wastrels!” he added. The review in question didn’t hold back when it came to Piers’ new show and even addressed his earlier tweet. The paper mentioned that the journalist had “Twitter-challenged” them to tear into him if they “were stereotypical enough” to do so. The review read: “OK then, you preening pugilistic publicist, let’s see what we can do.”       Reviewer Mark Lawson then proceeded to slam Piers’ solo speaking ability, suggesting that the star is less engaging when he is unable to lock horns with others. Speaking about Piers’ opening monologue about defying cancel culture, he wrote: “This splenetic soliloquy also showcased the weakest part of his broadcasting persona. “The Jeremy Clarkson tribute act revealed when he is allowed to speak uninterrupted for too long.” Later on he did admit that Piers’ new employer TalkTV is “much slicker” than similarly-new GB News and awarded his debut two stars overall.      “Sorry if that’s not wokey or whiny enough for him,” the reviewer penned sarcastically. “But he’s going to have to do much worse than this to prevent liberals falling un-woke in front of his show.” Piers will return tonight to show the second half of his interview with former President Trump. Piers Morgan’s Uncensored continues tonight at 8pm on TalkTV.   