Mr Chrisys discussed the Duke of Sussex's choice to attend the Invictus Games in the Netherlands, despite two weeks ago refusing to come back to the UK for the royal event. Many royal experts have reacted to Prince Harry's decision to exclude himself from Prince Philips's memorial service at Westminister Abbey. Mr Christys expressed how angry the Duke of Sussex's decisions made him, erupting and telling him to stay in The Hague.  The GB News host said: "Prince Harry would've been safer coming to Britain for his grandfather's memorial service than going to Holland for the Invictus Games in a fortnight. "That is according to the senior police officer who protected him and his mother. "Now they say that the Duke of Sussex has made the decision to cross the Atlantic for The Hague shortly after refusing to be with his British family in Westminster Abbey ten days ago." He continued: "So he'll be in the Netherlands for the international sports competition for injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe, which takes place on April 16 to 22. JUST IN: 'Don't take me through England' European lorry drivers furious over Kent traffic chaos     "Of course, elsewhere his darling wife Meghan has attempted to trademark the word archetypes." "I'm less bothered about Meghan trademarking the word archetypes, I just think that's part of the cause with her, isn't it. "But Prince Harry, I was very very angry about that, I was very angry they didn't come back for Prince Philips memorial service. Mr Chrystys added: "I was very angry of course that he left the Queen there, yet again didn't he, sitting without her grandson. "And I just thought it was an absolutely massive slap in the face, not just to our Royal Family but to us as a nation. "Actually there's plenty of people who feel like they've grown up with Harry, who have seen him since he was a child, who have cried tears when he's cried tears.  DON’T MISS: Inheritance tax threshold ‘cut’ by £150k as Sunak freeze hits - new IHT stealth raid shock'What's wrong about what I said?!' Sky News host erupts at Putin spokesman 'humiliation!'‘Dead in the water’ Rishi Sunak savaged by former Tory advisor over political ambitions   "Who have laughed with him when he's laughed, who have loved him, supported him and helped him out, and actually now, what's the point? "Why did he not muster the courage to be able to come back, I think that's absolutely disgraceful and it's absolutely disgusting, if he thinks he's safe in Holland maybe he should just stay there." Russell Myers, royal editor at the Daily Mirror, echoed a similar sentiment as Mr Christys. Mr Myers said: “I think that certainly, Harry will have regretted not being there [Philip’s memorial service]. “I know that there was someone in the armed forces, who was speaking quite eloquently after the service and knew Harry, said that he thought he would regret it as well. “He’s going to be at the Invictus Games at The Hague, just a short – less than an hour – flight from here in the Netherlands in a couple of weeks. “It just seems an absolutely bizarre decision to have made.” 