Meghan Markle has been spotted in numerous jewels from Princess Diana's personal collection, her engagement ring even including two of the Princess' own diamonds. The engagement ring Prince Harry gave to then-girlfriend Meghan in 2017 is a touching tribute to the royal's late mother. The central jewel is a 6ct, cushion-cut diamond sourced from Botswana, a place Harry went "for a sense of escapism" following his mother's death. It is flanked by two smaller diamonds from Princess Diana's collection. Prince Harry was initially the recipient of the People's Princess' engagement ring when she passed away, but in a gesture of brotherly love Harry gave this to his older brother when he planned to propose to Kate Middleton. READ MORE: Kate's 'fascinating' style in Caribbean 'resonates' - beating Meghan Nevertheless, the two small diamonds in Meghan's ring from Diana suggest her presence in their marriage. But while this is arguably the most significant jewel of Diana's that Prince Harry's bride likes to wear, this is not the only one. Princess Diana wore an iconic tennis bracelet from Cartier several times before her untimely death, and this has been seen on Meghan Markle's wrist in recent years. It is estimated to be worth upwards of £125,000, according to Alexandra Michell, Gemologist Prestige Pawnbrokers of Channel 4’s Posh Pawn. Meghan donned the bracelet at the Salute to Freedom Gala in November of last year, and before this a state dinner in Fiji in 2018 and Commonwealth Day in 2019. Interestingly, she wore the sentimental piece during her bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. A spokesperson for Meghan reportedly said: "They wanted to wear the bracelet to have (Harry's) mother there with them during the interview." Meghan is also clearly a fan of Princess Diana's Cartier Tank Française watch, which Prince William initially inherited when Harry opted for the engagement ring. It is estimated to be worth around an incredible £300,000. The watch, given to Diana by her father John Spencer on her 21st birthday, was worn by Meghan in a YouTube video where she read her children's book The Bench in October 2021. She also donned the statement piece when herself and Prince Harry were pictured for Time Magazine in 2020. One of the most touching instances where Meghan opted to wear her late mother-in-law's jewels was her wedding day, when she wore Diana's Aquamarine ring on her right hand. A breath-taking piece, the ring, set in 24ct gold, features an emerald cut aquamarine flanked by small solitaire diamonds, and was given to Diana in 1996 by her friend, Lucia Flecha de Lima. Maxwell Stone, diamond expert from Steven Stone, told Express.co.uk: "Aquamarine is one of the most visually beautiful gemstones. With an enchanting pale blue colour, the ring complimented Diana's skin tone perfectly. "Now having been passed down to Meghan Markle from Harry, it's interesting to know that the Aquamarine’s light blue colour symbolises feelings of sympathy, trust, and friendship." He estimated that the glorious ring is worth between £75,000 to £85,000. Finally, on the royals' 2018 tour of Australia, Meghan was spotted in Diana's butterfly earrings and gold bracelet. A year later, she donned the earrings once more at the launch of her Smart Works capsule collection. Most recently, Meghan made a touching tribute to Diana by wearing the gold bracelet when she and Harry received the President's prize at the NAACP Image Awards. Maxwell Stone, who valued the bracelet at £25,000, commented: "The bracelet features two large royal blue cabochon sapphires, that look to be around 5ct each." Not only did the bangle match Meghan's 'Cunningham blue' dress "perfectly", it holds a deeper meaning. "Traditionally, it is believed that sapphires have calming properties, promote peace and pristine rest, helping to slow down the mind."