Arsenal striker Alexander Lacazette reportedly wishes to leave the club due to problems with current boss Mikel Arteta, according to former Gunners defender William Gallas.  The Frenchman, 30, joined the Gunners for a then-club record fee of £52million from Lyon in 2017. He starred in his first four seasons at the Emirates by scoring 65 goals in four seasons, although his exploits have not been enough to secure a top-four finish in his time in north London. He was behind Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in the pecking order at the start of the season, and came into the fore as Arsenal's leading striker when the Gabonese captain was dropped in December. But his increased game time has not proved fruitful, and he currently sits on just four goals in 26 league games this campaign. And after a reported fallout with Arteta, the Frenchman is wanting to leave, according to Gallas. “I think he's going to leave because of the problems he’s had with Arteta since last season," Gallas told Genting Casino. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims  "When Arteta became the manager, Lacazette was in good form, scoring goals, playing up front with Aubameyang on the wing. But slowly there started to be an issue between the manager with Lacazette not playing as many games. So that's why I think he'll want to leave the club. "It can be difficult for players like Lacazette because as a big player, you always want to play in the big competitions.” Lacazette admitted he was open to a move away from the club in summer, with the ex-Lyon striker detailing how he has never 'cut contact' with his former club with just two months left on his contract. “I am in discussions with a lot of clubs. I am open," Lacazette said to Canal Plus. “I have never cut contact with Lyon since I left. I try to return to the club once or twice a year to see the medical staff because we are really close. Lyon knows that I am free, they have come to the information." DON'T MISSWest Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injuryAjax chief lets slip on Erik ten Hag's Man Utd verbal agreement - 'We tried everything'Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims  Arsenal will be in the hunt for a striker in the summer should he leave, given that Aubameyang left in the winter and Eddie Nketiah's contract is set to expire at the same time as Lacazette's. Dusan Vlahovic was linked in January, although a deal could not be agreed and the Serbian star joined Juventus instead. Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Cody Gakpo and Alexander Isak have all been linked as Arteta looks to replace the goals that he will lose in the summer. But whether or not deals can be done could depend on the Gunners' Champions League status next season.