‘Social tariffs’ are deals provided by broadband providers which are accessible to 4.2 million households across the country who are in receipt of Universal Credit. These deals could save benefit claimants £144 on their broadband bill if they get the payment from the DWP, according to Ofcom. However, the regulator reports that only 1.2 percent of these households who are entitled to this deal are claiming this vital means of support. For those who take Sky's social tariff, they will only need to spend £20 a month for 18 months for 36Mb/s broadband. As well at this, costumes will be able to get Sky Pay and You Talk landline but calls made using this are chargeable. In comparison, Sky Broadband Superfast costs customers £25 a month and is currently the cheapest offering available by the provider. After the initial 18 months on the social tariff, customers will be moved onto a standard rate but they can cancel penalty-free at any point before their contract reaches its end. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Recently, the country’s media regulator called on broadband providers to do more to support their customers amid the cost of living crisis. Lindsey Fussell, Ofcom's Network and Communications group director, praised Sky’s decision to launch its latest deal for Universal Credit claimants. Ms Fussell said: “We’ve been calling on broadband firms to do more to support customers suffering financial hardship. “So we’re pleased Sky has responded with a special discount for people on low incomes. We want to see all providers step up and offer these packages, and promote them more widely.”  As well as Sky, NOW has also launched a social tariff package for recipients of Universal Credit and Pension Credit. The NOW Broadband Basics package includes wifi with an average download speed of 36Mbps and Pay as you Use calls plan included at no extra cost for £20 a month. Anyone who applies for a social tariff via their broadband provider will need to show evidence that they claim Universal Credit or Pension Credit. Catherine Hiley, a broadband expert at Uswitch.com, shared why social tariffs are vital support schemes for those on Universal Credit. Mr Hiley explained: “The cost of living crisis is really starting to bite, so it’s promising to see that other broadband providers have listened to the rallying call for more social tariffs to help vulnerable customers and taken action. “Broadband is an essential service for most UK households, and tariffs such as these, offered by Sky and NOW, ensure it remains available to those who cannot afford full priced packages. “With many vulnerable people having never heard of social tariffs, it is important these offers are well promoted among Sky and NOW’s customers, to ensure everyone who is eligible has the chance to sign up. “If you are not eligible for a social tariff, or the option isn’t currently available in your location, there are many competitive tariffs available if you’re looking to switch. “Before locking into a new contract, consider what speed you actually need from your broadband, so you don’t overpay for a superfast service that you don’t need.” Examples of other broadband companies who have deals for Universal Credit claimants include: Broadband provider - Cost - Who can apply