Official spoilers for the BBC soap confirm that Nancy (played by Maddy Hill) will push Zack (James Farrar) away after finding out her mother Linda Carter (Kellie Bright) had stayed at Sharon Watts' (Letitia Dean). However, the EastEnders barmaid will soon regret lashing out at him when she realises he made a big sacrifice for her. Wanting to make it clear how much she loves and appreciates Zack, it's possible she might propose to the chef. Spoilers confirm Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) will become overwhelmed while reading the eulogy at his aunt's funeral. Too emotional to carry on, his ex-wife Linda decides not to support him and watches on. This causes Jannine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) to step in, and she rushes up to comfort him. A furious Linda storms out of the service and ends up having a confrontation with Nancy. Meanwhile, Zack misses his cooking competition to support a devastated Nancy, but after the drama with Linda, Nancy tells him to back off. READ MORE: Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? Devastated by her mother's behaviour, Nancy pours her heart out at Ruby's to Zack. Wanting to support her, he doesn't tell her about missing his cooking competition and sticks around to comfort her. However, when she finds out Linda had stayed at Sharon's and Zack hadn't told her, Nancy becomes upset with him once again. Later, she does learn about what Zack had given up to support her and feels guilty for snapping at him. Trying to make it up to him, she has a proposition for him - what could it be? It's possible Nancy might decide to propose to Zack. Feeling like she needs to show how much she cares about him, she could decide to make the big gesture. The pair have had ups and downs in their relationship, but have always managed to work through their differences. With Nancy still feeling like a failure following her marriage to Tamwar Masood (Himesh Patel), she is probably ready for a new start. After their marriage broke down, she was forced to come back to Walford and live with her parents again. She has since rebuilt her life, and Zack has been a big part of that. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Stuart Highway dies during cancer surgery? [THEORY]Married at First Sight's Olivia and Jackson appear to confirm romance [LATEST]Piers Morgan savages woke brigade in new rant [VIDEO] It seems the two work as a couple, and keen to move on to a new chapter, Nancy might want her family to have something positive to look forward to. Wanting to let him know how seriously she takes the relationship, she may decide it's time to make things official. With her emotions running high following Tina's (Luisa Bradshaw-White) funeral, she may ask Zack to marry her after the funeral. Could the next Walford wedding be on the horizon? Zack hasn't been on the Square long, but he's become a firm favourite with fans of the soap. If he was to marry Nancy, it would suggest he has no plans to move on from Walford. The two have been together on and off since Zack arrived in the Square. With Mick confirmed to be leaving the show, perhaps Zack and Nancy will decide to run the pub once he has left. Danny Dyer is set to be leaving the soap later this year, which will leave space for new owners of The Vic. With Zack as her fiance, the two could start a new era in the famous pub, marking a change from Mick's time as pub manager. This would also make sense because Zack's sister Sharon has a long history associated with the pub. She may also lend her support and knowledge of the business to the couple. With so much going on within her family, Nancy might decide it's time to make a big gesture to bring about some happiness. EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm.